Lane One
Temptation

Justine Elvira

Edited by: Eileen Proksch
Cover by: Robin Harper
wickedbydesigncovers.com

Published by Justine Elvira
Smashwords Edition
©2015 Justine Elvira
justinethedream@gmail.com 

All rights reserved. This book contains material under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any Unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without written permission of the author, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages for review purposes only.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any events or occurrences, is purely coincidental. The characters and story lines are created from the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously.

Cover image used under license from shutterstock.com

Table of Contents
Temptation
Prologue
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Lane One: Seduction
Justine Elvira's books
Acknowledgements
Changing His Game
About the Author



Temptation:
Something that causes a strong urge or desire to have or do something and especially something that is bad, wrong, or unwise.

Prologue

Entry #1715

If I were able to define beauty it would be simple. I'd just have to say her name. The way she smiles at the simplest of things, or the way she crinkles her nose when she doesn't like something. There's beauty in her laugh, her love of children, her kindness towards others, and her painful past full of despair and heartache. The pain she hides from the rest of the world is the most beautiful of all. It makes me want to protect her until my last breath. If the world got to see what I see every day, she would no longer be just mine. Every man who was lucky enough to be in her presence would want her.

"Can I get you anything else, sir?"
The fasten seat belt light flickers off, letting me know that it's okay to move around the plane cabin after the long stretch of turbulence ends. I stand up, stretching my legs out in front of my first class seat. There are two hours left on this eight-hour flight to London and I'm already itching to get back to Chicago.
"No, thanks," I reply, brushing past the petite woman and making my way to the small lavatory located in first class. It's unoccupied so I squeeze myself inside and lock the door behind me.
After relieving myself of the several cups of coffee I've consumed on the flight, I zip up my pants and wash my hands in the tiny sink, briefly glancing at my appearance in the mirror.
The man staring back at me looks worn out and fucking old as shit.
I've noticed the subtle changes in my appearance these past couple weeks and at first I thought I was going crazy. I was convinced I was seeing things that weren't there, but when the first few gray hairs started to appear near my temples, I couldn't pretend to imagine it anymore. The stress of everything having to do with her has made me age.
I hate leaving her, even for these little trips where I'm gone for less than forty-eight hours. Although I've hired the best team around, I don't trust the care she's under. If I'm not there to supervise the daily schedule, I live in fear that someone will make a mistake or mess up, and I'll be forced to live the rest of my life without her. 
A life without her is not a life I'm willing to live.
I press down on the faucet and cup my hands, letting them fill with water before splashing my face. The cool water is refreshing against my skin, and in an odd way makes me feel slightly better and more awake. As I'm drying my face there is a knock on the lavatory door. I toss the paper towel in the garbage and unlock the door, ready to go back to my seat but instead someone walks in.
"Are you sure there's nothing else I can do for you, sir?" the eager flight attendant asks. I've always had this effect on women and even though I look the worst I've ever appeared, apparently women still want me.
 She's looking up at me, her eyes coated in heavy make-up. She can't be older than twenty. Her button up flight attendant top is open, revealing her perky, young breasts and while her offer might have been something I would have considered a while back, it's no longer a desire of mine when I'm in the right mindset.  
She clicks the lock behind her and moves towards me in the confined space. The small toilet is pushing against the back of my legs so I have nowhere to move. Her firm chest brushes against mine as the palm of her hand slides against my stomach and lowers to the front of my trousers. She rubs the small palm of her hand up and down, attempting to get a reaction from my cock. I'm too stunned at the moment to stop her, too tired to think straight.
"I can be very helpful," she offers.
She undoes the button of my pants and slowly unzips them, lowering them past my hips. She places her delicate hands over my cock again and begins to stroke me over my boxer briefs. 
It's been so long since I've been touched. I can't remember ever going this long without my dick receiving some kind of attention from the opposite sex. I need to stay focused. I need to remember why I'm here, why I'm on this plane. I run on a strict schedule. I like my detailed to-do lists and today's list is an easy one. There are just four simple steps. 
*Go to London
*Sign the necessary paperwork needed at my business meeting
*Get my ass back on the plane to Chicago
*Go see my girl and make sure those incompetent assholes don't fuck up while I'm away
I'll be home in less than forty-eight hours. I can get through forty-eight fucking hours.
As I'm repeating the words over in my head I almost forget about the young woman in front of me until I feel my cock stir to life. Warmth spreads through my body and the desire to fuck something so I can come suddenly takes over my thoughts. 
I look down at my dick but can only see the fiery, red hair of the flight attendant as she pulls my boxers down and devours my cock with her mouth.
Fuck me. That feels incredible.
I forgot how nice a soft set of lips and a warm mouth can feel around my cock.
As soon as I think it, a visual of the argumentative, fun-loving brunette I love pops into my head and I groan in agony instead of satisfaction. The redhead takes this as encouragement and she gently bites down on my long, hard length before dragging her teeth up to the head and sucking the tip. As great as it feels, I'm forced to push her off of me. She falls back against the door and I quickly zip myself back up while looking at her stunned face.
She's pretty, gorgeous really, but she's not her. No one will ever come close to her.
"That was sweet of you to offer, but I'm afraid I'm a one woman man."
"I can be discreet. No one will know," she whispers huskily.
"And I don't like repeating myself. You're a young woman who probably has more to offer a man than a blowjob in the lavatory of first class. You should focus on your job, while I focus on getting back in my seat. Excuse me."
I gesture towards the door and wait for her to stand up and adjust her clothing. She unlocks it and steps out of the small, enclosed space. I follow behind her to go back to my seat. The large leather seat is comfortable and I recline back, shutting my eyes to try and forget what just happened.
Forty-eight hours. I just need to get through the next forty-eight hours. 

One

Entry #1246

My fascination with her started in the lap lanes of my exclusive five star health club. I'm not sure what drew me to her. It wasn't sexual or lustful, just pure infatuation...

I don't normally behave like this. It's sickening, really, and I probably should be sprawled out on an uncomfortable couch waiting for a psychiatrist with an Ivy League education to prescribe me something, or to lock me away in a white padded room for the rest of my life.
I feel this way because I've hit the ultimate low. 
Do you see the guy standing behind the chrome, three-tier towel rack, staring out at the long length of the lap pool like a creeper, or pedophile? The devastatingly handsome man with short, dirty blond hair, but long enough for you to hold on to while he's fucking you? That dumbshit is me. 
Over the past year I've gone from being the most eligible bachelor in the Chicago land area to a dwindling, pathetic version of that man. 
I hate the man I've become. I'd beat the shit out of me if I could.
I'm arrogant, cocky, rich, and sexy as fuck. Women can't wait for the chance to try and seduce me so they can jump into bed with me. My good looks draw them in and my light blue eyes deceive them into trusting me. So why the hell am I hiding behind a towel rack stalking a woman I don't know, and who is most definitely not my type?
I guess to figure that out we need to start back at the beginning: The first day that my dick started to disappear and I began growing a pussy.
I'm one of those men addicted to healthy eating and fitness. My workout routine is just that, a routine. I arrive at the health club around nine every morning, right after my morning meetings. I run for an hour on the treadmill, weight lift for thirty minutes, go to the mats and pound out five hundred sit-ups, and finish off with a trip to the sauna. 
My body's a well-oiled machine; I like it that way. 
This has been my routine for a long time. I've worked out six days a week for over fifteen years, only resting on Sundays because of family obligations. Truthfully, Sundays are when I need to exercise the most. My family would drive anyone crazy, and physical exertion is the only way I can relieve my stress. 
So you could say I was surprised when I received the results of my annual physical last year. 
I was a thirty-four-year-old healthy male. I knew I had nothing to worry about. Men wish they were in the physical condition I was in. My doctor, who also happens to be one of my closest friends, hooked me up to the treadmill and started my annual stress test; the results were more than disappointing. 
Apparently, I have issues knowing how to handle and deal with stress. I didn't need to pay the fucker and have him hook me up to a machine to find that out. I knew this already, and so did he. The treatment plan he put me on? Participate in more activities that help relieve stress.
What the hell did he want me to do? I already spend my mornings at the health club, and in the evenings I worked out my stress in the bedroom. There's Melissa on Mondays, Jenny on Tuesdays and Saturdays, Mercedes on Wednesdays, Bailey on Thursdays and Sundays, and I always left Friday nights open so I could fit in whatever girl met my standards when I was out at the bar with the guys. I never went home empty-handed.
Why am I telling you this?
I'm telling you this so you can see why creeping on some chick I don't know, like I'm a fucking predator, is pathetic and uncalled for. I'm better than this. I shouldn't be stalking her; she should be stalking me.
The female population has been after me since my first trip to the sandbox when I was just two years old. My mother loves to tell this story. You see, I was minding my own business and filling my bucket up with sand, when an older boy stole my shovel. I started to cry (not my best moment) and then two little girls went over to that older boy and got my shovel back for me. The details are fuzzy, mostly because I wasn't old enough to remember and my mother likes to embellish when storytelling, but that day I left the sandbox a new man. 
I had received my first and second kiss that day. For a boy who still wore diapers and was probably sitting in his own piss and shit, this was a huge moment in the history of Theo.
Oh yeah, my name’s Theodore Rosely, but everyone calls me Theo.
I've never liked my name. My parents are stuck up elitists and named me Theodore after President Franklyn Theodore Roosevelt. My father is a senator and his life-long wish was for me to follow in his footsteps, so I obviously chose another path for my life to go down. 
I became a rich, successful businessman who refuses to settle down. I'm no longer invited to any of their social gatherings. This is mostly because I've fucked a daughter, a niece, or babysitter of almost every guest invited and never called her afterwards. 
Instead of being pissed at me they should tell the less than fortunate women in their lives to close their fucking legs. I didn't force them to hop on.
This is just a little backstory, but we'll get to more about me later. Right now I want to focus on what brought me to the low place I'm in today.
After my visit last year with the good old doctor, I decided to change up my exercise routine a little. The following Monday morning I arrived at the gym and ran for an hour before weight lifting and doing my sit-ups, but when I got back to the locker room I threw on my swim jammers and decided to swim some laps in the pool before I sat in the sauna.
You see, I was a competitive swimmer all the way through college. Growing up the way I did meant I had parents that were too busy to spend time with me, so I spent my time with the staff and participating in every extracurricular activity you could imagine. It was natural talent and great genes that made me great at everything I did, but I excelled in swimming.
I took to the water like I belonged there. Swimming felt more natural to me than walking. By the time I hit high school I was the number one swimmer in the state and colleges all over the country were scouting me and offering me the world if I chose their school. I ended up choosing a school at random, because at that time I didn't care about a future in school, I only cared about pussy and I was getting loads of it. 
I still am.
When I walked into the pool area that Monday and approached the lap lanes, only lane two was open, the rest were occupied. With my goggles secured on my face I dove in and swam a few warm-up laps, reacquainting myself with the water. It had been several years since I swam laps in a pool, but it's just like riding a bike. After just a few laps I felt home again in the water.
At the end of my tenth lap I stopped, pulled my goggles off my head and dampened them with water before reapplying them over my eyes. When I look back over the past year I realize this is when it happened. This is when my life started to change and I became my own worst enemy. I became infatuated with one woman, and it would take me an insanely long time to realize it. 
Somehow I was oblivious to what my mind was constantly focused on this past year. My thoughts were always on her.
 With the goggles secured back on my face, I let my eyes drift over my surroundings. The lanes were active with bodies seeking the same physical release I was. My eyes appraised every lane and although each person swam at a different level, they all seemed to be in great shape. Some might even possibly have a similar background in the sport that I did, except for her- the woman in lane one.
This is what drew my attention to her at first. 
She was frumpy. I'm not just saying that because she was significantly overweight, which she was. I'm saying it because her bathing suit was old, worn and didn't fit her right. The only positive thing about the blue synthetic material she called a one-piece, was the built-in push-up bra that her ample breasts toppled over. Although, the only reason she had ample breasts was because of her weight so it's not necessarily something I should drool over. 
I'm not good at guessing a woman's size if she's larger than a size eight, mostly because I've never fucked a woman over a size eight, but this woman was much larger. Shit, I don't know, maybe a size eighteen or twenty?
You see my problem? This was the first time I'd seen her and I was already spending too much time thinking about her. She was already demanding my attention longer than any other woman ever had. A size eighteen was definitely not my type. Plus, she was just average-looking. Okay, maybe a little above average and I'm only conceding to that because in those first couple seconds she caught my eye.
She noticed me looking at her and gave me a shy smile. It was just a small smile before she focused back on the water and started swimming again, but in that smile I saw something... beautiful. 
Of course, that's not what I thought in that moment, but looking back at that first encounter, I'm more aware of the fact that I thought she was breathtakingly beautiful from the moment I laid eyes on her.
Now I know what you're thinking about my previous comments and it's true; I'm an asshole. Men should never comment on a woman's weight or whatever, but I'm not saying it to be a douchebag or to get a laugh. I commend her for getting in the pool and working out that day. 
I'm saying it because it's a fact that I observed when I saw her. 
After she looked away from me and started to swim again, I forgot all about her and focused on the lane in front of me. I swam for the next forty-five minutes, enjoying the calming effect the water had on my body, before pulling myself out of the pool and heading straight into the locker room and towards the sauna. I didn't look around for her before leaving the pool area because I had no need to. I'd forgotten all about her in those forty-five minutes.
The rest of the week went exactly the same for me. I adapted to my new workout routine and quickly remembered how much I enjoyed swimming. I was even grateful for the results of that stress test because it brought back my love of the water, but every day that week when I went down to the pool, she was there. 
It's not like I was looking for her. It was just a casual observation I made when I would walk in and my eyes would roam over each lane. I never watched her swim though, and when I was done swimming my laps I'd get out of the pool and go straight to the sauna, never checking to see who was still in the water. Never checking to see if she was still in the water.
That first Saturday was when things started to change.
Saturdays are different for me. I have no morning meetings so I get to go to the health club first thing in the morning, which is the perfect way to start my day. When figuring out my new routine, I decided that on Saturdays I would cut out the weight training and sit-ups, and instead stick to cardio. I'd run for an hour and then head to the pool and increase my swim time to an hour and a half. This was more cardio than usual, but I made this decision because I was really enjoying my time in the water. Swimming is a fantastic way of working all of my muscles. I'm able to forget everything else, and just focus on my body and the water. It's therapeutic.
When I walked into the pool area two hours earlier than my normal time during the week, she was there in lane one. I was a little stunned to see her. She was still wearing that same frumpy swimsuit with her natural dark hair tied up in one of those knot-looking things on top of her head. I slid into the lane next to her, attempting to ignore her, but I couldn't. I stood in the water at the top of my lane and just stared for a few moments, watching her as she kept up her casual swimming pace. 
Was she really here again swimming? How often does she swim? How long has she been swimming?
Why the fuck did I care?
I physically shook my head trying to get any thoughts of her out of my mind and then I began swimming the length of the health club's pool. Lap after lap I quickly forgot about everything outside of the water and the lane in front of me.  Occasionally, I'd glance at the pace clock to see what my lap time was looking like. I wasn't swimming at my fastest pace or even trying to, but the competitor in me couldn't help the natural instinct to check my time.
The ninety minutes in the water flew by quickly and when I started to swim a few cool down laps, I was aware of my surroundings, again, and the woman in lane one.
She was floating on her back, her chest rising above the water while doing the backstroke. Her eyes were focused on the ceiling above us. Her breasts glistened with drops of water and I found myself intrigued by them. I loved their size and was imagining my hands cupping the beautiful mounds of flesh and feeding them to my mouth. 
Part of me was stunned that she was still in the pool swimming and the other part of me was focused on her body and technique. She didn't look like a swimmer and her speed was slow and steady, but her lines were perfection. Every stroke her arms made was delivered with beautiful precision. Every kick of her legs was executed like a trained professional.
I had no idea how long I watched her that day, but I knew I should stop. This was becoming unhealthy and I was lucky she hadn't caught me, again. If she'd seen me then I might have to find a new health club in order to save my reputation.
As I watched her, the same question still lingered in my thoughts. Why was she still swimming? At her size and the amount of time she's spent swimming in this pool, she's probably burned around twelve to thirteen hundred calories. She's going to be exhausted if she keeps this up.
She reached the end of the lane and suddenly stopped swimming, standing up in the water at the other end of the pool to take a break. Her back was facing me as she leaned over the edge of the pool and took a few sips of her water bottle. Her head tilted backwards as she glanced at the clock on the wall. 
This was when my body finally started to move. It would only be a second before she got out of the pool herself and I wouldn't allow her to catch me watching her. Watching her was beneath me, so I quickly pulled my body out of the water and walked over to grab a white cotton towel off the towel rack.
I'm ashamed at what I did next. It's like my body was disconnected from the intelligent part of my brain and couldn't help itself. I shifted my body and glanced back over to the pool, hoping to get a glimpse of her tits outside of the water. Instead, there she was, swimming the butterfly stroke in lane one, while I made a fool out of myself by turning around to watch her.
I purposely made my feet move in the direction of the locker room even though something inside me was pulling me towards the woman in the pool. I didn't understand the feeling so I ignored it and opened up the wooden door to the sauna in an attempt to sweat all thoughts of her out of my body. 
I knew I just needed a good round in the sack with Jenny tonight. Her tits were fake but huge, and would help quench the desire I'm suddenly having for women with big tits. That was the only explanation for why I kept watching that woman in the pool. I wanted some big tits to hold.
 

Two

Entry #1302

Her brown hair swayed in the wind as she sat down on the long, black bench outside the health club. Her clothes were baggy and hid her curves that were becoming more defined. It was obvious she hadn't gone clothes shopping since she started losing weight, but even in the disheveled clothing I could tell. Her face was slimmer, her eyes a little larger. Eyes that I now knew were a caramel brown.
 She had ear buds in and was singing along to the song she was listening to. Her soft smile created a warm feeling inside me that spread through my body. I was starting to feel something for this woman. A woman I've never even said one word to...

Are you still with me? Okay, where was I? 
Oh, right.
Those first two months went by in a blur. Every morning when I went to the pool for my swim she was there. When I'd finish my laps and was ready to leave, she was still there. It seemed like she was always in that fucking pool. I don't know why that infuriated me and intrigued me so much, but it did. I found myself drifting off, thinking about her at the most random times of the day. I had an irrational need to know just how long she swam in that pool for each day.
It started off slowly, which is why I probably didn't realize my problem until it was too late. It began by lengthening my time in the pool. It was small at first. Coming in five minutes earlier, leaving ten minutes later. Soon I had cut down my run on the treadmill to thirty minutes, and instead of doing my sit-ups at the gym, I'd do them back at the office after lunch. I started skipping the weight room all together. I was swimming over ninety minutes now every weekday, and every day she was there before I got there and left some time after me.
It baffled me. I was in fantastic shape and even I was tired after some of my pool workouts. How was she able to keep up such a rigorous routine every day? Her determination and work ethic in the pool mirrored mine. It was rare that I found a woman who worked her body just as hard as I did, but then why was she overweight?
This was a stupid question to ask myself because I had witnessed the results of her workouts. She'd lost a significant amount of weight in the last two months. Thirty, maybe even forty pounds. I wasn't even sure if it was healthy to lose that much weight so fast.
As much as I wanted to focus on anything but her, my mind wouldn't allow me to. I'd spent so much time focused on her that my intrigue quickly turned to admiration. After two months of working out in the lane next to hers, changing my entire routine to watch her, and exerting my body to the fullest extent, I still had no idea how long she swam each day. I'd even become desperate enough that I checked the pool first before going upstairs for my run, and every time I checked there she was. Swimming in lane one.
So it was then, two months in, that I hit my all-time low, or so I thought (there was no way I could predict I would be hiding behind a towel rack ten months later). 
I woke up earlier than normal, cancelled my morning meetings, and drove to the health club. The parking lot was a lot emptier than I was used to but that didn't mean the mystery woman wasn't there. I had no way of knowing if she was swimming already or not unless I went inside, so that's what I did. 
I greeted Steven, the key clerk at the front desk, in the lobby and made my way to my destination. Opening the door to the locker room, I briskly walked through it and opened the door that led into the pool area. I peeked around the door to stare out at the lap lanes. They were all empty, even lane one. She wasn't here yet. 
I was crazy. I was fucking crazy. I cancelled my morning meetings, important meetings, for what? Was it that important to find out what time my mystery woman arrived at the gym? The lengths I'd gone just to find out how much she swam bordered on ridiculous.
I quickly left the pool area and went back through the locker room to the front lobby. Steven was trying to talk to me from behind the front desk but I quickly brushed him off, telling him I'd be back later. Once I was seated behind the wheel of my Mercedes SLS GT Roadster, I didn't move. I had backed it in right next to the handicap spots near the front doors of the club. That way I had a perfect view of the parking lot. A perfect view of when she arrived.
If my friends could have only seen me. That was not my finest moment.
The satellite radio played my favorite morning talk show. The two men heatedly discussed the biggest news stories from around the world, the economy of our country, and the DOW. My eyes would flicker to the clock every once in a while, but then they'd go back to roam the parking lot, searching for her. Five minutes before eight was when I spotted her. She was in jeans and a baggy Chicago Park District t-shirt. Her hair was down and the brown waves fell to the middle of her back. I got the smallest glimpse of a tattoo on her lower back as she opened the door to the backseat and bent over to retrieve her gym bag. I was too far away to see what she had inked on there, but it was definitely a tattoo I spotted. 
When my eyes finally left her body, that's when I noticed her car. The rusty paint job (I think the car was originally red) was the least of her worries. Even from here I could see that the tires were completely worn, she only had one backlight and the bumper was missing. Add all that to the fact that the car had to have been made in the eighties, it was a surprise she made it to the health club each day without dying in her death trap.
With a piece of shit car like that how could she even afford this health club?
My wallet gets a workout to be a member here, shelling out several hundred dollars a month. Granted, several hundred dollars is pennies to me, but you get my point. That kind of money paid for this top of the line facility, the view of Lake Michigan and its exclusivity from the public. If she had the kind of money lying around to pay for a membership here, why not get a new car?
She started walking through the parking lot towards the entrance of the club and my eyes stayed trained on her. Her walk lacked confidence and confidence is another thing that I'm hugely attracted to in a woman, yet the fact that she lacked it didn't do anything to deter my interest from her.
My legs moved before I could think my next move through, and I closed my car door and power walked towards the entrance of the health club, hoping to make it to the double glass doors first.
I beat her there by just a few steps, but it was enough to open the door for her. She looked back at me with her big, caramel brown eyes and smiled softly as she nodded her head in thanks, and walked past me through the open doorway. I moved in slightly, so her arm brushed against my side and that smallest touch gave me a funny sensation in my stomach.
I wanted to reach out and grab her. Turn her in my arms and smash my lips to hers until she wanted me just as much as I wanted her.
You see, I'm sick. 
Maybe... 
Probably... 
Slightly disturbed.
Paging the nearest Psych ward.
I followed her into the health club and waved to Steven as I walked in and went right into the men's locker room to change into my black jammers to swim in. 
My goal was to stay in the pool for as long as she did, just so I knew once and for all what her routine was.
It was crazy. In those last two months I'd gone completely nuts because I shouldn't give a fuck what her routine was. She was no one to me. I didn't even know her name, she drove a piece of shit car and she was most definitely not my type.
Yet when I was done getting ready, I walked through that door anyway and straight into the pool area. She wasn't in the lap pool yet and I was relieved. I knew I should get in the pool first so it didn't look like I followed her in here. Not that she'd even really noticed me before. 
The pool area was empty except for an older man who was in the therapy pool next to the Jacuzzi. I slid into lane two, leaving lane one open since it was the only lane I'd ever seen her in.
I had my goggles on my head and no excuse not to start swimming but I wanted to wait anyway. I wanted to see her as she walked in. I wanted to observe what her routine was. 
As I stalled starting to swim laps, the door to the women's locker room opened and out she walked. With each step her luscious curves moved. It was as if she was walking in slow motion as Mika's Big Girl played in my head.
Not the most romantic song, but it expressed something I was feeling.
This big woman walking towards me was beautiful.
She was wearing the same blue suit, but it didn't fit her at all. It was baggy all over and even the cups that held her breasts had a little more room than they should. 
I dipped my goggles in the water, pretending to clean the lenses so it wasn't obvious that I was staring at her. I kept my head down but glanced upward as she walked over to the pool. She set her water bottle down on the ledge of lane one and slid into the pool. 
As hard as I tried to control it, my body took over as my head lifted and my body turned her way. My eyes roamed every inch of her figure as I watched her movements.
Her head dipped back in the water as she wet the long strands of her hair before tying them up at the back of her head. Most women wore swim caps when swimming laps, but not her. She stood over the ledge and took a sip of water before turning around and facing the lane in front of her. 
Then she was on the move. She kicked off the wall and started swimming leisurely towards the other end of the pool. I knew she was smaller than the first time I saw her, but it was even more evident when she was in the water with only a small amount of material covering her body. Well, actually, it was a rather large amount of material but that's beside the point. 
I decided to push back all thoughts of her and started swimming. I'd pace myself for a ninety-minute swim and if she was still swimming when the ninety minutes were up then I would add time accordingly.
I swam freestyle. Lap after lap I tried to control the urge to look over at her. I felt like a drug addict looking for his next fix - the pull towards her was that strong. I needed to get it under control. I needed to show myself that I could control it so I kept swimming.
I swam and I swam until my ninety minutes were up. I stopped and stood up in the water, glancing at the clock before turning around and facing the pool. There she was, kicking her plump, slightly toned legs as she lay on her back, swimming in my direction. 
The fatigue was starting to set in and I was tired. I didn't want to continue swimming, but I had to. I couldn't quit now after all of the effort I put into finding out how long she stayed in the pool. 
I kicked off the wall, deciding to switch it up and swim the backstroke. This way I could glance at the clock continually, and also glance over at her lane. Not to watch her body move and fantasize about fucking her against the tile wall of the pool, because I wasn't, but strictly to see when she got out of the water. That's all I was there for. Just to see how long she normally worked out.
Forty-five minutes later she was still going and I no longer could. 
Holy hell, this chick has some stamina in the water. What should I do? I can't leave because it'll eat at me all day, every day, until I figure out how long this woman swims for. But I can't swim anymore either, otherwise I won't be able to go out tonight with the guys, and I definitely won't be able to perform for whatever lucky lady I take home with me tonight. I need to save some of my stamina for my weekly Friday night out.
Speaking of stamina.
 If my mystery woman could go over two hours in the pool, imagine how long she could go in the bedroom. Fuck, I bet I could take her for hours, on multiple surfaces before she grew tired.
My balls tightened and my dick stood at attention just thinking about it.
I needed to get my lustful thoughts under control.
Adjusting myself before I ended up embarrassed from getting a hard on in the pool, I pulled myself out of the water and walked over to the therapy pool, slowly taking each step into the warm water. It felt amazing on my skin. Just what my muscles needed. 
I glanced back over at the pool and was shocked to see the brown haired, beautiful mystery woman staring at me. It was only for a brief second before she glanced away, her cheeks flushed in embarrassment at being caught. She quickly went back to swimming her laps, but I know what I saw. She was definitely watching me.
I mean, how could she not when I have the body of a Greek God.
The smug smile that spread across my face was impossible to stop. Maybe I was affecting her a little. It was only fair since she seemed to be affecting all of my decision-making lately. I swam a few laps in the therapy pool before moving over to the Jacuzzi and letting the hot water and jets soothe all of my muscles.
It was another thirty minutes before she finally stopped swimming laps and got out of the pool. I would have almost missed it. I had my back pushed against the wall of the Jacuzzi and my head was leaning back against the tile floor. My eyes were closed, enjoying every second in the water.
"Hello, Miss Ward," Steven’s voice echoed in the large room.
My eyes burst open and I looked up just in time to see her walking away from the lap pool and in my direction. 
"Hello, Steven." Her voice was soft and feminine.
"It's going to be a beautiful day today. Got any fun plans?"
"Nope, just the usual, Steven. I just love the beginning of fall."
"Maybe you do, but I wish I was down south on the beach, maybe in Miami, and sipping Pina Coladas from some guy named Pedro who has washboard abs and is serving them up to me in a thong. That would be heaven right now."
The woman giggled, her laughter filling the room and it was the most beautiful sound I'd ever heard. It was light and whimsical, and I had the instant need to watch over her and protect her.
Protect her from what? She's no damsel in distress. 
I needed to get out of here before I did something stupid.
Standing up in the shallow water, I pulled myself up and out of the Jacuzzi. It was then that Steven noticed me, which was a shock because he always seemed to know exactly where I was at the health club. His crush on me was something that was impossible not to notice
"Mr. Rosely, I didn't see you there." The alarm in his tone of voice was almost comical.
"It's perfectly fine, Steven. I was just leaving."
"I came in here to give you a message, sir."
I walked over to them, even though it was not in my direct path to the locker room and I could easily hear Steven from where I was standing. The woman looked down at her feet, purposely avoiding any form of eye contact with me so I made sure to stand directly next to her, my bare arm brushing against hers.
"What is it, Steven?"
"Miss... I mean... Bailey would like it if you could stop by her office on your way out."
Fucking Bailey. I was with her last night but somehow I forgot that she worked this morning. That's how I met my Thursday and Sunday girl. She called me into her office one day, locked the door and then practically jumped me.
I was not in the mood to deal with her shit today. She's a beautiful woman, great for a couple rounds in the sack, but she's needy as hell. Somehow I knew she was going to fuck up the great morning I was having.
I turned so I was facing Steven directly, and purposely leant into my brunette obsession. The back of my palm skimmed against her hip as my arm stilled against hers. She took a small step in the other direction, breaking our connection but not before I felt the goose bumps raise on the top of her skin.
This was good news. I affected her, too.
"I'll stop by her office on my way out, Steven. Thank you."
I glanced at the woman next to me one last time before turning around and walking to the men's locker room. As I was approaching the door I heard Steven loudly whisper, "He's one of the only reasons I don't mind staying here in the cold. Just look at his body. Why are the good ones always straight?"
She giggled softly as I opened the door to the locker room, pretending not to hear a word Steven said, but basking in the glory of the small victories I've made today.
Victory number one: I have a time. She swims for around three hours a day. That was both impressive and completely insane. 
Victory number two: I had a partial name- Ward.
I showered and changed quickly into a gray pinstriped suit. I had a late lunch meeting today with some potential business partners, otherwise I would have taken the entire day off and probably followed Miss Ward to her next destination.
God, I needed fucking help!
Deciding not to knock, I walked into Bailey's office like I owned the place but she was sitting behind her desk on the phone. 
"Namaste," Bailey said passively as she covered the receiver with her hand so the person on the other end couldn't hear her, before she quickly ended the call.
She stood up to approach me. Her tight pencil skirt and low cut blouse accentuated the amazing figure I knew was underneath. Her firm ass, round perky tits, and tight body were one of the hottest I've ever had my hands on, but she was fucking crazy so I could only handle her in small doses.
"Namaste?" I raised my eyebrow, questioning the new word she's added to her vocabulary.
"My yoga instructor uses it, so I thought I might too."
"Do you even know the meaning behind it?" I asked her teasingly. 
"Theo, I missed you last night," she whispered seductively, ignoring my question and leaning up to kiss me on the cheek.
"I was with you for several hours, Bailey. How could you miss me?"
"You know what I mean. I would love to wake up with you one of these days."
"And you know I don't do overnights. We've talked about this."
She reached out to me, her perfectly manicured hands gripped onto the lapels of my jacket as she pulled me closer to her body so that her tits rubbed against my chest. 
"You could make it up to me. Right here, right now."
Her hands lowered until she was cupping me from the outside of my pants. My cock stirred to life under the fabric and what was the harm in a quick fuck before a boring lunch meeting? 
"I don't have a lot of time, Bailey."
"That's okay, I'll be quick."
She lowered herself to her knees and unzipped my trousers before sliding her hand in my boxers and pulling out my cock. I almost wanted to stop this but when her hot mouth covered the head of my cock and started to suck, I'd be the stupidest motherfucker to stop it. 
I closed my eyes and leant back against her desk as she continued to suck me off. She wrapped a hand around the base of me, fisting me and then sliding her fist up and down my length as she sucked me off. I was about to pull away and bend her over the desk when there was a knock at the door.
Bailey started to lift her head, but I reached out and grabbed the back of her head so she wouldn’t stop sucking. She started this, so now she needed to finish it.
"Who is it?" I grunted angrily as Bailey continued to take me in her mouth.
"It's Steven."
"Give us a minute, Steven."
I thrust my hips forward so Bailey would take more of me and after a few more thrusts I was coming down her throat.
Fuck me, that felt good.
Bailey stood up and adjusted her dress as I tucked my cock back in my boxers and then zipped up my pants.
"What about me?" she asked innocently.
"Get rid of Steven and I'll make you come before I leave."
Her eyes lit up with excitement. She's been with me enough to know I can make her come a hundred different ways. I've eaten a lot of pussy so I knew what the fuck I was doing.
"Come in, Steven," Bailey called out, slipping behind her desk so it looked like we were in here having a professional meeting.
"I'm sorry to interrupt, Bailey, but Miss Ward was curious about the four free training sessions she was promised when she became a member with us. She was wondering when she could redeem them?"
"Tell Miss Ward I'll be with her in a moment, Steven."
Steven nodded his head at Bailey and then glanced in my direction before he left the small office, closing the door behind him.
"I've got to take care of this, Theo, but do you think you could make me come with your fingers before you leave?"
"I thought I was going to be getting a meal?"
"We don't have time for that, but you can eat me out on Sunday. I'll still see you Sunday, right?"
"Absolutely. You know how much I need you on Sundays." 
Knowing Bailey would be riding me on Sunday evenings was the only fucking reason I could make it through a Sunday with my family. I go through hell with them all day, and fuck my frustrations out with Bailey all night.
"Great!" she exhales, pulling me over to her. I slipped my hand under her skirt, sliding my fingers up one of her smooth, toned legs until I reached her silk thong, preparing to get her off. She groaned as soon as I slipped my index and middle finger inside her wet core.
"Ughh..." she groaned. "I really don't want to deal with this chick right now. I just want to be with you."
Bailey didn’t want to deal with whom? My lap girl?
"Why, what's wrong?" I asked, continuing to thrust my fingers inside her as my thumb rubbed circles against her clit. "Is she a bitch or something?"
Bailey moaned at my touch and laughed in response to my question at the same time. 
"No, Maria's not a bitch. She's actually very nice, but she's a... a..." she panted huskily. She was unable to hide how turned on she was as my fingers applied pressure to her g-spot. I slowed down my movements inside her so she could focus back on our conversation. But I was not a cruel bastard and continued to rub slow circles against her throbbing clit. 
I looked her in the eyes, waiting for her to continue.
"She's a whale, Theo. I don't even know why she comes here every day. She'll never be thin. She'll never be cute. She should just give up and go home - eat a box of cookies or something." Her head fell back and I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers as she prepared to come. 
"Instead I'm going to have to humor her and set up four training sessions with one of my guys, ultimately wasting their time with a woman who will never pay for a session and will never lose weight. I tell you, my job can be really frustrating some days."
She was right there. Just a few more circles, and a hard thrust or two and she'd be coming all over my fingers. The right thing to do was let her finish. She did just blow me, but her cattiness really pissed me off. She was making harsh assumptions on someone she didn’t even know. It fucking irritated me and I couldn’t bring myself to finish the job.
I stopped moving inside her and slipped my hand out from underneath her skirt.
"Hey," she whined. 
Her words replayed in my head and infuriated me. She didn’t know a thing about my lap girl. In the two months I've observed her in the pool, I've seen her drop a significant amount of weight. Her determination was inspiring and sexy. She was beautiful before and she's beautiful now.
Wait.
Since when the fuck did I think she was sexy?
While we're at it I might as well admit I liked her voice, her giggle was sensual as hell, and I've even rubbed one out a few times to the mental image of her in the lap lanes.
She was my little temptress and she didn’t even know it.
This was it. I'd gone completely mad, and it was safe to say I've developed a crush on the woman in lane one. Listening to Bailey talk trash about her pissed me off. I felt like I was twelve all over again, listening to the first girl who let me touch her boobs tease the dorky red head with glasses that hadn't started developing yet.
Why was I always attracted to crazy bitches?
I walked over to the door, ready to put some much needed distance between Bailey and me, but then stopped and turned to face her. "I changed my mind. Sundays don't work for me anymore and neither do Thursdays. Go find another wealthy businessman who will deal with your pompous bullshit and fuck you."
"You're just going to leave me here? I didn't even come."
"You've got a vibrator in the top draw and you know how to use it. Have fun."
I didn’t even stay to hear her reaction, bursting out the door and leaving the health club with a plump brunette on my mind. The only positive thing that happened in that office, besides fucking a warm mouth, was now I had a first name for my lap girl. 
Maria.
I pictured myself thrusting inside Maria's tight cunt as I came grunting her name.
Fuck! 
These fantasies needed to stop. I needed to find a new woman to replace Bailey before Sunday because I was going to need to work the visual of Maria, spread eagle on my bed, out of my system.

Three

Entry #1587

She's perfect in every way. I've tried to find flaws and when I watch her, like I do every day, I'm waiting for the flaw to appear, but I've only seen perfection. Her new figure is accentuated in the pale yellow dress she wears as I watch her share a laugh with Steven. I want to make her laugh. I want to be the one who puts that ridiculously beautiful smile on her face...

All of that brings me to today.
I'd like to tell you that things got better after that day in Bailey's office. I'd like to tell you that after I found out Miss Ward's morning routine and how long she swam for, my interest in her died out and I was able to focus on the more important things in life. 
I'd tell you all that, but it would be complete bullshit.
I'm not going to go over the next ten months that led me to today. You know, the man standing behind the three-tier towel rack? But I will give you a cliff note version.
Maria continues to swim every day, I continue to stalk her, and she's lost weight. 
A lot more weight. 
My stalking isn't something I'm proud of, but at least I no longer sit in the parking lot waiting for her to arrive. I just make sure to arrive at the same time she does. This means no more morning meetings. Yes, I made my assistant change my meeting schedule so that I could arrive at the health club and leave the health club at the same time Maria does. 
But that's neither here nor there.
I'd swim beside her every day, and every day she mesmerized me. Her strength, her determination, it was all paying off. Day by day she got smaller. Day by day I noticed small changes in her physical appearance and I learned to love her curves. I saw the strength and power that was behind her size. Most importantly, I saw glimpses of the woman who was inside. 
These were all things I never cared to know about a woman. In the past it was all about three things. What did her face look like? What did her body look like? And how was she in bed? If she passed the first two then I gave her a shot on my dick. If she was good in bed, I might be calling her for a second or third round. If she was really good, like fucking amazing, then she got a regular weekly spot.
None of that shit matters anymore.
Let's get to why I'm stalking her from a distance today. It's because of the douche bag in lane two. The prick may not know it yet, and that's probably because his lazy ass never swims in the morning, but lane two is my lane. It's been my lane for the past year. I get that lane so I can swim next to her, but because of a frantic phone call from my mother this morning I showed up at the health club ten minutes late and my lane was gone, and now I'm forced to watch her from behind the towels like a damn predator.
I'm going to fucking kill the bastard in my lane. 
This may be a good time to tell you that the man occupying lane two is Chris, my doctor and closest friend. The asshole who basically told me to start swimming in the first place, and swimming brought on my fascination with Maria, and that fascination turned into an obsession, forever changing my life, routine, and who I fantasize about during sex.
So as you can see I have more than one reason to kill him.
I'm thinking all of this over when the asshole looks up from the water and spots me. I guess I'm not completely hidden by the towel rack like I thought. I can scratch being a detective off my list because I suck at hiding.
When I don't immediately walk over to him he smirks at me funny and then pulls himself out of the pool. He stands in front of her lane and when she swims over to the edge, she stands up to talk to him.
They know each other? How do they know each other?
They talk briefly and then he continues to walk toward me as she begins to swim again.
"How's it going, T?"
Oh yeah, a few of my very close friends call me T. You might want to write that down for future reference.
"Not bad," I reply, glancing at the clock. "What are you doing here at this time of the day? Shouldn't you be cutting into people’s arteries?"
"I don't cut into arteries, I'm not a butcher. I had to give someone a lift today. Her car broke down."
My eyes immediately dart to my girl in lane one. That's right, my girl. He can't fucking have her.
"I didn't know you were fucking around on Molly. What? Is the passion gone ever since you two had a kid?"
"You dick. I would never cheat on my wife. The desire is still there... and we had our daughter almost four years ago. You would know how old she was if you came to any of the parties Molly invites you to."
"I don't do parties when there are kids around. I prefer catching up with you at our weekly golf games."
"Well, you better be there Saturday. It's Alyssa's fourth birthday and you have to be there this time. You missed her party last year."
I laugh at him. "It's not like she's my fucking kid. What am I going to do at a child's birthday party? I love your daughter, that's why I sent her a huge check on her birthday last year."
"You need to be there Saturday because you're her fucking godfather. Molly is starting to think we should pick someone else. You know, change it up because she thinks we made a mistake with you, but you were the one at her baptism and you need to step up as far as godparents go. Kim will be there."
"Fuck Kim," I mumble, dragging my hand through my hair. I glance over at lane one to make sure Maria's still swimming. When I spot her I focus my attention back on Chris. "Maybe if you picked a better godmother for your child then I'd want to be at the birthday party. You know, if something happened to you guys, Kim would be the worst mother. She'd drink all day and would only care about herself."
"And you? What would you do?"
"I'd hire a nanny to be with Alyssa around the clock."
"That's no better, T."
"You didn't let me finish. It would be the best damn nanny there is."
Chris laughs. "She already has the best damn nanny there is. Just be there on Saturday, okay? You can wish Alyssa a happy birthday, say hello to Molly and then go spend the rest of the afternoon with my liquor stash."
I know what he's saying is right. I have been a pretty shitty godparent, but what do I know about God. I wouldn't be able to lead his daughter on the right path. God forbid something did happen to him and I was forced to take over, she'll be going by the name Candy and stripping at a gentlemen's club by sixteen. 
Hell. I'll probably be the one to get her the job.
"I can't make any promises, but I'll try to make it."
"No, you will make it. It's Saturday at two. You better be there."
I reluctantly nod my head and agree before we exchange goodbyes and he heads back to the locker room, permanently freeing my lane so I can swim next to my obsession and gawk at her from the safety of the lane next to hers. 
I force my legs to move as I walk down the length of the pool towards the lap counter. When I reach lane two I dive in before standing up and rinsing my goggles off. It's then that my girl stops at the end of her lane to take a sip of her bottle of water. 
We're only inches apart. Her hair is pulled up in another knot and I'm watching the drops of water trickle down her neck and shoulders. I want to move behind her and lick the drops off her skin.
I need to talk to her. I've wanted to talk to her for the past year, but today the urge is stronger than ever before, all because of that asshole, Chris. How does he even know her?
Before I can come up with a plan and execute it, I blurt out, "Hey."
Her back is towards me and she's wearing a new blue swimsuit instead of the black one. About six months into my stalking the frumpy blue suit became outrageously too big so she started wearing a new black one-piece. The past two months the black suit became so large that at times, and I'm embarrassed to say this, I was able to get a full view of those smaller, but still gorgeously full tits of hers. 
I only ever looked for a brief moment because she'd immediately realize she was exposed and raise the straps of her suit, but underwater, with my goggles on, I was able to enjoy the second or two.
Once she got me so hard I had to run to the locker room and rub one out in the shower.
Like I've said before, I'm pathetic.
She puts her water down and turns hesitantly in my direction. 
"Hi," she whispers shyly. Her big, caramel brown eyes draw me in and I've forgotten everything I've wanted to say to her. We stand in silence for a few seconds, as I'm stunned to silence by her beauty. A few moments later my brain starts to work again and I think of what to say next.
"You know Chris?" I ask.
She looks at me puzzled for a second and then recognition crosses her face. "Oh, Mr. Smith? Yes, I work for him."
Oh, so she must be a nurse at his office. Why the fuck haven't I seen her there before? I would have remembered seeing her there, especially since she's the only fucking image that seems to be floating around in my thoughts lately. I should schedule another appointment with him. I'm due for my yearly and I'll definitely be requesting her to be my nurse. Once she walks into the room I'll lock the door behind her and have her up against the wall screaming my name before she can check my vitals. 
I'm hard just thinking about it.
She's looking at me, her brow wrinkled and her head cocked, most likely waiting to see why I've stopped her workout. Her puzzled expression is cute. I want to brush my hand over her face and relax her eyebrows with my fingertips.
Okay, I need to stop being creepy and say something else.
"I'm sure Chris is a pain in the ass to work for. It's a wonder how his wife can deal with him."
She looks down and chuckles under her breath before looking back up at me under her eyelashes. "Mrs. Smith's a sweetheart. I think their opposite personalities suit each other well. They're an amazing couple."
She speaks of them with such love and affection in her voice that it's almost hard to hear. I want her to speak of me that way, someday. She obviously knows them well and I'm Chris's closest friend, so why haven't I ever met her before?
She interrupts my train of thought. "I hate to be rude but I really need to finish up my swim. It was nice talking to you."
She waves delicately at me and then turns around, taking another sip of her water before slipping underneath the water and swimming her laps.
"You too," I mumble under my breath. I move to pull myself out of the water and then realize I haven't worked out yet. She has my mind racing in a million different directions and I almost forgot to do the one thing that makes me sane.
I submerge myself under the water and swim. Lap after lap I slowly lose myself in the pool, forgetting all about my lap girl and her connection to Chris. It's not until my ninety minutes are over and I'm getting out of the water that I realize she's no longer in the pool. This is the first time she has ever left the water before me. I miss the familiarity of having her in the lane next to me. 
That thought unsettles me.
I walk into the locker room, trying to brush all thoughts of her out of my head so I can get through my day. I have an important meeting this afternoon and I'll need to make a phone call for tonight. It's Thursday and after several months I still haven't found a permanent replacement for Bailey. The different women I bring home aren't working out and although they are sexually satisfying, they leave me desperately wanting more. More than a meaningless connection and an orgasm that lasts a few seconds.
It's gotten so bad that on many occasions I don't even bother finding someone to fill in. I'm constantly canceling on my regular girls during the week as well. When I look back at when this behavior of mine started, it all goes back to Maria. It's her fault and if I don't fuck her soon she'll ruin my entire reputation.
I need her under me so I can get back to my life.

Four

Entry #1591

Another weekend I have to spend away from the health club. That means two whole days without seeing Maria. I've never been this bewitched by a woman before, and the thought terrifies me...

Parking in Chicago on a Saturday is a bitch. It's nearly impossible to find a spot. The people fortunate enough not to have to work on the weekend keep their vehicles parked on the street and walk everywhere so that they don't have to give up their parking spots. I could find a parking garage a few blocks down, but I refuse to entrust my car to the valets and parking garage workers. After driving around for ten minutes I'm lucky enough to catch someone pulling out of their space two brownstones down from Chris's place. I snag the spot before anyone else can and look at the clock.
2:08pm.
"Time to get this over with," I mumble while shutting the car off and slipping out of the front seat. I'm mopey as shit and it's all because I can't get her out of my head. I need to lock myself away with Chris's liquor stash and then maybe go fuck Kim. She may be a bitch but if I pursue her she'll go for it.
At least my dick will get wet. 
It's a mild day in the city. Not warm enough to wear shorts and a t-shirt, but not cold enough for a jacket. Chris lives in one of the richest areas of Lincoln Park and although it's a nice, safe neighborhood to raise Alyssa, it'll never beat my penthouse view of Lake Michigan.
With Alyssa's gift in one hand and a bottle of Molly's favorite wine in the other, I walk up the steps of their large brownstone and ring the doorbell. As I wait for someone to answer I can hear the screams and giggles of all the little ankle biters inside.
This is going to be a long afternoon.
The door swings open and I'm greeted by an out of breath Chris. "Well, I'll be damned. I thought for sure you were going to blow this party off. Come on in."
He steps away from the doorway so I walk through the entryway and into the open space. "You act like I never see your little princess. Have you forgotten that I have tea with her every week?"
"Humoring her in her fantasy play and pretending to have invisible tea with her while we discuss what you'll do with my money every week does not count as quality time," he replies with a smirk. We walk past the entryway, down the long dark hallway and to the large modern kitchen.
"That counts. She loves our tea time together and I can guarantee that if I didn't show up today she wouldn't notice."
"Theo!" Molly squeals from across the kitchen. She makes her way over to me and grabs me around the waist, squeezing me tightly. My hands are filled but I'm able to hug her back before she lets go.
"This is for you, love. When are you going to leave Chris and give me a go around?" I ask her. She loves the way I innocently flirt with her and the bantering pisses Chris off, which is a bonus.
"Oh, stop it, T." She blushes, slapping me across the shoulder but clearly flattered by my comment. She takes the wine and moves back over to the other end of the kitchen to place it in the wine rack above their forty-inch cedar cabinets. 
I glance around the room and see Kim heading over in my direction. I inwardly groan at the thought of having to have a conversation with her. She's the most narcissistic person I know. Just seeing her again is enough reminder of why I dislike her, so I definitely won't try to fuck her tonight.
I swear I can almost hear my dick whimper in protest.
"I can't believe you found the time to fit this party in, Theo. I thought you were too good for us?"
"I'm not too good for them, just you, Kim."
"You wish, Theo."
"No, you wish. I fucked you once, remember? It wasn't worthy of a repeat."
She drags a hand through her bottled red hair. "My lover seems to think I'm worth it. Look at the twenty thousand dollar necklace he just bought me."
I ignore her comment because in typical Kim fashion the conversation has turned to money as her eyes light up with greed. 
"Where is my little rugrat, Chris?" I ask, holding out the gift I bought her for her fourth birthday.
"I have no idea where she is. The kids have been running all over this house, banging into things and getting dirt everywhere. Next year we're having the party at the health club or the zoo because the mess isn't worth it."
He stares off at something behind me before yelling, "Cassie." He signals her over and then brings his eyes back to mine. "Cassie is Alyssa's nanny. She'll bring you to her."
He waits a moment until someone, I'm assuming Cassie, is standing behind me. "Can you take Theo to see Alyssa?" he asks, gesturing in my direction.
"Sure thing, Mr. Smith," she replies.
Wait...
I know that voice. 
I've heard that voice before. It's the most beautiful sound I've ever heard and my pulse races, hoping to hear it again.
It can't be. 
Chris just called her Cassie, but I'm positive Bailey said her name was Maria.
"Cassie, we've been over this a million and one times. Call me Chris."
"Okay," she replies shyly and I turn around to see the woman behind that voice, wondering if my ears have deceived me. 
She's standing less than a foot in front of me wearing a sleeveless pink, tea length dress that's form fitting on top, hugging the curves of her breasts perfectly and squeezing her snuggly at the waist before puffing out on the bottom. Her dark brown hair is down and draped over one shoulder, exposing one side of her neck. I look her over, my eyes trailing over every inch of her body and suddenly her words come back to me.
Oh, Mr. Smith? Yes, I work for him.
I assumed she meant as a nurse for his practice. I never thought she meant she worked in his home... with my goddaughter. If I had known that I would have made regular appearances here. I've been dying to see her outside of the pool, and all this time she was right under my nose, working for my closest friend.
My eyes trail down and linger on her exposed legs that are soft but toned, and I'm dying for my hands to slide up those legs and under her dress. She's wearing a pair of ballet flats on her feet, and although I wish they were stilettos, she still looks stunning. All that hard work and dedication has really transformed her body and I'm dying to worship every inch of it.
My eyes continue to drift over her body until I hear Chris cough behind me.
"Cassie is a beloved member of my family, Theo," he whispers from behind me so only I can hear. "She's off limits."
I nod my head slightly so that he knows I've heard every word and then I focus my attention back on her face. She's looking up at me with those eyes of hers that I could disappear in while her cheeks flush in embarrassment, probably because I've spent an entirely long amount of time looking her over.
"Shall I bring you to Alyssa?" she asks me.
"Yes, please, and thank you."
She turns to leave the room and it takes me a few seconds to follow because my eyes can't seem to focus on anything but her body. Eventually my brain catches up and we leave the kitchen and make our way down the hallway before climbing up the stairs to the second floor. With every step she takes I focus on her backside as it sways subtly from side to side.
Why did Chris have to say she was off limits? He knows me better than anyone so he should know that making her off limits will only tempt me more.
We pass a few doors before walking into the large, open loft that overlooks part of the first floor. Sitting on a pink chair covered in balloons is the birthday girl. She's smiling from ear to ear while watching a handful of children jumping in a ball pit that's off in the corner of the loft.
The room fills with the sound of her laughter. She's giggling as one of the boys tries to hit her with the plastic ball. Her eyes close as her head tilts back and I watch the blond ringlets of her hair fall against her back. She lifts her head back up and opens her eyes. It's then that she spots me.
"Uncle Theo," she shouts, jumping out of her chair and running in my direction. Her pink party dress makes a rustling noise as the tulle underneath swishes with each step. I hold out my arms as she jumps into them and wraps her tiny arms around my neck, holding me tightly.
"Happy birthday, princess," I declare adoringly.
"Thanks," she replies as she lets go and I set her back down on the floor. Looking up at me with her bright blue eyes that she gets from her mother she says, "I'm four now."
"I know. You're almost an adult," I reply, humoring her.
"Do you like my dress?" she asks, spinning around in a circle so I can see the entire thing. It takes me a second but I quickly realize that she is wearing an almost identical dress to Cassie. The only difference is that her dress has tulle underneath and Cassie’s doesn't. I look down at her feet and she's wearing identical ballet flats to Cassie's, too.
Out of the corner of my eye I catch Cassie smiling down at Alyssa as she continues to turn herself in circles, making herself dizzy in the process. Eventually she slows down and tumbles to the floor.
"Whoa, my head feels funny."
I stand over her, looking down as she lies on the floor on her back. "If you're not feeling well maybe I should give your gift to another little girl at the party."
Her eyes grow big and she quickly sits up and then pushes herself to her feet. "Oh no, Uncle Theo. I feel great and I want my gift."
She grabs the package out of my hand and places it on the ground. In a matter of seconds there is wrapping paper everywhere, a torn lid to the box she just ripped open, and tissue paper all over the ground as she looks in the box, speechless as to what's inside.
"This is the exact doll I wanted!" she exclaims and then looks up at me. "I told mommy you were going to get me her but she told me not to get my hopes up. But I told her you would. I just told her."
I smile down at her, a genuine smile because it's hard not to be happy when I'm around this little girl. It's every other child in the world that annoys the shit out of me, but Alyssa is perfect. I'd do anything for her, and that includes walking into the most well-known and expensive doll store in the world and picking out the doll she wanted. She asked me for this doll the last several times we had fake tea together in my office. 
"There's also an invitation in there. Do you want me to read it?"
She looks around until she finds the red and pink card and then stands up, placing it in my hand.
"Please," she replies.
I open the card. "You and your new doll are cordially invited to have tea and brunch with Uncle Theo next Friday in the Garden Room. A shopping spree for all your favorite doll essentials to follow-"
I'm unable to finish reading because she is jumping on me and screaming her gratitude in my ear. I squeeze her back and kiss her on the top of her head before setting her back down.
Like any typical child she quickly forgets about me and goes off running to her friends to show off her new doll, leaving me alone with Cassie who has been quiet this entire time.
"That was really sweet of you. Molly didn't think you were going to pull through and get it for her."
That really pisses me off because although I don't show up to a majority of the parties at their house, I've never let down Alyssa, not once. Even last year when I knew I wasn't going to make her third birthday party, but I couldn't tell anyone why, I took Alyssa out for ice cream and broke it to her that I wasn't going to be able to make it. I let Chris and Molly believe I blew off the party because I didn't want them to know the real reason I wasn't going to be there.
I turn to face Cassie, prepared to defend myself but she's looking at me with those eyes and I lose my train of thought. She's wearing very little make-up and it lets me admire the natural beauty she is. I can barely catch my breath looking at her.
I feel like I just ran a marathon
I inhale deeply before speaking. "A promise is a promise and I'll never break a promise to that little girl."
"Yeah, Alyssa said that to Molly, too. It seems Alyssa knows you better than they do."
That's probably true.
"So," I say, looking her up and down. "What's with the matching dresses? Don't get me wrong, you look incredible, but I thought only the birthday girl got to wear pink today."
She rolls her eyes but is unable to hide the slight smile that pulls at the corner of her mouth. "Alyssa insisted we match since I'm her best friend."
"You're best friends with a four-year-old?"
"Alyssa's four going on thirty and yes, I'm proud to say I'm best friends with a four-year-old. She has all the qualities someone needs in a best friends. She makes me laugh, listens to me, and is loyal."
I laugh. "She listens to you because you're her nanny and she's loyal because all children are loyal to the adults in their life, even if some adults don't deserve it. It's beautiful and heartbreaking at the same time."
She nods her head in agreement at my words, seriously considering everything I just said. "Yes, but she's still my best friend and if she wants me to wear a matching outfit with her on her birthday, then I'll wear a matching outfit with her on her birthday."
If possible, I think I like her even more.
This is the first conversation I've ever had with Cassie and I don't want it to stop, but for the first time, possibly ever, I don't know what to say. I'm great at talking to women. I know how to read them, read their body language and say the right thing, but I can't read her and I know if I don't say something soon to break this awkward silence between us she'll walk away.
"I think you've just found some competition. Maybe I need a four-year-old as a best friend too. I'll have to up my game with Alyssa to win her over."
"When I say it, it's sweet; when you say it you sound like a potential sex offender. No grown man should be best friends with a four-year-old girl," she jokes.
"Good point. You win, I'll just have to stick with being her favorite uncle."
The kids continue to jump in the ball pit and Alyssa has abandoned her doll and joined the other kids in the pit. Balls are being tossed and kids are burying themselves until only a hand or foot can be seen above the rubble. 
Without being too obvious I shift on my feet from side to side until I'm much closer to Cassie and our arms graze each other.
"Can I ask you something?" I blurt out suddenly.
"Go ahead."
"I don't know if you recognize me, but I recognized you right away. You swim at the health club I attend and this may sound invasive, or creepy, but I have to know. Bailey, who's a member service representative at the club, she told me your name was Maria, but Chris called you Cassie. Which is it?"
She looks down at her feet before looking back up at me, biting her lip. "I didn't know you even knew my name. Of course I recognize you from the club, you swim next to me almost every day. Umm... my legal name is Maria, which must be why Bailey called me that, but everyone calls me Cassie."
"Everyone?"
"Everyone who's close to me. Bailey doesn't even look me in the eyes when she talks to me. She's too hung up on herself and the latest fads, but I definitely told her I go by the name Cassie."
"Why Cassie and not Maria?"
"Listen, I don't know you very well, or actually at all, except for the few things Chris has said about you in passing. Although, I didn't know the Theo he talked about and the guy I swim next to is the same person. I'm not going to go into detail, but I go by Cassie because that's the name I choose to go by."
Her response is not at all what I expect and instead of satisfying me, it makes me want to know more about her. I watch her take a deep breath as her chest expands and her tits stretch the material of her dress. Fuck me, those tits. Even with all that weight loss they're still large, round, and what I would give to lower the top of her dress and feast on them right now.
Shit. I need to get it together.
The kids are still playing in the ball pit and Alyssa has forgotten about us as she continues to jump in the balls in her pink dress. I nudge Cassie's shoulder to get her attention.
"Want to sit down? Chris's study is down the hall and we can raid his liquor selection."
She stops watching the children and brings her attention back to me. "I work here, remember? I know where Mr. Smith's study is... and I don't really drink."
She doesn't drink? How am I supposed to get her comfortable with the idea of letting me fuck her in one of the abandoned rooms if I can't even get a shot or two of tequila in her?
"Okay, no alcohol but we can talk. Get to know each other."
She watches me hesitantly, but then nods in agreement before turning around and walking down the hallway, leading the way to Chris's study. 
We walk into the large room, bypassing the desk and bookshelf and going directly to the large leather couch in the corner. She waits for me to sit down and when I do she sits at the opposite end of the couch, with her feet on the ground and her hands clasped together in her lap.
She looks nervous and for the first time I can actually read her body language. Her perfect posture and the fact that she sits so far away from me proves how unsettled she is. But is she just a nervous person or is she nervous to be alone with me? That I'm not sure of.
I turn to face her on the couch, getting comfortable by leaving one leg on the ground and bending my other leg and placing my foot on my knee. I want to make her comfortable, too, and I know the only way to do that is to show her that I'm a nice guy who really does want to get to know her, and not just get in her pants. I ask her the same thing I asked her in the loft.
"Now that we're alone and have some time, why do you go by Cassie?"
Her arms tense and she squeezes her hands together tightly in her lap. "Why do you want to know so badly?"
"Just curious. I'd like to get to know you and Maria is a beautiful name so it's interesting to me that you would decide to go by something else instead."
"Cassandra is my middle name. It's actually very popular in the south for women to go by their middle names."
"Yes, but we're not in the south. We're in Chicago."
She takes another deep breath and it takes all my inner strength to focus on her eyes and not look down at her breasts.
"When I was just a few days old, my birth mother dropped me off at a convent in Wisconsin and left me with the nuns. When we first arrived the sisters immediately took us in and convinced my mother to stay the night and sleep on her decision. They felt like after a good night sleep my mother might change her mind and realize that children are God's precious gifts to the world."
"And did she? Did she change her mind?"
"I don't know. I'll never know. The next morning when they went into her room she was dead. The coroner ruled it a drug overdose. She had so many prescription and recreational drugs in her system on top of a lethal amount of cocaine. The nuns never checked her purse before giving her the room. She did a couple lines right there in the convent, but with all the track marks on her arms it seemed cocaine wasn't her only drug of choice. She had been an addict for a while. 
"I was only a few days old so the nuns were worried for me as well. I was screaming and crying all day, I wouldn't drink the bottles they made for me and when I started to convulse they called an ambulance and I was rushed to the hospital. Turns out I was a newborn baby addicted to cocaine, heroin and meth. She never stopped taking drugs the entire pregnancy and she breast-fed me to save money so I was getting the drugs from her breast milk. Wherever we lived those first few days added to the addiction because she was cooking the meth where we lived. The hospital could tell by the fact that my skin and clothing were saturated in it."
"That's fucked up," I whisper, interrupting her story.
"Yeah, you're telling me. I stayed in the hospital for weeks and then the nuns continued to take care of me under strict doctor's orders. They gave me great medical attention at the convent. It took months and months to get me clean and by the time I was no longer addicted and considered healthy, I was almost a year old.
"The nuns couldn't keep me nameless for a year so they named me Maria Cassandra Ward. I was named Maria after Saint Maria. She was the pagan saint of... the youth, or children, or parentless. God, I can't remember but I don't believe that story anyway."
She turns to face me, more comfortable after telling me a little bit about herself. 
"You see, I must have seen The Sound of Music a thousand times as a kid because it was Sister Cassandra's favorite movie. She can say I was named after Saint Maria all she wants, but I believe I was named after Maria Von Trapp. 
"I was given Cassandra as my middle name after the sister who took care of me. Sister Cassandra was like a mother to me, especially because I was never adopted. I was in foster care my entire childhood so I would go from foster home to foster home, only able to stay at the convent during the times I didn't have a foster home to go to."
She looks down at her hands with sadness, but then looks up at me, masking her true feelings. "I won't bore you with the details, but at some point Maria was not the name I wanted to hear come out of people's mouths so I started going by Cassandra, and eventually Cassie. I plan on legally changing it. I've just been too lazy to go down to the social security office to get it fixed."
I'm stunned silent by all the admissions she just told me in that brief story. Although I feel like I know her well due to my fascination with her this past year, she barely knows me but was still able to share that personal story from her childhood.
I want to break the somber mood she's in so I resort to humor. It's what I do best. "Surrounded by a bunch of virgin women growing up is a man's dream. Do you still go back to the convent from time to time? Maybe I can come with you and try to seduce a few women to leave Jesus and try me out."
She smiles and no matter what happens next, it's worth it because I was able to bring a smile to her face.
"The sister's are married to Jesus. They won't just give that up because a man comes in and offers them his... well, you know," she says, gesturing to my pants.
"Umm, no I don't know." 
"Because a man comes in offering his..."
Her blush is almost too much to take. She's embarrassed at where this conversation has turned.
"His... I can't believe you're going to make me say it. His... dick."
Holy shit. I don't know if it's the blush that has spread over her face, or hearing her soft voice say that four letter word, but now my dick is hard and aching to be touched.
Before I say anything stupid and jeopardize the leeway I've made with her here today, I stand up and try to discreetly adjust myself in my slacks. She catches me and I can't help the words that fall out of my mouth.
"I wouldn't have wanted a nun anyway. Although I'm sure I would have been able to convince them to sleep with me, I'm also sure that would guarantee me a seat in hell. Plus, I'm trying to focus my attention on one woman right now, but she's making it really hard to focus right now." I look down at the bulge in my slacks and then back up at her, but she's focused on the bulge in my pants as well. 
I want to ask her to sort this out since she's the reason I'm hard, but for the first time ever I don't want to risk scaring a woman away. She doesn't seem like the type of woman who would enjoy my sexual comments or me using her body for sex. She needs to be fluffed, nurtured, and treasured before I strip her naked and ravish every inch of her body.
The strain in my pants tightens and I need to find a reason to walk away.
"I'm going to make a phone call and then go find Chris. Meet you downstairs?" I ask her.
Her eyes drift to meet mine and she nods her head in response. I quickly walk out of the room and head up the next flight of stairs to the third floor. I find the hallway bathroom and walk in, locking the door behind me.
My pants are unzipped, and my fist is around my cock in seconds as I try to alleviate the pressure in my cock. I picture Cassie in that dress, then I picture myself ripping that dress off of her, spreading her legs and pushing my cock inside her hot, tight cunt. As I imagine her tight pussy squeezing my cock I come all over my hand, relieving some of the built-up tension, but not fully satisfying the need I have for her. 

***
The rest of the party is rather uneventful. I'm unable to get any more alone time with Cassie, Kim was a pain in the ass like normal, and the only people I could stand to be around were Chris, Molly, and Alyssa, but Alyssa fell asleep on the sofa next to me thirty minutes ago. Cassie picked her up and brought her upstairs to her bedroom and hasn't come down since. 
The only reason I'm still hanging around this party is in hope that I get one more chance to talk to Cassie. I've already texted Jenny and canceled on her tonight. I thought she'd be pissed but it seems she's used to me canceling our Saturday nights recently. 
We're all sitting in the large living room. Michael, Chris's brother, is in the recliner, Chris is on one end of the couch as Molly and Eileen, Michael's wife, sit huddled together drinking wine and gossiping I'm sure. I'm sitting on the love seat and listening to Michael talk about the boring case he's been working on for some biohazard company and I want to stab myself in the ear just so I don't have to listen to any more of this. I'm about to interrupt the conversation and change the subject when Cassie walks back in the room. She waits for Michael to finish his story before speaking.
"Alyssa's in bed and I cleaned up the loft. If it's alright with you, Chris, I'm going to head out."
She can't leave. Not yet.
"Don't leave," Molly practically shouts and I'm thankful not to be the only one wanting her to stay. "I was just waiting for you to come down to ask you to join our bridge game. Chris has to go with Michael to the office, but since it seems like Theo is sticking around, the four of us could play."
Cassie looks to me, then to Eileen and Molly, and I can tell she wants to respectfully decline the invitation, and as much as I don't want to play bridge because it reminds me of when I was a kid and my mother would have bridge nights at the house, I can't refuse because I really don't want to give Cassie the chance to leave.
"Come on, Cassie, it'll be fun," I say, standing up from the love seat. 
"I've never played before."
"That's fine. You can be my partner. I'll explain the basics while Molly sets up."
Molly sets her glass of wine down on the glass coffee table and stands up from the sofa. "That's not how to play, Theo. You're already teaching her wrong. We draw for partners."
"I think we can make an exception this one time," I reply. Michael and Chris have already left the room and I'm already plotting ways to get Cassie alone.
I loosely grab Cassie by the elbow and direct her out of the room so I can explain the rules to her. Once we make it into the hallway I stop walking and turn around to face her. We're standing much closer than I intended to, but I lean in anyway.
"Bridge is easy once you get the hang of it, but it takes a while to learn the rules. If at any point you get confused let me know and I'll make up some excuse to pause the game so I can explain it to you."
"Why can't I just whisper my questions in your ear?"
"Because we're partners, Cassie. We won't be sitting next to each other- we'll be sitting across from each other at the card table."
Her shoulders slump and she pouts slightly before realizing her mistake and standing back up tall. She almost seems disappointed that we won't be sitting by each other.
"Molly will most likely deal. I'll sit to the left of her so that I go first and you can see what I do. Eileen will go second and then you'll go third. The four suits are ranked during bidding but not during play, unless we name a trump suit in play. Spades are highest, and then hearts, diamonds, and clubs are the lowest. The object is to win tricks for our side-"
She lifts her hand up and places it over my mouth so I'll stop babbling and I have the sudden desire to open my lips and suck her delicate fingers into my mouth. 
"You've lost me. Tricks, bidding, play... I have no idea what any of this means. Maybe I shouldn't play."
I raise my hand up and gently grab her wrist, pulling her hand away from my mouth, but instead of letting go I intertwine our fingers together and rest them by my side, slightly pulling her closer to me. 
She gasps. Her breathing changes to short erratic breaths as she looks up at me, waiting to see what I'll say next.
Fuck, she looks so tempting right now.
"You're going to play and you'll do well. I'll be there every step of the way. You'll learn that I don't like to lose so you'll have to play well."
I wink at her and give her hand a squeeze before releasing it and heading back into the living room with her following behind me. It took everything I had not to lean in and kiss her plump lips when she innocently looked up at me with her big, brown eyes.
 Molly has already set up the card table and she's sitting across from Eileen as she pulls the deck from the card box, shuffling the cards inside.
"How did the lesson go?" she asks, taking a sip of wine.
"Like I'd tell you our strategies," I reply cockily. 
I reach the chair on the right of Molly and pull it out before making a gesture for Cassie to sit down. She smiles at me and sits before I push her in gently. I move my hands and grasp her shoulders, giving her a small squeeze of encouragement before letting go.
Honestly, I just wanted another excuse to touch her.
 Making my way over to the kitchen, I spot a half empty bottle of scotch from Chris's study sitting on the countertop. I pour myself a glass on the rocks and walk back over to the living room, sitting down in the empty chair across from Cassie. She's watching my every move so I watch her in return. I figure if she's allowed to openly gawk at me, then I'm allowed to gawk at her, too.
Molly offers Cassie a glass of wine before we start but she declines. Then the game starts. After an hour of what can only be called the worst game of bridge ever played, Cassie and I take our fourth break and she meets me out in the hallway.
"I'm not getting a hang of this and, quite frankly, I'm not having any fun," she pouts.
"Bridge isn't fun. It's a game that bored housewives play so that they can socialize and gossip. At least that's my experience with it."
She giggles. "You're neither a bored housewife nor a gossip, so how come you play?"
I'm trying to focus on our conversation but every time her lips move I'm drawn to them and what they would feel like against my lips, or around my cock. I distract myself by repeating what Chris said.
She's off limits.
"I don't play. I only know how to play because of my mother and her friends."
"Why did you agree to play tonight then?"
I answer her as honestly as I possibly can without giving away how much I want her. "I wasn't ready to leave."
She smiles and starts to say something but we're interrupted as Molly walks down the hallway in our direction. I pull Cassie closer to me, her chest against mine, and whisper in her ear, "I have no strategies. I think we're done for, but let's pretend we're huddled here, coming up with an elaborate way to win the next hand."
"Oh, now I get it, we'll totally win if we do that," she replies loudly, almost shouting and I can't help laughing at her horrible acting skills.
"Hurry it up, you two. I don't want this game to last all night," Molly says from behind me. She then turns and walks back into the living room, leaving Cassie and me alone.
I've never felt this kind of attraction to anyone before in my life. It's impossible to explain, but as we stand huddled my whole body, inside and out, is drawn to her. 
"Think she bought it, Theo?"
"No, she knows they've won."
With me leaning over in this position, our heads are close together and our lips are just inches apart. She hasn't made any effort to move away from me and I find myself enticed by her lips. Her full, pink lips that are parted, breathing irregular breaths onto my skin. I look back up at her and her eyes are focused on my lips as well. She sucks her lip between her teeth and then bites down gently and I can't control what happens next.
I know I was going to wait. I know what I promised Chris, but Chris doesn't know what the last year has been like for me.
I step forward, pushing her up against the wall behind her. My hands go to her waist, grabbing onto the material of her dress as I lean down and my lips connect with hers. 
Fuck, she feels good. Her lips are soft, warm, and fit perfectly against my lips. After a few seconds of connection, she starts to move her mouth with mine. Each brush of her lips is reluctant, but her desire for me takes over, as our kiss turns urgent. 
Her arousal is such a turn on. Every time her lips move with mine it feels fucking incredible. 
My hands move from her hips and glide across her torso, wrapping around her waist until they lower to the round, soft mounds of her ass. I hold her tightly, squeezing her desirable cheeks in my hands as my lips open and she moans into my mouth, encouraging me to keep going. My tongue moves to dance with hers and she tastes like fucking honey. Her hands move up to the back of my head as she grips my hair, pulling it as she moans in approval. 
Our kiss is so powerful, so magnetic, that I forget where I am and that it's completely inappropriate to be mauling her in her employer's hallway, but I don't give a shit. I want her, I've wanted her for months and I'm not going to let anything get in the way of having her. I've earned it, dammit.
I use her ass to pull myself into her, grinding my hips against her so she can feel how she affects me. So she can feel just what I want to do with her. Instinctively, she wraps her legs around my waist, straddling my dick and I growl when my hard erection makes contact with her core.
I need to touch her; I need to know she's affected just as much as I am.
As our tongues continue to taste each other, the palms of my hands squeeze her ass one more time before sliding down her body to the edge of her dress. I slip them underneath until my hands are on the back of her thighs and then I slowly slide my fingers up her legs in order to reach their destination, but as soon as I'm about to reach the edge of her panties, she stops kissing me. Her grip loosens from my hair and then her hands are on my chest, pushing me away. 
I stumble and fall backward, surprised by the force behind her push. Her legs touch the ground and her hands are on her knees as she pants, trying to catch her breath from our kiss. I'm a little out of breath, too, but I'm more shocked than anything. She was into it. She was really fucking into it, so why the fuck did she stop?
She moves to stand up straight and then adjusts her dress slightly. "I'm sorry," she apologizes. "That got... out of hand and it was my fault."
"I'm okay with you wanting to get out of hand, in fact I encourage it." I move to step closer to her but she puts her hands up in an attempt to stop me.
"That won't be happening again. I'm sorry I encouraged you. Let's just go back and finish the game." She moves to walk past me and I let her, completely confused about what the fuck just happened. I've never been turned down after a kiss.
Her rejection only makes me want to conquer her more.
I follow her into the living room, watching the ass that I just had my hands on walk in front of me. She's fixing her hair from our rumble and brushing it off to the side again to expose her neck. 
I can't be here anymore. If I stay I might do something stupid because all I can imagine right now is fucking her until she can't walk. Watching her apologize for pushing me away as she's on her hands and knees begging me to fuck her. So there is no way I can finish this game of bridge.
Molly and Eileen are already seated and when Cassie sits down in her chair and looks up at me with guilty eyes, I know I have to go.
"Ladies, I hate to call it a night but I have a big meeting in the morning." I bend down, moving in to give Molly a kiss on the cheek and then I say goodbye to Eileen and Cassie.
"You have a meeting on a Sunday, Theo?" Molly asks, obviously confused by my sudden need to leave.
"There are no days off in my line of work," I reply, winking at her. "Tell the little rugrat I'll pick her up on Friday."
I look over at Cassie one more time before leaving, hoping I'll be able to read her mood better, but her head is down so I'm unable to read her emotions. Letting my feet lead me, I turn around and walk out of the brownstone. 
I need to forget this night, forget the sting of rejection, and come up with some kind of plan to win her over the next time I see her.  I need to get to know her better, I need to talk to her more, and I definitely need to feel her lips on mine again.

Five

Entry #1593

I can't recall ever meeting a person so warm. I'm not just talking physically warm. I'm talking internally warm. It's like I could feel the warmth of her soul pouring out of her and I'm dying to get wrapped in its heat.
For the first time I feel like my life is not exactly where it should be, and I'm embarrassed at the man I've become. 
I spent my entire Sunday evening playing Phil Collins albums and writing draft after draft of an apology letter to the woman I'm infatuated with. Thankfully, after the sixth glass of bourbon, I came to my senses and threw every letter out.

The rest of my weekend sucked. Sunday with my parents was dreadful and included them telling me how disappointed they are with my life choices. The only reason I still put up with their bullshit is because my grandmother doesn't have much time left and if I avoided Sundays with my parents then I'd never get to see her. My father makes sure of that.
By the time I got home Sunday evening I was exhausted. I could've used a good lay right then, but since I still didn't have a replacement for Bailey, and didn't feel like fucking one of the hundreds of women I have in my phone, I was shit out of luck. I went to bed with my hand, something I was getting used to recently, and tried not to think about Cassie.
Which only lasted a couple of minutes before I was jerking off to the memory of her body pressed against mine.
But today I woke up a little brighter because today I get to see Cassie.
I sound like a fucking chump, but I don't give a shit anymore. After spending Saturday with her, I want to get to know her better. I want to know more about her childhood and what it was like, I want to know what made her become a nanny, I want to know how many boyfriends she's had in the past so I can hunt each one down and beat the shit out of them.
I know it's not rational and I've never given a shit about a woman's previous conquests, but I care about Cassie's. Just the thought of another man touching her makes me see red.
I pull up to the health club a little earlier than normal and shut off my car. I haven't had much time to contemplate what exactly I'll say to her today, but after everything that happened Saturday I have to talk to her. I obviously scared her off in the hallway with how aggressive I was with our kiss. I want to make sure she knows I can be gentle and take things slow, and that I actually like her and want to see her again.
These feelings are all new to me so I need to be careful not to say too much. I don't want to give her the wrong idea and risk hurting her. I might like her and want to try things out with her, but I'm not naive enough to believe that I can actually have a real, long-standing relationship. It's just not in the cards for me.
After saying hello to Steven and then changing in the men's locker room, I head over to the pool. The place is empty and every lane is available to me. I walk to the edge of the pool and slide into lane two, leaving lane one open for when Cassie arrives, which should be any moment now. 
The water feels too inviting so I start my warm-up laps, letting my body enjoy the feel of the water. One Republic is playing over the stereo system as I set my warm-up pace to their song Counting Stars. It's not long before I can sense her presence. I finish my lap, swimming over to the edge of the pool and standing up just in time to see her slide into lane one. Her back is towards me as she pulls her long hair into a knot on top of her head and wets her goggles. 
"Hey, stranger," I call out confidently, letting her know that I'm in the lane next to her. "Crazy meeting you here."
What the fuck? It's official. I'm officially one of those pussy whipped men I always make fun of because they grew a vagina where their dick should be. It wouldn't be so bad if I was at least getting to fill her pussy with my cock.
She turns around slowly and I can see how unsure she is to talk to me. 
"Hi," she replies cautiously. 
"Did you have a nice rest of the weekend?"
She's looking at me confused as she responds, "It was okay."
I ignore the questioning look she's giving me and continue on, "Yeah, mine sucked. I was with my family all day yesterday and all I could think about was coming here this morning. I couldn't wait for the possibility of seeing you again."
A slow grin starts to spread across her face but she promptly hides it by biting down on her lip before she slides it between her teeth.
Damn, that's sexy. How am I supposed to think with anything but my dick when her lips are practically calling to me?
"Well, I'm here, like I am every day." She places the goggles on her head and then takes a sip of her water before placing it back down on the ledge.
She's guarded and it's obvious she wants to be anywhere but here, beside me. I can't lose her; I mean, I can't lose the possibility of her.
Pulling my goggles off, I toss them on the ledge and dip myself under the cool water, swimming under the floating markers so that I'm in lane one with her. Cassie's back is still facing me so I stand up and hover over her from behind, dipping my head to whisper in her ear. 
"I thought you would be here, that's why I couldn't wait to swim today. I can't stop thinking of you... in that dress." I slip my arms around her waist and lay my palms flat against her stomach. Her body leans back into me, encouraging me to continue. I can't believe she's encouraging me to continue, but I'm not going to question it. That would be fucking foolish. I'll just keep going until she makes me stop. I don't care that we're at the health club and anyone can walk into the pool area.
"You looked so beautiful. I've wanted you for months, but seeing you at that party... in that dress... with your big, brown eyes and kissable lips, I knew I had to have you."
I lower my mouth and kiss her right below her ear as I slide my hands over her torso. She doesn't speak, but she doesn't stop me either, so I continue to kiss her, trailing open mouth kisses down her neck. She leans her head back on my shoulder, inviting me to continue my assault on her skin, so I do. My lips move down to the base of her neck and I suck the delicate flesh between my lips, tasting her with my tongue before kissing back up her neck until I reach her earlobe.
"Then in the hallway. Fuck, Cassie, that was so hot. I only wish we had been somewhere more private so we could continue what we started. I wanted to feel you around me. I wanted to feel how wet I made you."
My right hand leaves her stomach and slowly trails down her body and underneath the water. She's not stopping me- she spreads her legs ever so slightly, daring me to continue, so I slip my hand between her thighs and cup her, rubbing my palm back and forth against her pussy. Her legs start to give out as she whimpers, making my dick impossibly harder. I thrust my hips into her lower back so she can feel my intense, primal need for her.
I'm about to move my hand and slip it under her swimsuit when she raises her arms, lifting them up behind my neck, arching her back and pushing her ample breasts out. My body changes course and instead of stroking her clit, I massage my way back up until my hands are cupping her ample breasts. Her nipples stiffen gloriously, and I had to feel them bare, pull on them until she's so filled with lust she can't help but attack me.
I slip my hand under the blue material of her suit and squeeze her firm tits, finally skin to skin. My thumb grazes her nipple which causes her luscious ass to grind into me as she groans huskily, "More... I need more."
I knew she felt it, too. I've awakened the beast inside her and I want her to submit to every touch, every kiss I give her.
I pull on her nipple as I whisper in her ear, "God, you’re absolutely intoxicating. You're so responsive. Are you wet for me, Cassie? Is your pussy trembling, waiting for me to give it some attention?"
I keep playing with her nipples, switching back and forth between her beautiful tits. My other hand slowly trails back down her stomach to give her cunt the attention it deserves.
"Yes," she moans, continuing to push her tits out at me, encouraging me to continue. 
I've forgotten all about where we are, and that I'd much rather be in the privacy of my bedroom. All my lust-filled mind can focus on is Cassie. I move her quickly with my body until we're against the wall of her lane. Lifting her gently with my knee, I tell her to hold on to the ledge of the pool. She silently listens, her palms holding onto the ledge as I thrust my hips into her ass.
"That feels... you're so..."
"I know, baby. Imagine it inside you, fulfilling your every desire."
I continue my thrusts as my hand lowers to the apex of her thighs. As much as I love going slow, I might die if I don't feel her come around me. My fingers tease her softly before I slowly slip a finger under the material of her swimsuit, my fingertip sliding across the smooth skin of her mound and finding her wet, throbbing clit.
I could come right now and she hasn't even touched me.
Just as I'm about to awaken her orgasm with my fingers, she aggressively pulls my hands away from her body, pushing me away from her with her backside. She turns around, slips her goggles over her eyes and then pushes off the wall. I look after her stunned as I realize she’s swimming. She's started her workout and is blatantly ignoring me, the man that just had his hand between her thighs.
God, she is the most confusing woman I have ever met. She was into it. The way she leaned into me, opened her body up for me, and the noises that escaped her lips... she was definitely into it. So why did she stop?
She's swimming back in my direction so I dip under the water and move back to my lane. If she's going to ignore me and get her workout in then I'll do the same, but she will talk to me afterwards. I'll make sure of it.  
I'm prepared to swim the full three hours this morning. While I like my normal ninety minutes, Cassie swims much longer. I was smart enough to cancel any meetings I had later this morning and move everything to the afternoon. 
I'm surprised that after only an hour in the water Cassie is pulling herself out of the pool, grabbing her water bottle, and making her way into the women's locker room. 
Oh, hell no. She's not leaving here without talking to me first.
I pull myself out of the water and rush inside the locker room, skipping the sauna and taking a thirty second shower before dressing and walking out into the lobby. Steven is rustling through some paperwork on the countertops when I interrupt him.
"Has Cass- I mean, has Miss Ward been through here?"
He throws me a puzzled look before recognition takes over his face.
"No, sir, I believe Miss Ward is still inside. Would you like me to check for you, sir?"
As he finishes his question I see Cassie walking towards us from the corner of my eye. "No need," I reply and walk towards her. She doesn't stop for me, in fact she ignores me as she waves goodbye to Steven and walks out the front entrance. I keep pace with her as she walks towards her car.
"We need to talk."
"Now's not a good time," she huffs. "If I don't leave now I'm going to be late."
She continues to her car and opens the driver side door, throwing her bag in the passenger seat and then slipping inside. Her hand grabs the handle of the door to shut it, but I grab onto the top of the door stopping her from closing it.
"This will only take a minute, Cassie."
Ignoring me she puts her key in the ignition and turns it as she speaks. 
"I don't have a minute. We can talk another time."
She looks so sexy when she's mad. Her hair is wet and she's wearing no make-up, but I've never seen a woman more naturally beautiful than Cassie is.
Her car doesn't start, it doesn't even sputter as she continues to turn the key in the ignition. I watch as her hand hits the steering wheel in frustration before she tries to start the car again.
"This is not happening," she mutters frustrated.
 I release the door from my grip before taking a step back to let her out of the car. She walks around to the hood and pops it open before looking inside.
"Do you even know what you're looking for?" I ask her. I'd be shocked and incredibly turned on if she knew anything about cars.
"No, but I was hoping the problem would be obvious."
I walk over to her and look inside. Everything looks pretty old. Parts are rusted over and the battery is corroded. Since the engine wouldn't even turn over, my first guess would be her battery is dead, but since my knowledge on cars this old is nonexistent, I can't be sure.
"I have jumper cables in my car. I'll pull up and we'll try to jump it."
Several minutes later and a few frustrated tears from Cassie, her car still won't start. The problem is definitely not the battery.
"Why don't I call a tow truck and have him bring it into my buddy’s shop. He'll be able to tell us what's wrong with it and fix it."
"I... umm... crap." She looks down at her watch and then looks back up at me. "I don't have time. I'm supposed to go grocery shopping before picking up Alyssa. She has an early release at the pre-school this morning because Molly wouldn't allow her to go on the class fieldtrip."
I laugh. "Yes, Molly. Ever the protective one."
"Yes, she is, and now I have to call her to tell her I won't make it to pick up Alyssa. Darn it, I just got this car fixed, too!"
I walk over to the passenger side of my car and open the door before looking back at Cassie. "Get in."
"What?"
"Get in. You'll call the tow company from the road and tell them where to pick up your car. I'll drive you to the store and we'll get the groceries you need before we pick up Alyssa and then I'll drive you both back to the house."
When she doesn't move immediately, I reach in my back pocket and pull out my wallet. When I find my buddy’s business card I pull it out and hand it over to her. 
"Here's the information to give the tow company so they know where to drop off the car. My buddy, Miguel, will hook you up."
She looks devastatingly beautiful, yet completely broken. Her wet hair is drying in soft waves. I want to run my hands through it before holding her in a protective embrace.
I don't know why Chris lets her drive that piece of crap. The asshole probably isn't paying her enough but I'll make sure and fix that.
Cassie looks down at the card and then whispers, "Okay."
Once she's in the passenger seat of my car I close the door and walk over to the driver's side and get in. She's already on her cell phone and talking to the tow company about her car. Instead of asking her what grocery store to go to, I drive towards the Whole Foods near Alyssa's school. I know Molly enough that she likes her organic, gluten free product for Alyssa, even though Alyssa doesn't have an allergy to gluten. Whole Foods is one of the healthiest grocery stores in the area so I know Molly will approve.
I find a place to park on the street just as Cassie is finishing up her phone call. She puts her cell phone in her bag and looks over at me. The waves of her damp hair are turning into frizzy curls and I realize I've just learned another thing about her. Her hair is naturally curly.
"I'm not sure about this. I can't really afford to fix my car right now so maybe I should just have them drop it off at the Smith's house until I figure out what to do next."
"What do you mean you can't afford it? I knew it! Chris isn't paying you enough, is he?" I can hear the anger in my own voice and Cassie must hear it, too, because she slowly leans away from me.
"The Smiths pay me wonderfully, more than I even expected. I just don't have the money right now. I used the last of my savings to fix my car last week. I thought by fixing those few problems it would buy me a few months."
I sigh, dragging my hand through my hair and trying to think of a solution. "Let's see what Miguel says first and then we'll get the car fixed. Don't worry about the money right now."
"But-"
"Don't worry about it," I repeat, cutting her off.
I step out of the car and wait for her as she does the same. There's a cool breeze in the air as I meet Cassie on the sidewalk. We walk into the store and get all the groceries she needs, still with enough time to get Alyssa.

Six

Entry #1594

I found an excuse to spend some time with Cassie. Yes, her car may have broken down and things aren't exactly looking promising for her, but her loss is definitely my gain...

"Uncle Theo!" Alyssa shouts as Cassie buckles her into the booster seat in the back of my Range Rover. Her blond, curly hair bouncing as she wiggles in the booster seat.
After our trip to the grocery store we made a quick pit stop at my condo's parking garage so I could trade in my roadster for something that would actually fit Alyssa. I only drive the Rover when I have Chris and Alyssa with me, so thankfully I already had a booster seat in the back for her.
"Hey, rugrat. How was school?"
Almost immediately the tears begin to fall as Cassie closes the back door and sits back in the passenger seat next to me.
"I wasn't able to go on the field trip," she cries. "All of my friends are going to have fun without me."
Big wet tears fall down her round cheeks and I can't help but want to give her the world. Nothing should make this little girl cry. Nothing.
"Alyssa, your mom just wants you to be safe."
"Mommy just doesn't want me to have fun."
Lord have mercy, I am never having a girl.
"Alyssa, honey, your momma adores you and wants you to have loads of fun. I planned some fun crafts for us to do back at the house. You're not even going to miss school after the afternoon I have planned with you."
Cassie's attempt at changing Alyssa’s mood is a good one, but she fails miserably.
"I don't want to do crafts! I don't want to go home. I want to go on the field trip," she cries. Her tears start to fall harder and I honestly don't ever think I've seen Alyssa so miserable. It breaks my heart.
Instead of thinking of something to say, I continue to drive and hope that Alyssa calms down. After a few minutes the car grows silent and Cassie turns around to check on Alyssa in the backseat.
"The little princess cried herself to sleep," she whispers, turning back around to face the front.
"Where was the fieldtrip to today?" I ask her.
"The zoo."
"Awe, poor kid. Alyssa loves animals. She's been begging Chris to let her get a dog but he won't budge."
She laughs. "Thank goodness, too. She'd probably squeeze the dog to death."
"But at least the dog would be loved."
"That's true," she agrees.
We're pulling down their street and I can't help the feeling of emptiness that takes over my insides, knowing that they'll be leaving me in a matter of minutes.
"Hey," I blurt out without thinking. "Why don't you cancel your afternoon craft plans? You can drop the groceries off in the house and then we can take Alyssa to do something fun."
She hesitates before responding. "What do you have in mind?"
What do I have in mind? I have nothing in mind I just don't want to leave her yet. It's the middle of the day on a Monday where most kids are in school. Where could we possibly take her?
"I've got it! We can take her for the rest of her birthday gift early. I'll call the store and have them book us a table for tea and brunch while you unload the groceries."
"It's a little late in the day for brunch and you can't just call them up. You have to book there weeks in advance."
I cock my head and grin at her. "You underestimate the power I have over the people in this city. Go unload the groceries and we'll head over."

***

After an afternoon of pure craziness, I'm exhausted. Tea and brunch was the easy part of the afternoon, the hard part was the hours spent looking through two stories worth of doll shit. In the end it was worth every excruciating minute because I had one happy four-year-old who never mentioned the dreaded field trip again.
Alyssa runs into the brownstone and Cassie and I follow her, our hands filled with red and pink bags. Her new doll now has a bed, furniture, a horse, a dog, a hair salon, a gymnastic set and a wardrobe filled with clothing - tons and tons of clothing. As I'm shutting the door of the house behind me I hear Alyssa in the kitchen. 
"Mommy! Mommy! Look at all the stuff Uncle Theo got me."
"Uncle Theo? Where did you see Uncle Theo?"
I step into the kitchen right behind Cassie and interrupt their conversation. "I was able to move my brunch date with her to today instead of Friday."
"Yes, and I had pizza and ice cream, and I got all this new stuff for my doll. Wait until I tell all my friends at school," she yells out, jumping into her mother's arms.
"Well, I'm glad you had such a fun day. Dinner will be ready in a few minutes so go wash up."
"But I'm not hungry, Mommy. I want to play."
"You can play after dinner."
Molly places Alyssa back on the ground and then Alyssa runs out of the room to get ready for dinner. Cassie drops the bags in her hands on the floor next to the countertop so I do the same. 
"Why the sudden urgency to do brunch today?" Molly asks me.
"I just thought it would be nice, especially since she was bummed that her overprotective mother wouldn't let her go on the class field trip today."
She rolls her eyes at me. "One day, Theo, when you have children, you'll understand."
No I won't. I have no plans on having any ankle biters running around my house. I like my life the way it is. If I were to have children, that's pretty much a guarantee for little to no sex with my wife, which would mean I'd be cheating on her with women half her age in order to get my dick wet.
That is not the life I want.
I do not want to become my father.
Cassie sits down on one of the stools and starts to assist Molly in making a salad. The level of comfort she has in this house still amazes me, but I guess it makes sense because she's been Alyssa's nanny for a while.
"Molly, is your husband around here somewhere?"
"He's in his study, Theo."
I leave the ladies to make their salad and walk up the flights of stairs to Chris's study on the second floor. A normal person would knock to make sure they weren't interrupting something, but I haven't knocked on a door inside one of Chris's homes since eighth grade.
He's sitting behind his desk drinking a glass of whiskey, while watching the news from the plasma TV mounted on the wall across the room. He glances my way when he hears me walk in.
"Hey, T. I didn't know you were stopping by tonight."
He starts to get up but I hold my hand out to let him know he should sit back down.
"I spent the day with your princess and just dropped her off."
"I thought Cassie was with Alyssa?"
"She was. We took her to a late brunch and then she went on a shopping spree for her doll."
"We... as in you and Cassie?"
"Yeah, about that. That piece of shit she drives broke down outside the health club so I had to give her a ride in order for her to pick Alyssa up from school in time. Why the hell do you let her drive that thing? You trust Alyssa in it?"
He drags his hand through his salt and pepper colored hair before pushing his reading glasses up and off his face.
"No, I don't trust Alyssa in it and normally Cassie switches to the Escalade when she picks Alyssa up, but the Escalade is getting detailed today so we had no other choice."
"If you have a vehicle for her to drive, then why do I always see her driving that piece of shit to the club?"
"I don't know, T. I think she feels weird using our stuff. She has a room here, too. It comes with part of the job description of a live-in nanny, but half the time she stays at her place. She's not dating anyone and she doesn't go out at night, but she likes the comfort of using her own things, I guess."
I move over to the desk and sit down in one of the chairs opposite of him.
"I had the tow truck bring it over to Miguel's but he texted me an hour ago saying it needs to be sold for parts. Her car is not worth fixing. I haven't told her yet because I know she's worried about money, so I wanted to come in here and talk to you first. You need to buy her a car, Chris. She needs something stable. She's a young, attractive woman and I don't want to even picture what could happen to her if she broke down out there by herself."
"You think she's attractive? T, don't even think about it. She's off limits, remember?"
"I heard you the first time. I'm not fucking stupid so I know she's off limits. It was just an observation."
"An observation you should keep to yourself next time."
"Can we get back on track? She needs a car, Chris."
"And you know my financial situation right now. I'm in the middle of an IRS audit and I'm being watched like a hawk. I can't buy her one right now."
"What about the Escalade? Can't she take that on a permanent basis?"
"She could but she won't. She hates driving that thing."
Fuck. I'm not going to let Miguel put a ton of work in her car when it'll just break down again in six months. She needs something that will last her for several years. She needs something that will protect her, and keep her and Alyssa safe.
"I'll buy her the car."
Chris looks over at me like I'm crazy before he downs the rest of his whiskey and then stands up. "You'll what?"
"I'll buy her the car, but don't tell her I bought it. Let her think it's from you guys as a thank you for all the hard work she does."
"Let me get this straight. You want to buy a brand new car for my employee that you barely even know? You want us to give her the car under the facade that it's a gift for everything she's done for us, essentially denying you any recognition for your kind gesture?"
He makes it sound like it's unbelievable for me to be so generous.
"Yep."
"That doesn't even sound like you. It's because you think she's hot, isn't it? I don't know why you want to give her a car and frankly I don't care as long as it's not some elaborate scheme to get in her pants. Alyssa loves Cassie as if she's part of the family. If you end up fucking her over then I'll have one sad little girl."
Jesus, he's laying it on thick.
"I'm not going to fucking touch her, man. Pick out a car and send me the information later tonight or early tomorrow morning and I'll wire the money to the dealership. Sound good?"
He's uncertain but in the end he agrees and I'm thankful for it. At least now I know that whatever she'll be driving is a safe vehicle.

Seven

Entry #1595

This day could not have been any better. Actually, it could have been better if Alyssa wasn't our third wheel, but I love that little girl so I can't be mad at her. She's the reason I've been able to spend this time with Cassie.
I've never enjoyed the company of a woman before unless there was a promise of sex at the end of our time together. Cassie has promised me nothing, and yet I still want to be around her.
There's definitely something special about her. I just wish I knew what it was.

Since I ended up blowing off an entire day worth of work, I stayed for dinner and enjoyed Molly's famous meatloaf. I noticed Cassie stuck mostly to the salad and it made me wonder if she was still dieting and trying to lose weight. She still had some curves on her, but they were good curves, in just the right places. I'd hate for her to become a skinny waif. Her curves are sexy as hell.
It's Monday evening and while I would usually be tongue deep in Melissa's pussy, I can't bring myself to leave this house, to leave Cassie. Part of me thinks that if I just fuck her, all of this will be over and I'll be able to move on with my life. Another part of me thinks that when I'm finally able to conquer Cassie's body, it won’t be enough. I'll want more. I doubt she would be willing to take over a day of the week, possibly Bailey's Thursday and Sunday slot.
Fuck. 
I don't know what I'm thinking anymore, but I know I have to have her before I seriously lose my mind and my dick starts losing blood circulation. Speaking of my dick, it's standing at attention right now. Cassie's bending over to wipe Alyssa's hands with a napkin and I can see right down her shirt. Her tits are popping out of the lace bra she has on and I can see every inch of exposed skin.
"Alyssa, dear, do you want me to get you ready for bed tonight?" Molly asks from across the table.
"Do I have to go to bed?"
"Yes, my little love bug. You have school bright and early in the morning."
She jumps out of her chair and then runs over to her mother. "Oh yes, Mommy. I can't wait to tell everyone about my day today with Uncle Theo and Cassie."
She tugs on her mother's arm and Molly stands up, laughing as she follows her daughter out of the room. "You forgot to say goodnight to everyone."
"Good night!" Alyssa shouts as she runs up the stairs.
"I'm going to finish some work up in the study. Are you leaving, T, or do you have time for a little nightcap?"
I look over to Cassie who is now collecting the dishes and clearing off the table. "I'd love a drink. I'll be up in a minute."
Chris looks at me skeptically but doesn't say anything before walking out of the room and heading up the stairs to his study, leaving Cassie and me alone. I can't seem to take my eyes off of her and I know she must feel me staring at her, but she ignores me and continues to clear off the table, bringing the dishes over to the sink.
"Do you need any help?"
"I'm good, Theo, but thanks for offering."
Her back is to me as she turns the faucet on and starts to wash the dishes by hand before placing them in the open dishwasher next to her. I'm able to admire her backside freely right now so I let my eyes drift over every inch of her, but they mainly focus on her perky ass in her tight jeans. That ass has gotten me through many solo nights with my fist. I like to imagine myself slapping it, squeezing it, sliding my dick between the cheeks...
And now I'm hard again. 
I stand up from the table, ignoring the small part of me that knows this is a horrible idea, and walk slowly towards her.  Her head is down as she scrubs another dish and places it in the dishwasher. I stand behind her, which is my new favorite spot, until my chest is flat against her back and I wrap my arm around her waist. Lowering my mouth to her ear I whisper, "Are you sure I can't help you? I'm good with my hands."
I want to remind her just how good my hands feel on her body. 
I'd slide the palm of my hand under her shirt and down her smooth stomach, slipping it underneath the front of her jeans until I reach her panties. She'd be wet and waiting for me as I slid my fingers underneath the final barrier between us and rubbed her clit, before plunging two fingers inside her core as she succumbed to my movement and leaned her body against me. 
If women only knew the willpower it took us to not grope them twenty-four seven.
She stops washing the dishes and her body stills underneath my touch. "I'm sure," she pants. My mouth is hovering over her ear, my nose skimming against her hair. I inhale - she smells amazing. When my eyes flicker down all I can see is the delicate flesh of her neck. Licking my lips, I can't stop myself from what I do next. 
My lips brush against her skin, right below her ear as I leave a soft trail of kisses down her neck. She doesn't stop me and with each kiss I get braver. I go from pecking her skin, to leaving opened mouth kisses and when I reach the crook of her neck I lick her skin softly before sucking. She's silent throughout the whole thing, but she's just as into it as I am. Her breathing is uneven and she arches her back, pushing her ass into the front of my body.
Fuck, that feels good.
Her reaction to me is promising, but she's done this to me before, just to stop me once I'm hard, horny and ready to fuck.
My grip on her waist tightens as my other hand plays with the strap of her tank top, pushing it down and past her shoulder. She drops the dish in her hand and it falls into the sink with a loud bang, and when I kiss her shoulder she lets out the softest moan.
The fact that we're in my friend's house, her employer's house, doesn't even register. I'm drowning in Cassie - the way she smells, her beautiful body, her long hair, her soft skin and the noises she makes when I kiss her. Every thought in my head right now has to do with how incredible she feels, how incredible she tastes and how badly I want to taste other parts of her.
I slide my hand from her waist and grab onto her hip as she continues to rub her ass against me. I bend my knees so that her ass can rub me right where I need her to. As soon as she makes contact with my cock I groan loudly, every inch of my body now on a mission to get Cassie to come home with me.
We'll screw, have some dessert, then I'll devour her pussy before I push my cock deep inside her mouth, and when I'm ready to come I'll push her onto her stomach and slide into her until she comes all over my dick. I'll let her spend the night and then I'll fuck her in the shower the next morning before I go into work and she comes back here.
The plan sounds brilliant in my head and-
Holy shit!
My hands fly down to cover my dick as I crouch over in pain. Fuck, it hurts. Tears form in the corners of my eyes and I try to open them but it's blurry and my vision is filled with black spots. A wave of nausea hits me and I have the overwhelming sensation to hurl.
Shit! Shit! Shit!
While I was envisioning everything I wanted to do to her tonight, she elbowed me exactly where it counts. When I'm finally able to control my breathing and my vision starts to clear up, I look up at her, trying to figure out where everything went wrong in the last few seconds.
"What the hell, Cassie," I grunt harshly, unable to control my voice because of the amount of pain I am still in.
"I think you should leave," she replies sternly.
I attempt to stand up but it increases the pain and the intense feeling of nausea. It's ridiculously painful but I'm finally able to stand up and keep my eyes solely focused on hers. She's squinting at me, her hands on her hips and her mouth closed in a firm line.
"This isn't your house. You can't tell me to leave."
"But I can tell Chris that his friend was hitting on me and touching me against my will."
I gasp, offended at everything she is suggesting. "You wanted it! You've wanted it every time I touched you. You never once asked me to stop. You can't cry rape."
"I'm not going to cry rape, but I made it pretty clear I wanted you to stop touching me by the way you were crouched over a minute ago."
"Are you mental? You were grinding your ass against me and moaning every time I touched you-"
"And then I came to my senses. You think I don't know about you? I may not have known who you were at the health club, but I know all about Chris's friend, Theo. You're quite the ladies’ man. You've never had a girlfriend but you fuck a different girl every night. You've pretty much screwed the entire city of Chicago. Oh, except wait, you only screw them one night a week because your other nights are reserved for your regulars."
What the hell? I can't believe Chris told her this shit.
"You think you know me so well, don't you, Cassie?"
"What was it again? Candy on Monday, Bambi on Tuesday, Sugar on Wednesday? While I don't know your women's actual names, I do know how you work."
"You don't know shit," I grunt angrily, finally able to stand tall.
"You're right, I don't. How would tonight work anyway? Were you going to cancel on your regular and then take me home to screw? Or maybe you were hoping I would be up for a threesome?"
Now there's an idea I hadn't had before.
She's leaning against the kitchen sink, still as angry as when she first started on her little rant and I'm more confused than ever. She was into it, wasn't she?
"Let me get this straight. You knew all this about me but still allowed me to grope you a few minutes ago, and in the pool this morning, and in the hallway a couple nights ago? It seems you need to figure out what it is you want."
"I know what I want. I want to continue working for the Smiths. I want to find things to do that are fulfilling. I want to be deliriously happy. What I don't want is you."
"Quit lying to yourself, Cassie. You want me. I bet if I were to slide my hand inside your jeans and between your legs, you'd be soaking wet for me."
Her cheeks flush in embarrassment, but otherwise she doesn't falter. "You're right. You're an attractive man and most women, including myself, fall for your lines, but unlike those women, mine was a brief lapse in judgment. I won't allow it to happen again. Now I suggest you leave so I can finish the dishes, unless you'd like to stay and then I'll be sure to call Mr. Smith down and fill him in on the last fifteen minutes in his kitchen."
I'm furious. I can feel my heart start to beat faster and my blood pressure rise as I do everything in my power not to explode right now. I'm normally very calm and collected, but I've come to realize she brings out many new sides of me.
"I don't get it. I like you and you seem to like me. What does my past or my reputation have to do with what you and I have right now?"
She wipes her hands on her pants anxiously as she huffs, "You and I have nothing right now."
I take a deep breath, slowly evening out my breathing. "You know that's not true, Cassie. If nothing else, we're attracted to each other."
"Yes, but that won't stop you from sleeping with some other woman tonight since I rejected you. Admit it."
I close my eyes, trying not to take out my frustration on her. She can't help but think these things when it's the only thing she's heard about me.
"Cassie," I say softly, taking a step towards her. She takes a step back, not wanting to be any closer to me than necessary. "I'll admit that I used to be that way, but you've changed me, even before Saturday. I've had my eyes on you for a while and my..." I trail off, struggling to find the right words. "My womanizing ways have slowly shifted and recently I haven't slept with anyone. I've been waiting for you."
"I guess I should feel flattered," she says sarcastically.
"I'm just being honest. You should give me a chance. All I want is a date. One night out with you. Is that too much to ask for?"
"Yes, it is."
She folds a dishtowel and places it in one of the drawers before closing it and shutting the light off above the sink.
"I'm tired, Theo. It's been a long day and yes, I'm attracted to you. I may even like you a little bit, but that doesn't change the fact that I don't have any desire to be another notch on your belt. I'm not that kind of girl."
She starts to leave the kitchen, but I can't let her go. We can't leave things this way. I reach out and grab her arm.
"What will it take? I'll do anything?"
She turns in my grasp. Her smoldering eyes searching mine, possibly searching for my soul.
I have a soul. It's just hidden behind years and years of baggage.
"Anything?" she asks.
"Anything," I affirm.
Her hand grasps mine and peels my fingers off her arm while she takes a step back, putting some distance between us.
"Go thirty days without sex."
What? 
Okay...
Okay. I can do this.
"No problem," I reply. "Once the thirty days are up though, you have to go out with me on a date. That's the deal."
Her eyes sparkle with amusement. "That works for me and I always keep a promise. But Theo, the bet is any form of sex. That means no penetration, no oral, and no masturbation of any kind. If you come, you lose the bet."
Say what now?
"I can't even masturbate?"
"Nope."
"But it will be to the images of you I have stored in my head." Surely, this has to count for something.
"You come, you lose. Take the deal or leave it."
She watches me, confident that if I take this bet I'm going to lose. Her arrogance is a major turn on.
I'm going to have to shut this shit off. I can't be turned on by everything she does over the next thirty days.
"You're on, Cassie," I utter against my better judgment. "But if I can't come or have sex, neither can you." 
I reach out to shake her hand, but then retract it quickly. "Should we kiss on it?"
Her confidence dwindles a little as she looks up at me under her long eyelashes. Her chest rises and falls as her lips slightly part, her breath shallow as she glances at my mouth. Her desire for me is evident, but her willpower is much stronger than mine. Before I can even react to her she's put back on the mask of confidence she loves to wear. 
"No, I trust you. I want the next thirty days to be fair so that when I win you can't blame me in any way for your failure. If I kiss you now, I'd just be leading you on. Oh, and you don't have to worry about me. I'll be a saint the next thirty days. No sex or orgasms for me."
Before I do something stupid and ruin the bet before it's even really started, I leave her. Turning around, I walk out of the kitchen, through the hallway, past the foyer and out the front door of the brownstone. I go straight to my car, not even bothering to go back in and say goodnight to Molly and Chris. If I go back in I might do something stupid, regrettable, and completely unredeemable.
This woman is hard to keep up with. She might even have multiple personalities. One minute she's telling me not to touch her, and the next minute we're betting on a potential date thirty days from now.
As I'm pulling away, my phone vibrates in my pocket. I enter in my four-digit passcode and read the incoming text.

Chris: You left in a hurry and I don't blame you. We've been friends a long time and I'd hate for our friendship to be over because you can't keep it in your pants. I know it's hard but thanks for staying away from Cassie.

Son of a bitch! 
He's right. We've been friends a long time and I need to stay away from Cassie. After her performance tonight you'd think it would be easy. She's so hot and cold that I don't know if I should strip her naked or buy her a chastity belt. I want her more than any other woman I've ever met, but it's really not worth it. Cassie doesn't know what she wants and it's definitely not worth ruining the lifelong friendship I have with Chris. 
But then she made that bet, reaffirming my original beliefs. She wants me, she just needs an excuse to pursue me, and I'm willing to give her that excuse, even if I don't actually plan on being abstinent for the next thirty days.
What she doesn't know won't kill her.
I open up my texting app and type a new message out. It's time to forget about Cassie for the night and remember who the hell I am. I've been blowing off women for too long now. I need to make this right. I need to reclaim my identity.

Me: I shouldn't have canceled on you but my night is free now. Meet me at my place in twenty and I'll make it up to you.

Eight

Entry #1597

This Journal sucks. Fuck my thoughts and this therapeutic bullshit.

This has been the week from hell. After Cassie's brilliant performance Monday night, Melissa was waiting for me in the lobby of my elite condominium complex, ready and willing. I couldn't wait to get her upstairs and fuck her until Cassie was only a distant memory. What I didn't expect was the monumental fuck-up I would make as I was preparing to thrust my cock down Melissa's throat.
Never, and I mean never, say another woman's name when you're seconds away from getting a blowjob.
Melissa had stripped down for me until she was wearing only a thong and heals. I was ready to fuck but she wanted to taste me first. 
I'll never say no to a woman on her knees. 
It felt good to finally have someone appreciate what I had to offer. Melissa loves my cock. Most women love my cock. I've never had any complaints, so after being rejected by Cassie, it was nice to be reminded that there were many other women, or in this case, mouths in the sea.
The problem was that even though my dick was hard and ready for some attention, I couldn't get Cassie out of my head. I was imagining it was Cassie's sensual lips about to be wrapped around my cock.
Melissa's hands wrapped around my ass and pulled me to her waiting lips. She had me right where I wanted to be, but when she squeezed my balls and then dragged her teeth along my cock, I fucked up and groaned out Cassie's name. I tried to cover it up, but she clearly heard me and there was no coming back from that. She was dressed and out my door in a minute flat, and I didn't stop her.
Looks like I'll need a Monday replacement as well. Hell, I should just clear the line-up and start fresh since I blew off Jenny and Mercedes this week, too.
At least I stayed true to the bet, sort of. I definitely didn't come.
And who am I trying to kidding anyway? My weekly line-up's been cleared for a while now, and I'm not ready to find any replacements. Somewhere deep down inside, I don't think I could have gone through with it tonight. Cassie and I aren't together, but a part of me felt like I was cheating on her with Melissa.
This new revelation is the reason I've had blue balls all week.
I've avoided the health club this week, choosing to run the path of Lake Michigan every morning. On my lunches I've been doing weights at the gym down the street from my office. I couldn't face Cassie this week. She's too tempting and I'm not good at controlling my urges around her.
Now it's Friday and the horrible storm outside forces me to cancel my outdoor run. I've been in the office a whole twenty minutes and I already want to fire every single one of my employees, including my secretary, who is usually the perfect secretary, but today she can do nothing right in my eyes.
I need to work out. I need to relieve this tension and anxiety overtaking my body. 
I need to swim. 
The gym down the street is a decent one, but it's no health club and they don't have a pool. I need a pool.
There's a knock at the door and I yell, "What?"
My secretary timidly opens the door, fear written across her face. "Your mother is on line one."
"I'm busy."
"She says it's urgent."
"Fuck, Ursula, I said I'm busy. Tell her I'll see her Sunday and hold all my calls for the rest of the day. I need to get out of here and clear my head."
She hesitates for a second before saying, "Yes, sir."
When the door closes I glance over at the clock. It's a little after ten in the morning. If I go to the health club now there's a good chance Cassie will be gone for the day. Her workout should be over by now.
My gym bag is under my desk so I grab it, grab my suit jacket, and lock up my office. Ninety minutes in the pool is exactly what I need to clear my head.

***

"You bought me a car?"
This is not what I had imagined would happen when I pulled up to the health club. It's also not the reaction I expected from Cassie when she got her new car, mostly because she wasn't supposed to know I bought her the car. She was supposed to think it was a gift from Chris.
But it's the reaction I get. I pulled up to the club, parked and when I got out of my car and turned around there she was, sitting on the hood of her new, black Lexus SUV. I made the mistake of smiling at her and that set her off. She hopped off her SUV and jogged towards me until she was right in my face.
"Why do you think the car is from me?"
"Because Chris has offered me the Escalade in the past and I've always refused. If he were going to give me a vehicle to drive it would have been that. You're good; I'll give you that. It took a whole ten minutes to crack Chris when usually he squeals like a pig."
"I don't know why you're making such a big deal out of this, it's just a car."
"Just a car? Just a car!!!! It's a Lexus. This car cost more than what I make in a year. You don't just give someone a Lexus. There has to be something you want in return."
I shake my head at her insinuation and then place my gym bag on top of my car. "How could I want something in return when you weren't even supposed to know the car is from me? Furthermore, what the hell were you doing sitting on the car waiting for me in the parking lot. It's creepy. You're not going to go all Fatal Attraction on me?"
"Oh my god. You're married?"
"What? No, never."
She laughs but not humorously. "Get your references right. In Fatal Attraction the stalker is the mistress of a married man. I am not your mistress and you aren't married, but to answer your question, yes, I was waiting for you in the parking lot. You haven't been here all week and I don't have your phone number. I finally cracked and called your office but your secretary said you left for the day. When I asked her where you went she said she thought you were headed to the gym. I've only been waiting out here for five minutes, ten tops."
When she's angry her eyebrows raise and her nostrils flare as she crinkles her nose. It's absolutely adorable. In fact, the angrier she gets the calmer I get and by the end of her speech I'm actually smiling. I can't keep the ridiculous, toothy grin off my face, and it's there because a woman only gets this angry if she cares. Although we've only known each other for a short time, Cassie obviously cares about me or she wouldn't be getting this upset over a car.
"Well, you found me. Now if you're done throwing your little tantrum I need to get inside and get a workout in. I have all this pent-up frustration and I'm not allowed to masturbate and release it. I need a good workout in the pool to get it out."
I move to walk past her but she stops me with her hand. She lays her palm against my chest and although I could easily continue past her and walk inside, I'm curious as to what she could possibly say now.
"I know I sound ungrateful and that's not my intention. I'm just not used to anyone going out of their way to do something for me. It's... unexpected, especially from you and I need to know why?" She glances down at her hand on my chest and then looks back up at me.
My God, her eyes; her big, beautiful brown eyes would make the coldest man melt.
"I need to know why," she whispers, repeating what she said just moments ago.
I reach up to cup her cheek with my palm as I look into her eyes, searching for the answer she wants me to give her, but in the end I go with the truth.
"I needed you to be safe. I couldn't fathom you driving around in that death trap you called a car any longer. When Chris explained why he couldn't go out and get you a vehicle, I decided to do it instead. Believe it or not, it was more for my peace of mind and sanity. I wouldn't be able to function knowing you were still driving around in the city with that clunker."
She listens to me intently, never once breaking eye contact and when I finish speaking she inhales deeply. I'm prepared for her to say something, maybe a thank you or words to show some kind of gratitude. What I'm not prepared for is her hand wrapping around the back of my neck, pulling me closer to her as she lifts up on her toes and brushes her lips against mine. 
Her lips are soft as she kisses my upper lip and then my bottom lip. Her movement is shaky; as if she's afraid I might pull away from her, but when I don't she becomes more confident. Her tongue comes out to lick my bottom lip before her kiss turns firm and her tongue enters my mouth. She licks the roof of my mouth and it sparks the animal inside of me. 
I grab her and twist her around until her back is against the side of my car. I don't wait for permission; she gave me that when she initiated the kiss. My hands lower and slide down her ass until I'm gripping the back of her thighs and lift her up, urging her to wrap her legs around my waist.
She complies immediately and lets out the sexiest, most intense moan I've heard in my entire life when she feels my dick rub against her core.
My God, she is so fucking sexy.
I move my lips from her mouth and kiss a trail across her cheek and down her neck. Her head falls back against my Mercedes as she pants in pleasure from everything I'm doing to her body. She wants this. She's finally admitting to me with her body that she wants this and I'm not going to deny myself her any longer.
I don't care that we're in the parking lot of the club where anyone could see us, I don't care that we are probably scratching up and denting my car, and I don't care about the fucking bet. All I care about is Cassie and the way she makes me feel, and being able to rip her clothes off before sinking inside her.
I probably shouldn't do that in the parking lot though. We could move inside my car, but there is very little room. We could move to the backseat of her SUV, but do I really want to fuck her for the first time in a vehicle? She's not just some piece of ass I picked up at a nightclub; she's special. She deserves more and I want more with her. Not just a random fuck in a public parking lot.
We could go back to my place, but I need to be inside her now and the drive is way too long to accommodate my needs. The private locker rooms! That's it. We'll go inside one of the private locker rooms. But wait, Chris might be inside and I can't risk letting him see us.
Shit! I forgot about Chris.
I know it's hard but thanks for staying away from Cassie.
His words play over and over in my head. I move my lips away from the base of Cassie's neck and take a step back, trying to even out my breathing so I can think calmly and rationally. Her body leaves mine and I instantly miss the connection, but I made a promise to Chris, one I intend to keep - at least until the bet is finished.
"What's wrong?" Cassie asks, moving towards me. With every step I take away from her, she takes one more towards me. This is just my fucking luck. I finally get her ready to jump my bones, and I can't act on her impulses.
"We can't... I can't... I'm so sorry, but we can't... do this. I promised Chris," I pant.
"Promised him what?"
"I promised him I'd leave you alone. I promised him I wouldn't touch you."
"What about the bet?" she asks me, puzzled by this new revelation. 
"The bet's still on."
Her eyes close and then open as she looks up at the sky and then back at me. "You pursued me and now that I'm finally willing to see where this goes you can't because you made some empty promise? A promise that you were willing to break just a few days ago?"
"It's complicated, but yes. And you and I made a deal, so I couldn't have sex with you right now anyway. I'm not allowed to come, remember."
"You're unbelievable!" she huffs, throwing her hands up in the air. "I knew I should have stayed away. I knew you were trouble. I can't believe I almost-"
I can't stand to see her this upset. I reach for her, wanting to comfort her, wanting to take back everything I just said, but when my hands reach her shoulders she shoves me away.
"Don't touch me. Don't ever touch me again."
The sadness that fills her eyes is more than I can take, so I back off and let her walk away from me. She storms over to her Lexus, slamming her car door after she climbs inside, and then she peels out of the parking lot.
What did I do? I had her. She was willing to blow off our stupid bet. I fucking had her and I just blew it because of some promise I made to Chris, and the worst part is she was right. It was an empty promise because in the beginning I never intended on actually staying away from her. So why did I suddenly grow a conscious now?
I bend my knee and then kick my leg forward, slamming it into the back tire of my car over and over again, hoping the release will make me feel better. 
But I only feel worse.

Nine

Entry #1598

I should take the last five years of entries in my leather bound journals and burn them in my fireplace because they're getting me nowhere.

The next several hours are pure torture. I end up swimming over two hours in the pool before heading home and trying to get some work done around the penthouse, but it's no use. I can't seem to focus on anything and I end up wallowing in self-pity the rest of the day. 
I need to talk to Chris. 
He's probably sitting down eating dinner with his family right now, but by the time I get there they should be done and I can talk to him up in the study. Maybe if I explain the fascination I've had with her the past year he'll understand and let me see where this goes. If I get his blessing then I can talk to Cassie tonight.
This plan sounds better and better the more I think it over, so I throw on some shoes and leave my condo, heading towards Lincoln Park.
Of course the traffic had to be horrendous so it takes me close to an hour to get to Chris's brownstone. I'm able to slide my car into a spot right in front of his neighbor's front door.
It's like God switched over to my side and is helping me out.
I fix my hair through the rearview mirror because yes, even men want to make sure they look okay before going somewhere. I start to open my car door but suddenly stop. The front door of the brownstone is opening and Cassie's walking through it with her purse over her shoulder. I slouch down so that she won't see me, and thankfully she turns in the opposite direction on the street. She stops a couple houses down and that's when I notice her Lexus. She slides inside and starts the car so I do the same, closing my front door and letting the engine purr to life.
I can no longer see her, but I watch her car as she carefully pulls out of her spot and starts driving towards the other end of the street. 
I follow her.
I'm not sure why I'm following her. I came here to talk to Chris, but the second I saw her pull away I had to follow. Whether my dick or my brain is running the show, I don't know, but I follow anyway because one of them has the right idea. I need to make things right with Cassie before I talk to Chris.
I follow her for what seems like forever. We're on the outskirts of the city, approaching the suburbs when she starts to slow down and turns off on a side road. It's dark out, so I dim my lights in order for her not to be suspicious of someone following her at this time of night. The city of Chicago has an extremely high murder rate and I don't want to frighten her. 
Is this where she lives? 
We're in a residential area and I don't get the feeling she owns a house, so why are we here? Is she visiting someone? For fuck's sake, is she visiting a guy?
We start to pass a church but she slows down and turns into the vacant church parking lot. I can't follow her in there because then I'll be forced to address her before I'm ready. I want to figure out why a young woman like her is at church on a Friday night, instead of out at a bar or club with friends.
I pull up to the next intersecting street and make a U-turn. As I'm approaching the church again I park on the side of the road and turn off the engine, just in time to see Cassie open the large double doors at the entrance of the church and walk in.
This makes no sense. Her car is the only one in the parking lot. I doubt the priest is even in there right now. How long does she expect me to wait out here for her?
That's right. She doesn't know I'm out here. She doesn't know the great lengths of stalking I go through just to watch her and know more about her.
Now I'm Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction.
I'm just going to wait here and then follow her to her next destination. I can't confront her about sex at a church. It just feels... wrong. There's also the small fact that church and me don't mix. I'd take one step inside and then burn from the inside out.
Thirty minutes pass, then an hour, then another hour and before I know it's midnight and I'm struggling to stay awake in the driver's seat. I have no idea what would make her want to stay inside a church for so long, but at the moment I'd wait forever just to ask for another chance.
My blinks get longer and longer until I can no longer open my eyes and I succumb to sleep.

***

The sound of a garbage truck wakes me from my sleep. I peel open my eyelids, stretching my arms above my head as I let out a long yawn. After blinking a few times I look around and remember where I am.
Fuck. I slept through the night.
I turn the keys in the ignition, ready to drive off and that's when I glance over at the church. Cassie's Lexus is still parked in the parking lot, but this time it's not the only car on the large slab of asphalt. Two spaces away is a Chevy four-door truck.
What the hell? Who else is there?
As if God is directly answering my questions now, out walks a tall blond man who can't be older than thirty and Cassie is following him. Her hair is pulled back into a high ponytail and she looks just as beautiful as ever, but that's not what has my jaw dropping. She's wearing different clothes than the ones she wore yesterday.
Why is she wearing different clothes than the ones she walked in with?
What did I miss when I was sleeping?
The man walks with her to her car and they stop at her door and continue to talk. With every second that goes by I grow angrier and angrier. I'm being irrational, but who the fuck is he and why is he at a church with Cassie this early in the morning? I look down at my watch and it's a little after eight am, way too early for a social call.
Glancing back their way, I see Cassie lift up on her toes and wrap her arms around the unknown man's neck. He wraps his arms around her waist and hugs her tightly. They embrace for what seems like hours, but actually only a few seconds and as she backs away she leaves a lingering kiss on his cheek before getting in her car and driving off.
She played me. That's the only logical explanation because the deal was that neither of us were allowed to have sex for thirty days, but she just spent the night with this guy. Or at least I think she did.
Wait.
What the fuck happened last night?

End of 
Book One


Continue following Cassie and Theo's story in
Lane One
Seduction
Book two of the Lane One Series

Desire... Lust... Envy...

Theo has finally got Cassie where he wants her. She has agreed to go out with him if he can make it thirty days without sex. But how much does the elusive Theo actually know about Cassie?

Cassie has always been alone in this world, so Theo's persistence scares her, but as Theo and Cassie grow closer, their pasts are slowly uncovered. As Cassie's past is revealed, Theo decides to ignore his feelings for her so he can be the first person Cassie can truly trust and rely on.

But Cassie doesn't want to be Theo's friend... she wants more. When it becomes obvious Theo is no longer going to touch her, she comes up with a plan of her own.

Seduce and conquer.

It should be easy for Cassie to get what she wants, but is she powerful enough to seduce Theo into bed?

Add to Goodreads

Don't miss out on the release of Lane One: Seduction
Sign up for my newsletter
or
Check my website for release info

Want more from Justine Elvira? Check out her other works.

The Road To Price (Price #1)
The Road To Forgiveness (Price #2)
Lawful Overdose
Rough to Ride
Changing His Game (The Reynolds Brothers #1)
Playing His Game (The Reynolds Brothers #2)

You can connect with Justine below:

www.facebook.com/justineelvirabooks
www.twitter.com/justineelvira
www.instagram.com/justineelvirabooks
justinethedream@gmail.com
Justine Elvira's Goodreads Page
www.justineelvira.blogspot.com

Acknowledgements

This is the area of my books that I always struggle the most with. I'm afraid I'm going to miss someone extremely important because EVERYONE in my life is extremely important.
So many people made this book possible. From the advice, the encouragement, the editing, the cover design, the pimping, the social media support, cover reveals, giveaways, and the list goes on and on.
If I've learned anything this past year, it's to cherish the people in my life and I cherish each and every one of you!
I love every member of my street team! I like to think we have some fun in our small group. I love every follower of my Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. I love every one of my readers, even if you don't enjoy every story. All your support is what helps me make it through every single day.
I love all of the authors who support and stand behind one another. The book world can truly be a family if you open yourself up to it.
 In the end, the friendships I've made on this crazy journey is what means the most to me. While I haven't met most of you, I consider some of you my closest friends. 
I cherish you all! 

Do you want more from Justine Elvira?
Check out her bestselling book
Changing His Game

*Warning: Changing His Game is a stand-alone novel. This book is for mature readers ages 18 and up. It contains sex, sex, and more sex with a porn star. It briefly touches on M/F/M and M/F/F.

Adult Films. XXX Movies. Porn.

These are the kind of movies I've never planned to watch. It was a taboo topic where I grew up. As a kid I had only heard of it in passing. In middle school my parents would talk about my creepy uncle Frank and how he should look for a job instead of watching "those movies" all day. In High School boys thought it was funny to ask my friends and me to star in the amateur adult films they were making. In college most of my guy friends watched them, but I never had. When I moved to California that changed.

After surprising my fiancé at home and catching him screwing another woman, I hopped in my car and started driving. I was running away from my old life and I needed a change. I remembered my friend Tawny inviting me to visit her in Los Angeles, so that's where I went.

I didn’t find Tawny when I got there, but I did find her gorgeous roommate, Jared. Our friendship started out rough, but he gave me a place to stay and helped me get back on my feet. He became my best friend. My best friend who millions of women happened to lust over.

Jared plays by a different set of rules, where anything goes. His lifestyle is unlike anything I’ve ever witnessed before and it scares me. When you live your life on the edge, eventually you'll fall over. I didn't want to see that happen to him.

At night he’s just Jared, my Jared, and I’ll deny it to anyone who asks, but I’m completely in love with him. During the day he’s Brandon Boner, and the world is in love with him.

Oh yeah, did I mention he’s a porn star?

About The Author 
 
Justine Elvira is a best selling author at multiple retailers. She is also a mother and the Queen of Procrastination. Writing is her form of therapy and helps her escape reality for a little while.

When she's not writing you can usually find her with her kids, or escaping in a good book.

