The Irreversible Reckoning
By: T. Rudacille

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 T. Rudacille
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Cover image courtesy of kantapat /FreeDigitalPhotos.net
Cover Design by Alex Piluk.


I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope
For hope would be hope for the wrong thing; wait without love
For love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith
But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.
Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought:
So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.
Whisper of running streams, and winter lightning.
The wild thyme unseen and the wild strawberry,
The laughter in the garden, echoed ecstasy
Not lost, but requiring, pointing to the agony 
Of death and birth.
-T.S. Eliot, “East Coker” 



BEGIN: YEAR 3




Part I: We All Fall Down

Brynna

“My love… My love… My lo—” 
The gunshot cut off his words, but my scream was louder than the gunshot. To this day, when I look back, I can still hear that scream bounding outwards through the forest. I can feel it expanding through the open space and crashing against the trees. I remember the force with which it came cascading back to us. Only it did not just extend outwards, into the endless expanse of trees; it flew back, to Shadow Village, and within seconds, others had descended upon us. As James collapsed against me first, nearly knocking me to the ground with him, and then crashed into the dirt, convulsing and bleeding and dying right in front of me, I felt that cold gun pressed to the back of my head. My eyes squeezed shut, and tears (goddamn them, goddamn me for not being able to stop them) poured down my cheeks. Sobs choked out of me, because he was not moving anymore, and I knew that if I opened my eyes, they would find his, and with every plea, they would search for some sign of warmth there but would find nothing but ice, but death… He was dead, James was dead, my love was dead… And Adam was roaring, struggling to break the hold of the vines around his wrists, struggling against the grip of the six men who were dropping their substantial weights onto his back to keep him from me, to make him watch as they put a bullet through the back of my head. He would weep. It would break him, to see me, his great love, shot and killed before his eyes, the way that seeing James, my great love, shot and killed before my eyes had broken me. I did not want him to break. Never before had he broken. Never before had he shown them weakness, but he would for me. He would not be able to help it.
I heard the loud and rapid whirring of the air as six bodies came flying towards us at that superhuman speed only we could achieve. I heard voices shouting, bones breaking, men screaming as they drew their last breaths, but I could not look. I could not bear to open my eyes. Adam’s face was against mine, but I could not hear his words over the sound of my own heavy, deep, rasping breaths. It is true that before we die, we see every moment of our lives, but it is also true that when a loved one dies, one sees every moment spent together, and it hurts; God, it hurts like nothing else. 
My hands were suddenly free, and my body flung itself down onto James. His chest was still; I could feel no beats of his heart and not even the shallowest breath. How many nights had I laid just like that, with my head on his chest and my arms locked around him? How many times had he wrapped his arms around me, and I had closed my eyes and listened to his heartbeat? Nothing could hurt worse than feeling nothing there anymore. 
Until I pulled away, and finally looked into his face, that is. His eyes were open, so I could not just try to tell myself, however childishly, however desperately, that he was asleep; they were not open wide enough that he appeared startled or worse, afraid, but they were not drooped closed enough that he looked sedated. They were open, almost as though he were fully awake, but just like in his chest, there was nothing in his eyes. I grasped his face in both hands, and my sobs ceased as my eyes held fast to his. Whatever was going on around me faded away, and all I could hear was the sound of my heart—so frantic, so alive—hammering inside of my ears, echoing through every corridor of my skull, reminding me that I had survived, for now, but they had killed him… If they had started from the other end of the line, it would have been Janna, Adam, and me, and he would have survived, and I knew how he would have cried; I had heard it. I knew how his heart would have grieved, because I had felt it, when I had been shot, and he had been holding me just as I was holding him right then.
“Brynna, we must go, my darling.” Adam was saying, and I was shaking my head, lowering it so I could rest my forehead against James’s, so I could hold his face for just a few more minutes, so I could close my eyes and tell him silently how much I loved him, because there was nothing else that I could think to say. There was nothing else that mattered.
“My love, we have to go.”
“Come on, darling.” Janna was saying to me, “Come on, sweetheart.”
“James, please… James, please…” I was whispering, “I love you. Please, James… James, please… I love you so much…” 
I was breathless. So desperate. Never before had I pleaded like that. I had been too proud to ever beg anyone with such desperation, such blind need, such sad longing. But I begged him. I held his face, my thumbs running through the blood that was streaming from his mouth, and through his stubble that had grown so much longer over our imprisonment. I held his face, closed my eyes, and begged him to find his way back to me, as I had found my way back to him. And it is strange, but I knew, by the feeling of hopelessness that was dragging my heart into some dark abyss, that he was not listening. He was not there. The absence of his soul was astoundingly clear, glaringly obvious. I had stayed close by when I had left our realm; he was flung far from it, far from me. 
“Brynna.” 
A different male voice. 
“Leave her!” Adam roared, and he charged Tyre, who had just kneeled in front of me. Tyre reached up, grasped his throat, and flung him to the ground effortlessly, but that did not deter Adam from trying to attack him again. 
I reached out, and with the last of my strength, I commanded Adam to stop. I wanted Tyre dead because I wanted all of them dead, but I did not want to lose Adam in the process, and he was too weak to fight. I was too weak to control him, though I managed to do it. But because I was so weak, I collapsed onto James, every muscle paralyzed by that potent exhaustion, my eyelids barely able to hold themselves open… 
“I am so sorry.” Tyre was whispering, his voice rife with sorrow and regret, “My child, I am so sorry for what they have done. I will see that they pay for it dearly, I promise you. Adam, lift your wife.”
“No!” I screamed, as Adam lifted me into his arms, “No! James! James!” 
I was flailing about in Adam’s arms when Tyre passed his hand over my head, when he brushed my hair back away from my face. Instantaneously, that exhaustion in my body and mind amplified, and the darkness of the forest began to crumble inwards from the corners of my vision. 
“NO!” I wailed, as Tyre went to pass his hand over my head again. I was still fighting Adam’s surprisingly strong grip, and despite the growing exhaustion, I was winning.
“NO! I WANT JAMES!” 
“Put her to sleep.” Adam hissed, “Just put her to sleep, Tyre!”
“NO!” I screamed as the tears began to take me again. But Tyre ran his hand backwards over my hair, and the last of the forest’s darkness fell in upon me, entombing me in black.
***
I’m still here, baby. I’m right here. I got lost, but I’m close now. I can feel you, sweetheart. I can feel you near me. 
“James…” 
I said his name out loud, because I knew he needed to use it as a beckon. After I had succumbed to the gunshot wound in my chest, I had heard his and Violet’s voices through some haze that made them seem both endlessly far away and painfully close. I had been twirling through some cold, empty darkness, and yet I had been standing still. I could not see, but I could smell the ice in the air, and I could feel it tightly winding around me. And all the while, the only source of light (which I could not see, but which I could feel in my heart) was emanating from their voices. Like a child’s game of Hot and Cold, I moved closer, waiting until I could feel that light dissolving that chill of death with its warmth. The closer I had moved to their voices, the warmer the light felt. 
“James…” 
I said his name again, a little louder. 
I’m scared, baby. 
He would never say it out loud. He would never admit it to me. But there in that space between the living and the dead, in that awful limbo, our fears are amplified; they are the worst of the worst. They trump even our most basic human fear of death. We are unsure of where we will go, unsure if there is anywhere to go. Perhaps the experience is less harrowing for the faithful, who believe in a place apart from this place. But my instincts, which are so rarely wrong, tell me that all souls must pass through that space. Whether back to life or into death, we all must face the in-between, and in it, we must grapple with the worst fear of all: that there is nowhere but between. 
I can’t find my way. I can feel you, but I can’t find you.
“James…”
I was so weak, and yet, in my unconsciousness, I was throwing myself into that space, knowing it was dangerous, knowing every time I did it, my heart stopped beating, and my lungs expelled a breath. In real time, my jaunts into the darkness were only one second each time, but in that limbo, they were endless. I was swimming through the air, or maybe I was running, or maybe I was crawling, I could not tell, and all the while, I was whispering his name, only to hear it echo deafeningly through that space.
“James… I’m here.”
But something else was in the darkness with us, and I could not speak, or it would hear. It was some dark being, some entity of that blackness that held the balance. I was an intruder, throwing myself into that hollow before it was my time. I was breaking the rules, and through the darkness, that shadow was stalking me, and I would be lucky if all it did was throw me back into the realm of the living. James would be lucky if it released him. We would be lucky if it did not devour us and erase the lives that we had lived from our undead conscious. 
Every time I had remembered the moments I spent in that darkness, I was besieged by chills that ran up and down my spine and made my skin prickle almost painfully. It was the memory of that shadow in the dark that was taking hold of me in those moments, and, coupled with the terror I had felt at not knowing where to go, or where I would be sent, that fear was so resounding that I could become lost in the terrifying remembrance of it. Now that shadow was stalking me again, and I felt that fear amplified tenfold. 
But I would not leave without James.
With a sharp gasp, I awoke. My body was shaking from the fear of that place and that shadow, and from the cold that I could still feel all the way down in my bones. The room I was in was freezing, and when my eyes opened, I saw that there was a single light-bulb burning directly above me, in the dead-center of my line of vision. How could a light-bulb be hanging that way if I was sitting up? And why did I feel like I was rocking? 
My body, which had gotten so used to acting on its own will, tried to throw itself up, because I realized that I was lying down. That chill intensified when my arms stayed attached by the wrists to the iron bedposts on either side of my head, and when my ankles, locked together and then fastened to the center of the bedrail at the end of the bed, did not budge at all despite how hard I was pulling backwards on the chains. I pulled my legs back and pulled my arms forward, flinging myself every which way, trying to break free, because I was panicking, wanting to scream, wanting to throw up, wanting to cry… Why had they chained me down like this? Tyre had said that he would not let anyone hurt me this way. But maybe he wanted Adam to do it “correctly” this time. Maybe he would threaten to kill us both if Adam did not follow his command, if he did not break me…
I became aware of the smell of blood as I struggled, and when I looked, I saw that the cuffs around my wrist had broken the skin. Blood poured over the metal and dripped down onto the white bed-sheets, but it was not just my blood that I was smelling. 
I froze. It was as though some drug that caused immediate full-body paralysis had suddenly burrowed deeply into my motor cortex. There was another bed in the room with me, and another person. On that bed, covered in a white sheet, I saw the body of someone else, and my eyes fell on the hand that was hanging over the edge of the bed. I recognized the digital watch first, but I would have recognized his hand without it. I had held it so many times.
“Oh, no…” I murmured, and my voice broke when I said his name. “Oh, no, James…”
The door opened and closed quietly just as my breathing began to deepen, and I began to feel as though a wad of cotton was lodged in the back of my throat, blocking the passage of air as it tried to enter my lungs.
“Alright. I know. I know, my darling girl.” 
Tyre. He kneeled in front of me, blocking the sight of James’s sheet-covered body from me, and I was almost grateful. Almost, until I realized just how responsible he was for every terrible thing that had happened to me. James was dead because he had lost control of his rabid, insane followers; I was chained to that bed because he had ordered his minions to put me there; I was forcefully married to Adam because he had decreed that it was necessary for our acclimation into his society. 
“Don’t touch me!” I bellowed, and I knew that I sounded utterly savage, almost animal, and I certainly looked it; when I lunged towards him, my fangs were bared, and when I got close enough to him, I snapped my jaws, trying to bite into his throat. 
“No.” He said softly, and with ease, he pushed my head back down onto the bed and held it there. His muscles were not even taut because he was using no force at all; still, I could not raise my head. 
“You killed him! You killed James! He is dead because of you! He is dead! I will kill you! Do you hear me?! I will rip your heart out for what you did to him! I will claw out your fucking heart, and your tongue, and I will—”
With the hand he was not using to hold my head down, and still without using even a fraction of his strength, he covered my mouth. My screams, cries, and heavy breaths were totally silenced; I was sure that Tyre’s guards, who were standing in the room by the door, could not hear even the muffled sounds I was making, because he was covering my mouth so forcefully.
“Shh… I do not like having to do this to you, my sweet child. I do not like having to treat you this way. But you must listen to me. If I must hold you down this way, and keep you quiet long enough to tell you all that must be told, then I will do it.”
My eyes were burning, blazing red into his sedate gray ones. If I allowed myself to do so, I could believe that he only wanted to speak to me, that he cared for me, that he just wanted me to shun my old ways and accept his. But I knew better. I had known men like him before; Tyre was as cruel, crazed, and sadistic as my father and Michael had been, but he was far more skilled at hiding the depth of that cruelty, insanity, and sadism. He was able to mask it with false kindness. He was able to hide behind his supposed piousness. But he was just like them, and perhaps he was worse, just because he could hide his darkness so well. 
Either way, I could see, behind that sedation in his eyes, and that fake concern for me, and that soothing tone of his voice, and his words of regret and pity, that he was enjoying what he was doing to me. Perhaps he was not becoming sexually aroused by it, but he was certainly enjoying it.
“You would not want me to bind your mouth, would you?” He asked me gently, “Janna would not listen to me until I put enough straps over her to keep her totally still, and until I had bound her mouth with a cloth as thick as cowhide. Do you want that?”
I did not respond; I just continued to glare back into his eyes. 
“Not answering me will be punished the same way, Brynna.”
Again, my body acted by its own accord. I shook my head. 
“Good.” He said, and I wanted to smack the small smile off of his face so badly that my hands tingled as they would after I had delivered that glorious slap. 
“Alright. You saw that James is here in the room with you. Do you know why that is?” He asked, and he still hadn’t uncovered my mouth, so I just shook my head again. A part of me thought that he was going to heal him. I knew from the way he had healed my broken bones after Rich had beaten me that he was more than capable of healing injuries with little effort. Even though James’s injury was severe, I was sure that he could heal him. I would call out to James as Tyre mended his injuries, and he would find his way back to me.
But Tyre’s intentions could never have been so pure.
“I will tell you why he is here, but first, I must lament the poor decisions that you have made these past few days. First, you flouted our rites of marriage. I know that to you, what we required of Adam seems barbaric…”
I could have laughed, because it was such an understatement, but I just let him talk.
“…but it is not. I know that both here and on Earth, you read voraciously, and I know that in your literary travels, you must have happened upon the ancient cultures of Greece, and Rome, and Mesopotamia, and that you must have entered the medieval age. You know that it is a traditional rite of passage for a husband to bed his wife in an act of imaginary violence.”
If he would have uncovered my mouth, I would have argued that what Adam was being required to do was not an act of imaginary violence, but he answered that objection without my speaking.
“Now, most of the time, when a man and a woman are wed here, that act of violence is merely for show, for entertainment…”
Oh, the many, many objections I could have made to that…
“But in yours and Adam’s case, when I knew that you would never agree to lie with him, especially when I told you that it was your duty as his wife, I ordered him to use force, or the consequences for both of you would be severe. And instead of simply just letting him perform his duties to you, you engaged in intercourse with him in a depraved and deviant way.”
Meaning I enjoyed it, I thought, and I could have laughed again.
“Then, even though you were bound by our laws to Adam, you were still romantically attached to James. You were kissing him, holding him, telling him you loved him and would marry him the second you escaped from us. In that way, you flouted the spiritual, emotional, and legal bonds of your marriage once again. You ran from us. Together with your dear Penelope, you ran off in hopes of escaping, taking care to use your dark gift to confuse my men so that they could not find you, and then, you, Adam, James, and Penelope took off into the forest.”
And we would have gotten away with it, too, if it weren’t for those meddling morons… Under his hand, I laughed for a second, and he looked at me quizzically until he resolved in himself that I had merely coughed; there was no way that I would laugh at him. Even I could not be so disrespectful of his authority, or so fearless in the face of his contained rage. 
“But before that, Brynna…” His hand came away from my mouth, and his long fingers held my chin in a painful grip, “You brutally murdered your father. You bludgeoned him over two hundred times with a metal fire-rod, and then you ripped his throat out.”
He did not pause, because he did not want me to speak.
“Do you know what I do to murderers, Brynna? I murder them, because there is no chance that they can be redeemed. So, why have I not forced you to endure our Last Night procedure and then hung you from a post with a sign displaying your disgusting crime around your neck? Because I know, deep down, that my One God has plans for you. The same way I know that he has plans for your dear Rexprimus. I thought that he had plans for your James, but…” He reached back and pulled the sheet off of James, and after a second, one of his bodyguards placed a mirror behind James’s head. 
I saw the wound for the first time. I saw the terrible, gaping hole in the back of his head, his blood, now black, caked to his hair, his broken skull exposed... His eyes were still open, and rigor mortis had set in, so his handsome face was taut and gray and waxy, so unlike him. It could have been a doll there in front of me, but I knew that it was him. My sweet James… My love… My love… My love…
From my throat, I was making awful wretching sounds, and if I had had anything in my stomach, I would have lost it there. Tyre had turned my head almost gently and was pulling a strap that he fastened over it to hold it in that direction. He pulled another strap and fastened it over my neck so tightly that if I tried to move at all, I would not be able to breathe. He was ensuring that I would be unable to look away from him.
“I told my guards that if you close your eyes, they are to administer you with the Wake plant. It will keep your eyes watering but you will be unable to even blink.” 
I was biting my lip as my eyes stayed fixed on his. I could see where the bullet had come out of his cheek. I don’t know how I had not seen that hole before, but maybe the horror of looking into his lifeless eyes had been enough to distract me from seeing it; my mind could only take so much, after all. Still, I would become painfully familiar with every detail of how he looked now that he was gone, because I could not move, and I could not close my eyes, or they would ensure that my eyes would not close… 
“This is so cruel, Brynna. I hate that I have to do this to you. But I must teach you that there are consequences for breaking our laws. I must show you that if you continue down this path, it will cause you nothing but pain. Your dear James is gone, and I know how deeply you loved him.”
I would not cry. I would not cry. I would not cry.
“Now I want you to see the consequences of your disobedience, your stubbornness, and your sickness. I am sorry to report that this is only the beginning; your crimes are many, and you will be punished for each. If I have to take every person you have ever loved from you, I will. If it will make you see the true depth of your sins, then by the One God, even your dear Penny might pay a price.”
“You will not touch Penny!” I screamed, “You will never hurt Penny!”
“You have said the same about your dear James.” He told me, and there was not even the slightest hint of gloating in his voice. There was merely a tone of sadness that he felt because I could not see the error of my ways. “
You said it many times,” He continued, “And look what has happened to him. I can take from you as I see fit, for the One God has deemed that you will help me win this war, and if I must break your very soul to make you go with me by having one of my men break Penny’s neck, then I will. Now, look upon what your disobedience has wrought for this man you loved.” 
***
I slipped far away after many hours had passed, after I lost the strength to keep crying his name and begging him to come back. Tears continued to stream down my cheeks, and my eyes continued to look between his dead eyes, the wound on his face, and the wound in the back of his head. I remained sick to my stomach, though I could not vomit, as much as I wanted to. At first, I had been unable to hide my soft, breathy sobs, but then, they had grown steadily quieter until the only evidence of my grief was the relentless stream of tears falling from my eyes. I did not make a sound. Even after my sobs had stopped, though, that sick feeling in my stomach stayed, and my chest ached with my grief for him, but after hours, or days (I was told that it was days), I slipped away into my memories of him, and into my projections of what our life together would have been like. I pictured us remaining as we were, but I pictured Penny growing up, going off to school, choosing her path in life, choosing a partner, getting married… God, he would have walked her down the aisle. If Violet had chosen to marry Nick, which I assumed (and hoped) that she would have, he would have walked her down the aisle, as well… Whenever my thoughts would go from some happy thought of what life would have been to a reminder that they would never be that way, I could not stop myself from letting out a sob.
Whenever they forced water down my throat, I threw it up, and I liked to think that my body was as dedicated to protesting their despicable cruelty as my mind was. Eventually, though, they hydrated me intravenously. Twice, I jerked so that the tube would rip out, and twice, one of Tyre’s bodyguards held me arm while the other stabbed it with the needle with all of his might. 
But one night, or day, I could not be sure, I realized that I was alone. I could not feel them in the room with me. And it was that lack of other humans in the room that awoke some fighting animal within me. I recognized that animal, because it had been in me before our world had gone to hell, but I had lost that raging beast after I had lost James. My wrists started tugging against the cuffs again, and my legs started to kick and pull backwards against the chain keeping them held firmly to the bedrail. I pulled and fought and kicked and writhed, choking myself a few times but not giving up, until my wrists were slick with my blood, and I could feel them sliding out of the cuffs just a little bit. Then, I pulled as hard as I could, tearing into my wrists a little more until I felt the first one slip out. With that hand, I began to unfasten the belts over my neck and head, and then, when I could sit up, I pulled my other wrist out, and began to tug at the chains around my ankles.
They would not budge even in the slightest, no matter how hard I pulled on them. Still, I was besieged by some instinctual need, by some Knowing that only my power could afford. He was not lost to me. Even after all this time, he was still in there, looking for his way back to me. It hurt terribly, because my body was so stiff and broken from the many fights I had faced, but I pulled my way over to him, held my breath, and wrapped my arms around him. His body was still stiff, though that would not last for much longer, and he was beginning to smell like he was rotting. Once again, I wretched and dry-heaved, just at the thought of him rotting away, at the thought of me never being able to see his handsome face again.
“James,” I whispered, when I held him again, “Baby, I’m right here. Come to my voice, James. Come to me.”
My breathing slowed, as did my heart. I closed my eyes and threw myself into that dark space. 
Where is she? Where is she? Where is she? 
I could hear him whispering it to himself, so I called his name, even though I could feel the presence of the shadow in the darkness stalking us both. Outside of that realm, I could still move my body, and I could still think separately from the thoughts I was having in that space, and I remembered Adam’s words to me:
“Your gift is the most powerful because it determines what is possible. Our minds determine what can and cannot be, and your mind is stronger than the limits of possibility.”
My instincts were guiding me now. Or maybe it was my power, telling me what to do. My eyes were already closed, because I was in that dark limbo searching for him, but I squeezed them shut a little harder when I reached up and placed my hand directly on the wound in the back of his head. All the while, my mind held back the thoughts of what Adam had told me about raising the dead. The Dionysians brought back shells, but I would bring him back whole. I would heal his injury, pull his spirit back, and raise him. I just had to tell myself that I could.
My eyes were still closed as I tried to remember what I had read about the growing of skin and the nourishing of blood. If I was going to heal him, I had to know how those biological functions worked. Getting the science right was everything, or else I would botch it, and though he would return, he would return to me a shell. I pictured the inside of his body, and I imagined it ground to a complete halt and beginning to melt away. 
He had bled out through his skull, and I had to reverse the process. Obviously, his blood would not flow back into his head from the pillow behind it, or from the floor of the compound we were in, or from the forest outside. But I could trigger his body to make more. I remembered that bone marrow produces white and red blood cells and platelets, and I remembered that plasma was the fourth ingredient. Plasma was made from both our intestines and our liver, and I knew that neither of his had been damaged. I pictured all of those parts pulling together, kicking into overdrive, and re-filling his body with blood; when I concentrated, I could see his hollow veins suddenly running through with dark liquid.
It would soon run over my hand, this new blood of my creation. I had to close his wound and repair the damage to his brain. What did I remember about growing skin? What did I remember about healing traumatic brain injuries? In regards to the former, I knew that, with his blood flowing freely now, his skin cells would begin to multiply as they were restored to health, and his skin would pull back together as new cells were made and joined. In regards to the latter, I knew that it was shaky; the brain is the most complex organ, and though I knew much about it, it was well known that no man or woman could know all of its secrets. James had been shot through the back of the head, in the cerebellum region, and the bullet had traveled out through the front of his cheek, breaking his teeth and jaw in the process. Now, I had to rely on imagery; I had to see all those wounds healing in my mind and pray that I did it right. I pictured the pieces of his brain reassembling, I watched in my mind’s eye as new teeth sprang up to replace the ones he had lost, as his jaw snapped back into place and healed. His cheek resealed, and I could see a small pockmark the bullet had left, a tiny scar, a reminder of his death that was almost ridiculous in its lack of severity. Underneath my fingers, his skin pulled together from each side of the gaping wound, feeling like thin worms slithering back to their other ends after they had been severed in half. 
So, I healed his body, but I had to find his soul quickly, or else it all would have been for naught. If there was no soul to occupy the space, then I had simply made a very handsome corpse. So, in that dark space, I called out his name.
“Brynn?” He asked, “They’re hurting you, baby. I can see them hurting you. Where are you? What are you doing here? What did they do to you?”
His voice was shaking, and his breaths were ragged. He had been running, searching for me, for all the days I had been imprisoned, which, for him, felt like centuries. All the while, he felt that creature of darkness all around him, allowing him to remain in that limbo until he resolved to give up. But that creature did not know my James. The eyes of his empty body were open, and to me, they looked dead, but he could still see me. He could see what they were doing to me, and he could feel my fear, his fear, and the rage that we shared. 
“Come on, baby. I am right here. Just come to me.” I told him, and I had to run, too, because that creature had heard my voice and was swooping down upon me. It smelled like death, like centuries of bodies piled up and left to rot in the sun. It smelled like sadness and regret and rage and fear, all that we feel when we are stuck in between the realms. Once I ran, I thought I had escaped the worst of it, but I was wrong. Something grabbed my ankle, and I crashed to the ground. 
His face was unrecognizable (because I had made him that way), but his hand, wearing his solid gold wedding band, was painfully recognizable to me. My father was pulling himself along on his stomach, his gruesomely destroyed head held up, looking right at me even though his eyes were gone. When he grasped my ankle, I could hear him shouting, though the words flew in and out of focus like they were being carried away by the wind. I kicked him, but my foot went right through. How could he grab me, but I could not kick him?
The dead have some power here. More power than the living, but less than him.
I turned around when I heard her voice, and though I had expected to see her contorted and still, as she had been when her heart had stopped, Rachel (my Rachel from Earth) was whole. 
AWAY! She shouted at my dad, and his grip on me released. She pulled me onto my feet, and because my heart was thumping so hard that it hurt, and because I was shaking so viciously, I threw my arms around her, fearing the moment they went right through her. Only they didn’t. She was solid, and when I was enclosed in her embrace and had pressed my ear to her chest, I almost thought that I would hear her heart beating, but I did not.
“Come on.” She said softly, “Let’s find him, sweetheart.”
“Rachel, what are you doing here? You’ve been gone for so long.”
“Shh… It doesn’t matter. I am alright.”
“Here? You don’t mind that you’re here?”
“I come here when you need me, baby.”
“And where do you go otherwise?”
She smiled and squeezed my hand a little tighter.
“Still so curious… I always loved that about you, how you always wanted to know everything there was to know.”
“Can’t you come back?”
“My body is gone.”
“We’ll find you a new one. You’ll just look different, but it will be you, and I could do it…”
“I know you could. That is why it is so dangerous for you to be here, Brynna. That is why it is looking for you. It knows that you can steal people back.”
“I don’t like it, Rachel. It’s all around us.”
“I know. But you are safe with me, sweetheart.”
“Daniel is here now.”
“I know.”
“Have you seen him?”
“I just did, baby.”
“He killed you…”
“Yes, and you killed him. It’s settled.”
“Is my mother in the place that you go when you’re not here?”
“Let’s not talk about her now, baby. It is too much for you right now. Let’s find James, and then before you go, I’ll tell you. Call out to him. He is close.”
“James!” I called, and to my left, I felt him. “James, I’m right here. I’m so close.”
“Brynn!” 
 “Alright, now when he takes your hand, you two are going to leave here.”
“Come with us.”
“I can’t, sweetheart. But you know that I poke my head in when you need to hear what I have to say.”
“I know. What about my mother? I hear her, too.”
“Of course you do. She carried you. You’ll always hear her, whether you want to or not. When they let her, she can speak to you.”
“‘They?’ She’s still alive?”
She pulled me to her and held me for just one second as James got nearer.
“She’s not here.”
“But she’s alive.”
“She’s not here. Or in the After.” 
“Rachel, is she alive or not?”
“Find her, Brynna. She can’t find you, but you can find her. You need her.”
“I don’t, but…”
“You do. Now, go home, baby. I’m right here when you need me.”
His arms were around me, and I was holding him, and together, we drew in a deep gasp and returned to our bodies. I was holding him so tightly that he could barely draw breath into his lungs that were gloriously functioning once again, and he was holding me just as tightly and sobbing into my chest. 
“You’re home, baby. You’re back.” I told him soothingly in his ear as I held him, “You’re back here with me. I’m right here.”
Tears began to fall from my eyes, but I was laughing softly. Never before had I been so happy. I knew that I had done it. My instincts told me that I had not botched his revival in any way. The soul in that repaired body was his, and every part of his reparation had been done flawlessly. It had taken simple knowledge and very complex imagining, but I had healed him and brought him back from that limbo. 
He was still crying, his entire body shaking as he held me, but now, his lips were kissing me wherever they could reach. My cheek, my lips, my nose, my forehead, my neck, my shoulders, my chest, the tops of my breasts… Wherever they could find a new place to kiss me, his lips kissed me. 
“I love you so much…” He managed to say after a while, “Oh, my God, I love you so much, baby. I love you. I love you. I love you.” 
“I love you, too. Look at me.”
I needed to see the light in his eyes. I needed to see that warmth in his gaze that I always saw, and when he laid his head back down, and I wiped his tears away, I looked into his eyes to see that the light was restored, the warmth was rekindled, and he was as alive as me. My soft laughter grew slightly more hysterical as the tears poured more rapidly from my eyes. I kissed him hard, as hard as I could, and when his lips parted, my tongue found his eagerly. He spun me sideways, flipping us so that I was lying beneath him now, and my hands ran down his strong chest, enclosed lightly over his hard biceps, up onto his firm, chiseled shoulders, and down his rocky abs. His skin was so warm, and his heart was beating, and his lungs were breathing in and out. 
As my hands felt every part of him, his felt every part of me. Like a typical male, he spent much of his time with his hands on my breasts, first over my tank top but then underneath. He sighed heavily and came down to kiss me hard again, and all the while his hands stayed firmly attached to both of my breasts, and I was laughing, because it was so funny, and yet I understood. He was totally breathless, totally consumed with his lust and love for me. 
“Oh, I am going to lay it on you like it’s the end of time…” He said breathlessly, and I laughed again, threw my arms up, and pulled him to me. Together, we worked my jeans and underwear down my legs, and he threw them aside at almost the same time that he shed his own jeans. I reached between his legs and sighed when my hands wrapped around him. With both hands, I pulled, slowly at first, and then faster and faster until he was so hard that any more time, and he would be unable to hold out. 
“Just do it.”
“You’re sure?”
“I’m ready.”
As hard as he was, he reached down and slowly slid one finger into me to make sure that I really was ready. 
“Okay…” He said, and we both laughed. “You’re ready.”
“I’m ready. So do it.”
And he would have, if the door had not opened. His head jerked up, and mine jerked backwards at the same time to look. 
“Jesus!” The bodyguard exclaimed as he fell backwards over his feet and crashed onto the floor. James stood up, pulling his boxers and pants back on but throwing his shirt to me. I pulled it on and buttoned it up before grabbing my underwear and pants off of the floor.
By the time I turned back around, James had grabbed the bodyguard’s throat and lifted him with one hand into the air. 
“Oh, my stars…” I murmured in surprise as James pushed him back against the wall, still holding him with one hand and still hold him so that the guard’s feet were at least two feet off of the ground. The guard’s face was beginning to turn from red to blue just as I slunk up behind James.
“I saw what you did to her.” He spat, “I was watching, you motherfucker!”
“Come on.” I said softly, as I wrapped my arms around him and ran my hands down his middle. “Bring him down here so we can kill him and go, baby.”
He released his throat, and the bodyguard crashed to the ground, and after that, we lost ourselves in the killing frenzy and only resurfaced when there were no more appendages to rip, skin to shred, or veins to tear through. Blood had splattered onto the walls and run outwards across the floor to the farthest reaches of the room, and it was covering both of us from head to toe. James looked up at me, and his white eyes dissolved back into their usual, perfect warm brown, and my white eyes turned back to blue, but it was a brighter and more radiant blue than they had ever been. Gently, James moved my hair away from my face with one hand and used his thumb to wipe the blood from my forehead so that it didn’t get into my eyes. He smiled, and it was the slight, content smile I often saw on his face when he was looking at me from across a room or any other time when he thought I wasn’t looking. I smiled, and it was my full, ecstatic beam that made my cheeks flush red and set my heart off pounding at the sight of his warm eyes and warm smile.
I rose onto my knees and closed the space between us so I could kiss him. 
“I love you so much.” I said after I had pulled away from him. 
He kissed me now, caressing my lips gently with his.
“I love you, too, baby. Now, let’s go, because as soon as we’re safe…”
“You’re going to lay it on me like it’s the end of time. I know, and if you say it in your sultry baritones, you’re going to make me come for twenty minutes, and we don’t have that kind of time. So let’s go.”
“Oh, say that again.” He said as I pulled him onto his feet, “Say it, and I’ll be the one coming for twenty minutes. Except I’d be dead by the end of the twenty minutes, because I’m pretty sure that…”
I turned around, stopping our walk out of my cell midstride. 
“Don’t.” I said, and I was suddenly very serious. “Don’t even joke about you… about you…being… about you leaving me, and…” I could not even say it, because even thinking it made the tears rush into my eyes, and made my throat lock, and he had to stop, and hold me, and apologize. 
“Don’t apologize, either.” I said, and he kissed my cheek, and then he kissed my closed, tearing eyes, down my nose, to my lips. As he kissed me, my tears slowed, and his thumbs wiped the last of them away as his forehead rested against mine.
“I’m right here, sweetheart, and I’m never going to leave you again. Do you hear me?” He asked me softly, and I could hear the threat of tears in his voice. I nodded. “Good.” He kissed my forehead, “Good.”
With my hand in his, he led us through the dark corridors, past the other cells, which he would not let me look into, because he said once we got ourselves patched up, and we got some of our strength back, we would come back, but until then, we didn’t have the time to stop. Until we would be able to protect our people who were locked away, we couldn’t free them. Already, I was beginning to slow down, because the signs of my imprisonment were beginning to rear their ugly heads at me. My head was spinning as my heart was forced to beat too fast, and my lungs were rasping with each breath I tried to take. I felt like a rattling collection of bones that was seconds away from collapsing, and I would have, had I forced my body to keep pushing forward. But without a word, James scooped me up into his arms with such ease, because his newer, unbelievable strength, coupled with my substantial weight loss, made it even easier for him to carry me.
“Just hold on to me, baby. I’ve got you.” He whispered, and I closed my eyes, burrowed my face into his neck, and stayed there, suddenly so tired. “I’ve got you, sweetheart.”
He ran up a long set of metal stairs, holding me with one arm, and kicked open the door at the end. I heard several exclamations of surprise, and then a shout that Maxwell and Olivier were escaping, and then the sound of the railing on the stairs behind us breaking in half as James was inexplicably able to rip it off. Still holding me with one hand, he expertly swung and stabbed the heavy, jagged piece of metal as each man rushed us. 
“Let me down. I can help.” I told him softly.
“Nope.” He said, and he held me a little tighter to stop me from rolling out of his grasp. I did not even try, because I knew that with my malnourishment and lack of sleep, and after being totally drained by the act of bringing him back to life, I would hinder him in the fight. He would have to watch me and watch himself, so I just closed my eyes and held on while he handled them. When they were all dead, he quickly reached into their pockets, looking for weapons, and found two knives and one small metal object that was obviously some very small explosive. He tucked one of the knives into my pocket and kissed my forehead.
“Happy Birthday.”
“Is it my birthday?”
“I don’t know. But maybe.” 
“Do you know when my birthday was?”
“February 8th.”
“Very good. Did I tell you that, or did you learn that when you were cyber-stalking me?”
He paused.
“You told me, of course.”
I laughed rather hard at that, knowing that he was lying. 
“It wasn’t cyber-stalking if I had no malicious intent. And besides, I’m carrying you right now, and that’s pretty chivalrous, so shouldn’t that cancel out what you deem creepy cyber-stalking but what was actually just me trying to figure out if you were the same Brynna Olivier I had seen in my dream? Shouldn’t I be forgiven since I am being chivalrous right now?”
“Never.”
“Should I drop you?”
“If you want to get punched in the face.”
He chuckled and kissed my forehead.
“I’m going to make you six of my famous stuffed cheeseburgers, and you’re going to eat every one, Brynna Olivier. Your spine is stabbing into my forearm, and your beautiful eyes are beginning to sink in. Not to mention, you know, I feel like I’m carrying a loaf of bread.”
“Am I a loaf of bread? Why can’t I be something fancy? Like croissants or English muffins?”
“English muffins are fancy?” He asked with a laugh as he opened another door and continued to charge up the hallway. 
“Yes! Especially the whole-grain ones. They were like, twenty bucks the last time I went to a grocery store on Earth.”
“They were expensive. Still, you are going to eat six of my famous stuffed cheeseburgers, and six handfuls of my famous fries.”
“All of your food is famous.”
“Yes! It is. And you will eat all my famous food until you’re back to normal.”
“Oh, gee, it will be torture, eating your amazing stuffed cheeseburgers and amazing fries. Let me have a good cry about it right now as I simultaneously have a foodgasm.”
He laughed at that, and it was one of his raucous, hysterical laughs reserved only for me, and my arms wrapped around his neck and squeezed even more tightly.
“Oh, I would have missed that ridiculous laugh.”
“You’ll never have to miss it.”
“I know.”
“Alright, baby… Brace yourself.” He threw open the door, and we expected to stumble back as the sunlight blinded us, but it was not the light of the sun that was blinding us. Instead, it was the lights on the end of at least twenty guns that were being pointed in our faces. James reacted immediately, putting me down and throwing me behind him. He had to reach back and hold me there with both hands because I was struggling to get around him. I tried to keep the sound of my cries quiet, but I couldn’t stand that they were pointing their guns at him, that he could be shot again, and that this time, I would be unable to bring him back.
“Drop it! Drop the weapon!” One of them said, and he made a great show of reaching his hand out, opening it up, and dropping the piece of railing.
“Don’t shoot.” I said from behind him. “We won’t fight. Just don’t shoot.”
“Baby, shh…” He said gently.
“Mr. Maxwell,” Tyre’s voice said, and the lights parted as he walked through the center of the men holding their guns. “It appears that I was right; the One God still has plans for you. And Brynna… My, my, Ms. Olivier… Your powers are far beyond what even Adam thought possible. You will be of such use to me.”
“I will do nothing for you.” I spat at him, as I looked at him with my red eyes over James’s shoulder. 
“Oh, you will. As soon as we settle this little issue…” He gestured between James and me, “…you will do whatever I say, or you will be remanded from my custody, if you will.”
“I won’t. And you’re not going to touch him!” Now, I was struggling not to yell, “You’re not going to touch him, do you hear me?”
“I hear you, my darling. You say that I will not touch him, but may I tell you something? Neither will you. Take them to the Dark Rooms. We are going to end this fixation once and for all.” 

Quinn

There was nothing in that dark space when I first arrived. But once Alice began calling out to me, her voice echoing upwards, downwards, and all around me, fading in and fading out, I knew that there was something there. Or maybe it was someone. I couldn’t know, but whatever or whoever it was, I knew to stay away. Every time I felt it getting closer, my legs carried me instinctually in the opposite direction. I ran in what I thought was the direction from which I had heard Alice’s voice coming, but I couldn’t find her. 
“Quinn?” An unrecognizable voice said, “Quinn?”
Was it that thing in the darkness? Or was someone outside of that place calling me back? I couldn’t leave without Alice. She was still lost in that endless void. Before I was pulled from it, I had to find her. Frantically, I ran, but every time I thought I had found her, her voice echoed towards me from far away. I ran, but there was no end to that darkness. There was no end to that place, and all the while, that thing was stalking me, trying to ensure that they could not pull me back. 
“Quinn? Wake up now.”
There was a bitter smell suddenly, something foreign and disembodied that didn’t belong where I was. In that separate place, I could only smell the rot of every dead soul who had ever crossed through or been forced to stay. But the new smell was something of our world.
“Go back.” A voice said, and I recognized and took comfort in that voice; I had heard it so many times. Brynna.
“Quinn, she’ll find her way.” She told me, “Go back.”
“Where are you, Brynna? Why are you here?”
“Go, Quinn.”
I woke up abruptly and found two huge eyes, surrounded by crow’s feet, staring down at me. They were comically large, and the same shade of blue as a robin’s egg, and I could have laughed, if I hadn’t been so afraid of that place I had been in and so worried about Alice. 
“Don.” I said. “What are you doing here? I thought that you would have gotten stuck in the village.”
It was well-known that the leadership was supposed to stay behind until all the civilians had been evacuated. I don’t know why I was surprised that Don had chosen to neglect his duties as our leader in order to save his own skin, and I also don’t know why I wasn’t sufficiently outraged. Maybe it was the fear that was keeping me from experiencing the full rage and disgust that I would have felt otherwise. I only had so much of a tolerance for strong, unpleasant emotions.
“Where’s Alice?” I asked, before he could lie and say that either Adam or Brynna had told him to run.
“She’s here.”
“Is she alright? What about Violet, Penny, and Nick?”
“They said that I shouldn’t talk to you about all this right now. You fared better than they did. I probably shouldn’t have said that.” He stopped, and I threw myself into a sitting position. We were locked inside a cell made of three cold concrete walls and one wall comprised of iron bars. If it weren’t for the torches outside of the cell, we would have been in total darkness, and my heart plunged at the memory of that place I had been in while I was unconscious; I feared that Alice was still in that place, calling out to me, running from that thing…
“God, I am an awful leader. I am the worst leader in history.”
“Shut up.” I snapped at him, “I need to think.”
I stood up and began to pace, and what I needed wasn’t so much to think as it was to worry. If I knew the Old Spirits (and I did by then), then I knew that there was no way out of the cell. We were at their mercy, so I would not be seeing Alice, Violet, Penny, or Nick until they said that I could. I could fight and try to escape, but then they would hurt Alice or one of my friends. I had not been awake for more than ten minutes, and already, I knew the situation was hopeless.
“You really are a shitty leader. I have to agree with you. In both Earth history, which I know pretty well, and Pangaean history, which I don’t know at all.” I snapped at him, “You might not be stupid, but you’re evil and you’re a coward!”
“I know, I know. I ran away. I flouted that stupid law about governors remaining behind with their burning villages. But you would have done it, too. Anyone would have done it. Everyone would have done it.”
“Really? So that’s why Adam, Janna, and Brynna aren’t here? God, she’s twenty-four years old, and she’s a better leader than you!”
“She is stupid and reckless with both her life and the lives of our people. Look at what she did! Look at what she brought down on us! We were fine until she made that deal with Paul.”
“They would have invaded us either way. We should have hunted them down and killed them, but we took too long arguing about how to do it. That wasn’t her fault. There was someone buried in our camp, and that person or those people took their sweet old time, but they got word out to the Old Spirits, and they found their way to us. Paul would have found his way to us, and he would have led them back to us if he could. Where are we? Are we in the cells under the prison? Did they bring us back?”
“No. We’re in the bunkers, miles underground. Hope you’re not claustrophobic.”
I was, slightly. But right then, I just didn’t care. There were too many other things to worry about.
“Quinn Wesley.” 
I turned around to find a familiar and very unwelcome face standing on the other side of the bars. Caspar Elohimson was looking in at me, smiling snidely the way he always seemed to be smiling. Brynna had kept her discussions with him secret, but she had alluded to him and Adam having a strained relationship. Now, it seemed, he had changed his allegiance. He had abandoned his father’s camp. 
“Yes, yes. It is all very shocking.” He said, “I have abandoned the glorious reign of the undefeatable King Adam, whom I heard was terribly defeated.”
“What about Brynna and James? Where are they?”
“Brynna is alive. James is dead.”
My heart plummeted again. For a second, I was so dizzy that I thought I would have to lean forward, holding my stomach and closing my eyes until the swell of emotion had subsided. I couldn’t imagine it. I couldn’t fathom that he was gone. And Brynna… She was all alone, and I couldn’t imagine her grief. I didn’t want to imagine it. If I did, I would picture myself without Alice, and I couldn’t afford to lose it. Even though I did not want to see it, I pictured Brynna locked away somewhere, alone with her grief and longing for him. She loved him so much. Plus, James was one of the best guys I knew. We had all grown to love him like a much older brother or like a dad. We all looked up to him, and whined to him about our problems, and in mine and Alice’s case, worked with him every day. And he was gone. 
“Don’t worry, Quinn. The great and powerful Brynna Olivier will find a way to resurrect him. I have no doubt that she will find a way if she is given half a chance. I have no doubt that she will succeed in bringing back something. Normally, resurrection is left to us Dionysians, but she will try. Though if we have not been able to master the art of bringing back a person whole, then I doubt that she will be able to do so.”
“She’s smarter than you. She’s better than you. As a person, she is better, so she’ll be able to do it.”
“If they allow her near him. They know that she is brilliant and could bring him back. They will not allow her to try. Well, maybe Tyre will allow her. He is so invested in his little project, after all.”
“Yeah. His project isn’t so much a project as it is an obsession. He’s obsessed with her.”
“I do not argue that fact, but is she the project to which I am referring? Hmm…” He said thoughtfully. 
He was trying to screw with my mind, and I would not let him. I could not afford to lose my footing in the conversation, not when there was so much I needed to learn from him. So, instead of taking the bait, I asked a different question.
“Why would they kill him? And how? How did they do it?”
He seemed slightly put out that I hadn’t pushed the issue, so he asked rather sulkily:
“What does it matter?”
“It matters to me!”
“There was an uprising of sorts.” He explained, “Rich Bachum and a few of his loyal followers took my father, mother, James, and Brynna out into the woods to execute them, but Tyre arrived just in time to stop that from happening. Regrettably, he arrived a little too late for James.”
“They shot him.”
“He died quickly. That is more than he deserves.”
“He was a good man.”
“Was he? I just do not know. I think he was a man of many secrets, and Tyre knows that he was. And as for Brynna’s opinion on whether or not he was a good man, I must ask: For how many months did she keep him away after he had sex with my mother? My mother, who is a married woman, when he was, for all intents and purposes, a married man?”
“Your mother seduced him while he was mad at Brynna, and yeah, he shouldn’t have given in, but guess what? James screwed her and threw her aside like she was nothing. He spent months waiting for Brynna, and after she took him back, they were happy.” Those words hit me like a bomb, and yet I said them again, “They were happy.”
“Were.” Never before had using the past-tense hurt so badly. I stopped talking and turned away from him. If we talked about James and Brynna anymore, I would lose it, and if there was one thing that they had taught me, it was that I could never afford to be seen as weak.
“Where is Alice?”
“Right down the hallway, asking for you.”
“I want to see her.”
“Yes, and she wants to see you. But right now is not the time.”
“Take me to her. Now.”
“They will bring her to you when they are finished with her.”
“Finished with her?” My stomach turned over. They couldn’t be… They wouldn’t… Not to her. Not when she had never…
“Oh, don’t worry, Quinn. Alice’s virtue is well-known, and it will be protected. A pious young girl like her is eligible for a high-standing marriage.”
“Fuck you!” I slammed my hand into the bars, “No one is going to touch her! Take me to her right now!”
“Quinn…” Don stood up and placed a hand on my shoulder, “Not now. They’ll bring her to you soon, just not now. I saw her, and she’s fine. Just relax.”
“I’m surprised you guys haven’t shot him.”
“Mr. Abba has been more than forthcoming with some crucial information. As we knew he would be.”
“And what about me?”
“You will be an upstanding member of our society, too, Quinn. You think that the ridiculous military training to which we subjected you and Alice will keep you from submitting to us, but you will submit. The one lesson they didn’t teach you was how not to give in when a loved one is threatened. If I were to say that Alice will be killed if you don’t submit…”
“…I would say that she is apparently eligible for a high-standing marriage, which means killing her would rob a high-standing man of a wife, so you’re full of shit.”
“Believe me, she is of no more use to them in a high-standing marriage than she is to them dead. So do not fool yourself into believing that that will save her. No, you will give in. They ask you what your secret is, when they train you. Do you remember what yours was?”
“I didn’t have one. Maybe that was why I was able to withstand it.”
“No. Your secret is that you’ll give in if she is threatened. You’ll give in if they threaten to take her from you. Do you know what her secret is? She has never said, but I know, the way that I know these things: She would not give in for you. She will withstand all their terrible torments out of pride and dedication not to him…” He pointed at Don, “but to Brynna Olivier and James Maxwell. If they threatened your life, she still would not give in.”
“You think that offends me? That she’s stronger than me? I’ve always known that.”
“Well, good. Then you know that she will more than likely survive this, and you will not.”
“Caspar…” I said, “I am counting on that.”

Violet

“Now just reach out and touch her, James. Put your hand on her knee.”
“I won’t.”
I watched as a hand flipped a switch on a small machine, and as an electric blue substance traveled from the machine through some thin tubes that were stuck into her back at the top of her spine. Brynna’s body lurched upwards, convulsing violently, and I watched her eyes roll back and then close as she fell forward. He watched her, his eyes red only when he looked away; they remained light brown when they were rested on her. When the convulsions subsided, Brynna’s body stayed hunched over, and behind the chair she was sitting in, her hands twisted weakly against the thick ropes around her wrists. 
“I am going to destroy all of you.” James snarled, “I swear to God, I will fucking kill you!” 
“No. You are going to reach out and put your hand on her knee.”
“James…” She managed to whisper.
“I know, baby.” He whispered back, “I know it hurts. But you’re so strong. You are so strong, sweetheart.”
They threw the switch again, and this time, she convulsed even more violently and cried out, though she had been biting her lip to stop herself from making a sound. In my sleep, tears began to rush from underneath of my closed eyelids. I wanted to rush to her, to save her, to make them stop hurting her… She was in so much pain, and she was so afraid, that her mind was casting itself out wildly, looking for a place to go, for someone to find who could comfort her. Her mind found me, though I know she never would have found me by choice; she never would have wanted me to see her that way. 
“You love touching her, James. So touch her.” 
He scowled at them, his eyes darker than blood, but he reached out his hand that he was trying to keep steady, and rested it on her knee. She whimpered softly, and he whispered that he was so sorry, he was so sorry, he loved her, he was so sorry… And they threw the switch again. The liquid flowed through, finding the place where his hand was rested and lighting up blue beneath her skin. Her whole body convulsed, but the place where his hand touched shook worse than the rest of her. That time, she bit through her lip as she tried to stifle her scream. They did it countless more times, making him place his hands on her in different places: her face, her neck, her breasts, and worst of all, between her legs. When they sent the substance to meet his touch there, she screamed so loud that one of the guards in the back of the room covered his ears, and James could not help but let the tears fall as he just whispered how much he loved her and how sorry he was.
“Please make them stop, James.” She cried. “It hurts, James.”
“I know it hurts.” He whispered back, and he strained against the ropes so he could kiss her. 
“It ends any time you want it to end, my sweet child.” Tyre told her gently, “All you must do to make it stop is tell him that you will not see him anymore. Tell me.”
She looked up at him, her blue eyes tearing still, and James was looking at her, his heart dreading the moment she said the words, though he would not blame her when she did. Her blue eyes dissolved into red so dark they were almost black, though, and when she spoke, she said, “I will never say that.” Her eyes fell on James, and they dissolved back to blue, “Do you hear me?” She said to him, “I will never say those words, James Maxwell, and you know it.”
Again, he strained against the ropes, and when he kissed her, she kissed him back hard. The jolt they delivered to both of them made their joined lips light up blue, and sent their bodies flying backwards, away from each other, out of reflex. 
“Gotta say, that was new.” He told her, “It’s never felt like that when you’ve kissed me before.”
She laughed, beyond hysterically, her entire body shaking, and he did, too. Another jolt, though, a worse one, and their grins turned to grimaces, their laughs to stifled grunts of pain.
“It’s over. It’s over. Just let her go.” James was saying later, and he was speaking quickly and desperately as she stayed slumped over in her chair. Her body was still trembling, her lips were still blue, but now her face was terribly bloodied. “She’s exhausted, and she’s cold, and she’s so sick. She needs a doctor. Just take her away.”
“No.” Tyre said, and he gently pushed Brynna back so she was sitting up. Her head fell backwards, then rolled sideways and slumped forward. “Give her more Wake. Just enough to fight off the sleep, not enough to paralyze her. We need her to move, James. It’s your turn.” 
Her eyes were wide with the wakefulness the drug of the same name inflicted on its victims. The alertness was a bandage to be placed over the gaping wound of exhaustion, and under her sunken eyes were dark rings that were almost black. The blood was a dark contrast against her glowing white skin, and her ribs and chest, which I could see because she was wearing only her bra and jeans, were protruding disturbingly. 
James was hooked up, too, and Tyre was telling Brynna softly to reach out and touch his face. She shook her head and murmured something, and Tyre whispered fiercely in her ear that she was trying his patience. 
“Brynna.” James said firmly, “Do it.” 
She looked up at him and shook her head, whispering that she loved him. 
“Brynna!” James barked at her as Tyre lowered his hand from her chin to her throat and squeezed hard. With his other hand, he twisted her wrist, and if she had been able to draw in a breath, she would have screamed, but his grip on her throat was too strong. He placed her hand on James’s face, and they threw his switch. Tyre held her face so she could watch him convulse, and the tears poured silently from her eyes. Tyre moved her hand all over him, holding her face still so that she was forced to watch, and in between each turn of the switch, he somehow found the strength to whisper to her that it was alright. They were so similar, I realized. They both were too proud to cry outwardly, so they only had those silent tears streaming from their eyes. Neither one would give up on the other; they would not give in to their tormentors. Both looked on those tormentors with the rage provoked by the need to protect the other. They would not break, no matter what. Even if that torture killed them, they would not break.
Minutes of pain accumulated into hours of pain, and the hours turned to days. During that time, it was relentless. Finally, when Brynna reached her hand out to touch him at Tyre’s command, he cried out for her to stop. He begged her not to touch him. Her eyes looked at him, and I could see how wounded she was. 
“James…” She whispered, and the heartbreak I could hear in her voice broke my heart, too. The tears fell more quickly in my sleep. 
“Don’t touch me.” He whispered, “Please, please, don’t touch me.”
“Touch her, James.”
“Stop.” He said, so softly that they couldn’t hear him, “Stop. Please. I’ll never touch her again. I’ll never speak to her again. I’ll never look at her again. Just please stop.”
“James!” She exclaimed through her tears. 
“You are so stubborn!” He spat at her, and furious tears were pouring from his eyes. He found the strength somewhere in him to bellow, “You are so stupid! You’re dying! You stupid fucking bitch! They are killing us, and you won’t give in! I don’t want you! Do you hear me?! I don’t want you anymore! And I don’t want your kid! I don’t want your family!”
“This is the desired outcome.” Tyre told her, “This is what we want when we do this, and this is what always happens. He will never touch you again, Brynna. He will never look on you warmly again. You have caused him days upon days of agony, and he will never look on you warmly after this. I am sorry that this had to be our course of action at all, but I am most sorry that it was not you who broke. I can feel your heart. I can feel how it is utterly ruined.” His hand came around and rested on her chest, “It would have been so much easier for you if you had just let go of him first.” 
“James!” She cried out again, “James, I love you.”
“Take her away.” James ordered them, “Take her out of here.”
“Please, just let me stay with him. I want to stay with him! JAMES!”
“Take her away.” He continued to say, looking away from her as she reached out to him, “I don’t want you anymore! I don’t want you! Don’t you fucking look at me! Take her out of here! I don’t want to see her!”
Tyre tried to carry her from the room, but she broke free of his grasp, collapsed to the ground, and crawled towards him on her stomach. She used his legs to pull herself up, and he exclaimed as the pain rocketed through him. Her touch alone was able to provoke him to feel that pain; they did not even have to use the drug anymore. Every time her hands landed in a new place on him, he cried out and convulsed, and when his hands, out of reflex, out of desperate need to stop the pain, grabbed the tops of her arms, her body collapsed into him as she screamed out in agony. He was trying to push her away, but she was trying to embrace him, to beg him to come back to her in between the screams she let out each time his hands came into contact with her, until finally, to get her away, his hand came back, and he hit her so hard that her grip on him released, and she crashed to the ground, her eyes rolling back for another second.
“TAKE HER AWAY!” James bellowed, and his knuckles were bloodied from where he had hit her. “TAKE HER OUT OF HERE!”
I awoke with a start, and sat upright in bed before my eyes had even fully opened. I was lying in a bed in a small windowless room, but there were no iron bars keeping me locked inside, only a large metal door. I looked around frantically, trying to discern my surroundings. 
“Nick!” I called out, because I needed him more in that moment than I had ever needed him. “Alice! Quinn!”
The last thing I remembered was the bright light that had scared away the trebestia. I had not known if we were being rescued by our allies or our enemies, but my heart was telling me in that moment that I was in the presence of the latter. Every instinct within me knew that I was captured. 
“NICK!” I screamed, and I tried to stand. My legs collapsed instantaneously, and like Brynna had done, I forced myself to crawl across the ground on my stomach, “NICK!”
The lock in the door clicked, and the door swung open, nearly nailing me in the face. 
“Caspar!” I breathed, as he knelt down beside me and helped me into a sitting position.
“Oh, my darling Violet…” He whispered as he held me tightly, “Are you alright? How do you feel?”
“They have Brynna and James. They’re torturing them! We have to go! We have to find them, before it’s too late.”
“No. That is not possible, Violet.”
“We’ll figure a way out of this. We will, Caspar! We always do! Where is Nick?”
“Violet…”
“We have to get him and Alice and Quinn, and then we have to go…”
“Violet.”
“I think I can stand. It doesn’t matter. I’ll force myself. We just have to go find her. Nick knows these parts of the forest like the back of his hand, he’s so good at navigating, and Quinn…”
“Violet.” He grasped my face gently and raised my head so I was looking at him. “I want you to hear this from me and no one else, alright? They will tell you this only in a way that will cause you the most pain, because not only did you nearly destroy them when you were in the North, but since you are her sister, you are just as ‘depraved’ as she is. Violet…” He grasped my cheek now.
“Don’t tell me…” I started to say. My heart was beating so fast, and my breaths were quickening. Maybe I already knew. How could I not have known, after how he had led into it… How could I not know that he was… He was…
“Nick is gone, my love.” He told me as gently as he could.
“No…” I moaned.
“We could not revive him. He succumbed to his injuries last night.”
“No. No, Caspar… He didn’t… He didn’t…”
“I am so sorry. My darling Violet, I am so sorry. We did all we could. Truly, we did.”
“We?”
“They forced Miletus to work on him, and she did everything in her power, but it was not enough. Just give me the word, and I will kill her for you. I will kill her for failing him, for failing in her duties. For failing you.” His hand came up to rest on my cheek as he said it, and his eyes were alight with the glow of earnestness, of a chivalrous need to avenge me. Or what he thought was a chivalrous need. 
“No!” I shouted at him, as the tears began to pour down my cheeks, “Leave her alone! And what do you mean ‘we?!’ What are you talking about?”
“I am one of them now, Violet.”
“GET OUT!” I shouted, “No! Take me to Nick! Take me to him right now!” 
I reached up and slapped him, wanting to hit him until there was nothing left of that deceitfully handsome face, until he was dead, too. Maybe if he died, I could have Nick back. Maybe Caspar’s life could be used as a means of trade to get Nick’s back, an evil life for the life of someone so good and so pure… If the One God was as benevolent as Adam claimed he was, He would allow the trade… If I could just see Nick, maybe I could bring him back. But then, if Dr. Miletus could not revive him, and she was the head Medice on all of Pangaea… But I had to believe that there was something I could do. He couldn’t be gone. He just couldn’t be. There was no way that God could be so cruel as to take him away. I loved him so much, and I couldn’t lose him. I couldn’t. I couldn’t.
“Move.” A male voice said, and the door opened to reveal Paul, who apparently had stayed behind to oversee the overthrow. He had Dr. Miletus by the upper arm, and he threw her into the room with me. When I went to rush to her, because I just needed someone familiar to me to hold me and maybe comfort me, Paul held up his hand and said, “Ah-ah…” to stop me, like I was a child. 
“Do you know how we deal with doctors up north who fail as miserably as this one has?” Paul asked me, and Brynna had not been lying when she had said that when he spoke, he sounded like the host of a children’s show, with his random rises in inflection and his persistent jolliness. Dr. Miletus’s hair had fallen out of her usual tight bun, and her eyes were ringed by dark circles. There was a cut on her lip and a large bruise and cut on her cheek—I saw flecks of blood on Paul’s ring and assumed that he was the culprit behind her injury. 
“We ask the family of the loved ones what we should do.” He continued, “Now, this is not with everyone. Only when the fix was easy and the physician still finds some way to fail do we ask the grieving family how the physician should be punished.”
“I am so sorry, Violet.” She whispered to me, “I tried. I did everything I could for him, but I…”
“She passed out mid-surgery. Sucked out too much venom, I suppose.” Caspar explained, and just because he was so cruel, he placed his foot on her back and pushed down hard so that she collapsed onto the ground.
“Stop it!” I shouted at him, “Leave her alone!” 
I crawled the rest of the way to her and helped her sit up. As I wrapped my arms around her neck, she wrapped her arms around my middle.
“I am so sorry. I am so sorry, Violet. He was an angel. He was such a good boy, and I am so sorry for your loss of him.”
I didn’t respond. My grip on her just tightened a little more, and my sobs intensified suddenly. 
“I take it that you do not want her to suffer a punishment.”
“No! Of course I don’t!” I snapped, “Go away!” 
“Leave the women alone to grieve, Caspar.” Paul said, and though he did not sound disappointed at all when he spoke, nor did he look it, Caspar looked murderous enough in his disappointment for the two of them. “Let’s go.”
Paul took him from the room before Caspar could speak another word. Once the door was closed and locked, Dr. Miletus helped me stand and took me back to the bed. She sat down beside me after propping me up against the pillow and took my hands in both of hers. 
“He was so strong, darling. He held on for so long. He resurfaced three times, and the second time, I told him that I had to take his leg, and he did not hesitate. He nodded, and told me to do it. And God, you were all he asked about.”
“Oh, God… Oh, God…” I cried, and the sobs were so intense and violent that my stomach was beginning to cramp. 
“Alright. Come now, sweetheart. Lie down.” She helped me get under the covers and then she laid down behind me. “You still need to rest, Violet. Close your eyes, sweetheart.”
“I can’t… Oh, my God… Oh, God… Oh, God… Nick… He can’t… He can’t leave me…”
I couldn’t stop picturing his face. I couldn’t stop remembering every moment, both significant and mundane, that we had shared over our two years together. I couldn’t accept it. I couldn’t fathom it. He couldn’t be gone. He just couldn’t. He was so good, and so kind. God couldn’t take him away. God couldn’t take away his chance for an immortal life, not when he so deserved one. The world needed him. It needed his goodness and his kindness, but he was gone.
“Go to sleep, sweetheart.” Dr. Miletus said again, and my eyes closed, “Go to sleep.”
It took many hours of her holding me tightly and stroking my hair gently, and I don’t know how many tears I must have shed, but eventually, my need to escape the reality of his death drained the last of my strength that I was using to keep myself awake.
The only way I was able to drift off was by convincing myself that it was all just a dream, and he would be beside me when I awoke, and Brynna and James would be making breakfast in the kitchen, and the whole world would be alright again. I knew it would hurt just as badly to face reality once again when I awoke, but as I drifted off, I was at peace, and I knew it would be the last peace that I would have for a very, very long time.

Brynna
They dropped me onto Adam’s floor unceremoniously and ordered him to stand with his hand on the wall until they left, but you had better believe that the second the door was closed and locked, he was beside me, turning me over as delicately as his rough hands would allow. My body was so broken, sick, and exhausted that any movement, even the slightest, left the part of me I had tried to move shaking and limp. 
“Adam…” I cried, “Adam…”
“What have they done to you, my love?” He whispered as he took one of my arms and placed it around his neck. His other arm slid under my legs, and even though I had lost a significant amount of weight, he still struggled ever so slightly to lift me. He, too, was broken, sick, and exhausted.
“I have been so worried. It has been so many days, and I feared the worst.” 
He laid me down on a bed that was surprisingly comfortable and started to walk away from me. A sound escaped my throat, something between a moan of horror, a sob, and a gasp as my hands wrapped around one of his. His other hand came up to stroke my hair, and even though I had told him that our relationship was over because I would be trying to patch things with James, he kissed me. Very gently, his lips caressed mine, and though it was only for a second, it left my insides feeling warmer than they had felt in however long we had been imprisoned. It was so simple a gesture, so delicate, and so unexpected, and yet he fulfilled it with such love, concern, and passion that it was able to make me feel something other than the residual pain in my body. It was able to make me feel good for just one second.
“I am not going far, my beauty.” He told me, and the gentleness of his voice helped the warmth left by his kiss spread outwards a little further. His lips kissed my nose and then my forehead. “I am going to run you a bath. We must get these injuries cleaned and bandaged before you can sleep, sweetheart.”
“I am so tired.” I cried, and my voice was high-pitched like a little girl’s, totally overtaken by the tears that were streaming down my eyes. His green eyes looked utterly pained as his thumbs wiped those tears away. He took me in his arms, holding me to his sturdy body and helping me move my arms up so I could hold him. 
“I know, my darling. Rest here while I get everything ready, alright?”
I nodded and closed my eyes, allowing a light sleep to wash over me. Like that warmth that had kindled inside of me when he had kissed me and spoken so gently to me, the sleep cradled me, allowing my thoroughly exhausted body and mind to relax. I knew that for the time being, I was safe with him, and as I dozed, I could feel him there in the room with me. It took very little energy to cast my eyes out into the room I was in, so I watched as he tested the water that was rushing from the golden spigot into the large tub with his hand. He turned the nozzle to make the water hotter, until I could see the steam rising from the tub. Perhaps I had mentioned it to him, but I more than likely had not, and still, he seemed to know that I liked my baths to be so hot that it took at least ten minutes to get acclimated. 
He came to me, and his steady hands began to undress me. I opened my eyes, though I didn’t care if he saw me. He had seen me when we had made glorious, passionate, rebellious love in the prison, and I remembered how his eyes had glazed over with hunger and longing as he had observed my body. Now, I knew, he would not look at me in the same way while I was so obviously sick and so terribly injured, but I did not feel the need to cover myself in shame, either. My pants and underwear slid down my legs, and he left them in a pile at the end of the bed. I lifted my torso up as far as I could, and though it had barely come two inches off of the mattress, he slid his hands behind me and unhooked my bra. I let him pull it off, and then, he lifted me into his strong arms again, and took me into the bathroom.
From behind me, he placed one hand on my abdomen to keep me steady, and with the other, he held my hand as I took one step into the steaming, hot water. It burned perfectly, and when I nodded, he helped me lower myself into the bath. A sigh escaped me, and he chuckled softly. In response to that sound I knew and loved so much, I placed both of my hands on his face and pulled him to me so I could kiss his lips. I thought that he would try to break away, but he did not, and I did not, either. As long kisses go, it was a rather chaste one, and in the back of my mind, I remembered the feeling of his tongue in my mouth, pushing hard against mine, of his hands holding me to him tightly as I rubbed against his groin, feeling him stiffening for me… 
It had been easy to watch him as he moved about the room while I was dozing. It was supremely difficult to keep my passionate thoughts concerning him to myself. He broke from me, lowered his head so he could press his forehead to mine, and whispered, “You do not want to do this, sweetheart. He has only just died.” Then, he reached out to grasp the new bar of soap in the soap dish. At the mention of “him,” the memories of those days came back; I remembered how we had spent them imprisoned, in pain, being tortured brutally. I remembered the way those days had ended, with him declaring me the enemy, saying he would never touch me or even look at me again… The tears started silently, but when I reminded myself that I was safe with him, I released the breathy sobs that had been held firmly in my chest. It sounds so very cliché to say, but once I began to cry out loud, and those sobs had been dislodged from my chest, I felt lighter. When I began to tell him all that had happened, that weight lessened even more. For some reason, I could tell Adam things that I could tell no other, and I always felt lighter after I did.
“You brought him back? You healed him and brought his soul back? He is whole?”
I nodded as I brought my hands up to quickly massage the shampoo into my scalp. Then I laid back against his arm so he could rinse the shampoo out of my hair. He knew that I was not ready to leave the warmth of the tub, so he continued to hold me there in the hot water.
“How did you do it?”
“I just thought my way through it.”
“By the One God…” He murmured, and his eyes rose to meet mine, “By the One God, Brynna Olivier…”
“Is that a good appeal to the One God?” I asked, and my voice was so weak that I was surprised he had heard. He chuckled softly and gently stroked my face.
“Absolutely. I am in awe of you once again. So after you brought him back, they tortured you both for days, until he gave in and said he would never see you again.”
I nodded, and the tears began anew. I expected him to feel some sliver of snide self-actualization because he had been right about James all along. I did not know if I truly believed that; I was unsure if I was even entitled to the sense of betrayal I felt, because they had been submitting us to such unthinkable agony relentlessly. But as I questioned my entitlement to my feelings on the matter, I reminded myself that they been torturing both of us, and I had not broken. I did not want to gloat. I did not want to declare that I was stronger than he was. I did not want to think him weak in any sense, because the pain had been unbearable and relentless, and we both truly thought that we were going to die. But still, I had not given in, and he had. He had done exactly what we had sworn we would never do: He had allowed our enemies to separate us, to steal our love of one another away. He had said that I was the love of his life, and he was mine, and we had suffered the same intense, unending pain. But he had broken, and I had not.
“It’s not his fault.” I whispered, in that new, defeated, broken tone that sounded so pathetically like a child’s voice. I wished he would slap me and tell me to stop being so weak, but he never would. If I could have created a separate entity to do it, I would have. As I thought about this new weakness, this new grief, this new terror, I grew angry, so angry that my fists began to clench and I began to feel my heart beating faster. I loathed every Old Spirit who wanted to cause harm to people like me just because we were different, because we didn’t believe in the same warped bullshit in which they believed.
“Brynna…” He whispered soothingly, “No. Not now. Not while you are so exhausted. Not after the hell you have endured. You have every right to be angry, my love, but you are too exhausted right now.” 
“Why are they doing this? What does it matter to them, Adam? What did it matter if he and I were in love? Why is this happening? Why is…”
I stopped when I felt my heart skipping several beats. My rage had caused a sudden spike in my blood pressure and body temperature, and it was causing my heart to palpitate.  
“Shh…” He whispered, “Not now, sweetheart. Come, let us get your wounds bandaged so that you may rest.” 
He helped me stand so he could wrap me in a towel, and then he carried me back into the bedroom. For the first time, I looked around to observe his prison cell, only to find that it barely looked like a prison cell at all. The floor was covered by a soft burgundy carpet, on which was spread an intricately sewn red and gold rug; the bed was a king-sized (ha) mahogany four-poster covered in a thick, hand-sewn golden comforter that he pulled back so I could cool off on the impossibly soft sheets. 
“Not those clothes again.” I whispered as he used the towel to dab the last of the moisture from my skin. I was sitting up, my back propped up perfectly by three plush pillows, and I was very delicately brushing the knots out of my hair that had grown far too long. 
“I would not dream of it, though I have no clothes to give you. They have not yet supplied me with items to fill up that armoire.”
“So, oh no, I will have to sleep naked, when you know that as I try to sleep, I will become stricken with the grief I feel over losing James, and will need you to hold me…”
“I am not a sexual deviant, woman.” He said lightheartedly as he unbuttoned his shirt, “Do you honestly think that I would take advantage of you after what you have survived these past several days?”
“I don’t know, Adam. Didn’t you miss your wife?”
“Of course I did, but my wife is in no state to be seduced and bedded.”
“I hate that word. ‘Bedded.’”
“My wife is in no state to be seduced, laid down on these soft sheets, and made passionate love to.” He helped me into his button-up shirt, and I was reminded of James until Adam’s intoxicating scent filled my nose. I pulled the shirt up to my face and inhaled deeply.
“How do you always smell so good? What kind of cologne do you wear? It’s like Jesus rolled around in cinnamon and honey and then took a bath in pure pheromones…”
“Ah, it is just that. I wear no cologne, Brynna, though I do shower daily. You are welcome.”
I could not help it. I laughed.
“You know as well as I do that we are primal beings. We are animals as well as sentient human-like creatures. As sentient, human-like creatures, we underestimate the power of scent in determining where we direct our human lusts. What you smell attracts you to me, and if it is as strong as you say, then you have supremely bolstered my ego, which I know you hate doing. Still, I thank you.”
“You are not welcome, because I do hate bolstering your ego!”
How he did it, I do not know, but my smile was glowing at its full radiance, and he was smiling, too, as he looked at me. Somehow, Adam always made me forget all the terrible things. Maybe it was his charm. Maybe it was his easy and often dry sense of humor. For those moments, my broken heart was held together with tape, and though I knew it would unstick and fall apart again, I let Adam’s charm and humor entertain and cradle me. My willingness to allow it was the result of my knowledge that it surely would not last, and I would have sufficient time to torment myself over the dissolution of mine and James’s two-year relationship that had survived unthinkable odds time and time again but had finally failed…
“No, no…” Adam said, “Not yet. We still have some time before your body stops allowing you to fight sleep, and you then must lie down and focus on all that has happened. Let us enjoy this levity for a few moments longer.”
“They’re hurting Janna.” I said, and that killed the levity. “The next time they come here, you need to tell them to bring her to you. They’re hurting her, Adam.”
“What are they doing?” He asked, and I could see that his jaw was clenched. There was no mistaking the rage he felt as an indication that he had forgotten his vast disliking of her, but she had been his wife; he had loved her once, made two children with her, and he did not want to see her harmed. 
“I don’t know, because I haven’t looked too closely. But Tyre talked about her briefly. So, you need to order them to bring her to you, or to bring you to her.”
He stood up abruptly and banged the door several times. I forced myself onto my feet because after the hundredth or so hard bang, I could see a stain of blood on the door that was growing darker and larger with every hit. I know that we both expected one of Tyre’s minions and were equally shocked when it was none other than the leader of the unfree people of Pangaea, himself, who appeared in the doorway. His bodyguards were close by, of course, standing against the wall outside the cell, but he entered the room alone.
“Already you are beginning to look your usual radiant self, Brynna. Your husband has taken care of you beautifully.” 
“I could snap you in half, do you know that?” Adam snarled, “I could rip your back open and snap your spine with one hand, and you know that I could, Tyre! You bring her to me so ill and bloodied that she cannot move, and you think that I will not force you to endure the same agony? You take her great love from her in the most brutal way imaginable, and…”
“Yes. You must be devastated that Maxwell has been removed from the picture. After how you have pined so long for her. Now, what could have been so urgent that you bloodied your fist in order to get our attention?”
“Where is my former wife?”
Tyre looked genuinely surprised.
“Is the new Mrs. Elohimson not enough for you?”
I had never thought of my married name. In all of my thoughts of Adam, I had never imagined my first name put before his last. I had imagined myself as “Brynna Maxwell” a thousand times, but never as “Brynna Elohimson.” I wish I could say that I would have kept my name, but after all I had suffered at my father’s hand, why would I keep his name? After all my mother had done, why would I live under the stigma of the name “Olivier?” “Maxwell” or “Elohimson,” at least I would sever the last tie—the bond of nomenclature, if you will—to my family. 
“The new Mrs. Elohimson is more than enough, but I want the former as well.”
“Adam, you think that I will allow the three of you to live together when you two are bound by marriage, and she is bound by marriage to Maxwell?”
“You will release her from wherever you are keeping her into my care until Maxwell can claim her.” 
“Oh, you told him.” Tyre said, “And he feels badly for her. For all the world I thought you cared nothing for her, but I admire your desire to keep her safe from us until she can be properly claimed by her husband. Mrs. Elohimson, you will come with me to retrieve her.”
“No.” Adam said.
“Adam.” I touched his face, “I will be fine. She would not want you to see her this way. In truth, she would not want me to see her this way, either. But regardless, it is better me than you.” 
***
The door creaked deafeningly, and Janna’s entire body tensed. A long moan escaped her as her midsection pulled upwards towards the ceiling and her knees tried to meet it halfway. Her hands pulled hard against the cuffs keeping them shackled to the iron bedrails at the end of the creaking bed. Her shirt was ripped down the front, and she was only wearing her underwear besides that. Tyre had not been lying about the cloth that was tied in her mouth, either; it was so thick and tied so tightly that when I had approached her and tried to pull it out, it stayed tightly lodged behind her teeth. 
“Turn your head.” I told her, and a soft sob escaped her before she forced her eyes to blaze into mine. Even when I was there to save her after they had hurt her, I was still her worst enemy.
“Janna.” I said softly, and in that moment, I dropped it. Everything that had happened between us, I let it go. Some will say I forgave her for it and expected her forgiveness because we had both suffered a similar fate, shall we say, a fate that was inflicted on us by cruel and sadistic men. Or perhaps some will say that I had weakened because seeing her in such a vulnerable and pathetic state had made me view her as human. But it was not that complex. I was simply tired of fighting. I had her husband, which was what she had been fighting against. She had my boyfriend, which made me sick. But our fight had been ridiculous, and if I had read about it, I would have promptly declared us stupid women, considering we were fighting each other over men. We should have pulled together in the face of their betrayals, but instead we had gone to war with one another. See, that is the idealistic, quasi-feminist outcome to love triangles, or in our case, a love square. But honestly, if a woman were trying to take away a man you loved, would you form a bond of estrogen-charged sisterhood with her in order to preserve the dignity and righteousness of female relations, or would you have wanted to beat her down and steal her man, but only after she was totally and completely destroyed?
We all know the answer to that question, if we are remaining honest. I loved James deeply; he was the first man I had ever loved. She loved Adam, and she loved her status as queen. I threatened her relationship with him while she threatened my relationship with James. We were animals after all, and in that way, so are you. We saw each other as threats and wanted to eradicate the threat to prolong our survival and happiness. Happiness, in some ways, is of little concern to animals, but if happiness is measured in terms of fulfilment, animals value it in the same way. For us, emotional attachment, companionship, lust, passion, and sex fulfill us. Besides passion, maybe, and emotional attachment, many animals find fulfilment in the same ways that we do. So when that fulfilment—that happiness—is threatened, they attack. Janna and I had attacked, because that is our nature. That is more than likely your nature, too.
“Janna.” I said again, and very gently, I reached out and pushed a thick strand of hair away from her face and then reached down to tie the two ends of her shirt closed. It was like déjà vu for me, because I remembered when I had used the same method to keep my breasts covered after they had ripped my shirt, that day out in the woods with Adam. Of course, I had not suffered then what Janna had been suffering over the previous days. She looked at me, her gaze softening as she watched me concentrate on covering her up. When my eyes met hers, I saw that the bright green was swimming behind her many tears, and after a second, they began to leak. Through her nose, she took in a short breath, and the cloth in her mouth barely stifled the cry she let out.
“Turn your head so I can get it out, Janna.” 
She did, and the movement appeared to hurt her. I assumed she was just stiff from being kept that way for so long, but when I looked, I saw black and blue handprints that wrapped all the way around her throat, and one of her shoulders was disturbingly twisted, which told me it was badly dislocated. My hands fumbled at first with the knot where the cloth was tied behind her head, because I was too weak to make my eyes turn over. But soon, I managed to untie it, and I quickly pulled it from her mouth. She coughed so violently and for so long that I feared she would either vomit or pass out, and after a few minutes, the former splattered all over the floor. It was all water, so I made a mental note to request water for her when we were back in Adam’s room. After the last of it had left her, she moaned and grasped her stomach as she collapsed back onto the bed. 
“I want to get up. Please help me get off of this bed, Brynna. Please.” She pleaded with me softly, and just as Adam had done to me, I placed her arms around my neck and pulled her up into a sitting position. When I pulled her onto her feet, I did so slowly, because by the way she grimaced and moaned, I could tell that her pain was tremendous. When we took a step, she cried out and draped her arm across her ribs. 
“Lean into me.” I instructed her gently, “You need to drop your weight onto me, Janna.”
She was sobbing as she wrapped both of her arms around my neck and let me half-walk, half-carry her along. When we came into the hallway, Tyre’s eyes immediately took on a look of great pity. 
“Janna.” He said softly, gently, and when he reached out to her, her entire body jerked backwards to get away from him. “I know that it was very painful, and it was uncomfortable, and humiliating. But you needed this, sweet child. It is only through experiencing pain and degradation that men and women will learn from their sins. You never wish to suffer that again, do you?”
She looked at me, and the look in her eyes was so desperate that I reached out and eased her head onto my shoulder. 
“Just leave her be, Tyre.” I told him, “She’s had enough.”
“Janna.” Tyre said, his tone firmer now, “You never wish to suffer that again, do you?”
“No.” She answered.
“And you know that you will suffer it if ever you commit adultery against your husband, James, or if you treat others cruelly, or if you try to assert dominance over any man?”
“Yes.”
“You have asserted dominance over men so many times in your reign as queen. You have stood above them, ordered them to do your bidding, to obey both you and your soulless husband. Now you have had a man’s dominance asserted over you. I pray, truly, from the bottom of my soul that I never have to decree you fit to withstand this punishment again. Now, come.” 
Every time I loosened my grip on her even slightly, she cried softly and shook her head. 
“We are so close.” I assured her, “Keep going. You are doing so well.”
The way she hobbled along, hunched over, grasping me with both hands, breathing heavily and moaning softly in pain, reminded me of an old woman’s arthritic gait. With each labored step, I pitied her more and more, knowing how indignant she would be if she knew I was pitying her. Or how indignant I hoped she would be. 
Tyre opened the door to Adam’s room, and he stood immediately and rushed to us. His lips pressed to my forehead, and then, he gently pried her from me and carried her over to the bed. 
“Adam, you will not bed them both. To do so is a sin; Janna is not your wife anymore, so you will not bed her.”
“No, I will not bed her, Tyre. But I will care for her while she recovers from all you have inflicted upon her. Leave us.” 
“As soon as he is stronger, James will come to claim her.”
“Fine. Until then, she is my responsibility. Now, leave so that I may start patching her up, and please, bring her some warm clothes.”
“And water.” I added.
Tyre left, and I sat down on the chaise lounge by the barred stained glass window. The spot would be perfect for reading, but there were no books. People like Tyre found few books to which they could not object, and I would have no interest in those few they did find suitable. I could not see anything except darkness through the stained glass, so I simply observed the mosaic: It was an image of a benevolent, bearded man with white hair holding up a staff of light. All around him, little stained-glass goblin-like creatures were thrust backwards, repelled by that bright light he wielded. 
“Gandalf the White?” I asked myself.
“What is that, darling?” Adam asked me softly.
“Nothing, dear.”
But still, I could not help thinking how strange it was that these men and women, with their aversion to any literature that did not directly praise and preach their One God, worked out of a building with a stained-glass window whose mosaic uncannily resembled a scene from Tolkien’s greatest work. But then, the series was argued by some (quite reasonably) to contain resurrection metaphors and religious imagery, but there were also elves (who could only be pagans, and they were awesome) and good warlocks (Gandalf), not to mention the alleged phallic and vaginal imagery in the films. Thinking of those books made me sad, and somehow, the tears I was beginning to shed silently over not being able to read Tolkien for the hundredth time when all I wanted was to start with The Hobbit and read through The Lord of the Rings and end with The Silmarillion snowballed into tears for my loss of James.
“Brynna, come here.” Adam said, and I gasped softly before cursing myself for somehow forgetting that no matter how quietly I cried, he could feel the changing tides in my heart effortlessly. If I began to cry, he knew instantly, because he could see the pain in my heart.
“No. I am fine. She is not. Run her a bath and sit with her like you did for me.”
“I will, but first, come here.”
“Adam.” I said firmly, but my voice softened slightly because I knew he meant well. “She needs you now, and I am just thinking about James. Thinking about him is not going to cause my heart to spontaneously combust, and though my physical pain is severe, it is not going to kill me. I am not totally fragile, at least not yet. I am not going to fall apart at the seams, as they say. Just take care of her.”
“You are not fragile now, nor will you ever be.” He told me, “But you are right.” 
“Brynna.” 
Her voice startled me, partly because I had thought now that I had rescued her, she would simply ignore my presence. I had laid down my arms, as they say, and she had, too, but we were not going to become best friends overnight. I could not have her trust, and she could not have mine, until we worked persistently to be kind to and tolerant of each other first, and then, maybe, we could become something close to friends. But her voice also startled me because she had exclaimed more loudly than she needed to there in that room that held silence in every corner even when we spoke. She repeated herself, her voice a little quieter, and I looked at Adam, my discomfort evident. 
Believe me when I say that my obvious physical and emotional discomfort was something about which I sometimes felt a great deal of shame. Violet, in her training with Dr. Miletus, had encountered every patient malady possible, and in those encounters, she had not just helped heal the physical trauma but also the emotional. Whether it was a broken wrist or an instance of spousal abuse, Violet had found the right words to comfort her patients with ease, and not only was she able to find those words and wield them carefully, she was effective; Dr. Miletus had told me that in her two hundred-plus years of service in the medical field, she had never seen someone so attuned to patient needs, so aware of what they needed to hear, and so able to comfort them without patronizing them. I could not even patronize a person who needed my comfort; I was too busy squirming and looking for a window out of which I could jump so I could flee the uncomfortable situation. So, when Janna called me over, I turned my head on the side slightly and looked at Adam for help. He gave me none, because like my former love, he wanted to break me of my habits of avoidance, which could be viewed as cold, detached, and cruel, and which, I suppose, they were. At first, I wanted to stomp my feet as I walked over to Janna, sighing heavily, and rolling my eyes to the heavens, but I did not want her to feel ashamed for the emotions that she was displaying, nor did I want her to feel guilty for putting me into this tight, uncomfortable space in which I had to comfort her. I did not know if she would actually feel guilty or ashamed, but I assumed she would, so I favored maturity over immaturity, and kindness over discomfort-induced coldness. 
Adam was sitting beside her on one side of the bed, and I was sitting beside her on the other side. I looked at Adam, telling him without words to give us a minute alone. It was more for my sake than for hers; Adam was my husband by the laws of the Old Spirits, but I still did not feel comfortable displaying even my limited store of softness in front of him. This reluctance to demonstrate that I could be very kind if I tried very hard was not the result of a fear that he might manipulate it, but more the result of my long-running fight with demonstrating any kind of weakness. Sure, I had cried in front of him, and I had made love to him, and before that, I had stood totally naked in front of him and let him look my body up and down, which was as intimate and passionate as the sex had been, but for some reason, those weaknesses were not the same as demonstrating kindness. Analyze that all you want, because I know that I have analyzed it, and in my analyses, I have determined that my parents were more than likely correct, however slightly, when they called me a sociopath. I could be loved, and God or the Gods knew that I loved so intensely, it sometimes caused me physical pain, but my love created madness, as proven by the many brutal murders I had committed of those I deemed threats to my loved ones. That had to be some form of insanity, if not sociopathology. But the fact that I viewed kindness as more of a sign of weakness than I did sex and tears (which, if you recall from long ago in this re-telling, I absolute abhorred the idea of both before I met James) had to mean something terrible for my mental state, and perhaps it was the one true sign of the sociopathic tendencies my parents swore I had. 
Once the bathwater was running again, my eyes finally fell onto her, and for the first time, there in the dim light of the torches in the four corners of Adam’s room, I saw the damage done to her. I could feel the puffiness of my lips, so I knew they were split and swollen. I was seeing only through a slit out of my right eye, but both of her eyes were black and blue, and her lips had not only been split by a fist but had been bitten, too. My wrists were cut through from the cuffs, but not only were her wrists mangled, there were deep cuts extending several inches from her wrist wounds, telling me that she had come close to escaping. The strangulation marks around her neck were dark, grotesquely perfect handprints; I could see where the thumbs pushed in at the base of her throat, and I could see the spaces of unbruised skin between where each finger had been squeezing. 
“Does this make you pity me?” She managed to whisper through her mangled lips.
For once, I did not know what to say. I knew that she was like me, in that she absolutely loathed having anyone’s pity, because she was strong, defiant, and proud, and having someone’s pity implies that you are weak. But her skills at heart-reading were legendary, and if I lied, she would see it, even in her state. So, I told the truth.
“Yes. But what does it matter? You pitied me, out in the forest, after they had killed James.”
“Yes.”
“So, what does it matter?”
“It does not.”
“Okay.” 
“This would make others pity me. Our people, not theirs. Their people will celebrate it. It is what they do. I have been saved through brutality so that I may better appreciate God’s benevolence, correct? As have you. Did you hear what he said to me?”
I knew exactly to which of Tyre’s many statements she was referring, because that same statement was stuck in the back of my mind like an eerie song that prickled my skin. 
“‘You asserted dominance over men, and now a man has asserted dominance over you.’” I said.
“Yes. Like it is so simple. And now you pity me, and I pity myself. I feel so weak, and so broken, and this will make them all pity me, because they hated me before. I have been effectively martyred.”
“You are not a martyr, Janna, and no one has to know.”
“They will all know. They will spread news of the queen’s rape from here to the ends of our land. And some will pity me, while others will celebrate it, and I prefer the celebration to the pity.” Tears began to fall from her eyes, and her voice broke, and never did I think that I could have pitied her more, but I did then. I felt awful for pitying her, because she was lamenting the pity she would receive, but God or Gods, I pitied her. 
“This always happens to women like us, Brynna. Unlikable women.” She whispered, “It humanizes us. It brings us down to size. It allows men like Tyre and women like Mary Bachum to believe, as they have believed for so long, that a woman who is not delicate will be made delicate after she is broken by a man’s strength and power. It is the inevitable consequence they inflict upon women like us. It is the recurring story-line we share.”
“It is not a story-line, Janna.” I told her gently, “You are giving it far too much power. You are giving them far too much power, and you know that they already have too much. It happens because it happens, to use a very annoying tautology.” She actually smiled slightly when I said that. “It might make people sympathize with you, or pity you, or whatever. But what does it matter? They didn’t do it so people would sympathize with or pity you, they did it so they could feel superior. They are evil, and this is what they do, and they don’t just do it to women like us, who are vastly unlikeable.” This time, her smile turned to a very weak laugh. “This is who they are. And I have been unfair in my criticisms of them by focusing only on the torments to which they subject their women. They hurt men, too, albeit in different ways. I have heard their screaming thoughts over these past several days, and so I have seen the mutilations, the beatings, and the disfigurements of men they deem lesser, or men they deem dangerous. One boy was seventeen, and very handsome, and he was getting too much attention from young women. He was distracting them, and tempting them, just by being so handsome, and they burned his face, Janna.”
She winced when I said it, and her hand reached down to squeeze mine. Her mind told me that they had threatened to do the same to her, and that she almost suffered the same punishment was part of the reason for her sudden tension and the sudden resurgence of her tears, certainly, but the larger reason was that she pictured them hurting one of her sons that way, and it made her sick. It made her cry for the young boy who had been maimed. 
“I am sorry.” I whispered, and I reached out and rested my hand on her face, “I should not have brought it up. It was a strange and random mental path that my mind traversed quite randomly, so let me arrive back at the point: They are just evil, and we cannot give them more power than they deserve by implying that through their abuses of us, they are acting in favor of some complex plan. They are not trying to humanize us, Janna, they are trying to dehumanize us. They do not want people to pity us. They are just evil. This is what evil people do. They hurt other people, and they have their reasoning behind it, but it doesn’t matter how other people—non-evil people—view what they do to us, or how they view us after it is all over. All that matters is that they are evil people, and this is what evil people do. Okay?”
She nodded, and over the course of my speech, I had not noticed that I still had not taken my hands off of her face. Almost compulsively, my thumbs were wiping her tears away, and as I spoke, her hands had come up to cover mine, and I could see that somehow, my whole speech on the deeper meaning (or lack thereof) of what had happened to her, or the intentions of it, had comforted her. I do not know if I addressed any of what was truly bothering her in that speech, but she seemed calmer. 
It would have seemed utterly impossible to me a few hours earlier, but I was not angry with her anymore for all that had happened. I did not dislike her. In fairness, I did not like her, either, but I did not severely dislike her as I had only a few hours before. So maybe what they had done to her did humanize her. Maybe I was taking this softer approach towards her because she had been sexually assaulted and physically abused. Maybe when this happens to women in stories—any woman, not just unlikable ones—it is supposed to make us pity them, and as a result, we like them. The writer of the storyline wants us to start liking the character, so she gets raped. It is the only storyline, as Janna had said. Or maybe it is because men like Old Spirit men are evil, and this is what they do. There is no deeper significance behind it, no intentions. It is the world. Not only that, but cruel, brutal violence is genderless. It dehumanizes men, it dehumanizes women. But still, it means nothing other than that evil people commit evil acts. All evil people can do is act cruelly, and instead of pitying those against whom those evil people commit evil acts, we should pity them. The evil ones.
Or we should kill them. Or perhaps we should do both, though it is complicated.
“Try not to think about all this right now.” I told Janna, “God, woman, you can barely move, and you’re contemplating the philosophical significance of what they did to you.” She laughed softly again, “Let’s get your eyes open, and your wrists bandaged, and your shoulder back in place, and some food and water into you, and maybe a full night of sleep, and then we can talk for hours about it, if you want.”
“I will not want to. I just want to pretend it never happened.”
“Okay. We can do that, too.”
“You are not going to argue that it is unhealthy to never speak of it again?”
“No, because when you want to speak of it, you will. That was my experience. Plus, never underestimate the power of avoidance. Sometimes, it results in disaster, and the person doing the avoiding explodes, but sometimes, it just holds things off until you feel better able to handle them, or until you have someone who will help you handle them.”
I looked off towards the bathroom as I said it, just as Adam came through the door. I knew that the tub had been full for a while, and he had spent the last fifteen minutes eavesdropping, so when he came back to us, I punched him in the arm.
“Ow!” He exclaimed, “What was that for?”
“Eavesdropping.” 
“I did no such thing!”
I punched him again.
“Lying.” I said.
“Is this a sign of what our marriage will be like? Abuse goes both ways, Brynna Olivier. You just said so.”
I looked at him, blinking slowly. Then, I sat up and punched him in the arm for a third time.
“Ow!”
“Irrefutable proof of eavesdropping.” 
Janna was giggling softly, and yet her laughter was more hysterical than it had been before. He looked between the two of us suspiciously.
“Why do I get the feeling that a friendship between the two of you is a direct hazard to my wellbeing?”
“Oh, because it is.” She said.
“Indeed.” I agreed, “Now, go. I am feeling emotions coming, and I am more than capable of dealing with them on my own for now. Take care of my new friend, Janna.”
“You are so bossy. What if I say no? Which I would not, but…”
I stared at him, blinking slowly again. He tried to dodge but I still punched him.
“Disobedience!”
Janna was laughing so hard as he carried her into the bathroom that I feared she would hurt herself. I did some eavesdropping of my own from the bed and heard their conversation from behind the closed door.
First it was silent, except for Adam asking if she was alright as he took her clothes off. Then he asked if the water was sufficiently hot, and she said it was. But once she was settled in the water, there was silence for a good long while, and it was Janna who broke it.
“I should apologize.” I heard her say.
“As should I. And we will, later. Once you are well again, Janna.”
“We have been over for so many years, Adam, but she and James were not. They are so in love, and they have taken him away from her so they could give me to him.”
“I know. But things are very strained right now between them. They used Contact.”
“No!” 
“Yes.”
“I feared that they had. She has those terrible puncture wounds at the top of her spine. For how long?”
“Days.”
“No!” She said again, “People normally cannot last hours, let alone days. God, it is irreversible, Adam. You know that.”
“I do. And I feel nothing in regards to that except sadness, and it is not just sadness for her, it is for both of them. They were never going to last, but they did not deserve to end that way. Even he did not deserve what they did to him.”
“Absolutely not.”
“And you, madam, did not deserve what they did to you, either.”
“Adam…”
“No. I will not allow you to believe it, and I can see in your heart that you do.”
That conversation seemed personal, and unlike my new husband, I did not want to eavesdrop on emotionally loaded, private conversations. Besides, Janna’s words had joined Tyre as the eerie tune stuck now at the forefront of my mind instead of the back. “It is irreversible.” 
Irreversible. I would never, for the rest of my immortal life, feel James’s hands on me again. I would never kiss him, or lay my head on his chest, or wrap his arms around me. That desire I felt for him so intensely during every single day of our life together would remain, I knew, and it would torment me, because I knew that the second his hands touched any part of my skin, but especially the parts they had targeted with their torture, I would be besieged by awful pain and violent convulsions. That was what they had done to break us of our love for each other: They had conditioned us to feel pain at each other’s touch. It had taken days and days of relentless torture, but they had managed it. They had ended mine and James’s “infatuation” in the most final way. It was also the absolute cruelest way. The pain alone would be enough to end us, but the fact that the pain had unhinged his love for me and replaced it with hate… That would certainly end it forever. They had been able to break his mind through torturing his body, and they had irreversibly taken him away from me.
I turned on my side away from the bathroom door, because the tears were flowing. There was no slow start-up with just one or two trickling out of each eye; they fell in huge rushes, streaking down my cheeks and splattering into the pillow case, which was soon soaked with them. The light was dim, but still, Adam and Janna would see that I was crying when they came out, and even though I had sworn that I could deal with it all myself, Adam, especially, would want to comfort me, and there was no comfort. 
So I closed my eyes and tried to fall asleep. But all I could remember was how every time either James or I had begun to doze while we were in that room, they delivered a jolt to both of us. When it became obvious that we were both going to pass out, they injected us with Wake, and though it was never enough to paralyze us, it was enough to keep us painfully, cruelly alert. I remembered how during one of the first brief reprieves, James had whispered weakly to me, so weakly that I could barely hear him.
“Hey.” He had said, “Come here.” 
It had taken quite a bit of strength, and it had pulled against the tubes that they had implanted into my back, but I had pushed my body forward and waited while he found the strength to do the same. His lips pressed to mine, and already, we both felt a slight tinge of pain, but as his kiss deepened, that pain began to dissolve. The warmth that always started in my heart and spread delicately throughout me every time he kissed me eradicated that pain completely, and as his lips moved against mine slowly, and his tongue gently pressed into mine, my hands, by their own will, twisted against the ropes, because I wanted to wrap my arms around his back and hold his body to me hard. I wanted to feel his hands on either side of my face, or running slowly down my arms, or over my back, or even cupping underneath of my butt, which he tended to do either when we kissed in public because he knew that I would smack him in the chest and call him a pervert, or when he was feeling particularly frisky and wanted our kiss to turn spontaneously into a sexual encounter, which they tended to do anyway. 
His lips had broken from mine, and he had kissed my right cheek, then my forehead, and then my left cheek, and then he had kissed my lips again. I had raised my head, expelling slowly a deep breath as his lips moved down my skin, as I felt the scratchiness of his beard-moustache-goutee-five-o-clock-shadow-perfect-thing against my neck. That scratchiness always aroused me as intensely as his lips did, and even there in that awful place, being tortured in that awful way, my breathing was deepening, and I had wanted him.
“I love you…” He had whispered breathlessly as his lips kissed mine, “…so…” He had moved back to my neck and kissed me slowly again, “…much.”
“I know, baby.” I had whispered back, and for the first time since we had been put there, I had let two tears fall from my eyes. “I love you, too.” My voice had broken as I had asked, “You know that, don’t you?”
“I know it. And God, you beautiful, saucy minx…” 
I had laughed.
“I love every last thing about you.” He had said. He had nuzzled his face against mine, and before he spoke again, his voice had broken. His words were a trembling whisper that had made me cry harder, when he was finally able to say them. 
“Stay with me, sweetheart. Stay with me.”
That moment with him would destroy me for years after that. To this day, and it has been many, many years, it pains me. To this day, somehow, it hurts as deeply as it did then. 
***
I pretended to be asleep when Janna and Adam came out of the bathroom. He got her dressed and bandaged her wounds as he had done for me, and then tucked her into bed beside me. The bed was large enough for all three of us, but perhaps because he was no longer married to Janna, and because he wanted to be gentlemanly with me, he chose to sleep with his huge frame half hanging off of the chaise lounge by the window. The room was freezing, and he had no blanket, so I dropped my feigned sleep and sat up.
“Surprise, I was not actually sleeping.”
“I am so surprised.” He replied in gentle sarcasm.
“You are not sleeping there. It is cold in here, and your six foot nine self looks ridiculous trying to sleep on a daybed. Seriously, that thing looks like something a dainty Victorian would fan herself on after she fainted. Get over here and sleep in bed with your wives.”
He had a hearty chuckle at that, but stayed where he was.
“I am nowhere near six foot nine inches tall, though I appreciate the exaggeration. My six foot six inch self will remain here, so that my wives may have full reign of that large king-sized bed, and so they may sleep peacefully.”
“Adam, I am issuing you a wifely order to get into bed with me.” 
“But we are in the Old Spirit camp. It is their creed that I must ignore all wifely orders you give me and promptly show you your proper place.”
“Do I need to punch you again?” 
He sighed heavily and stood up, shedding his shirt as he went. 
“Shall I sleep in the middle so I may feel like the luckiest man to ever live?”
“Shh… She is already sleeping.” I said, “And if it will make you happy.”
“I am only joking. Move into the middle, and I will sleep here on the end.” He got under the covers next to me, and for some reason, I was suddenly gripped by an undeniable urge to laugh. It was so inappropriate of me to chuckle after all we had suffered, and I was certainly still being held tightly by how terribly I missed and ached for James, but it was so ridiculous that I was lying there in bed with the formerly married King and Queen of Pangaea, when the former and I had spent the last two years fighting, making peace, and then fighting again, and the latter and I had always just fought. 
“Believe me, the irony of all this is not lost on me.” Adam told me, “I would laugh, but I am very busily trying to keep my thoughts pure and Old Spirit-like.”
“Oh, please. One Old Spirit probably has dirtier thoughts than all of us Red Anarchy folks combined. Well, all of us Red Anarchy folks except Don. And on the subject of Don, I cannot believe I just referred to us by his ridiculous name…”
“You did so satirically, so it is alright. And I do not know about them having impure thoughts. I believe that if they do, they immediately force them away. Only when they are inflicting their punishments do they get to indulge their dark, impure fantasies. Say what you will about Donald, but him allowing his people to indulge their fantasies is not wrong. Yes, he let it run rampant, because as intelligent as he is, he is also an idiot, but…”
I laughed rather hard at that, and he smiled and moved closer to my back so he could gently run his hand up and down my arm. Considering that it was a rather simple movement, I was surprised by how good it felt and how calming it was. 
“…His ideas are not wrong. They are just poorly executed.” 
“I’ll say.” I replied. “You could say the same thing about the Old Spirits, strangely enough. Well, about the foundational faith on which they have built their lives. The ideas are fine, they are just used in practice poorly.”
“Well, that foundational faith is my faith, as well. Tyre and I have just chosen to use it in practice differently.”
We were quiet for a moment, and he stopped rubbing my arm.
“Don’t stop.” I said, “That feels good.”
“I know it does. I can tell. I was not stopping, I am just moving closer.”
“Alright. How can you tell that it feels good?”
“Brynna, after my thousands of years in this realm, I have learned many things, and one area of expertise in which I excel is the area of pleasure. I know how a woman’s body reacts when I am pleasing her, and how it reacts when I am not. Though I have not experienced the latter in several thousand years.”
“Oh, I am sure. Listen to you. Are you trying to seduce me right now?”
“No, because I know that I have a very low chance of successfully doing so. I know that I should not be trying, and even if you were to consent, I would be unable to act upon my great desire for you…”
“Oh, really?” I asked.
“Yes. Because I know that you are not ready, and the guilt you would feel afterwards when you thought about James would be too much.”
“You are right about all of that. So, here is what we are going to do: You will stop talking all that sexy talk, and I will not look at your abs, and you will keep rubbing my arm that way because it feels very good, and because that physical contact could easily just be a platonic comforting technique done between friends.”
“Alright.”
That heavy silence that always seemed to be lying dormant in the corners of the room descended upon us. His hand ran up and down my arm, and every time it came up to my shoulder, he massaged the tension he found there slowly with his thumbs. I felt him lie down, and eventually, his hand stopped moving, and I was suddenly the only one left awake. I had not slept deeply in well over five days, and still, I could not slow my heartbeat down or turn my thoughts off in order to sleep. I tried to close my eyes, but then all I could hear was James’s voice, shouting that he would never touch me again, it was over, he wouldn’t even look at me… I remembered the look in his eyes, that look of pain, his voice apologizing as he put his hands on me. I remembered the way my vision blacked out and my body was taken from my control as I convulsed violently. I remembered watching him do the same. I remembered the awful pain, how it spread through every part of me but was at its worst wherever his hands were rested on me. I lamented that I would never again feel that gentle warmth that flowed through me every time he touched me and kissed me. I would never make love to him again. We would never be us again.
It was irreversible. We would never be together again. It was all so sad and ironic, because wasn’t it justice? I had entertained my feelings for Adam while I had been with James, and now I had Adam, but I had lost James irreversibly. Was that the universe’s justice for me coveting another man?
No, I told myself, That is Old Spirit thinking, and I will not allow it. I will not turn into one of them. There is no divine meaning behind any of this. There is no irony, and there are no tricks of fate. It is just a terrible thing that happened. It is just an evil act perpetrated by evil people.
The tears restarted for the hundredth time, it seemed, and I turned my face into the pillow so Adam and Janna would not be awoken by my sobs. What if it all was a punishment, though? What if it was all cosmic justice? I had wanted Adam and James, but all the while, I should have been appreciating my time with just James, because he was lost to me irreversibly now, and all I wanted, more than anything else in the world, even more so than my freedom, was for him to hold me just one more time. Not to kiss me, not to make love to me, just to hold me. I had told him once that sometimes, I was sieged by an uncontrollable urge to have sex with him, and that was true; obviously, considering I had only been in a relationship with a woman, I had never experienced such violent sexual desire for a man before I had met him. To put it far too simply, I was so passionately in love with James, and that passion made me want him all the time. But it was not just an uncontrollable, constant urge to have sex. Sometimes, as cheesy as this sounds, and as weak as it makes me sound, I was sieged by the need to feel his arms around me. Sometimes, that was all I needed to feel happy and fulfilled. I just needed to feel him embracing me.
But it would never happen again. He would never touch me again, and I would never touch him. That insidious nostalgia crept over me as a slideshow of our memories played before my closed eyes. Every night over the previous two years when he had held me, or when I had sat perched on his middle as we talked, or when we had had the house to ourselves in Janna’s village or the room to ourselves in Adam’s house in the woods and we would make love for hours… I remembered how Penny had loved him so much, how he was the father she had never had. I remembered how he had always been so patient with Violet, and how she had loved him, too. I remembered how Alice and Quinn always came to us with their problems and questions. Our little, unconventional family had broken at the seams, and that shattering was more than likely irreversible, too.
I cried harder but still managed to keep myself silent. At the same time that I was trying to keep myself quiet, I was trying to keep my body from moving too abruptly with each of my sobs. 
“Come here.” Adam whispered sleepily behind me, and I turned over and moved into his arms so I could cuddle up against his chest. I held onto him tightly and let the tears and sobs flow unchecked, and he held me, all the while gently rubbing my back. 
“I know, my love.” He whispered, “I know.”
“Everything is broken, Adam. Everything we knew is over.”
“I know. But we will survive this, and we will fix all those broken things. I promise you.”
“We can never fix him.”
“No.” He whispered, and my sobs deepened slightly. He kissed my forehead, “We cannot, you are right. But we will find a way to make him at least a little bit better, and then, if you want, we will keep him with us, and if not, then we will see him off.”
That only made me cry harder, because I pictured my life without him in it at all, and that picture made me literally sick to my stomach.
“In the meantime, we just have to stay alive. We just have to bide our time. You are so strong, Brynna. You are a survivor, through and through. You just have to survive this.”
I nodded.
“What if something happens to you, too?”
“You will survive that as well.”
“I know. But I don’t want to be alone here, either. I don’t want to have to grieve for both of you.”
“And with all of my power, Brynna, I will prevent that from happening. I will not be separated from you, nor will I let them separate you from me. Alright?”
I nodded again.
“Alright.” He said, “Now you must rest. Your body and mind have suffered terribly, and you must allow them a chance to restore themselves.”
“Okay.” I said, “Just don’t let go of me. Do you promise?”
His lips held to my forehead for several seconds, and then he kissed it again before whispering, “From the bottom of my heart. Now, rest, my beauty.”

Quinn
“Our gooses are cooked.” Don told me. We had been sitting in silence for so long that I had almost forgotten he was there. Just as I went to tell him not to talk to me, because I was still so disgusted that he had tried to abandon his people to save his own ass, I found myself wondering where exactly he was going with his proclamation.
“What?” I asked, because even though silence had fallen between us right after he had spoken, he had not continued.
“We’re dead, Quinn. Toast. Worm fodder.” He said, “That’s funny, when you think about it. When people talk about death, and they say, ‘Oh, we’re toast,’ are they talking about cremation?”
“I don’t know, Don. It’s a question for Brynna.”
“Yeah, it is. But when people talk about death, and they say you’ll be worm fodder, we get it, except it’s inaccurate. You’re buried in a coffin, so how do the worms get in?”
“How the hell should I know? But they do. And you know that here, people are buried right in the ground, without a coffin. So what does it matter about some damn worms?”
“Or do the maggots eat you?”
A shudder passed through me, and I was glad that he was not looking at me to see it. Picture yourself rotting in the ground, with maggots and worms crawling through your empty eye sockets, your skin being eaten by them… And where are you? If your consciousness somehow stays with your physical body, do you feel yourself being eaten? Do you feel yourself locked away in a pine box for all eternity, remembering your life and your loves? Do you remember being alive?
I guess this is why religious people love the idea of Heaven. Actually, I guess this is why all people love the idea of Heaven.
“It doesn’t matter, Don. What are you getting at? Make your point, for God’s sake.”
“Oh, Brynna never told you? The subject came up as a viable solution to overpopulation almost once a week in Town Hall. The Old Spirits have figured out how to curb it, and they do, but we were too weak, too sympathetic to do the same thing. Granted, I never suggested it first. That was Janna’s detractors who always brought up doing a lottery. I didn’t suggest it first, but I always argued logically in its favor.”
“Don.” I dragged out his name because I was getting genuinely frustrated at how he always spoke in riddles and took forever to speak their answers out loud. 
“I’m sorry that you can’t get it just from the limited information I’m giving you.”
“I’m sorry that you think giving limited information is the correct way to answer a question.”
“They kill people, Quinn. Last time we checked with our people in their camps, it was once every three months. They call it The Sacrifice. People actually volunteer themselves sometimes. It’s for the good of the community, and Tyre proclaims that volunteers will be made saints here in this realm, and put on thrones in Heaven, and all of that nonsense.”
“People volunteer probably because it’s legalized suicide. Or it’s suicide that’s approved by God. They want out, and they can’t do it themselves without spending an eternity in Hell, allegedly, so they volunteer to be sacrificed.”
“That’s a cynical way of looking at it.”
“I’m sorry, do you have an idealistic way of looking at ritualized suicide?”
“I don’t know if you can call it optimistic, but I think that they actually believe they are helping their people. Maybe they care more about the Sainthood—one of our Deep Cover Agents said that every man or woman who sacrifices himself or herself gets their name chiseled into this black marble statue of God in their capital city. Their family gets a small piece of black marble with the sacrificed person’s name on it, and it is their highest honor. A piece of black marble for the life of a loved one.”
“They don’t get extra crops, or more water, or something useful?” I asked, and honestly, I was so horrified that my stomach felt queasy. 
“No.” Don replied, and he laughed softly, “Awful, isn’t it? What do you think they’ll give out when it’s us that’s sacrificed, Quinn? Do you think they’ll give Alice a slab of black marble with your name on it?”
“No, because Paul just said that she’s eligible for a high marriage, so they’ll give her nothing. They’ll make her watch, I’m sure.” I said, and now, the queasy feeling in my stomach was replaced by a sudden density that burned, and I knew that it was rage. Even in the darkness, Don could see that my eyes had turned red. “But if she reacted to it all, if she cried or made any kind of a fuss, they’d hurt her. I don’t want to think about this.”
“Oh, young love.” Don sighed, “I remember it.”
“Really? I would have sworn that the only thing you could possibly remember about your relationships with women is the tying, choking, cutting, burning…”
“I never burnt anybody. I hate fire.”
I actually laughed. I laughed so hard that I doubled over. He was being completely serious when he had objected to that, and he was totally unaware of how ridiculous he sounded. He didn’t object to any of the other awful things I had listed, so clearly, they did not turn his stomach at all, but he drew the line at fire. Say what you want about Don Abba, but he was an interesting, albeit totally disgusting, character back then. 
“And I know it’s hard for you young’ins to appreciate, but I was your age once.”
“Was that ‘young’ins’ racist? Don’t think I won’t kick your ass because you’re my only companion in here until they let us out. I might actually find you more tolerable if you were unconscious.”
“Of course it wasn’t racist. If that word is racist, then I don’t know about it. Shut up and let me talk. I was like you once. I would have feared the love of my life’s reaction to my death more than I feared my own death when I was young. I would have worried more over her broken heart than over my broken neck. Knowing she’d feel pain for me, significant pain, would absolutely destroy me. But that doesn’t last, Quinn. As you inch closer to a natural death, you start worrying more about yourself. About your own demise. Your own lack of immortality.”
“We’re immortal now, so what are you—”
“You have a serious interrupting problem. Just let me talk, and just listen, okay? This might be my last chance to tell someone all of this. Would you deny a dying man his chance to make all his confessions? To tie up all his loose ends?”
“I guess not, Don. Even though I really don’t think you’re going to die.”
“Oh, I am going to die. You are going to die. My death will be done to shame our people, to show them that my immoral reign is over and that I paid a price for that immoral reign. Your death will be because you are expendable. They have no purpose for you. They already have enough able-bodied men. Not to mention, you were very close to Brynna. So close that you were like family to her, and if she is out there, still alive, the news of your death will hurt her.”
I didn’t doubt that it would, and that is a sign of how far mine and Brynna’s relationship had come, believe me. 
“When I was young,” He said, “Around your physical age. How old are you actually now?”
“Well, I was eighteen when we left Earth, and it’s been two years, so 20. Whoa. New decade.” I said, and I was shocked that I had never acknowledged it before. It’s amazing how once the idea of death creeping closer with each passing year is erased how you stop keeping track. And when you’re never going to age, what does it matter when you’ve entered a new decade? 
“Congratulations.” Don said, and he meant it genuinely. “Well, when I was eighteen, I was in love with a girl. Really in love. We never dated, and we only spoke a few times when our social circles overlapped, or when we had a class together at school, but I was in love with her. Her hair was blonde, and I had never seen any blonde hair that was so bright. Her eyes were blue, and I had never seen any blue eyes that were so blue. All of that ridiculous romance novel crap. When I talked to her, I fumbled over my words. When I was around her, I spilled drinks, tripped over my own feet, all that stuff. My friends would always joke that I had a bad case of awkward.”
A bad case of awkward that had never cured.
“But she seemed to find it endearing. She was always kind to me, and I always thought, ‘God, if she were my girl, I would worship her.’ Which she needed, because she dated jerks, Quinn. Like, real jerks. Once or twice, my friends who were actually able to work out and gain some muscle mass unlike some people we know…” He pointed at himself, and despite my vast disliking of him, I chuckled very slightly, “…had to chase these guys down, ‘cuz they’d hit her or worse. And whose shoulder did she cry on? Mine.”
“Of course. This is one of the oldest stories ever told, Don.”
“Trust me, I know. Beautiful girl sticks the little guy with the heart of gold in what you kids call ‘the friendzone’ and keeps him there, and after she gets her heart broken, or worse, her bones broken, by the assholes she dates, she cries on that little guy’s shoulder. Then, they fall in love, and all works out as the universe intended, and they live happily ever after, or maybe she dies, and the little guy goes on perpetually damaged. But that’s not how this story ended up. We graduated from college, and went off into the world, and our group swore we would keep in contact, but we didn’t. When I was teaching, I ran into a million girls like her. ‘Professor Abba, he just doesn’t listen!’ ‘Professor Abba, I just want to die!’ I never touched them. Believe me. But every time they came to my office to explain why they were suddenly so withdrawn, or worse, to explain away the bruises, I thought about her. I thought about how if I had been with her, I would have worshipped her. And I thought about touching those girls, and if you think about it, even I could have done it then, what with the power dynamic. You know, teacher-student. It’s a powerful thing. They were already confiding in me, I could have made a move and gotten with them. I’m sure of it. But I didn’t.”
“My, what a nice guy you are, for not sleeping with your students when they were vulnerable.”
“I know that was sarcasm, and you’re right. I’m not a nice guy. I’m not a nice guy, even though I didn’t do it. If I were a nice guy, I wouldn’t have thought so seriously about it. So, I got married, ten years later, I got divorced, and I was in a dark place. Like, really dark. I hadn’t loved my wife, per se, but she was a practical means to an end. With the thoughts that were constantly flying around in my head, I had to appear as normal as possible. Because even though I’m short, and therefore relatively unintimidating, if I were to ever snap and hurt someone while I was a bachelor, everyone would say that I fit the archetype of the intellectual loner who finally goes off the deep end, and I didn’t want to fit any archetypes.”
“So, if you snapped and hurt someone while you were an intellectual with a wife, you would just be the archetype of the guy next door who snapped and hurt someone. Like John Wayne Gacy. Congratulations, you’re a serial killer who cut up little boys and buried them under his house.”
“I am not a serial killer.” He said, “And I had no kids, so I couldn’t be the guy next door. The image doesn’t fit.”
“You don’t need kids to be the guy next door. You don’t even really need a wife. You just need houses on either side of you so you can be next door to someone. And honestly, if we’re talking about archetypes, we’re talking about an abstract, so you don’t even need to literally live next door to someone. You fit the archetype just by being relatable and unassuming, and seeming like a really nice, normal person. Which we all know you’re not.”
“Yes.” He replied, “Whatever. It doesn’t matter. I was in a really dark place. You told me once that your area didn’t get hit hard after The Cleanse, and that you never saw the cities that did get hit hard. Well, believe me, I saw those areas, and one thing that always struck me was how the whores and bums that were walking around looked like they could have been wearing Armani before everything went to shit. They just looked like they had been well-off, because they had been. So I was out, looking for a blonde, because I was thinking about that stupid girl from college.”
“And who should you find, but that stupid blonde girl from college?”
“No. I never saw her again, I told you. I found a stupid blonde hooker who, as she was getting into my car, said she felt safer already. This woman was getting into a car with a strange man, and she felt safer inside the car than out. Look at the social significance of that if you want to, but look at it from my perspective. She didn’t fear me at all.”
“I would have taken that as a compliment, Don.”
“Well, I didn’t! I was so sick of being the guy no one was afraid of! I was sick of having these thoughts about all the things I wanted to do to stupid blondes like her and not acting on them. I was so sick of seeing it, and wanting it, and only being able to… you know… when I thought about it, and never being able to act it out! So, goddamn it, I was going to act it out, because my wife and I were getting divorced, and I couldn’t get that stupid blonde girl from college out of my head for the life of me, so I was going to act it out. Goddamn it, I was going to finally do it.”
My disgust was only rivaled by my absolute, totally riveted attention and my curiosity. I was leaned forward, my eyes stuck on him, as his huge, blue eyes stayed glued to the floor as he spoke. He was not ashamed of his tale, and that was worrisome and disgusting in and of itself; he was looking at the floor only because he was lost in the memory.
“So, what did you do, Don?”
“For the record, I was going to ask her permission first, even though I knew she’d say no. They’re smart enough to know not to give up that much control to a stranger, who could easily kill you and leave your body, and as long as you wore a condom, no one would know.”
“So, what did you do, Don?” I asked, and for some reason, my hands were shaking. Maybe it was rage. Maybe it was fear. I still don’t know.
“Nothing.” He said, and he looked up at me. I was genuinely surprised to see tears in his eyes. “I never could have done it against her will. Maybe I’m a coward.”
Or a decent person, I thought, but I didn’t say it. It is a strange day when I could even unsurely speculate that he was possibly a decent person.
“But she looked up at me, and she said, ‘You look so familiar. Your eyes are so beautiful,’ and the strangest thing, Quinn, is that the blonde from college used to say that. Not the part of me looking familiar, obviously, but the part about my eyes being so beautiful. And this girl was a blonde, and even though she was clearly on something, and bone skinny, and had blood in the corner of her mouth because she was infected with what I prayed at the time was not the contagious form of the Blood Plague, she was so beautiful. It could have been her, even though it wasn’t. God, after all the shit she went through, with those awful guys, she might have gotten hooked on drugs, infected with the BP, and ended up selling her body on the street. One of those awful guys could have talked her into it, or maybe she did it herself, because together, they had made her think that that life was all she deserved. Or maybe when the world went to shit, she lost everything. She had been a rich girl, from a good family. But you know what happened to those rich girls, and those good families after everything went to shit. They ended up right where this girl was, beneath strangers, or out on the street, begging for money or stealing it. I told you, all the whores and bums looked like they had been well-off once. Affluence stays on the skin even after it’s gone. But I was looking down at this girl, keeping in mind not to touch her mouth with mine, because I knew that even if she was making money hooking, she wasn’t making enough to buy the medication that would keep her non-contagious, and I was praying that the condom was on right, because you could get it that way, too, and when I was looking at her, even though she was mewling all these nice things at me, I could see that she was so sad, Quinn, and for all the world, she looked like that blonde girl from college. Maybe it was her. ‘Your eyes are so beautiful,’ she had said. ‘You look so familiar.’ It might have been her, and I just didn’t know it. Can you think how ironic that would have been? If it was her? I finally had her, and not only was I thinking of hurting her the way those guys had hurt her, but she was totally broken. Over the years, I had gotten angry at her for only dating jerks when I was so kind to her, and that was when all those thoughts started about hurting people. Maybe it’s because I saw how she loved them even though they hurt her. Maybe I thought girls like her would love me, too, if I did that, which obviously, is complete and utter bullshit. But I was looking down at this girl, and maybe it was the blonde from college, or maybe it wasn’t, and she looked so sad, and I thought how I had wanted to ask her if she’d let me hurt her, and I felt like the worst person in the entire world. And I wept, Quinn. I paid this girl more than she was charging, and apologized, except I wasn’t apologizing for breaking down on her, I was apologizing for what I had wanted to do, and I was apologizing for her life, and I was apologizing to the beautiful blonde from college, and I was just apologizing for whatever it was that was my problem.”
“And then you came here, and you were finally powerful enough that beautiful blondes wanted to sleep with you, and would let you do to them whatever you wanted, and you got your happy ending, no pun intended.”
He chuckled at that.
“That was raunchy.” He said, “I like it. And sure. I guess we can say I got my happy ending, though it’s hard for me to say it now that you’ve made it a double-entendre. I got to finally fulfill those fantasies that were more than likely the direct result of watching the one love of my life love men who hurt her. Draw curtain. Applause and tears and roses thrown. So ends my Greek tragedy.”
I rolled my eyes at his self-pity and his arrogance, calling his strange and disturbing life story a Greek tragedy.
“Pangaea was the start of my life, Quinn. It was the new start for some, but for me, it was the actual start. Here, I was everything that I had ever wanted to be, and while you find who I wanted to be disgusting, it is who I am. So, I don’t care what you think.”
“It is what it is.” I told him, “I’m always going to look at you like you’re a total psycho, but fine. Whatever. It is what it is. As long as you don’t do it against their will, then fine, I guess.”
“I don’t. I can’t.”
“Good. That doesn’t make you a coward. It means you still have some shred of decency.”
There. I had said it out loud. Maybe it would encourage him to hold onto that shred of decency.
“Brynna thought that I had raped Maura, and I hadn’t. The Old Spirits did that. But I did try to rape Savannah, but still, I don’t think I would have done it.”
“Trying is bad enough.” I spat at him.
“I know. But the fact that I wouldn’t have done it has to count for something, doesn’t it?”
“No.”
“Okay.” He said.
Silence fell between us again, and after hearing his tale, I hated that I now had to sit in that quiet space and think about what it all meant. I hated that I had to rethink my judgments of him, even though I knew the spinning wheel of judgments would end where they had begun: with me believing him to be a sick, disgusting psychopath, albeit a decent leader.
And isn’t that funny? A psychopathic man who is a good leader.
“You were a professor?” I asked.
He chuckled.
“I love how that’s the question you ask.”
“Well, it’s the question I’m asking.”
“Yeah. I was a professor.”
“What did you teach?”
He sighed heavily again, and looked over at me, grinning.
“Poli Sci.”
I laughed again.
“Ironic.”
“Yup. The proxy of King Adam, the leader of half the Earthean survivors, was a political science teacher on Earth. I am living in my field. Which, I guess it isn’t that ironic, because I’m sure political science teachers became politicians on Earth.”
“But none became as powerful as you. Your life is full of irony, Don.”
“Believe me, I know.”
“You were a political science teacher who became the second-most powerful politician on Pangaea. You were the crying-shoulder of a girl who loved guys who hurt her, so you turned into a guy who gets off on hurting women. You were in love with that girl, and you might have run into her years later when she was a drug-addicted prostitute sick with the BP, when she was finally broken, you proclaim, by all that she had suffered over the years.”
“Yup. The girl I loved more than I had ever loved or would ever love anyone else. The love of my life. That beautiful blonde from college. Want to hear the most ironic part?”
“Sure.”
His grin lessened slightly, but did not disappear completely.
“I don’t even remember her name.”

Violet

Something close to sleep took hold of me, but at random times throughout the night, a cry would escape me, and my knees would pull into my chest, and in my sleep, the tears would start. Sometimes, I would even cry his name. From behind me, Dr. Miletus would sit up, and one of her arms would come underneath of my shoulder, while the other would drape over my side so she could hold me, and in my sleep, both of my hands would grip her arms tightly as I cried. She would shush me, and sometimes, she would use the tips of her fingers to brush my hair back out of my face, and even though my mind was playing through the memories of Nick and me, or it was tormenting me by projecting images of how I thought he must have looked when he died, or wondering what his last thoughts must have been, my cries calmed, and empty darkness took hold of my mind, allowing me to sleep something close to peacefully but not quite there.
I don’t think Dr. Miletus slept at all that night, because she was on alert, listening for my cries. Or maybe she had her own dark thoughts that she did not want to see in nightmares but would rather face head-on while she was awake. While I would find out later what exactly was keeping her up that night, I knew that part of the reason for her remaining conscious was so she could keep watch over me. 
In my sleep, I traveled distances far and wide. My unconscious mind was searching for Brynna and James again, even though the last time I had seen them, I had woken up feeling sick and traumatized. But I had to know where they were. I had to know if they were all right.
But I was not like Brynna. I could not find her. She had to find me. The reason why I had been able to see was because she was vulnerable and therefore unable to stop herself from throwing her mind’s reel out until she got a bite, so to speak, from someone she loved. Her power was endless in what it could do. In this case, I was relying on her ability to flit in between people’s minds until she found someone with whom she could telepathically communicate. If I said that I was open to her entering my mind, would it make it easier for her to connect? I didn’t know, but in my sleep, I thought it was possible. In my sleep, I thought anything was possible.
“Brynn?” I asked, “Brynna, I need you.”
I’m here.
Her voice was there, but not even a second later, it was like it had never been. My unconscious mind wondered if I had even heard it. It was like she had flipped a light-switch to let me see her but flipped it back off before I could. She had disappeared while I was blinking.
“Nick is gone.” I said, and there was a long silence.
Her voice still had that quality of coming and going in a blink, leaving me doubtful that it had ever been there at all, but in the second it took for me to hear her before her voice disappeared, I heard such genuine remorse. I heard such pity for me.
So sorry, baby.
She had never called me ‘baby’ before; it was a pet name she reserved for James and Penny. But it fit in this instance, and for some reason, it comforted me.
“I don’t know what to do.” I told her. “Where are you, Brynna? Where is James?”
Gone. 
“Both of you?”
James is gone. 
I had known what the Old Spirits were doing just from the brief snippet I had seen. It was classic conditioning: He touched her, they injected something into her that made her feel terrible pain wherever his hands were placed on her body. She touched him, and he experienced the same pain. I knew that it had gone on for days, and it had been relentless. The fact that they had lasted days was amazing, considering how terrible the pain must have been and how weak their bodies and minds must have become. One of them was bound to break, or else they both would have died. I am sure that by the end of the torture, they were both standing with one foot on each side of the line between the living and the dead. So, James’s mind and body gave out, and he and Brynna could never be together again, in the same way that Nick and I could never be together again. I pitied us both. I shed more tears in my sleep on both of our behalves. 
“I’m so sorry, Brynnie.”
Just want to make it all go away. For both of us. For you and me.
“Me, too. I wish I could reverse it all for us.”
It is going to be a very long time before I see you again. 
“Don’t say that. Just tell me where you are, and I will find a way to escape from here, and I will find you. I promise.”
Don’t know where I am. But it is going to be so long before I see you and Penny. My Penny… My little girl. It is going to years, Violet. Years upon years upon years…
“No.” I said firmly, “You are going to find out where you are, and then you will tell me, and then I am going to find you. And…” My heart plummeted into my stomach, and I suddenly wanted to vomit. 
Penny wasn’t with her. I had dropped her in the woods, and I had prayed so hard in what I thought were my final moments that she would make it back to the forest village, back to Brynna and James. But she had not. 
She ran. When they were going to kill us, I made sure she got away. She’s there with you, Violet. She’s there. Please tell me she’s there.
She had heard my thoughts. She had felt my fear. She knew.
VIOLET. Tell me that she’s there! 
“Brynna, I’m so sorry… Oh, my God, where is she?! Where could she have gone?! Brynna?”
But her voice was gone, and I felt the connection between her mind and mine disengage. I awoke with a start, and across the world, she did the same, I knew. Together, we awoke with a unanimous gasp. Penny was missing, and Brynna had said that it would be years before she saw Penny and me again. It couldn’t be. I couldn’t lose her for that long. I wouldn’t survive for that long without her. And Penny… She was only six years old, and she was alone. She was lost and alone in the Shadow Forest, or she had been captured by Tyre’s people, who had wanted to sacrifice her when they had first found her… Oh, God, I couldn’t fathom it all. Nick was gone. Penny was missing. Brynna would be gone for years, she had said, and James was lost to us all forever. 
Dr. Miletus was behind me, shushing me as I cried so hard that my hands had to wrap around my stomach, and I had to bury my face in her chest to stifle the sound. She was stroking my hair, her hands running smoothly down the back of it, and her thumbs coming up to wipe my tears away.
“Alright, now.” She whispered soothingly, “It is alright.”
After a few deep breaths, I was able to calm my cries enough to speak.
“Dr. Miletus,” I said, “We have to get out of here now.”
***
Even though it was highly unlikely that they had any devices in the room that could record and transmit our conversation, we spoke in hushed whispers, all the while using our enhanced hearing to pick up the sounds of footsteps in the hallway whenever there were any outside the barred door. We would hear someone walking by, and we would start speaking at a normal volume about something mundane, or I would start fake-sobbing (which would sometimes turn into real sobbing) and together, we would watch the shadows of the person’s (or people’s) feet to make sure that they did not stop in front of our door. The first time we performed this act, Dr. Miletus gestured for me to continue not-totally-fake sobbing even after their feet had passed our door; she was accounting for the length of the hallway and the sounds of my sobs being audible even at the end. If I had stopped right after or even soon after they had passed us, they would have gotten suspicious. It was not guaranteed that they would have even noticed, but Dr. Miletus was thinking through all the possibilities, even the most unlikely or ridiculous.
“It will have to be Caspar.” She said to me quietly as we sat on the bed, our eyes fixed on the door. “For want of a better word, he is quite infatuated with you.”
“That seems like a pretty good word.”
Well, I could think of worse ones. She could have said ‘fascinated,’ and then I would have thought that he viewed me as some sort of science experiment, or a strange creature in the zoo. She could have said ‘in love,’ and I would have cringed, because Nick was gone, and I loved him, and besides, given Caspar’s change of allegiance, I would never view him with anything other than complete loathing for the rest of my immortal life. I should have viewed him with such ire after what he had done to Dr. Miletus, and after he had led me down that dark path on which I almost lost any opportunity I had to achieve my dream of becoming a doctor. I had told Brynna that I would never write him off, because he couldn’t help what he was, but I was writing him off now. Maybe it was foolish, my earlier sympathy for him. Maybe it was stupid of me to take so long to write him off. But I had pitied him. He could not help it that he was born Dionysian, and had to hurt people and force them into hard bargains in order to survive. It wasn’t his fault that his father had disowned him based on what he was. But if I thought about his strained relationship with Adam, I would see that he had reason for his change of allegiance. His father had sent him away the second it became apparent that he would be a Dionysian. He had shipped him off to war, and he had hoped that Caspar would die. His own father had hoped he would die so that he, the King of Pangaea, would not have this dark stain on his family ledger. It was so sad to think about, and I wondered if the reason why Brynna had sympathized very slightly with him was because she had been written off the same way, and just as unfairly. I wondered if I sympathized with him because I had seen how my father’s exiling of Brynna from our family had affected her, and how once I had lost my father, too, how despite all common sense, it made me sad to know that we would never have anything close to the somewhat alright relationship we had once had, when we were still on Earth. 
I had a bad habit of sympathizing with people who deserved no sympathy.
“It is not an accurate word, because it is deeper than an infatuation, Violet.” Dr. Miletus told me, “I can feel it in his heart, and if you allow yourself, you will feel it, too. Hopefully, what he feels for you will make him drop his guard, and he will share with you all we need to know.”
“Yes.”
There was an elephant in the room, to say the least. She did not want to address it, but she knew that she had to, because it was lodged firmly in her chest, causing her great discomfort. She was afraid to broach the subject, because she was afraid of offending me, because what if I had not thought of it? What if I was not even thinking along those lines? But she had a daughter my age, and she could not imagine her daughter being asked to do what she thought that I would have to do, and she looked at me maternally, however slightly, because I reminded her of her daughter, and she would never want me to have to sleep with him in order to gain his help.
“I am not going to do it. I can’t even fathom doing that, Dr. Miletus.” I said.
“Good.” She replied, and she did not seem shocked that I had read her thoughts, though I had not read her thoughts in the way that Brynna could read thoughts. I had just seen the discomfort in her heart and made an educated guess as to what was causing her to feel that way. 
“I would not want you to do that, even if it meant we would gain the information we need in order to escape with our loved ones in tow. I am not willing to ask that of you, even if it would guarantee that I would see my wife and daughter again.”
“I’m so sorry about your husband, Dr. Miletus.”
She was silent, and out of respect, I did not look at her. Her eyes had remained set in stone, and her voice had remained level when she had told me. The only signs of her internal pain were that her voice was quieter than usual, and when I looked into her heart, I could see the pillars burning, walls crumbling, and all standing structures falling in on themselves. Her husband had been killed in front of their house as she tried to shuffle her daughter and very pregnant wife out of the back. There had been guards around the back of the house who caught them, and she and her husband had tried to kill them all as her wife and daughter hid back in the house, but as quick as we are, and as skilled as we fight, we are no match for a frightened sixteen-year-old Old Spirit, formerly of Earth, with a machine gun, firing wildly as his adult fighting companions are slaughtered around him by two of his “enemies.” Her husband had pushed her out of the way, behind their wood supply, and then dove over her, but he had been riddled by bullets and was dead before she could even look to see how many times he had been shot. 
“The worst part of it is that I pity the young boy who killed him. I feel such sympathy for the child who murdered my husband of two hundred years.” She had laughed softly at that, absolutely bitterly. “It is unfair to both him and to me, that he was forced to rob this world of the great love of my life. Well, one of two of my great loves.”
“That’s all I keep thinking with Nick, too. The world has been robbed of him. It’s so unfair. Can I tell you something that nobody knows?”
“If you feel comfortable doing so, then yes.”
“Brynna killed Rene.”
I waited a moment, but her heart showed no shock, and she did not say anything. For a moment, I wondered if she was passing judgment on Brynna, but then, she smiled very slightly.
“I figured as much. I did not know why she would do it, but I could see the secret of it burrowed deeply in her heart.”
“He was obsessed with me, so she killed him. That’s what Brynna does. But Nick met her there, totally by accident. He was going there to kill him for me, because he said it was his job. And later, he told me that he was not a hero. He could never be a hero. He just wasn’t brave. It made me cry to hear him say that, and it made him cry, too. Because he was brave, Dr. Miletus. He just couldn’t kill. He was so good that he couldn’t go to a man’s house in the middle of the night and kill him, even if it was for me. I knew that, and I loved that about him. But he always said, ‘When I die, I am going to go out in a blaze of glory.’ He said he would leave this world with gusto and drama and chivalry and epic bravery. And he died on an operating table, screaming, and crying, enraged, and sad, and scared. It’s not your fault. I’m not saying it’s your fault. But it’s so unfair that he is gone, and that he died like that. He deserved so much better. He deserved his heroic, glorious death. It all would have come full-circle for him that way, and it didn’t happen. He just died.”
“It should have been like it would be in stories.”
“Exactly.”
“It should have been a beautiful death. God, Millen talked of it so often. And he did die heroically. He died shielding me, and protecting his daughter and wife and unborn baby. I suppose he would not have wanted to die any other way. But Nick died heroically in his own way, Violet. He was fleeing with you, your friends, and your sister.” 
“But he failed. We failed. And now Penny is out there all alone, or worse, she is gone. It might just be me now. And you still have your wife and your daughter, but you’re totally in charge now.”
“Yes. It is up to only me now to protect my family, a position into which I never wanted to be put, because I had grown to rely on him so much, and to love him so much, over these past two hundred years, and there are days where only he could calm my wife down, or where he could talk sense into Illa, and now that is up to me. I can do it, but by the One God, I know there will be days when I miss him so much…” Her voice shuddered very slightly, and without looking at her still, I grasped her hand, which she squeezed back gently. “Right now, I can hold my grief away, because we have this task before us to escape from this cell, to rescue our loved ones, and to escape from here. But so long as we survive, there will come quiet moments, and in those quiet moments, I will ache for him. I fear feeling pain, Violet. I fear it because it makes me weak. It makes me dysfunctional, inefficient. It robs me of everything that makes me who I am. And as much as I pity that boy who took him from me, I hate him. I hate an innocent child who more than likely had no choice. I hate them all indiscriminately for what they have done, for what they have taken from me, from you, from your sister, from every person I have ever known in my hundreds of years. I hate that they inflict this pain on us. I hate that they take away from us what we love most in this world.”
“And that they feel nothing when they do.” 
“Exactly.” She replied, “I might not be your sister, Violet, so I cannot say this for sure, but I have a prediction for what the future might hold. Over the years, we will face a choice to take away from them as they have taken from us, or to show them mercy. We will face this choice time and again, and each time, we will choose the same. By the end of this, we will be as dark as they are.”
“Yes.” I agreed, because she was absolutely right. “But do you know why we’ll be different, Dr. Miletus?”
“No.” She replied, “Tell me.”
“Because we will have a reason to take from them. A valid reason. They take from us because we are different, because we don’t believe what they believe, and because they are afraid of us. When the time comes, we will take from them because they took from us. It will be justified.”
“Perhaps. But here is the one line of reasoning for which neither you and I nor they account: The One God we both claim to follow is a merciful God. Even if they follow the Old Ways, in the Old Ways, he did show mercy, and said that we should show mercy. I do believe in the One God. The One God of the New Ways. But I will never show them mercy, Violet. I make a promise here and now on my soul that I will never show them mercy, and if that will buy me a lifetime in the Eternal Darkness, then so be it.”
I finally looked over at her, and my hand that had let go of hers moments earlier held out to her, palm up. She looked at me, and I could see that throughout our discussion of all that had happened and all that we both thought would be, she had been crying. It had not shown in her voice, but there were tears streaming down her cheeks. I was thankful that I had not looked at her, that I had given her the privacy she had needed to cry simply by keeping my head facing forward. 
“So be it.” I repeated.
She placed her hand, palm down, on top of mine, and squeezed.



Brynna
My lungs drew in a gasp so sharp that even while I was stuck in the paralysis brought on by the state of dreaming, my hand somehow managed to jerk up and grasp my chest. My body broke completely free from that paralysis, with my chest rising first and then pulling the rest of my body up with it. Janna and Adam awoke with gasps of their own and both immediately sat up to begin trying to comfort me.
“Penny isn’t with them.” I murmured, to stop them from talking, to stop them from trying to tell me that it was just a nightmare. When Adam went to speak again, I repeated myself louder, more forcefully. “Penny isn’t with them! She is not with Violet! She never made it back!”
“Brynna, how do you know this?” Janna asked, and even though I was not looking back at them, I knew that Adam must have given her the look asking if she was seriously posing such a silly question to me. My power was legendary; everyone knew I was an Athene, though they did not know just how powerful of an Athene I was. 
“Never mind. Of course. Never mind me.” Janna said, and I slid down to the end of the bed so I could stand and begin pacing.
“What if they have her?” I muttered, more to myself than to them, though in my peripheral vision, I could see Adam beginning to stand. He came over to me and tried to wrap one of the throw blankets around my shoulders, and I shook him off at first.
“Brynna. Come now, it is too cold in here…”
“I don’t care. What if they have her, Adam? And Violet… The Old Spirits were at the bunker, and they have her now, too. And they probably have Alice and Quinn, and Nick is dead! Violet is devastated because Nick is gone, and what am I going to do?”
I was shaking, and the tremors were the result of the adrenaline coursing through me, certainly, but the fear I felt for the lives of Violet, Quinn, and Alice, but especially Penny, was driving my body to tremble that way, as well. But also, I was shaking because Adam was right: that room was freezing. When I turned away from him, I was hugging myself as I often did when I became overwhelmed with emotion and when I was cold, and he wrapped the throw blanket around me and began to rub my arms. At first, I was going to storm away, because the last thing I wanted was to be comforted while Penny was out there, in someplace unknown to me, lost and afraid and alone. But just as I went to walk away, the feeling of his hands rubbing up and down my arms calmed my mind enough that I could begin to think on a straighter, clearer path, and I released the deep breath I had not realized I had been holding and relaxed my body against him. 
“We have to get out of here.” I told him, “We have to escape from here, Adam. I need to find her. Something terrible is going to happen to her out there. She will not survive on her own.”
“You are right.” He said, “So we will…”
But just then, the door opened, and Janna immediately stood and joined us. 
“Ah,” Tyre said, “You are both looking better. And my, you are quieter.” He said to Janna, who scowled at him but said nothing, though I could see that there was plenty she wished to say. 
“Do not speak to her.” Adam snarled.
“She is no longer your concern, Adam.”
“She is my concern.”
“No. Her husband is here to take her away.”
It was devastating to me, but the second he entered the room, my skin prickled painfully, and my body recoiled further into Adam. It was a reflex, one that I could not have prevented if I had tried; it was an animal’s instinctual drive to avoid experiencing pain. Adam was standing behind me, and his grip on me tightened because he had felt my body press harder against his, and he had seen my shoulders tense, and my head turn away from James. Because he was touching me, and because my defenses against entering the minds of others had briefly been shattered by the sight of James, I read into his thoughts to see that he pitied us both terribly. If you have read the transmissions proceeding this, then you know how he hated James, and how he wished for the demise of our relationship so that he could have me. But seeing us in such a state brought my new husband no joy at all. In fact, it hurt him, and it was not just me for whom he was hurting; he was hurting for James, too. 
“No man or woman deserves it.” He said to me without speaking out loud, because he knew that I was in his mind and could hear him. “Not even him. Especially not you.”
James did not appear to suffer when he saw me. His eyes scanned me like I was a stranger, albeit one that provoked him to feel a great deal of disgust. However, I knew that if I were to lunge towards him, threatening to touch him, he would not only recoil in the way that I had, but he would more than likely strike out at me. It was amazing that their torture method had been so effective on both of us in such different ways. Clearly, because he had been the one to break in the end, he would be the one to feel the resentment towards me. But actually, it was not resentment; it was downright hatred. He saw me as the cause of the terrible agony he had endured for hours upon hours upon hours; he did not blame them for those hours, he blamed me. Because I had been the one who had held on just a little bit longer, I did not feel towards him the resentment or the hatred. I felt only the love I had always felt for him and the hopeless realization that he would never feel towards me again that love I knew he had felt for so long. He was the one left with the broken mind, I was the one left with the broken heart. And wasn’t that little swap of broken things ironic? His heart was stronger than mine, and my mind was stronger than his; at least our strongest parts had not been broken, I suppose. 
“Let’s go.” He said to Janna, and he reached out his hand to her. She looked between Adam and me apologetically, and while Adam showed no reaction to watching the wife he had chosen walk to the man they had chosen for her, a man whom he hated, I nodded, telling her that it was alright. Despite the self-satisfaction that she had felt after their one-night affair, I could see her guilt now, and her reluctance to showcase right in front of me that she would be his wife, not me. I nodded, because it was not her fault, and there was nothing either of us could do, but the sight of her taking his hand and turning away to leave with him burnt through me like a powerful, corrosive acid. It was anger, it was envy, it was disgust… My eyes fell on Tyre while he was watching them, and for one second, I felt them change over to red. He had been the one to order that punishment for James and me; he had been the one to separate us; he had been the one to irreversibly take him from me… He was the one showcasing that Janna was James’s wife right in front of me; he was the one keeping me locked up in that room; he was the one not letting me find Penny, who was out there, afraid and alone…
“James.” I said, and we both startled ever so slightly, me because my voice had taken on a will of its own to speak his name, and him because he had not expected me to speak to him.
“No.” Tyre said, and his voice had regained that kindness and patience with which he had spoken to me before he had forced me to look at James’s dead body. “Brynna, he does not belong to you anymore. He is hers. There is nothing for you to say to him. Adam, tell your wife that you will not permit her to speak to him.”
“Penny is missing!” I said, before Adam could speak. James’s head turned to me, but he said nothing. “She did not make it back to Violet. I don’t know where she is; she is probably out in the woods, all alone…”
He turned to me, his eyes boring into me so intensely, but his face remaining totally impassive. For a moment, I thought that he was trying to communicate with me telepathically, so I opened my mind to receive his message. But there was nothing. His mind was blank. When I pushed further to see into his heart, I saw that it was as empty of activity as his mind. 
“James!” I exclaimed, still keeping the channel open, trying to fill the vacuum of space in his mind and heart with my absolute terror for our daughter. She was ours, I was her mother, and he was her father; she called him ‘Daddy,’ she loved him tremendously, and she needed us. She was out there alone, waiting for us to find her. 
But there was nothing. His mind was emitting thoughts of confusion, because why should he care about my kid? What did she have to do with him? He did not have amnesia; he remembered how we had been raising her together, how he had been a present force in her life every day for the previous two years, how he had put her to bed at night, told her stories, taken her to school, patched up her cuts when she got hurt, stayed up through the night with her when she got sick, how she had called him ‘Daddy’ for the last months of our time together as a family… He just did not care. They had not just robbed him of his love for me, they had robbed him of his love for her, too. 
And that hurt worse than anything they could ever have done to me. 
“She’s yours.” He said, and he shrugged slightly, “It’s your problem. Deal with it.”
“James, you’re in there.” I said, and I started to walk forward, but Adam wrapped his arms around me and held me back. That didn’t stop me from continuing to try to reach James. “I know you’re still in there, and I need you to remember her. I don’t care about me, I just need you to remember your love for her. She loves you so much, you’re her father!”
“I am not her father!” He snapped at me, and he was starting to storm towards me now. Tyre held out one arm and was able to hold him back, even though three of the formerly Earthean guards who had tried to stop him when he had first lunged had been unable to hinder him at all. “She is nothing! You are nothing! Do you hear me?! You are nothing!” 
“Come on.” Janna was saying softly, and she had both of her hands on his shoulders. “Come on, James. It is time to go.”
His eyes were blazing into mine, so red that there was no way that he was forcing it. He could not falsify enough rage to make his eyes so deeply red. He could not falsify the thoughts in his head that proclaimed how little he cared for me and for Penny. When he turned to Janna, grabbed the back of her head, and pulled her into him so he could kiss her, it made me sick, but not nearly as sick as what he had said about Penny, the fact that he was lost to her irreversibly… 
Janna took his hand, not chancing an apologetic glance back at me because Tyre was watching them, and together, hand-in-hand, she and James left the room. 
“So, Penelope is among the missing? Who told you this, Brynna?” Tyre asked me, but I was not going to speak to him. I was going to glare at him, with eyes that were even more deeply red than James’s had been. I knew that James could not falsify his rage for me, and Tyre knew from looking into my eyes that I could not falsify the rage I felt towards him; I loathed him down to his core, and I would kill him the second I got the chance.
“Oh, I know that you are angry now, Brynna, but you will come to thank me one day. For all of this. Believe you me, there will come a day when you rue the moment you met James Maxwell, and I have spared you that now. All the truths there are to know about him, all the lies he has told… But no matter. All of that ugliness is of little importance now.”
I did not believe a word out of his mouth, though he paused for a moment to let them all sink in.
“Now,” He said, “Who told you about Penelope being missing?”
“I just know it.” I snapped at him, because it seemed as though the person who had told me would suffer repercussions if he found out who she was, and obviously, I would not endanger Violet.
“She is not missing, and if she were missing, you would have seen it, and then you would have ‘just known it.’ Someone told you. Is your sister communicating with you, Mrs. Elohimson?”
Still weird.
“No. I saw it in a dream that Penny is missing. Where is she, Tyre?”
“She is alright.”
“Where is she?!” I yelled at him, and he snapped; his closed fist was delivered in a vicious backhand punch across my face, and if Adam had not been lightly holding me, I would have crashed to the floor. 
“Get out!” Adam bellowed. His body was trembling violently, and I knew that he had never wanted to kill anyone in all his thousands of years more than he wanted to kill Tyre right then.
Tyre sighed and ran his hands backwards over his hair, pushing it back into place. He reached out and grasped my chin.
“She is safe, but she will not be for long if you continue on this infuriating path of disobedience. I will not tolerate your defiance for much longer. I am making a concentrated effort to be calm and gentle with you, Brynna, but you are trying my patience. And you…” He pointed at Adam, “…You had better enjoy this time with her now, because soon, I will place her into the General Population, and you will see her only when I say that you may.”
“General Population?” I managed to ask, and my heart sunk, because suddenly, it dawned on me. I looked up at him, and Adam looked at him, because together, we realized it. 
“Yes.” Tyre said, “Welcome to the great and terrible Lapsarian.”
***
The night before they placed me into the General Population, Adam and I sat on his bed, him with his back against the pillows and me lying in the crook of his arm. His hand was holding mine, and I was linking our fingers together and unlinking them, touching our palms together when our fingers were unlinked, and squeezing his hand when our fingers were locked together. All the while, I stared ahead, thinking of Penny, of Violet, of James, of Quinn, Alice, Nick, Rachel, Joe, Tony, Tom, Savannah, Ellie, Oliver… I thought of the Earthean survivors, and I thought of Adam’s people, those who had followed him from his destroyed city to his wife’s village, thinking they would be safe, and who had either been killed or taken captive. I had grown to care for every person in our village over my time in the Council. Their problems had been my problems, and I wanted to put into place the solutions that would help them most. One family’s struggle was all of our struggles, and we never forgot that. Together, Adam, Janna, Don, and I, with the help of the Council, had begun to make things right for those families that had survived so much. Before the Old Spirits invaded, we had been receiving near-perfect approval ratings (though I hate using that phrase, because it is so closely tied with Earthean politics) from each district within the village, and people were finally happier but most importantly, they were feeling safer than ever. 
I suppose if we had focused on our “foreign policy” (another phrase that is annoyingly tied to Earthean politics, and turns my stomach because of my mother, because of what she did in the interest of promoting a stronger “foreign policy”) and hunted down the Old Spirits instead of trying to improve our “domestic policies” (again, gross) for the sake of our people at home, we might not have been invaded. Maybe “foreign policy” is everything. Maybe it is what makes “domestic policy” possible. Maybe my mother really was acting in her country’s best interest.
Or maybe all of this is bullshit, and it does not matter at all. 
“Tell me something about Pan…” I stopped, “Tell me something about Purissimus.” 
“I love your Earthean American accent when you say it.” He said, “It is so ridiculous but also strangely delightful.”
“Shut up.” I said with a slight laugh, “I am sorry that we can’t all speak with the elegance and eloquence of the Purissimissian monarchy.” 
“Oh, it is not just the ‘Purissimissian’ monarchy, my dear. It is all ‘Purissimissians.’”
“You are mocking me right now.”
“Yes, I am.” He replied, “But know that it is only in jest.”
“I know that it is only in jest.”
“Good. What do you want to know?”
“Something. Anything. What else is out there?”
He exhaled a deep breath, looking thoughtful.
“Everything, I suppose. Cities both large and small. Villages. Open space. Oceans. Deserts. Caves. Mountains. Moors.”
“There are other cities besides Lumiere?”
“Of course there are other cities besides Lumiere!” He replied with a hearty chuckle, “By the One God, we have cities that are as technologically advanced as some of the cities on your former Orb, we have cities that choose to get along more naturally, we have cities by the sea, cities built into the sky, cities underwater, cities built into the mountain walls, cities all around, Brynna, my love.”
“Okay. Do you have movies? I love movies.”
“Though we ‘Purissimissians’ have tried to mimic your Hollywood, it has never quite come to fruition. Therefore, we have every Earthean film imaginable.”
“Do you have pornos?” I asked, just to be randy, and just to see if I could shock him, which I did. I giggled ridiculously, and he laughed before kissing the top of my head.
“I was unaware that it was those movies you loved, but yes, I do believe there are some stores in the cities that specialize in them.”
“I don’t actually like them, I was just curious.” I told him, “If ever we get out of here, I want to go to a city with movies. I miss them terribly.”
“As do I. Your kind excelled in creativity. The art that came off of your Orb was one of the things over which Janna and I initially bonded. She loves Earthean culture. I find it very interesting, as well. Though I rarely remember their names, I do have several favorite pictures that I have seen from Earth.”
“Let me guess, they are older, more classical films. Like Casablanca or Gone with the Wind.”
“By the One God, no.” He replied with a grimace, “Though Janna’s eyes positively lit up when we watched those. I thoroughly enjoyed the film about the man trying to save his wife and her colleagues from Russian thugs at Christmas time.”
“Die Hard!” I exclaimed, “That is a classic!”
“That is the one.” He replied with a grin, “I am surprised you know it.”
“Of course I know it! I saw all of those films.”
“I have never seen the others, but I do find the first one quite entertaining.”
“That is so funny. Well, as soon as we get off of this ship, you had better take me to place with movies. I want to see what else you like to watch, because your first choice is so amazingly perfect, albeit unexpected.”
“It shall be done. I cannot wait to see which movies you find entertaining, and which you do not like.”
“You would be surprised what I like and do not like. But I will not spoil the mystery now. So I will ask another question. What else is out there? I have seen most of Shadow Forest…”
“You have seen a tiny fraction of Shadow Forest.” He corrected me.
“Seriously?”
“Seriously.”
“But we were lost in it for three days, and the house was technically a part of Shadow Forest, wasn’t it?” 
Mentioning the house had brought memories of the time we had spent within it barging through to the forefront of my mind. I remembered James and me, sitting on the porch. “You are a handsome devil,” I had said, so randomly, and he had smiled, leaned over, and kissed me. I remembered the nights we had spent staying up well past midnight, talking and laughing while I sat perched on his middle. I remembered the nights we had laid in bed, him drawing or reading, me always reading, or the nights we had laid clutched together in the dark room lit only by the firelight, making love well into the night, almost every night…
I remembered Penny, how she had made so many friends there. How she had spent her days with me in the kitchen, but how she had flitted about between people, helping them with their tasks and talking their ears off, as they say. Everyone had adored her, in both places we had lived. I remembered how she and James would swim in the lake while I sat on the shore, watching them. I remembered how Violet and Nick had constantly been seen around the house together, how they had spent almost every waking moment together as young couples tend to do. When she thought I was asleep or that James and I were distracted by other things, she had let Nick sneak into her room, and James had told me just to let her be, because though she was young, she was responsible, and they loved each other.
“And you don’t want to be the mean old witch lady who stands in the way of young love, do you?” He had asked, and I had frowned at him.
“That is so rude.” I had said.
“Yes. It would be rude of you to be the mean old witch lady who stands in the way of young love.” He had replied without missing a beat, and I had laughed. He always made me laugh. That quality about him sat in the top three on my list of reasons why I loved him so much. 
He had always trusted Violet more than I did, and that was fine; he had been right. She had stumbled a few times, and a part of me inevitably blamed myself for that. We had been fighting constantly over James being exiled from our home, and I know that she had complained to Caspar about it, and he had listened and agreed with her, while Nick had disagreed. I knew that from reading her mind and Nick’s, and because in Caspar’s mind, I had seen that he knew too many details of the struggle between James and me that only Violet could have told him. Violet was tough to handle on my own, because James had always had a way with her that kept her calm and rational even as he was constructively criticizing her choices or giving her advice she did not necessarily want to hear.
James, despite his other faults, was a truly phenomenal father; in that area, he needed no guidance, because he was a natural. That was funny to me, because he had not wanted children with his wife, nor had we wanted to have children of our own. But when he had had Penny and Violet thrust upon him because of the strange circumstances in which we had found ourselves following the end of our lives on Earth, and because of his relationship with me, he excelled in his paternal responsibilities so much so that sometimes he was better at being a makeshift father than I was at being a makeshift mother. 
Once, he had decided on the first semi-warm day of the summer that it would be Mother’s Day, because I had told him a few days earlier that I felt less than sufficient in my maternal capabilities. It had been shortly after he had moved back home, and Violet and I had still been fighting over all that had transpired with Caspar, and Penny was being a hooligan, getting into fights with other kids, or getting into trouble with various people around town; she, Idan, Maribel, Tajel, and a few other kids, Eartheans and Pangaeans, became known village-wide as the Under Ten Mafia, because they were constantly getting into trouble. James and I had just returned from being reamed out by a local farmer after Penny and her friends had stolen some of his crops, and Penny was in her room wailing because I had told her that she was no longer allowed to play outside until she learned to behave herself, and I had spent ten minutes shouting at her, and I never shouted at her… As she had wailed in her room, James had talked me down as I cried, too, telling me that it was all going to pass, they were both in a phase, and we would get through it together. I had known then how much I needed him, and it was then that I realized I did not just need him for my sake, I needed him for theirs, too. I could have done it on my own; women and men raised children on their own every day, but it was hard work. If I could have him around, I would have him around, because he helped me so much. 
So he had decided that it was going to be Mother’s Day for me, and he had somehow made Violet forget her anger at me, because she had helped with his plan, and Quinn, Alice, and Nick had helped, because, as they told me later, I was their de facto Mom, too. I had awoken that morning, because of the commotion I had heard in the kitchen. I heard pots banging, voices shushing the noise, hysterical laughter, voices shushing the giggling, something being dropped, really hysterical laughter (which was mainly James), and as I got closer, I could hear them whispering to each other. 
“What are you hooligans doing?” I had asked, as I pushed open the swinging door to the kitchen. “My stars…”
The kitchen had been an utter disaster. For all the world, it looked like the cabinets, refrigerator, and sink had spontaneously thrown up. There was flour everywhere, chocolate chips all over the floor, open containers of various breakfast meats, blocks of cheese cut into pieces, pots and pans strewn wildly about. As my eyes took in the damage, they all stared at me, frozen, their eyes wide, the model looks of deer in headlights.
“Happy de facto Mother’s Day!” Nick had shouted happily to break the silence, and they had all dissolved into hysterical laughter, and I had laughed, too, because it was so ridiculous, but so adorable, and I had realized in that moment how very much I loved them all, individually and as this strange group, this de facto family. 
All of those reminiscences stemmed from a single mention of our house, and from that starting point, I had traveled through the two years of our lives together. My hands were wiping the tears from my eyes, and I was apologizing to Adam at the same time I was turning onto my side so I could bury my face in his chest and cry there quietly.
“You will need to start wearing a quick-dry bathing suit shirt, as much as I cry on you.” I told him, and despite his concern for me, he laughed.
“You may cry on me whenever you feel the need, though obviously, I wish you had no reason to cry this way.”
“I need to stop. I need to start toughening myself up if I am going to be amongst the world’s biggest and baddest criminals tomorrow.”
“That is tomorrow. Tonight, you may do whatever you need to do to feel well again.”
“I don’t think I am going to feel well again for a very long time, Adam, but I will be able to fake it in order to survive out there.”
“I have no doubt. You have been through so much, Brynna Olivier, and you have survived. I have no doubt that you will survive this, as well.”
“I wish that you were going to be there with me.”
“As do I. This room is fine while you are in it with me, but once you are gone, these walls will begin to close in, and I will feel smothered until you return to me. Also, if I were out there with you, I would be able to protect you, though I know you do not need my protection.”
“I need you, though.”
He did not reply for a moment, and I knew it was because he had hoped to hear those words from me for a very long time.
“Yes.” He said, after he had regained himself, “I need you, as well.”
We were quiet, and I was thinking how affection for me seemed to be built on a foundation of need: I needed the person first, and felt great affection (and even love) for them later. I wondered if that was unusual, but I had no one to ask except for him, and I did not feel like broaching such a deep topic, nor did I think he felt like pondering such a deep topic. We were both exhausted, and we were trying to spend our last few hours together in some semblance of peace. I did not want to sleep, because I did not want to lose any time with him to unconsciousness. I wanted to lie in his arms and listen to him speaking, because I did not know how long it would be until I could see him again. Truth be told, there was no guarantee that I would see him again. There was a chance that I could be killed by one of the other inmates, and there was a chance that he could anger Tyre, and Tyre would kill him. My hands tightened their grip on him, and I pushed myself up further so that I was lying with my head nestled beneath his. His arms tightened around me, and I could tell that he knew what I was thinking even though I was focusing distinctly on keeping him out of my mind. He knew because he was beginning to know me. He was beginning to know how my mind worked without seeing into it when I dropped my guard.
“You are going to survive out there, my love.” He told me, “And I will survive in here. I promise you, we will see our way through this.”
“How do you know?” I asked, “When I look forward, I see nothing.”
“I know, because I know of our strength. I know of our shrewdness. I know of our ability to survive. In your short twenty-four years, you have fought tooth and nail to survive. In my thousands of years, even before my reign as King, I did the same. We are dangerous because we know of our ability to survive against all odds, Brynna. That makes us more dangerous than any of them. The men and women you encounter here will be some of the worst you have ever met. They will be some of the most dangerous. But they are inherently afraid, because they do not know if they can survive, but you do know that you can. I know that you can. And I know that I can survive, as well.”
I nodded and closed my eyes just for a second. I wanted to remember, down to the finest detail, how it felt to lie there with him. I wanted to remember the warmth of his body, the roughness of his skin beneath my skin. I wanted to remember the slow, rhythmic beating of his heart, and his slow, calm breaths. I wanted to remember how the feeling of lying there with him enveloped me in this calmness that I cannot adequately describe. It was like being cloaked in a tight blanket that was my only defense against some lethal chill, and yet it did not just warm me against the onslaught of cold, it left me feeling only dully the fear I felt of that incoming onslaught. It brought a heaviness to my eyes and a total relaxation of my body, because I knew that even though he was imprisoned, and even though they had the upper hand, he would not allow harm to come to me. He was the rightful King, and he had remained on his throne for so long because his ability to read hearts left people falling to his will and fearing him tremendously; he possessed unbelievable, almost terrible strength; and his shrewdness and intellect were unmatched. And I had his love, so he would not allow harm to come to me, and he had my love, so I would protect him, too. I could never say those three words, though I could say the Pangaean phrase that was not even an equivalent; “You have my love” was so far above “I love you” that they were not even considered in the same class of sentiment. One was considered almost casual, and one was considered almost divine, as sentiments go. 
“You have my love.” He whispered to me as I began to doze, “You have it in whatever way you will accept.”
I opened my eyes, tilted my head up, and kissed his lips, holding mine to his for a very long time before kissing him again. 
“And you have mine.”

Quinn
Somehow, sleep took hold of both Don and me. It was so heavy and deep that as I was drifting off into it, I feared briefly that they had drugged our food. Just as the fear ascended abruptly, it dropped just as fast, because I was asleep. 
They drugged us, my sleeping mind told me lazily, and I shrugged it off, because what did it matter?
Either that, or it’s because I haven’t slept for two days, I reasoned.
My mind seemed to agree with that, and after I turned over onto my side and reached quickly for the blanket so I could cover myself up, I dropped off completely.
“Quinn?” Her voice was saying softly. “Quinn?!”
I wasn’t dreaming of her. I didn’t see her in my dream, but it was definitely her voice. I wondered briefly if I was taking a page out of Brynna’s book and picking up some telepathic message she was trying to send me, but then, I felt two hands shaking me, gently at first, but then so hard that as I awoke, I feared briefly that I was going to get whiplash. 
“What?!” I exclaimed, but then, she was kissing me, and I was laughing, because she really was there. Don was waking up, whining about how much noise we were making, until he realized that Alice had come for us, and the cell door was open.
“Am I dreaming right now?” He asked, and he jumped onto his feet. Alice and I were still laughing and kissing, lying on the cot, her on top of me, her hair flipped over, hanging down in my face. My hands were pushing it away as I rose to kiss her, and she was coming down to kiss me, too. 
“Are you okay?” She asked me, “You look so tired.”
“You look so not tired. What have you been doing while they’ve been keeping you prisoner? Catching up on your beauty sleep?”
“I’ve been bathing in the blood of our enemies! It keeps my skin looking young and fresh.”
“You know, if you were being serious right now, that might have been the most terrifying and erotic thing you have ever said to me. Like, I am simultaneously repulsed and turned on.”
“Oh, okay.” She said, and she kissed me again, “Then I was being serious.”
“Stop.” I groaned, because for some reason, it really was turning me on. “You know who you remind me of right now? You remember when we read The Things They Carried? You remind me of Mary Anne!”
If you have not read Tim O’Brien’s most well-known book (and God, I sound like freaking Brynna when I say that—her ways of speaking are contagious), then you don’t get this reference, but suffice it to say, Mary Anne went into her visitation at a base camp in Vietnam as a sheltered suburbanite and never came out of it. But she wasn’t killed; that would be boring, and if I had said that Alice reminded me of her when the character had died, that would have been insulting. No, spoiler alert, Mary Anne joined up with the Green Berets and became a badass motherfucker, to put it lightly, albeit a totally crazy one. And, you know, it was debatable whether she truly existed. But my badass Mary Anne did exist, and believe me, her badassery was a turn-on. 
“I’m not wearing any human tongues around my neck,” She said, “But if it will further this weird sexual fantasy of yours, I’ll go collect some right now, because we’re getting out of here!”
“What?”
“Come on!” She told me, and she took my hand and pulled me out of the cell into the darkened corridor that led to the stairs. Don followed behind us, and when I looked back, I saw the light reflecting brighter in his huge eyes the closer we got to the slight glow outlining the door. 
“Allie, shouldn’t we…” I started to say, but she threw open the door without a care for who might be standing on the other side of it, and what those people on the other side of it might have been packing. When I ascended the stairs quickly to follow her, I saw why she was not worried: there were sixteen bodies that I could see, but my heightened sense of smell told me that there were more. Maybe they were buried under their fallen comrades, or maybe she had thrown them into some corners of the hallway that were not illuminated by the torchlight. Blood made the floor slick, and Don and I slipped and slid, using the walls to keep ourselves on our feet, while Alice walked through the river of blood gracefully, without the slightest stumble. 
“Babe…” I started, but I didn’t know exactly what it was that I could say. My mind traveled back to when I had found her ripping into that Old Spirit man, back before we knew that’s what they were called, when we just called them “the natives.” I remembered how ignorant I had been before, how I had not even taken a life yet, and I realized in that moment, I never could have foreseen the road that we eventually went down. I never could have foreseen us ending up in that place, wherever we were. There was so much that neither Alice nor I nor Don nor anyone except for maybe Brynna could have predicted, but when I recalled that fight, I recalled my own unwillingness to change, to adapt to the new rules that came with our new lives. It was adapt or die, kill or be killed. I hadn’t been ready to accept that, and I had killed people since then. I had become drunk on the high that follows a kill, I had talked myself through the taking of a living being’s life by saying that it was in self-defense (and it always was), but I still didn’t know if I could have done what Alice did. There were bodies piled on top of bodies, and in the torch-light, I saw for the first time the blood that was covering her clothes, how it was mixed into her blonde hair, darkening it to red, but as I watched her glide so easily through those dead men, and through their river of blood, I didn’t feel angry, as I had that day after Brynna, James, and I had found her ripping that Old Spirit man apart. I didn’t feel emasculated. I was in awe of her. In complete and utter awe.
“How did you do it?” I asked as we took a step up out of that blood river onto the next set of steps.
“The same way we’ve always done it, Quinn. I knew that I had to find you, because I knew that we were both in danger, so I switched over.”
Now, she eased the door at the top of the stairs open and peeked around. Then, she slunk out, treading carefully. Don and I followed suit, because now we were all switching over, our hearing and sight suddenly enhancing as new threats became known first to our instincts and then to our eyes and ears. Alice pressed her back to the wall just at the corner and closed her eyes. She inhaled deeply, and I watched her, totally entranced. 
“You are so Mary-Anne right now!”
She beamed brightly and laughed soundlessly, but then she grasped my hand and shushed me.
“I’m in the zone, baby. There are six of them.” 
Before I could agree, a voice up the hall replied:
“Six of us? How did you know that?” This man, his voice thick with a Pangaean accent, asked.
Don, coward that he was, immediately tried to run for the door that lead back to where we had come from. I think he would have locked himself back in our cell if it would have kept them from hurting him for trying to escape. But Alice and I were together again, and something told me that her insistence to find us hadn’t just been motivated by her need to make sure I was still alive. I remembered Caspar telling me that she was eligible for a high marriage because she was still a virgin, and when I looked at Alice, I could sense fear in her heart, and it was not just the fear that we would not escape from there, or that they would separate us again, it was something darker, something she was pushing down deep. Though I could feel it in her heart, there was not a hint of it showing in her eyes. She looked at me for a second, and then she walked out from behind the wall.
“Alright, Alice.” The same Pangaean guard said, “You’ve had your fun. Let’s go back to your room now.”
“Why?” She asked, and I could hear only the slightest tremor in her voice. But it was not fear. It was rage.
“Because you have a big day tomorrow.”
So that’s what it was. Caspar had not been bluffing about her marriage. He hadn’t told me that it was happening soon, let alone that it was happening the following day. No wonder she had chosen that night to try to escape. If I knew Alice, I knew that she would rather die trying to break out of there with me than live and be forced to marry some Old Spirit man she didn’t know and who would more than likely be a sick, cherry-picking (as my Dad would say) old man. 
One of them was walking towards her, but the man who had spoken first was stopping him by saying, “No, no! Do not strike her. That is her new husband’s job. Fetch him now.”
“Who is your new husband, babe?” I asked, and I came around the wall.
“Oh, you know…” She said, “Some fifty-five-year old ‘nobleman,’ formerly of Earth, with a pencil dick that I’m surprised he can get off the ground, if you know what I mean, and you should.”
“Oh, Mr. Wesley, you are out, too.” The Pangaean man told me, “You all can kill him. He is of no use to us.”
“And your boys downstairs were of no use to you. Why don’t you go see what she did to them?” I asked, and my eyes turned red first before slipping over to white, “Then you’ll know what you’re going to look like when your boys come looking for you.”
There really wasn’t a more badass note that I could think of to start the fight, so we attacked.
Alice rushed forward, jumped onto one of the men, and clawed him on both sides of his face twice with both hands. Then, she threw her head down so she could bite into his neck with enough force to reach the bone. I killed the first guy I reached just by ripping out his jugular with one hand, and his carotid artery in my palm was still pulsing, spraying me with blood. Two other men rounded on me, reaching for their guns, but I managed to grab them both by their heads, spin them around, and slam them into the wall side by side, so that they were facing each other and so one man could watch the other man’s head flatten as I bludgeoned him against the concrete wall. When they were both dead, I spun around to see that the man who had spoken was pulling Alice backwards, one hand around her neck, constricting her breathing, and the other wrapped in her blood-soaked hair. With the air she managed to draw in, she was gasping, and even though we were nowhere near the outside, a strong wind began to blow, because she was afraid, and her power was going to wreak havoc in order to save her. A whirlwind was beginning to spin into a funnel-shaped cloud, and it was blocking my way to her. But even through that small tornado, through the blood and dust and dirt and sparks from the torches that were whirling within it, I could see her lips beginning to turn blue, her eyes slipping back into their normal brown, and my body reacted. Lunging forward, I dove into the whirling tornado and was thrown with a surprising amount of force around in a loop. But luckily, my power joined with hers, and I was able to control that strong, whirling wind so that it pushed me outwards into the man, knocking both him and Alice to the ground, with her crushed beneath his sizeable weight, unfortunately, but still, he was no longer strangling her. I grabbed him by his ponytail, pulled him off of her, and kicked him in the ribs. I gasped and fell to the ground; kicking the concrete wall would have hurt less than kicking him. Alice was up onto her feet, and when he tried to rise onto his (because my kick, despite it being hard, had done nothing to hurt him let alone hinder him), she spun around, kicked backwards, and nailed him perfectly in the face so that he stumbled backwards and fell onto his ass. She was facing him now, and when she kicked high into the air, her foot made hard contact with his face, right under his chin, making his head jerk backwards to hit his shoulders, and when her high kick came down, she connected with the back of his head, throwing him forward so that he slammed into the concrete floor. With that foot, she pressed into the back of his neck until a crack sounded, and I looked at her, my eyes and mouth opened wide, because she had just killed a six foot seven Pangaean Herculian pretty much single-handedly.
Don slunk out from behind the wall and stood beside us as we caught our breath. Her hand reached over and took mine. My fingers tightened around her small, slender hand, but we continued to look forward at the men we had just killed.
“Well…” Don started to say.
But at the same moment, Alice and I turned and threw ourselves together abruptly, and began to kiss so passionately and with so little thought as to where we were, what was happening, and who we were with that Don tried three times to say whatever it was that he had wanted to say and stopped three times, dejected, maybe because we obviously weren’t listening, or maybe because he didn’t have some blonde woman there he could hold against the wall and kiss (low blow, sorry not sorry) while we were kissing. 
“Come on.” I told her, and paying him no mind, we stormed up the steps and reached the first populated floor of the bunker. It was a large open room, freezing cold, with doors spaced out along the walls from one end of the massive space to the other on both sides. I had no idea where those rooms went, and I didn’t care, because the door at the far end of the room was the exit, no doubt. But those many doors showed that the bunker was vast, that there was so much more to it than just the deeper levels containing the cells from which we had just escaped and this huge, cold, open space in which we were currently standing. 
“It’s too easy.” Don said, “They must know that we’re trying to escape, and they’re waiting for us on the other side of the door. Or maybe they’re waiting in these other rooms, or these corridors, whatever is behind those doors. They have guns.”
“So, what should we do?” Alice sniped at him, “Should we just go back to our cells and call it a night? Let me be given as a prize to some noble Old Spirit supporter who is going to…” She stopped, because she couldn’t say it. She couldn’t even think it. For the first time since she had rescued me, I saw her battle-hardened exterior falter. It was for just one second that her eyes glassed over with tears, which she quickly swiped away, and her body tensed, not in preparation for another fight, but because of the petrifying fear she rightfully felt at the thought of being handed over to another man. 
“And by the way, Donald, you’re welcome.” She snapped, and the moment of weakness, for lack of a better phrase, dissolved, and she was just as strong as she ever had been. “You’re riding our coattails to freedom, so you’re welcome.”
“I’ll thank you once we’re out of here.”
“You should thank us right now!” She snapped, “You’d still be locked down in that cell, counting down the hours until your execution, which, by the way, was scheduled for midday tomorrow. Public flaying and then left to the elements. They have these black crows that follow them. Symbolic, right? Wrong! Crows aren’t evil creatures, they just go where the food is, and they only eat the dead, so of course they follow the Old Spirits. The ‘elements’ that you’ll be left to are the crows. Did you know that every person who has ever been flayed alive and ‘left to the elements’ is eaten by crows within the first day? They say the birds go for the eyes first, and the person only stops screaming once the birds peck their tongues out.”
Don was shrunk back, his comically huge, comically blue eyes widened to their farthest reaches. I wanted to laugh, but the thought of what she was describing was so horrible that I couldn’t. I was picturing it, being tied with my hands over my head to a post, whipped until all of my skin was gone, and then left to be pecked to death by crows. It was so brutal that it was worthy of a place in Ancient Greek literature; in fact, I remembered something about someone being pecked to death by crows in Tantalus for all eternity. I couldn’t remember my Multicultural Literature class that I had taken in high school, though, so I couldn’t remember exactly who it was or why he was there. Whoever he was, I doubt he deserved that. 
“They were going to put you out easily, they said.” Alice told me, and her voice lost all of its edge, all of its harshness. Her eyes were their normal blue when they met mine, and once again, they were full of tears. “They were going to shoot you. ‘Like they did to your dear friend, James,’ Paul said, ‘Right in the back of the head.’ You know he’s gone, don’t you? James is gone, Quinn.”
“I know. I know, baby.” I told her softly, and I squeezed her hand, “We’ll talk about him when we leave here. We’ll grieve for him as much as we need to grieve, and I know it will be a lot. But first we have to get out of here. Right?”
She nodded, and together with Don, we crossed that open space to reach the door. No one ran out to stop us there, and the door led to a spiral staircase that rose up so high, I could not see where it ended. If I squinted really hard up into the dark, I could just see a very faint outline of light, and it was not the light of torches, it was the light of day. There would definitely be guards right out front, but I was not worried about them overpowering us. I hoped that they would be there, because they would have guns and knives and other weapons. They would have enough for us to take so that we could make our way into the woods. I didn’t want to think for too long about where we were going to go, or how long we could possibly last in the depths of Shadow Forest, where there were Shadows and trebestia and Old Spirits around every turn, among other things. 
Once again, we were faced with that awful uncertainty that could only be felt to its full, terrifying extent there on Pangaea, on that endless sprawl of land the size of four Earths combined, with its unknown creatures, its unknown natural threats, and its war that raged in every corner, far and wide. 
“I have a plan, Quinn.” She told me softly, and with her face angled upwards towards that faint glimmer of light, she took my hand, placed her foot on the step, and led Don and me on our ascent into the darkness, towards the promise of light. 
***
The guards were formerly of Earth, and they were nothing compared to us. It was newly morning, and they were exhausted from having kept watch over the entrance to the bunker all night. One proclaimed, in a thick Southern accent that is pretty much the stereotype for religious zealots like the Old Spirits, that he renounced Satan, and we would be struck down by Gawd! Alice just whacked him over the head and took his gun, before looking at me with a puzzled expression on her face.
“You know, the Old Spirits don’t believe in my version of God.”
Don pocketed a knife and two handguns, and Alice slung an assault rifle, a bow, and a quiver of arrows over her shoulder, and hung a long machete from her belt, while I took the assault rifle with the scope and a bowie knife. We also took their water canteens, which were full, thank God, and their small backpack of snacks, which I carried on my back.
“Of course they don’t believe in your version of God, baby.” I said as we clasped hands and continued to walk ahead of Don, who was walking along slowly in our wake, muttering to himself about how he hated trees, animals, dirt, rain, humidity, and Pangaea, but not really on the last one…
“If you believed in what they believe, you’d be insufferable.”
“You wouldn’t date me if I wanted to become an Old Spirit?”
I looked at her, and she was smiling, the sunlight reflecting brightly back at me in her eyes and off of the few pieces of blonde hair it could find among all the bloody pieces. Even like that, she was so beautiful, and I was still so pumped up from the adrenaline that I had needed to fight, and the excitement I felt at being free, and the euphoria I felt at feeling that warm sunshine and smelling that beautiful, crisp Pangaean air.
“Nah.” I said, “Well, maybe. You’re cute. I don’t know if I could resist.”
She giggled, and behind us, I heard Don sigh heavily in irritation.
“Shut up.” We both snapped at him simultaneously.
Throughout the day, we alternated between running for long stretches and walking quickly for longer stretches. The three of us were determined to get as far away as possible, but the more space we put between us and the bunker, the more we couldn’t stop asking ourselves, who had we left behind? What were we leaving them behind to face? Were Violet and Nick back there? Was Penny? Brynna was on the Lapsarian, James was gone, and Adam and Janna were God knew where, but what did we care about them? Quietly, we talked, both of us trying to speak the words of comfort that would soothe both of our minds. Violet was strong, and she and Nick would find their way out of there. Penny was more than likely with them. Brynna was the strongest of us all, and despite the fact that she had lost James, she would survive until we could find her.
“God, James is gone, Quinn.” She whispered to me as we laid, cuddled together to protect each other from the cold Pangaean night. We were in a clearing where when we looked up, we could see the stars and the huge, watchful moon. We were facing each other, bathed in the cold light of that moon, and tears were falling from her eyes into the dirt, causing a puddle to begin forming between us. I kissed her quickly and wiped her tears away, feeling my own throat clench and tears rush into my eyes, too.
“How can he be gone?” She asked me softly, and I pulled her closer to me so I could hold her tightly and rub her back. “He’s been here pretty much every day since we got here. I can’t imagine him not being here anymore.”
“I know, baby.”
“They loved each other so much. Do you remember how they used to be wrapped around each other all the time? Whenever they thought we weren’t looking, they were kissing, or she was touching his face, or he was pushing her hair back. And God, how many times did we walk in on them making out in the kitchen, or just holding each other? I always thought, ‘That’s how I want Quinn and me to be. I want us to be like that when we’re older,’ because even though Brynn is only a few years older than us, she seems so much older, you know? I wanted us to be just like them.”
“Yeah.” I said, and because she couldn’t see me, I allowed a tear to fall from each of my eyes. I tried to sniffle discreetly, and I don’t think that she heard me. “I did, too. Now that you mention it, I remember thinking the same thing. They were so happy.”
“I just wish we were with her right now.”
“She wouldn’t show any of it to us. She would only be trying to get us through it.”
“God, I know. Brynnie… Poor Brynnie. She’d hate it if she knew how bad I feel for her. But God, I feel bad for her. I can’t imagine if I lost you, and he was everything to her.” She pulled away from me, “Not that you’re not everything to me, but he was the first stable person she ever had in her life, and he was the first man who ever treated her right…”
“I know what you mean, baby.” I kissed her forehead, “Don’t worry about it. I know exactly what you mean. Look at how much she changed over the past two years. She loved him, and it made her nicer. It made her kinder, you know? She was so happy. And James… We all know he was better because of her. He had his flaws, and he was still one of the greatest guys I’ve ever known. Besides my dad, I think he might have been the greatest guy I ever knew. And they killed him.”
“Yeah.” Alice sat up, and I watched in the light of the moon as red began to swirl into her eyes. “Those motherfuckers!” She spat, and in her heart, I felt the sudden rise of her fury, and it instantly provoked me to feel it, too. “How could they hurt him? He was so kind; he would have done anything for us. We were his family, and he loved us so much. He was like our dad here, Quinn.”
“I know. The worst thing is, how many people’s dads have they killed? How many people’s boyfriends or husbands have they killed? We’re not special, and neither is Brynn. I hate that I always think about the bigger meaning of these things, when I just want to look at this as the worst thing that has ever happened, and that it’s unique to us, but it’s not. I also hate that every time they hit us, and we survive it by the skin of our teeth, I can’t help but wonder how anyone can be so evil, and how we can be so stupid to let them keep living?”
“Baby, I think all the same things.” She told me, and she reached over and took my hand. “So we’re going to take control of it now. We’re going to change all of that. Remember when Brynn was missing, and I said that we were going to do something to stop them? Well, now is our chance. The Red Anarchy is done.”
“Don’t say that.”
“What, The Red Anarchy? I thought you liked that name.”
“No, not the name. Don’t count us out yet. We don’t know how many people actually escaped.”
“Everyone who escaped the village went to the bunker.”
“Well the people who didn’t escape might have caused an uprising.” I reasoned, “They might have taken the village back, or at the very least, they might have taken off into the woods.”
“Or they’re all dead, Quinn. But look, James told me that there are other places on Pangaea that are on Adam’s side. He named this place called Del Mar. Obviously, it’s by the sea. If Brynnie is on the Lapsarian, then we need to go there. We need to get as close to the sea as we can.”
“Allie, this planet is huge. It’s bigger than four of Earth. We don’t know where this place is or how to get there, and God knows that the Great and Powerful Douche back there probably doesn’t know…”
“I actually do know the way to Del Mar.” Don called to us, “Yeah. I’m not sleeping, and I have enhanced hearing. I heard you.” He turned on his side so he could talk to us, “Del Mar is sympathetic to Adam, but considering that Adam is God knows where, who knows how they’ll receive us? There are plenty of cities here on Purissimus, big ones and small ones, and regardless of which way we went, we would be traveling through all kinds of natural hells, from tundras to deserts to caves. It’s a long, long road to Del Mar, and it is a dangerous one. If you think the Old Spirits are dangerous, and if you thought we were dangerous, you don’t even want to know about the Unallied.”
“The who?” Alice and I asked, with equal skepticism and impatience.
“The Unallied. The ones who aren’t joined with either Adam or Tyre. They’re all along the way from here to Del Mar. In fact, they might have taken over most of the places between here and there, for all we know. You think it would be bad if we encountered the Old Spirits on the way? At least they all have to answer to someone. The Unallied don’t answer to anyone, and they travel in packs. They steal from and kill anyone who isn’t in one of their packs.”
“So what do you suggest, Don? That we stay in Shadow Forest and wait for the trebestia or Shadows or Reapers or starvation to kill us? We have to do something!” Alice exclaimed, “We have to start trying to get people together to hit the Old Spirits back. Our people are out there. They have to be!”
“Or they’re all captured back in the village or in the bunker.” Don said, “That bunker is huge, who knows how many of our people they have there? They’re as good as dead, or they’re as good as enslaved, as good as brainwashed. There’s nothing we can do. You’re right, Alice: the Red Anarchy is dead.”
“No!” She exclaimed, “I did say that, but you will not say that! They are your people, Don! Yours and Brynna’s and Adam’s and Janna’s! God only knows where Adam and Janna are, or even if they’re still alive, but Brynna is out there, and she is being kept away from us, but you can bet your ass that if your places were reversed, she would be fighting tooth and nail to get our people out of harm’s way. She wouldn’t be whining about some road gangs, and going from tundras to caves to freaking volcanos or whatever the hell you’re whining about! She wouldn’t care about the danger! She would be trying to gather together a resistance to save our people! And what are you doing? You’re sniveling on the ground like a little bitch, trying to save your own skin! What kind of a leader are you?! What were you ever doing trying to lead us?!”
“I am the kind of leader who stays alive!” He shouted, and he rose onto his feet and stormed towards us. Alice stood, too, her fangs out, her eyes blazing, “And she is the kind of leader who is eventually shot in the back of the head, or flayed alive, or hanged in front of all her people! Or left to the elements to be pecked apart by crows! She is the kind of leader who is killed, because she stupidly puts herself in harm’s way for the sake of some stupid suicide sacrifice mission! It’s noble, I grant you! But if one measures the stupidity or sanity of choices by whether or not you’ll stay alive, which, mind you, is the only measure of stupidity or sanity that matters, then her choice is stupid, and she wouldn’t last three days out here. I am going to survive. I am going to pull us out of this. I just need time to figure out how. I need time to let the dust settle, to wait for them to drop their guard, and then, I will do what I can.”
“And what are you going to do until then?” I snapped, “Sit on your ass and hope they don’t slaughter every man, woman, and child you were responsible for?”
“I am going to sit and… and… plan.”
It happened so quickly that I actually gasped out loud, but Alice brought back her fist and punched him so hard in the face that he stumbled at least fifteen steps backwards, tripped over a fallen log, and collapsed onto the ground. 
“You will never call yourself our leader ever again!” She screamed, and I had never seen her so enraged. Tears were pouring from her eyes, but they were tears of absolute fury, I thought. But when she continued, I knew that while she was certainly furious beyond anything she had felt for a long, long time, if not ever, she was also so sad and so frustrated by how unfair it all was. She was storming towards him, and I was holding her back, but she was pulling me along with her as she charged him. 
“You will never stand above us again and say you are in charge, do you understand me?! You are free, and she is locked away, and the love of her life is dead, and she would still be fighting! She would still be trying to save our people! She is worth fifty of you! One hundred of you! You son of a bitch! You ran away! You tried to escape! You left your people to suffer!”
He was on his feet, and she threw my arm aside so she could shove him hard in the chest.
“She would be fighting for them, and you are out here cowering in the woods, trying to save your own life! You don’t care about them! You will never be our leader again. Everyone will know what you have done, you coward! You son of a bitch!” 
If her punch had happened suddenly, his sudden siege of the ground beneath us was even more abrupt. Beneath our feet, the ground rattled and split, and we dove out of the way as the two sides of the cracked earth began to rise sharply. 
“Enough!” He shouted at her, and just as quickly, he shut down the earthquake he had made before he ripped the forest apart. He stormed towards her, grabbed her arms, and pulled her onto her feet. Her expression of rage did not dissolve into one of fear; instead the red of her eyes deepened and she roared at him, causing the sleeping birds in the trees above us to take flight. Her roar choked off midway through, though, because his hand grasped her throat. 
I was the one roaring now, ready to rip off his head for even grabbing her arms, let alone her throat. But he reached back with one hand and sent a whirlwind of air in my direction that was so forceful, I was picked up off of my feet and slammed into a tree.
“I will always be your leader.” He hissed in her face, “They will always revere me, because I am so powerful, and because I saved them from Mary and Richard Bachum three years ago. I led them onto the right side of the Almighty Split. I might as well have parted the sea. I might as well have raised the dead, healed the sick, and turned water into wine, because I saved them. They would have died under Daniel Olivier’s rule if I hadn’t led them to safety, or they would have been publicly executed by Tyre. I gave them their lives, and they will never forget that, and if they try to forget it, all I have to do is show them just how powerful my gift is, how easily I can tear this world apart, and they will drop to their knees and worship me. So shut your ignorant mouth and go to bed, little girl.”
He dropped his hold on her, and she began to follow him, but I sent a whirlwind of air in her direction now to hold her back until I could reach her.
“Leave him.” I whispered, “We’ll get him later. We’ll get him, I promise.” I kissed her forehead, “Just leave him for now.”
“You can try!” Don shot at us, “Enhanced hearing, you moronic children! I can hear you two plotting, and let me just tell you that…”
A rustling in the bushes cut him off, and simultaneously, our heads turned in the direction of the movement and the sound, and our eyes changed over from red to white. Alice and I walked forward to stand beside him, because though we were currently in a fight with him, and I had just threatened his life by saying that we would wait and then try to kill him, we had to band together against the external threats. Internal disputes could wait. 
Alice smelled the air deeply.
“People from the Old Spirit camp.” She proclaimed, “They’ve always been Old Spirits. They’re not us. They were never with us. But they’re injured and sick. Really sick.”
In a blur, she was gone.
“Allie!” I exclaimed, and in a blur of my own, I took off after her. We both stopped simultaneously when we found the source of the noise: A man, barely standing upright, was walking a woman along with great difficulty. Her face was barely recognizable because of the bruises, swelling, and cuts. Her bone-thin arm was around his neck, and he was holding onto it with one hand. His other arm was wrapped around her middle, and I almost shuddered visibly when I saw that her waist was so emaciated that my fingers would come within six inches of touching if I wrapped my hands around it. He was sweating barely, even though he was breathing heavily, and despite the fact that he was obviously so exhausted, and so sick, his piercing blue eyes were wide and alert, looking in between the three of us, making it clear that he would strike out at us if we tried to come towards them.
“It’s alright.” Alice said softly, “Sir, it’s okay. We’re not Old Spirits. We’re formerly Red Anarchy.”
“You’re Unallied now.”
“No.” Don said emphatically, “We are still loyal to King Adam, the one and only King of Purissimus.”
“My wife needs water.” He said, “Do you have water?”
“We were camped near a stream.” Alice offered gently, “We can take you there.”
“Back that way?” He gestured with his head back the way we had come.
“Yes.”
“Too close to the bunker.”
“We’re miles from the bunker.” Don said.
“I need to get her out of these woods.” The man said, “Away from them. There are inns along the road. I don’t have money, but I can work. Once I sleep, and once I eat something, I can work. I just need to get her someplace safe. Someplace where I can put her in a warm bed, and get her food and water...”
“Okay.” Alice said, and she nodded reassuringly, “You’re right.”
“They’re not going to let you work for a room.” Don said, “If you’re lucky enough to stumble into an Inn that’s kind to Old Spirits, she’s going to be your payment.”
“Don!” I hissed at him furiously, but I was not nearly as furious as the man, who had suddenly pulled a knife from his belt and walked forward. Despite his exhaustion, he had found some pocket of remaining strength to lift his wife with one arm and carry her with him as she rushed towards Don.
“You shut your fucking mouth.” He spat, holding the knife in Don’s face, “Shut the fuck up right now, do you hear me? No one is going to touch her!”
His wife moaned softly, and he pocketed the knife so he could try to lift her body so it was cradled in his arms, but both of his arms began to tremble violently, and he was forced to put her back down. He bent down, pressed his shoulder lightly into her stomach to lift her that way, over his shoulder, but when she gave a loud wail of pain and weakly moaned his name, which was John, he exhaled deeply, his heart screaming how much he hated himself for being unable to keep going, how he hated his body for breaking down, how helpless he felt, how much he loved her… 
“John.” Alice said softly, and she reached out quickly to gently grasp his wrist when he went to grab his knife again, “John, my name is Alice. This is my boyfriend, Quinn. This is our totally awful leader, Don.”
Don rolled his eyes but said nothing.
“What’s your wife’s name?” Alice asked.
He didn’t answer but instead looked between the three of us suspiciously, with murder in his eyes. He would kill any one of us if we tried to hurt either one of them but her, especially. 
“Alright.” Alice said, “It’s alright, John. I know that if we go back this way, we’re closer to the bunker, but believe me, John, we’re still really, really far away, and they’re after us, too, okay? So we’re just as invested in keeping away from there as you are. We’re watching out for any signs of them, too, because we don’t want to be brought back there after we’ve come so far. Now, listen… We have some food back at our camp, and we just refilled our water bottles in the stream. Come with us, and we’ll keep watch while you eat, drink some water, and rest, okay? You can trust us, John. We’re running from them, too.”
“Allie…” I started to say.
“No, Quinn!” She snapped, “They’re fine. They’re like us. They’re running away, just like us.”
His eyes, though alert, were unhinged, ablaze with murderous rage. He would hack us all to pieces with that knife if he perceived even the slightest threat from us. He was animal, one hundred percent. They had only just escaped, but his wife was so terribly injured, and if they were captured again, it would only take one more beating before they killed her. I pictured me in his position, carrying Alice along, knowing she was so sick, and in so much pain. A shudder did pass through me, because I knew that I would be just as animalistic. I would protect her just as savagely.
“John…” Alice moved her hand from his wrist to his hand, “You can trust us. I promise.”
It took him several seconds, because he was looking at his wife, whose breathing was labored now, coming in and out in deep, slow breaths that seemed to hurt her terribly, but he nodded and allowed Alice to lead him back to our clearing. 
Once there, he kneeled in the dirt, cradling his wife’s frail body to his chest now, tilting her head back so he could very carefully pour water into her mouth. Alice was in front of them, pouring some water onto a handkerchief we had found in one of the backpacks. Very gently, and only after looking up at John to make sure that it was alright, she pressed the handkerchief soaked through with that cold river water to the side of his wife’s face that was most swollen, and she gave an audible sigh of relief. Alice smiled, and John actually laughed softly and looked up at her. 
“She likes that.” He whispered to Alice gratefully, “She’s been in so much pain. She can’t sleep, because she hurts so much.”
“I can fix that. My best friend worked in Medical, under the best doctor on all of Pangaea. I can help her. Okay?”
He nodded and looked up at her, smiling very slightly now. Alice looked up at him, smiling, too.
“That’s a leader, Don.” I said, because suddenly, I realized that potential in her, and suddenly, I was kicking myself for never having realized it before. “Why don’t you take some notes?”
“Where were you from on Earth, John?” She asked him softly.
“Indianapolis.” 
“Was she from Indianapolis, too?”
“No. She was from Washington.” 
“State or D.C?”
“D.C. I forgot that you had to specify. Been a long time.”
“Yeah.” She said with a laugh, “How long have you two been married?”
“Not long. We just did it here. But we’ve been together for a long time. Since long before we came here. Almost twenty-five years on Earth.” 
“Wow.” She said, and she laughed softly, “That’s impressive.”
“It definitely didn’t impress them. We were ‘too passionate.’ They passed her around. They hurt her. Relentlessly.” He pulled his wife to him and kissed her forehead, and she whispered his name. “I’m here, sweetheart. I’m right here.” 
“The Elixir is just starting to bloom, and if there is water, there generally is a bush of it nearby. Do you know Elixir?” She asked him, and he shook his head. 
“If I can find enough, I can heal her completely. It heals internal and external injuries flawlessly. Even if I find a little bit, it will help. Can I go find some for her?”
He nodded.
“You’ll let me give it to her?”
He nodded, and when he spoke next, he whispered so softly that I could barely hear him.
“Your heart… is so pure, Alice. It is so kind. We’re not supposed to let ourselves see into other people’s hearts, but I can see into yours. I can see that you only want to help us. So, yes, I will let you give her whatever you think will help.” 
“Alright. I’ll go find some Elixir, and we’ll get your wife patched up in no time, okay?” Alice said, and she went to stand up, but he grasped her hand.
“Lara.” He said softly, “Her name is Lara. Lara Olivier.” 

Violet
Before I knew Adam, before I had gotten used to his piercing, freakishly green gaze, I would shrivel under it, especially when he was not just gazing, but when he was smiling that tiny fraction of a smile, that smile that showed there was something devious within him. How could I not shrivel when I was faced with his power, his arrogance, and the wickedness that lay just beneath the surface of it all? But I had seen his love for my sister soften him, and I had known, before their violent falling out, that he would have protected me just as violently as he would have protected her. 
But when I stood in front of Caspar, staring into his gaze that was identical to his father’s, I felt an identical sense of discomfort, like he was staring straight through my eyes into my heart and mind. I could feel the split; as his gaze came in, it jerked painfully upwards to my brain and painfully down to my heart, traveling quickly until it detonated upon its two separate targets. But I forced myself to stand up tall, to look back into his eyes without the slightest faltering. If I showed that I was nervous, he would know why I was there. He would be able to discern that my sole reason for wanting to speak to him was because I wanted to escape. 
“So, you want to escape?” He asked, and that fraction of a smile that was also identical to his father’s widened. 
Either I was not standing as confidently as I had thought I was, or he really was better at reading hearts and minds than Athenes and Ares combined.
“No.” I said.
“Don’t lie to me, Violet. It is embarrassing for you. Besides, maybe I want to help.”
“You don’t.”
“I do. This is no place for you or your new best friend, Lucy. Now Lucy’s daughter, on the other hand… She is mine. She was given to me.”
My stomach plummeted, and as I looked at him, I wondered how I ever could have trusted him, how I ever could have allowed myself to tell him all the things I had told him. I had weakened myself by being so honest with him, and I had weakened Brynna. Granted, he had weakened his father by showing how devoted he was to Brynna, but Caspar knew all of our secrets. I didn’t know half of his or half of his mother and father’s. 
But really, was there a secret more dangerous to Adam than the depth of his devotion to my sister? It didn’t matter, because Caspar had betrayed his father and joined the other side, and I was still technically on Adam’s side, so it didn’t matter to me what weakened Adam. I needed to know Caspar’s weaknesses, and besides his tense relationship with his father, I knew none of them, and what good was knowing about his tense relationship with Adam now that he had joined the other side? He had beaten him.
“Where are your parents?” I asked him, because I did not want to know too much about his new marriage to Dr. Miletus’s daughter. She was my age, and though I had briefly entertained the idea of a relationship with him, Illa Miletus was nothing like me. She was so quiet and meek, and I could not imagine what cruelty he would be able to inflict upon her without her being able to do or say anything about it. As far as I knew, she had never had a boyfriend, and now she was married to Caspar, who hated her mother and would take that hatred out on her in any way he could.
“Oh, King Adam and Queen Janna are with your sister, Violet.” He answered me, “And shall I pass along your congratulations to the happy couples? Queen Janna is no longer Queen; she is merely the widow of James Maxwell, a lowly commoner whose punishment was so brutal that it deserves a place amongst the Old Spirit legends. As for your sister, if my father still had his royal standing, it would be said that as of several nights ago, the reign of King Adam and Queen Brynna began.”
They had no royal standing under the Old Spirit rule, but God, hearing that gave me pause. I couldn’t believe that my sister was married to Adam, a man who despised her and whom she was growing steadily to hate, and that she was married to him when James had only just died, and that Janna had been married off to James before. It was all so messed up, so cruel. But hearing that my sister was Queen… I couldn’t quite discern how that made me feel.
“So, congratulations, if your bastardized family were standing, you would be a ‘princess,’ and isn’t that what you Earthean American girls always wanted? The glass slipper? The ball that ends at midnight? True love’s first kiss?”
“You seem to know quite a bit about what princesses want, Caspar.” I said, “So they tortured your mother?”
“They did. Something my father should have done. It would have kept her in line. And just think: if he had kept her in line, she never would have slithered between James Maxwell’s legs, and then, your darling sister never would have had her heart broken by him. Of course, if your sister were not such an icy bitch, he never would have sought out my mother.”
“First of all, he didn’t seek out your mother, she sought him out, because she was on the war-path after your father showed just how badly he wanted Brynna. She also screwed my brother. Did you know that?” 
He didn’t say anything.
“You love her, Caspar. How can you talk about what they did to her like that?”
“Because I just do not care. She allowed my father to exile me from their lives for so long. Whenever he deigned to come to the Village, I was immediately put out with the dogs, because he could not stand to see me. When I was a small boy, I was hidden away from him, because he could not stand the sight of his first-born son. Once Idan was born, he truly had no purpose for me. He had a successor to his thrown, if ever he were killed. And he will be killed. I promise you, Violet Olivier, that my face will be the last that my father sees. I will drive a poisoned blade just beside his heart, so that he does not die quickly but so that he feels the awful pain. And that agony will persist as the poison courses through him. I will sit beside him, and perhaps I will have the antidote just within his reach, but I will sit beside him and watch him die. My hatred of that man is resounding, and he will know it.”
How could I possibly be pitying him? Maybe it was because he was no longer looking at me. Maybe it was because I could hear, very, very slightly, the emotion in his voice. Maybe it was because every time I heard him speak about his father’s rejection of him, I thought of my own father. Caspar had done terrible things to Dr. Miletus, he had talked me into doing terrible things to her, he had joined up with the Old Spirits, he had betrayed us all, and I was pitying him! 
“But your mother loves you, Caspar.” I reasoned, “She was so proud of you. Don’t you remember that? I saw it, whenever we went by your house. She lit up at the sight of you. How can you talk about her like this? How can you know what they did to her and not want to kill them for it?”
He was silent.
“Caspar… If you help me get out of here, I will do everything I can to find her. I will find the Lapsarian, and I will get her back. Okay?”
“I could get her back tomorrow if I commanded it. They do what I say, and I could…”
“But you can’t. You can’t show any loyalty to her, not when she is so enmeshed in their master plan to make Adam miserable. But I can find her. I can take her from them so they can’t hurt her anymore. All you have to do is help me. I need your help.”
“So, what? I set you, Lucy, Lucy’s crazed wife, and my untouched Illa free, and then the four of you hunt down the Lapsarian, which, just so you are totally aware, stays far out at sea except when refueling. Our seas are vast, Violet. Unless you knew the exact location, you would never be able to find it. So, once you magically find the ship, the four of you will launch a full scale assault against the six hundred heavily armed guards and the warden, who is the most celebrated warlord to ever live, who is known as much for his brutality and shrewdness as he is for his piousness. All of this while evading being recaptured, and with a screaming infant stuck to Lucy’s wife’s breast? Forgive me, but I find my faith in your plan slightly lacking. Forgive me, but I do not know if I can see you off on this suicide mission and still be able to sleep at night. My mother is not worth your life.”
“You don’t mean that, and you know it. I know it.”
He rose onto his feet, his eyes blazing.
“Do not tell me what I do and do not mean, Violet Olivier! You know nothing of what I feel. You think that your disgusting father joining up with these morons and trying to kill you after you chose to defy them makes him worthy of your ire? You know nothing of my hatred for my father, and you know nothing of my hatred for my mother, who allowed him to exile me when I was too small to understand why, who allowed him to send me off into warzones where he prayed that I would be killed, all because I possess a power that terrifies him, that he cannot even begin to understand! Do not tell me how I feel about that whore, that lecherous shrew that I call my mother. I care nothing for her. Nothing, do you hear me?”
“Caspar…” I reached out and grasped his hand, “It’s alright. Okay? It’s fine. You don’t have to say it, but I know. I saw how much you loved her, and how much you loved your little brother. I know that you hate Adam, and that’s fine. It’s justified. And yeah, it would be a suicide mission if my plan were what you just said, but it’s not.”
“So what is your plan, Violet?”
“Well, it is everything you said, except you left out one crucial part: I am going to round up what’s left of our people, and they are going to come with me.”
“Oh, you are going to take a page out of your sister’s book? Try to be the benevolent leader? The shepherd leading the flock?”
“Yes.”
His smile faltered, because he knew that I was serious. His heart told me that he doubted my abilities severely. But I did not doubt myself, not even when staring his doubt of me in the face. 
“Oh, Violet.” He sighed, “Alright. I will go along with your little plan, but only because I am truly interested in seeing how it all plays out. Believe me when I say that my bets are against you, and if it were your sister making this pledge, I would be placing my bets on her, but you are not your sister, so I will place my bets on my new friends. Still, I would like to watch you try, and I will assist only when the odds are tipping in our favor to keep the playing field even, as they say. I am most excited for this, to see if Violet Olivier can match the great and powerful Brynna Olivier. If Violet Olivier can stand with a shrew, the shrew’s lunatic, bastard child, and virginal daughter, and topple Tyre’s dynasty.”
I smiled, not at him, but at the thought of watching all Tyre had built over the years of the war, the years before we had come and the years after, fall the ground. If I played even the smallest role in its fall, I would count myself lucky. He was right that it was Dr. Miletus, her wife, her baby, Illa, and me standing against the big, bad world, and I pictured us standing before that colossal ship that rose out of the sea like a towering mountain, knowing that it was lorded over by an evil man and populated by evil men with guns and knives and bloodlust to rival all of us Red Anarchy people combined. I should have been afraid, but I was not. I was not afraid of them, at least. But I was afraid, afraid of failing, because if I failed, I would be failing Brynna, and honestly, was there anything worse than failing her? 
“Are you sure you do not want to just sit idly by and allow the Old Spirits to have their fun with you? It will be brutal, and it will end in your marriage to someone of nobility, all of whom, need I tell you, are not quite noble in the bedroom. But you will be alive. You will be with the winning side. You will be guaranteed your life. What more could you ask for?”
“What could I ask for besides one of the Old Spirits’ infamous punishments, a brutal husband, and a life as a submissive wife who can’t even speak my dead boyfriend’s name, or my sister’s name, or James’s name?” I actually laughed softly, “No, Caspar, I’ll take my chances.”
He looked at me, and after a second, he said, “Alright,” and shrugged. “It is your eternal life with which you are gambling.”
“Yes, it is.”
“We must seal our deal.” He said, and he spun the chair so that he was facing me. While he had been sitting, I had not noticed that he had been doing so with his legs spread wide apart. Brynna had told me once that when men did that, it was a power play, before adding, “That is Body Language 101, Violet Mae.” So, when Caspar grinned, pressed the tips of his fingers together, and continued to look at me, I understood that not only was it a power play, it was a prompt.
“I am not having sex with you.”
“Oh? Well, then,” He shrugged, “No deal. I have to get something out of this arrangement besides just the promise of entertainment, don’t I?”
“You get your life, Caspar. Who do you think you’re talking to? I know that you need to make deals to stay alive.”
“Yes, and that only happens when I take something of value from the person with whom I am making the deal.”
“What of value would you be taking from me if I had sex with you?”
“Is your dignity of value to you?”
If I said no, would he still be pushing this issue?
“That was a rhetorical question. It is of value to all of us. Granted, I prefer gold, or souls, or the life of a child still within its mother’s womb, and all that. But I have been thinking about sex with you for quite a while. So, if you want my help, I recommend you start taking off your clothes.”
“Caspar, I’m not…”
“No deal.”
“You saved me from someone who wanted to…”
“No deal.”
“Please, Caspar.” 
He looked at me, sighed heavily, and stood up.
“There is nothing more to say here. Your sister can rot on the ship, my father can bed her in the hopes that her shriveled up organs will hold life, Janna can be passed along from man to man until her organs shrivel up and die, and you can rot here, beneath your noble husband while I bed my pure, virginal wife and think about how sick and sad that makes her dreadful mother. Oh, my… Dr. Lucy is my mother-in-law, and her crazed wife is, too. Dear Lord, what will the holidays be like?”
“Caspar!” I snapped, and my body was beginning to shake. “Please just help me.”
“What is more shameful to you? Sleeping with me, or begging me to help you?” He asked, and I didn’t answer, because I didn’t know what to do. He wasn’t going to help us unless I slept with him, but God, I couldn’t imagine doing it. Not when Nick had just died. Not when I wanted absolutely nothing to do with him because he was so much worse than I ever could have imagined. How could I have ever sympathized with him? 
“Oh!” He said, “I almost forgot. Your beloved little sister, Penny, is on her way to the Lapsarian in a crate, and maybe if you’re nice to me, I will ensure that she makes it there with her dignity in tact.”
“What?” I asked, and now, tears were in my eyes. He was threatening to… to Penny? She was a little girl! She was only seven years old. No one I had ever felt kindly towards could ever threaten to stand by while she was violated that way. And Brynna had been violated that way… She would die if she knew Penny had suffered it.
“Take the deal, Violet. Save both of you. All of you. It is just your body, right? I have heard from my Old Spirit comrades that this is a common coping technique of women who are given the violation punishment. It is rather stupid, because though I am aware of the existence of a soul, what is your soul without its body?”
I looked at him, my entire body shaking, but my tears stopping. I refused to cry, not until I was safe. I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction. Both of my sisters’ lives depended on this, this awful act, this violation of me. Brynna would die if she knew of it, so I would never tell her. When I saw her again, I would never say a word about it.
“I’m not good at it. I’ve only been doing it for a little bit.”
“Well, thankfully, I have been doing it for a while. I can make up for your inexperience and lack of skill. Now, come here.” 
I stood there, shaking, frozen. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t possibly do it… 
“I will give you two minutes before I revoke this offer and put you back in your cell. And then maybe I’ll come by with a few of my new friends, and I’ll watch Dr. Lucy bed you. She is sick with the perversion of sameness, after all.”
A sound, something between a cry and a gasp escaped me, and my body began to move towards him. When I was in front of him, and his hands were on me, everything began to fade away as my consciousness cowered in the back of my mind. I did not want to be aware of it, what he was doing.
“Give me your consent.” He said, but I could not. The words were stuck firmly in the back of my throat, choking me. “Say ‘yes,’ Violet. It will be more unpleasant for you if you do not just say ‘yes.’ If you say it, you will be able to convince yourself that it is what you wanted.”
But I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t possibly say it.
My hand had wrapped around something on the desk. It was cold and metal, and I had seen it glinting in the light, but I had barely noticed it. It was in my hand, and I knew that it was sharp, sharp enough that I could… could… 
My hand was plunged into his stomach up to my wrist, a letter opener in its tight grip, and it was twisting. My other hand was over his mouth, stifling the sound of his scream as his blood poured over me. 
“Brynna…” I said, “I need to know where they are. Illa and Dr. Miletus’s wife. Make him show me.”
And she heard me. In his mind, she threw thoughts and memories aside and ripped his brain apart to find the information I needed. Then she made it broadcast out of his eyes into mine. 
When I ripped the knife out, and his blood sprayed onto me, I glared into his eyes.
“No.” I said, firmly, emphatically, “No, do you hear me? I said, ‘NO!’” And I brought my hand back, slashed the knife across his throat, and watched as he gagged and choked on his blood. He would not die, but he would be in pain for a while. There are only a few ways to kill a Dionysian, and with a letter opener is not one. Still, I could cause him pain. I could keep my dignity by taking his. I could watch him fear, just for a moment, that he would die. I could think, however briefly, that he would die at my hands. 
And I could make sure that he knew there was no question. There was no consent. He could not have me at all, but he could certainly not have me with my forced grant of permission.
His eyes promised that I and everyone I loved would pay. 
“No,” I said, “You will pay, Caspar. I promise you right now that you will never sit by and watch your father die. I am going to kill you, and he is going to watch you die. I am going to watch you die.”
I stabbed him one last time, waiting until the spray of blood had settled, and then, I took off, armed with the letter opener and the knowledge of where I needed to find my friends.
Our escape had moved from “possible” to “probable,” and it was up to me to make it certain. With the blood of Caspar covering me, and with the letter opener held in my shaking hand, and with utter elation in my heart, I charged through the hallways of the bunker, knowing that every step put us closer to freedom, and therefore closer to starting our hunt for the Lapsarian. With each step, I was closer to Brynna and Penny. 
“I’m coming, Brynn.” I said, “I’m coming for you.”

Part II: Time Passes Irrevocably.

BEGIN:
YEAR 25

Grace

I don’t remember the world before this, because I was born in the fourth year after the Landing, and The Red Anarchy fell shortly before the third year. Even if I had been born say, in the first year, I doubt I would remember the peace that preceded the Fall, but I can guarantee you I would have remembered the Fall, itself. A very wise person once told me that we rarely remember the good that precedes the bad, because the bad, like a cancer, eats all that was good, because it knows the good can save us.
By now, you know who that very wise person is. 
My parents told me in whispers stories of King Adam’s reign. They were Earthean, and when the Almighty Split had occurred at the campsite, when a man named Daniel Olivier had lost control of the survivors of Earth, they had almost followed the kindly married couple who swore that God would protect them. My mother had been a Christian on Earth, not one of the judgmental ones who quoted Scripture verbatim correctly but missed the overall meaning of the passages. She could quote Scripture if she so chose, which saved her when the Red Anarchy fell, but her first husband could not. She could never tell me what had happened to him, and honestly, I was always too afraid to know, though my mind that loved to churn out terrible scenarios certainly supplied enough to speculate the cause of his death. Sometimes, though, I could imagine him as a rebel fighter, one who rose up against the Old Spirits in the first year of their tyrannical regime and died for the cause. 
Mom and Dad told me that King Adam’s reign was not perfect, but that it was free. As I got older, they told me just how far that freedom went, but I was not shocked nor was I repulsed, though I should have been. If I wanted to survive, I should have forced myself to feel some level of disgust towards the people who took their freedom too far, but I could not do it, no matter how hard I tried. I just couldn’t shake the craving within me for that freedom. To me, the idea of infinite liberty was like a spot of freshwater amongst an ocean of salt, and all the while I relished that idea even though I had never known it. 
Perhaps if they had been less lascivious in their freedom they might have kept it. The One God would not have taken it away. But then, that is probably Old Spirit reasoning, and I should not allow it. When I was younger, and I would be released from school, and all the math that was far too simple (I could run calculations in my head with letters in place of numbers and with strange symbols I had seen in an old textbook my teacher, Mrs. Rose, kept locked away in a secret compartment under her desk, symbols that looked like this ∆ ∞ ∫, among many others) and the writing prompts that required us to summarize passages from the Light Texts or write what gifts from the One God we were most thankful for had fled from my mind, I would lie under my favorite tree, the old Oak that stood taller than all the other trees around it, and dream for hours what I would do if I had infinite freedom. All of my speculations were rather boring: I would read every day books that my mother had told me about, books that supposedly still existed in the free cities of Purissimus. I would travel away from my small village, I would fight the Unallied and the Rebel Red, if they tried to stop me, and I would see the amazing beauty of this land, the danger of it, the darkness… The world was vast, Dad said. He would show me a map he used in his job, and as a child, the size of our world had boggled my mind. Even as a teenager, it had boggled my mind. How could I live in this one tiny village, in this insignificant part of the world? How could I never see anything else but this? Dad told me that both on Earth and on Purissimus, kids left home to see the cities, to explore the world, to go to school in other places. Hearing about that made my heart throb with the excitement of infinite promise, of infinite possibilities. But, of course, that excitement gave way to sadness, because I would never experience what he said; girls like me were not allowed to leave unless we were accompanied by our husbands.
That little issue is what got me into trouble in the first place. I was sixteen, of marrying age, and Mary Bachum, the Living Saint, was in charge of finding me a suitable husband. She decided on a man who was physically twenty-three (and honestly, he was very attractive, with the most amazing eyes I had ever seen) but he was forty-eight in actuality, which, sure, it could have been worse, because girls my age were married off to men who were physically forty-eight and like, one hundred in actuality, but when I looked into his amazing eyes at our First Meeting, I could not shake this trembling in my chest that was both my heart beating irregularly (and not in a good way) but also some writhing feeling of anxiety that was provoked by knowing he was not a good man. My mom and dad talked in hushed whispers, and I heard my dad use the words “betrayed” and “traitor” multiple times. I heard my mom say that maybe Adam had put him there. That was all I needed to hear to make the connection that the man I was supposed to marry was King Adam’s son, and he had betrayed his father to join up with the Old Spirits. Plus, of course, King Adam’s green eyes were legendary, and my prospective husband’s eyes had to have come from someone. Still, I felt bad for King Adam with his green eyes, though I never pledged any fealty to him or anything. My parents told me when I was old enough to keep it a secret that they would always be Red Anarchists, and they would always be loyal, mostly to the First Queen, but also to the King. I knew very little about the First Queen then, because apparently, since King Adam was no longer King of anything, they still counted his first wife as Queen, except she was not the First Queen, and his second wife, who was the First Queen, was talked about so little that there was no possible way that I could have known about her. 
“What was her name?” I had asked my mom once, and I could have sworn that her eyes were tearing when she lied and said she didn’t remember. 
“Did you know her?” I had asked.
“Yes.” 
That my mother could not lie about. She could not deny that she had known this Queen. 
“What was she like?”
“Brilliant. Beautiful. Deadly, completely deadly. But only when those she loved were threatened, and she loved all of us.”
“Is she alive?”
Now, I heard the emotion. I heard the tears in her voice that I had thought had been in her eyes.
“I don’t know, baby. But she gave me a gift once, and it was the greatest gift of any.”
“Rachel.” My dad had said softly, and when we both looked, we saw him standing in the doorway of my room. “That’s enough.”
“You’re right, sweetheart.” She had replied, and that had been the end of our one and only conversation about the brilliant, beautiful, completely deadly Queen Whomever. But even that short conversation, even that slight display of emotion that my mother had shown, coupled with my father’s soft, equally emotional command to put an abrupt end to the conversation, elevated this Queen Whomever to a status of an epic heroine in my mind. I pictured a beautiful brunette woman in her forties, and for some reason, she was wearing golden horns and carrying a brutal-looking yet elegant blade. Don’t ask me why, but that was my picture of her. 
My parents tried to keep me shielded from the cruelty of the Old Spirit reign, and they were quite good at it. My dad was fully Redeemed from something (but I didn’t know what), so he held a rather good job with the Old Spirits. I never really knew quite what he did, but almost everyone treated him with respect. 
“It’s almost like they don’t remember.” I had overheard him tell my mother one night after I had gone to bed.
“You’re doing so well, Tom. Just don’t think about it.”
“I always think about it. I think about the time we spent together on Earth. I think about the wedding, with everyone there, with Adam officiating… It’s who I am, Rachel.”
“I know. I know, sweetheart.” Her voice was always choked with emotion during those conversations, “And when the world is right again, you can be you again. If that person is alive, you can be together, right?”
“I sometimes wonder if we should have just stayed on Earth.”
“Don’t say that!”
“We would have died together, and we never would have had to compromise for these lunatics.” 
“I know, but we have Gracie now. We have our daughter, and…”
“And she is everything. I know, Rachel. I would want to die if I didn’t have her and you and his mother. My mother.”
“And we would die without you. So, stop. Okay? Just stop.”
My parents spoke of serious things when they thought I was asleep. Little did they know, I stayed awake so I could hear their mysterious conversations of which I could never make heads or tails. I could never decipher even the smallest of secrets, because they talked in riddles and fragmented sentences. They could do that because they knew the secrets in full, because they had lived through the times they were discussing and remembered them perfectly. Their memories were linked; their minds were bound together. In that way, my parents were always intimately connected. But one thing that I had noticed as I got older was that besides holding hands or putting their arms around each other’s shoulders, they did not touch. I never saw them kiss. I chalked that up to the fact that their marriage had been arranged, and I never let it bother me because it was obvious that they loved each other. But I had no idea if that love was romantic, or if it was simply love between two people who had been thrown together by less than ideal circumstances and took comfort in one another because they shared a joint vision of the freedom that they had actually enjoyed in the past. It didn’t bother me, because what did it matter? I just found it curious.
So, my own marriage was coming around the bend, and when they thought I could not, I heard them both crying softly. Adam’s son traveled all over the world, so they would not see me. I cried, too, thinking of it. I could not fathom not seeing my mom and dad every day. I could not fathom not going to school with Mrs. Rose, whom my father took care of like she was his own mother, whom my mother confided in even more so than she confided in my dad. I could not fathom leaving my old Oak tree. I had dreamed of leaving that little village, but now, as I faced the prospect of that departure, I realized that it meant nothing. It held no magic at all, if I had to go alone, or rather, in the company of this bad man. It meant nothing if my family was left behind.
But instead of crying as most young girls did before their wedding, I went to my mother and father and said that I wanted to run away. Immediately, after the words had left my mouth, they looked around frantically to make sure no one was listening, even though we were alone in our house. They had been thinking it, I knew they had been. They wanted to run away with me so I would not have to marry the bad man. Never once did they try to argue against it. Instead, we did try to run. 
And all that matters is that we were caught, we were separated, and I was given the choice of public whipping in the village square, death by hanging, or fifty years aboard the notorious prison ship, Lapsarian, and my mother and father were sentenced to death. Believe me, of the three choices, I considered the second, because like there was no point in leaving the village if my family was not with me, there was no point to my life if they were not in it. They allowed my mother to see me, and she was not afraid, which gave me the confidence to choose death. But what she told me gave me pause.
“You were born for a reason, Gracie.” She said, “You were given to me because your father and I couldn’t make you on our own. You were born from me.” She said, because I had just been about to ask that question, “But you were given to me. Your life…” Tears were falling from her eyes now, “…has so much purpose, Gracie. You have a destiny.”
She would not tell me what it was, nor would she explain any further. She just held me tightly, whispered that there were people onboard the ship who would always look after me, told me that I was everything to her and Dad, that they loved me so much, and then, they led her from my cell to the gallows, and I cried harder than I had ever cried in my life. Through my tears, I said I chose the Lapsarian, though I just wanted to die.
Life is meaningless without those we love. 
***
“Name?” 
“Grace.”
“Grace what?”
“DiAngelo.”
“Parents’ names?”
“Rachel and Tom DiAngelo.”
“Ah, yes.” Mary Bachum sat behind the desk. She smirked at my file and then looked up so she could smirk directly at me. “I have not seen them for quite a while. But I remember hearing their names before the Fall.”
I looked at her, not knowing what to say. I was not exactly adept at quick, clever comebacks, and who knows what she would have done if I had said anything like that, anyway? I was curious to know why my parents’ names were known to the Old Spirits before the Fall, but I didn’t know if she would answer any questions if I were to ask them. Besides, I was really scared; my sweating palms were clasped together, and I was trying to keep myself from shaking too noticeably. So I just didn’t say anything.
Which, of course, I would kick myself for later.
“Crime?”
Like she didn’t know.
“Running away when I was supposed to get married.”
“Oh? Who was the unlucky fellow?”
Like she didn’t know that, either.
“Caspar Elohimson.”
“But he’s so gorgeous!”
This woman was old enough to be Caspar Elohimson’s mother, maybe even his grandmother. Mary Bachum, despite being married to Rich Bachum, and despite how coveting was an Offense, always seemed to be on the prowl, and young men seemed to be on the prowl for her, too. She was still considered beautiful even though her face was heavily scarred on one side, and I could imagine her and Caspar finding a mutual interest in one another. But to hear her practically moan over Caspar’s physical attractiveness was disturbing, to say the least. 
Plus, Caspar’s physical attractiveness didn’t make up for the fact that he was a terrible person. 
“But he is difficult, I grant you.” She continued, “But wouldn’t you be, if your parents were like his?”
I didn’t answer, because my parents were nothing like his. His parents were demonized, especially his father. Tyre had told me after the arrangement of mine and Caspar’s marriage that Caspar’s father had rejected him the moment his gift had made itself known. Adam had a special hatred for the Dionysians, because he had made the stupid decision to trust one too freely when he was younger. Adam had sent Caspar away, to an active warzone, where his gift would be of more use. He had only been sixteen years old. And his mother, Tyre said, was just a whore. Wouldn’t I be slightly “difficult” if I had been raised in a similar way?
I honestly did not care how Caspar had been raised; he was a bad man, and I did not want to be married to bad man, not matter how handsome or damaged he was. So, my parents had packed us up, and we had tried to run, but we had been caught, and they were dead now. My mother and father were dead.
I hated myself because tears were suddenly running down my cheeks. They tended to take hold of me with no warning; I never felt the moisture creep into my eyes, nor did I feel my throat tighten until it was too late. The only sign that tears were incoming was the feeling of them streaming down my cheeks, so, obviously, after they had already come and it was too late to stop them. It was going to be a weakness, I knew. Instinct, which spoke in my mother’s voice, told me that I could not afford to show any weakness there. The Old Spirits had told us horror stories about the brutality of the inmates on the Lapsarian. Only through utterly terrifying us would we fully appreciate just how crucial it was to our survival to stay out of that place. New inmates were targeted, and the weakest ones were killed first. You had to have something to keep you safe, and that something was strength. Which I didn’t have. My parents were dead, I had been taken from my home (in a place that I had grown to dislike, but it was my home, nonetheless), and I was alone, facing countless violent criminals whom the Old Spirits had deemed unworthy of a place in normal society, whom they had deemed Irredeemable.
My dad, when we had played card games, had always told me, when he was sure he was going to win, that I was “toast.” He’d laugh to himself and growl, “Oh, you’re toast!” And generally, I still beat him at whichever game we were playing. I never understood the origin of the phrase, but it always made me laugh. Now, I could hear a voice that was not his growling the same phrase at me, and I was crying in response to it. I was crying both because it was true, and because some foreign, unfamiliar voice was saying words to me in a threatening growl that my father had said to me in jest so many times. 
“Oh, Grace…” Mary Bachum said, and her voice was purring again but not in that same sex-starved way she had purred when she had been speaking of Caspar. She was purring at me because she was pretending to pity me. She came around the desk and kneeled in front of me, and out of reflex, I pulled my hands away when she went to clasp them in hers. I expected her to take that as a sign that I did not want her comfort, but instead, her hands attacked mine and held them so firmly that it caused me pain.
“That will gain you no friends here.” She said, and one of her hands released one of mine so she could slowly run her finger up the trail of tears on my cheek. I jerked away, and I must have scowled or something, because she hit me. Her closed fist whacking backwards across my cheek left me stunned and slightly dazed, and the pain came on just as suddenly as her fist had struck me. 
“You won’t last long.” She said, and she stood up and moved back behind the desk, “But then, who knows? People are put here because they allow their demons to guide them up a path of darkness out there in the world, where they have every opportunity to embrace the light, and their demons do not leave them once they are here. So, maybe, if you are lucky, your demons will save you. Well, they will save your life. Your soul is already lost to you.”
My fingers dabbed at my lip and came away red and dripping. She threw a box of tissues at me, and I took one so I could clean up my face. My bloody lips were murmuring a question, and her perfectly penciled eyebrows raised in interest.
“What was that, Grace?”
“Is the Queen here?” I asked tremulously, even though I was unsure why I was asking.
“The Queen? Tyre’s wife? The Sancta? What on Earth would she be doing here? And by the way, didn’t you know? She does not call herself a ‘queen’ nor does he call himself a ‘king.’ They are just like us. They do not need to elevate themselves, because they are not elevated. The one King is the One God. Tyre is the Sanctum, his wife is the Sancta, but those are only titles. You should know this, so it is truly no wonder that you are here.”
It didn’t matter. My mother had spoken to me once about the queen, and I had built a whole fantasy about what she was like. What did it matter if she was there? She wasn’t the Queen anymore, and she would never be the Queen again, nor would King Adam ever be the King.
The guard came to take me away, and my heart pounded even harder against the wall of my chest at the thought of leaving that office. I by no means wanted to stay there with that woman, but I did not want to be placed amongst Purissimus’s most brutal inmates, either. I was dizzy because of the anxiety attack that had been roaring inside of me since I had first stepped foot onto the ship, so when the guard took my arm and pulled me onto my feet, I fell into him. I didn’t expect to knock him over or anything, but I did expect him to stumble at least a little. Instead, he caught and steadied me, and let me stand, for just a second, with my hands grasping his arms until the dizziness cleared. While my eyes were closed, my fingers squeezed his arms, trying to keep their grip, and found that the muscles under them were quite large and ridiculously hard, though I was not quite sure why that mattered, and when I looked up at him, I saw that he was this very, very handsome man. But just like with Caspar, once I got past his physical attractiveness, I saw into who he really was; I saw his black guard’s uniform with the Old Spirit crest on the sleeve—a watchful eye and a strong hand, both of the One God—and I knew that regardless of his momentary kindness, he was someone to be feared. 
“I suppose the Queen to whom you are referring is the one married to the former King.” Mary said behind me, “You will want to watch out for that one, my dear. She loves the newcomers. She eats the weakest ones first.”
Her eyes fell on the guard, and I could have sworn that the look that came over her face was one of great distaste.
“Take her away.”
***
In the elevator, the guard pressed a button and then stood beside me in stony silence. My throat cleared itself; if there was one thing I hated, it was awkward silence. My mind reasoned that it would be even more awkward if I tried to speak to him, or if he tried to speak to me. Still, my hands were beginning to fidget in the pockets of my loose fitting black pants, and as the elevator continued its endless ascent, my arms eventually came up to wrap around my middle.
“Don’t stand like that.” He said, so suddenly that I thought I had imagined it. 
I looked at him, and for some reason, I took notice of how he was standing, perhaps because I was thinking that he was telling me that I should stand more like him. His muscular arms were at his sides, somehow appearing both relaxed and tensed. I could see his ridiculous muscles bulging beneath the perfectly pressed black fabric of his guard’s uniform, and yet he was not standing with any tension at all in either his ridiculous arms or ridiculous shoulders. Now, he was by no means a bodybuilder; the only one of the gifts from the Dark that the Old Spirits did not punish were the Protectors, or the Herculians, as my dad had told me he had been called “back in the day.” This guard was clearly one of those. Herculians were exceptionally toned, and some of them were massively built, but this man, for his age, was just impossibly in shape. I wasn’t drooling over him, though it sounds like I am, considering I have talked extensively about how large his muscles were and how handsome he was, but his physical age was clearly in the mid-to-late forties range, and to date a man that old would be obscene. I was only seventeen, and physically, he was as old as my dad. Who knew how old he really was?
“What?” I asked him.
“Don’t stand like that. You’re showing that you’re nervous.”
“How should I stand?” I asked.
“Don’t cross your arms over your chest, don’t fidget, and do not, for the love of God, bite your lip like that.” I had been pushing my lip into my mouth with the tip of my fingers and biting into it, but after he said that, I stopped. “Or your nails.” I had immediately begun to bite my nails after I had stopped biting my lip. “What’s your name again?”
“Grace.”
“Alright, Grace. You’re young. Do you want to live to get at least a little bit older? To find out what your physical age is going to be? To meet a guy, or a girl, or whatever?”
“I…”
“Rhetorical question. Of course you do. Don’t stand like that. Don’t show them that you’re afraid.”
“But I am afraid.”
“Of course you are. You’re, what? Seventeen?”
“Yes. How did you know?”
“I’m a good guesser. So, you’re seventeen, and you have somehow landed yourself aboard the prison ship reserved for the world’s most sadistic, ruthless, rebellious, criminals. Murderers, rapists, thieves, Undesirables, Irredeemables… Those who can be redeemed and have been sent here to get scared straight for a couple of years. That’s you, I presume.”
“Yes.”
“Alright. So, you have fifty or so years that you have to survive, starting the moment these doors open. You’re not going to last a day if you let on that you’re afraid. So, stand up straight, only make eye contact when you’re spoken to, and don’t butt in front of anyone in line. And try to make friends.”
“Make friends? What is this, school?” I asked, and I could not help but chuckle. When he looked at me, though, and was still totally serious, though I could see him displaying very slightly that he was mildly amused, my smile disappeared abruptly.
“Play nice with your friends in the sandbox, lest you wish to get sand kicked in your face. Someone told me that once, and it’s as true here as it was there.”
“Okay.” I said, “So stand up straight, don’t bite my lip or my nails, don’t make eye contact, and don’t butt in line. And make friends.”
“Exactly. That should buy you at least a couple of months.”
“A couple of months?” I asked, and my anxiety spiked again suddenly, reminding me that it must have dissipated slightly if I had not noticed it until it had spiked again.
“Yeah, and hopefully by the end of those couple of months, you’ll be a little smarter, a little stronger, and maybe you can get yourself a few more months. That’s how you survive here, Grace. A couple of months at a time, if you’re lucky. A couple of days if you’re not. A couple of hours if you’re really not.” 
I nodded and looked over at him again, even though he was facing forward and had resumed his stony silence.
“Thank you.” I said.
“Sure.”
The elevator dinged, and we had reached our destination. I stared straight ahead, at the metal doors, waiting with bated breath for them to open. I didn’t know what would be on the other side, but this guard had said that my fight for survival would begin the moment they opened. Finally, they broke apart to reveal a long corridor cast in an eerily low, artificial light by the fluorescent bulbs attached to the walls. 
“Through the door at the end of the hall.” He said, “And Grace?”
My legs had carried me out, and my body turned around by its own accord to look at him.
“This conversation never happened. Understand?”
I nodded, and more quickly than they had opened, the doors shut, cutting me off from him, leaving me alone. I turned around, my heart pounding again, my palms shaking, and all I wanted was to wrap my arms around myself as I walked or better yet, to slump down there in the hallway, close my eyes, and hope that maybe I would slip into a coma and wake up when the world was alright again. But my arms stayed by my sides, my back stayed straight, and my hand did not shake as I reached out to push open the door at the end of the hallway once I had reached it.
The huge light at the top of the room hurt my eyes, and I wondered as I covered them if I was appearing weak. For a second, I stumbled backwards into the hallway, my hands still pressed over my tearing eyes, and my mind wondering when the last time I had been in bright light had been, even as my ears acknowledged that the din of conversation that had been whirring consistently before had died away, and my skin prickled with the feeling of one thousand eyes upon me.
I looked, finally, and there were hundreds of them crammed into that room. It was a more than sizeable space, with a ceiling that rose to about one hundred feet and enough space between the walls that if I stood with my back against one, I more than likely would not be able to throw a stone and hit any of the others. The wall directly in front of me, on the other side of the room, though, was a window, one that rose to the top of the ceiling and stretched all across that seemingly infinite room. Well, the room would have seemed infinite, if it weren’t for all the people crammed into it. They were consuming every table, covering every tiled space of the floor, standing along every inch of the walls, and every single one of them was looking at me. My stomach plummeted, my hands began to tremble very slightly, and my teeth began to pull my lip into my mouth so I could bite it, but I stopped myself. Somehow, despite this new surge in my anxiety, I managed to walk slowly forward, trying to keep my head up as the silence seemed to grow even more tense. I heard one guy whispering to me breathlessly in another language, and I wanted to cringe but I did not, nor did I look at him. A few other men and even a few women cat-called me, and one girl slightly older than me stuck her foot out to trip me as I passed, but I managed to dodge. It would have been better to just trip, fall, and look like a fool, or maybe that would have gotten me killed, because it would have shown weakness. But this girl had stood up, and even though I was not facing her, and I could barely hear her, I could feel her storming towards me. Everyone had been watching her, too, thinking, she thought, that if I fell, she won, and if I didn’t fall, then I won, and since I had won, I had made her look bad. Her hand reached out, going straight for my hair, and somehow, I managed to anticipate that, so I dodged my head out of the way, whipped around, grabbed a handful of her hair, and promptly slammed her face down into the table. My heart surged again, but this time, there was utter horror mixed in with the usual plaguing anxiety, but, I must admit, adrenaline coursed through me, warmed me, and made me feel like my attack was justified, which, of course, it was. 
In a gurgle of blood, the girl dribbled out one of her teeth, and just as quickly as I had appreciated this really random but totally awesome moment of strength I had displayed, I felt badly for hurting her. She had probably been gearing up to do worse to me, because she had been trying to assert her dominance over the scared, weak newcomer, and I had stood up to her, but I hadn’t really meant to slam her down that hard. In fact, I hadn’t meant to slam her down at all. The adrenaline rush had taken hold of my arm, holding it in a grip as fixed as rigor mortis, and then, in a sudden moment that shocked both her and me, it had slammed her down.
Several of the people she had been sitting with, both men and women, stood up and began to walk towards me, their eyes blazing, but suddenly, there was the sound of shattering glass and an ear-splitting scream. 
“OH, SHIT!” Several guys near me exclaimed, and when I looked at them, I saw that they were laughing and high-fiving each other. Just like that, my fight was over, because everyone, including the girl I had slammed down, was charging the window to see who had just jumped through it. I was still reeling from hearing the word “shit,” because where I was from, profanity was very seriously frowned upon and punishable by public lashings if it persisted for too long. It was considered a corruptible influence, only something that dirty and uneducated people did. Lots of kids got punished for it, because obviously, kids love to push that boundary, but I had never said anything like that, and even hearing it was shocking to me at the time. 
“Well, very good.” A woman’s voice said behind me, and I turned around to see a woman with freakishly large, weirdly bluish-purple eyes looking at me and smiling slightly. Her accent was distinctly Pangaean, but there was something else to it. I had heard Tyre and his people talk a million times, and there was something else to her accent that they did not have, which made me think that she must have been from the far end of the world.
“Very good?” I asked.
“Yes.” She said, and her smile widened, “You hit back. Did you find yourself asking if you should allow her to lay you out flat or if you should fight back? Because you chose the correct answer. You always hit back.”
“Her friends didn’t seem to think that was the right answer.”
“And then look: some kind soul decided to plunge to his or her death, and your life was spared. What is your name?”
“Grace.”
“Oh, an Old Spirit girl, through and through. Grace. Are you amazing? Has anyone ever made that joke to you?”
“No.”
“Do you know the song?”
“No.”
“Good. It was quite over-sung in Tyre’s cities once Mary and Rich Bachum came around. They brought their hymnals and shared them, and Tyre shared his, and just like that, we had multicultural religious karaoke. Anyway… why don’t you come sit?”
She gestured over to one of the few groups that had remained in their spots, and maybe they had remained in those spots because they were nice spots to be in. The people in this group that this woman was from were sitting together on large pillows in the farthest corner of the room, hidden away from the harsh light and boxed in by all the other people in the room. 
“Everyone, this is Grace.” She gestured to me elegantly, flipped her long, perfectly smooth black hair, and eased herself down onto one of the large pillows. 
“All together now.” A guy whose lack of accent told me he was from Earth said, and together, they all said, “Hello, Grace.”
“Look at Mama Rohanna.” Another woman, slightly younger than Rohanna, who was my rescuer, said, “Taking in the strays. It was fine hit, honey. A lovely hit. What are in for? Jousting with an Old Spirit commander? Did you bite his face off?”
“No.” I said, “I ran away from the husband they wanted to marry me off to.”
“Aren’t you like, twelve?” A girl who literally looked to be my exact same age said.
“No. I’m sixteen. I’m going to be seventeen soon.”
“So it is totally acceptable that they would want to marry you off. Come on, Grace, you’re mature enough to marry an old man and bear his children, right? You’re a strong enough young woman to know that you couldn’t possibly make that decision on your own. Only the Old Spirit nobility could ever decide for whom you should spread your legs.” The woman who was slightly younger said.
“Yumi!” Rohanna said, and she whacked her lightly in the leg. “Here, Grace. You look ravenous.”
“Ravenous.” Yumi repeated with a roll of her eyes, “All these books you read, they are putting words that are too complex for your female brain into your head. I am surprised you are not succumbing to a terrible migraine, what with all that intelligence you cram into your tiny, simian-like, female skull.”
“Simians actually have quite large brains, as I have been told.” Rohanna replied, and her hand, I noticed, had not left Yumi’s knee after she had smacked it. In fact, as they continued to talk teasingly in what I could only assume was Yumi’s language, because it was no Pangaean language I had ever heard, they were leaning into one another, and when their lips touched, my eye widened and my mouth dropped open slightly. They… They were… 
“I think I should go.” I whispered, and the girl who was around my age laughed somewhat raucously to herself, but there was a rude edge to it that told me she was making fun of me.
“Could the lesbian party please straighten up?” She said, “Your stray is ready to bolt, Rohanna.”
“Oh, sweetie, I am sorry.” Rohanna said, and when she reached out and touched my knee, I startled so terribly that I kicked over a bottle, causing water to pour over a tray of half-eaten food in front of the young man who had told them to greet me.
“Oh, no, my slop!” He exclaimed loudly, and I began to apologize profusely as he threw gray paper towels into the mess. 
“I am so sorry, and I am not going to bolt, I just don’t know… I’ve just never seen… I’m from Shadow Village, there is no… there are no… We don’t learn about…”
“That’s no excuse.” The young girl said, still filing her nails.
“Oh, you just hush, Illa.” The last man, a black man with muscles even bigger than the guard’s had been, and eyes that stayed red, said, and his voice held the Purissimissian accent with which I was most familiar. He must have been from around Shadow Village. “Stop being such an angry red-haired woman. It is too much of a cliché.”
I was a red-haired woman, and I wasn’t angry. Her hair was significantly darker than mine, closer to maroon, whereas mine was light red, so maybe that was what made up the difference in our personalities.
“Rael.” He said, and his red eyes met mine. When our hands touched, those red eyes narrowed slightly, and he smiled, “You are very, very afraid, but it shows not on your face. That is very good, my dear. Keep it up.”
With that, he slunk backwards, turned sideways, laid back down on his pillow, and placed his feet up.
“And I don’t actually care about my slop.” The boy told me, “In fact, you accidentally kicking water onto this sad excuse for lettuce probably made it cleaner than it has ever been. They poison the food here, you know.”
“Oh, here he goes! Jason, the perpetual conspiracy-theorist.” Yumi said.
“Can you blame me for being a conspiracy-theorist?! That’s what they called us back on Earth, and we were right! About everything! The world ended! We were right! If only my end-of-the-world-internet-forum brethren were alive to see our victory, because, let’s be honest, the end of the world was a victory for us but a loss for the rest of y’all.”
“Oh, Jason…” Rohanna sighed heavily and rolled her eyes to the ceiling.
“Millions dead, thousands still crawling around, more than likely, trying to survive after being left behind. Hell, they’re probably fighting and killing and eating each other, but it’s alright, because you were right about all your conspiracy theories. Nice, Jason. Very nice.” Yumi said.
“It is nice! It happened like, almost thirty years ago. Move on! And don’t look at me like I’m so crass. We’re in prison, for God’s sake. I’m allowed to be crass and awful. I’m a criminal.”
“Live up to the role.” I said, somewhat randomly, “Play the character.” 
They all looked at me, and Rael was smiling. I seriously wondered why his eyes never turned back to their normal color. They weren’t supposed to let it happen, but the native people from Purissimus and the people from Earth sometimes lost control and let their eyes turn over to betray what they were feeling. A darker blue or green, or a lighter brown, meant sadness or worry. Red meant rage. White meant attack, feeding, nourishment, indulgence of adrenaline. Black meant loss of soul. 
Jason extended his fist to me, and I stared at it, confused.
“Sorry. Old Earthean custom done between two badasses who totally get each other.” He explained, “Hold up your fist.” I did, and he bumped his fist into mine, “Now the explosion.” He opened his fist, and at the same time, he puffed out his cheeks and expelled a breath noisily, to sound like an explosion. “See? It’s simple. I take it you were born here. You’re a first generation?” 
“Yes. I was born in the fourth year after the Landing.”
“So your parents were Earthean?” Yumi asked.
“Yes.”
“Recovering Red Anarchy, or always Old Spirit?” Jason asked.
“My parents were formerly Red Anarchy. I guess I’ve always been an Old Spirit, except I don’t really want to be, and…” I stopped, my face flushed red, and my heart beginning to race again. No one who spoke out against the Old Spirits lived. In the camp, if anyone said anything critical about them, that person disappeared or was publicly shamed. Sometimes, if what they had said was bad enough, they were publicly killed. 
“It’s alright, Grace.” Rohanna told me, and she gently grasped my hand. For a second, I jumped, because I was still unsure of her simply because I had never meant anyone… of her persuasion before. But her hand over mine actually did comfort me; I distinctly felt the pounding in my chest calm slightly. 
“You want to know the best thing about being here?” She asked me, and her purplish-blue eyes were alight suddenly, “You don’t have to pretend anymore. You can say whatever you want, and as long as you aren’t shouting it, they don’t care. They’ve already done the worst that they can do to you for acting out against them. They’ve put you here, and as long as you’re with us, you’ll be fine. Alright?”
“Well, if the wrong people hear her talking critically about the Old Spirits…” Illa said.
“Well, luckily, we know who those wrong people are, and we’ll make sure that she won’t say anything too harsh around them. Do you see any of them around, Illa?” 
“No, but…”
“Exactly.” Rohanna said, “She’s fine.” Her eyes turned back to me, and her grip on my hand tightened, “It’s strange, Grace, but you’ll find that you’re actually more free in here than you were out there with them.”
“It is true.” Rael said, “The greatest blessing they and their God could have bestowed upon you is this place. Yes, if you speak to or even look at the wrong person in the wrong way, you could die a terrible death. Yes, there are men and women who live to kill, and will kill you simply because you are in the wrong place at the wrong time. Yes, you will have to fight every day to stay alive, but if you think about it, haven’t you been doing that your entire life?”
I did think about it, and I realized that he was right. In Shadow Village, I was constantly keeping my thoughts to myself, constantly wishing for a life outside the confines of the village, constantly wanting to learn more, do more, be more. It was only a matter of time before I spoke out and got myself publicly tortured and humiliated or killed. If I thought about it, I realized that it really had been only a matter of time before my parents met the fate that they did. I knew by the looks we sometimes got and by what my mom had said about the Queen that they had been very close to the Red Anarchy leadership. Plus, Tyre, Mary and Rich Bachum, Paul, and various others in charge were always out for blood. They always wanted to see people being humiliated, tortured, and killed, and they said that it was because those people spoke out against their God when they spoke out against them. But I had known, from the time I was very young, that they simply loved to witness pain, but to be fair, they truly thought that they were serving the One God when they inflicted that pain. So Rael was right; there on the prison ship, I was enjoying freedom for the first time in my life. As we stood up to clear out of the cafeteria, I found myself smiling slightly. I could not believe that the smile was there, considering my parents had just died, I was far from home, aboard the most dangerous prison ship to be built in either world, with the most sadistic and dangerous people of either world, and I was smiling. 
“You’re not mentally unstable, are you?” Jason asked me, and the smile immediately vanished.
“No.” I said instantly, and I was shaking my head rapidly back and forth to show how emphatically I knew that I was not, in fact, mentally unstable.
“Good.” He replied, “It’s just… The smile. A little weird. A little creepy.”
“I’m sorry.” I said.
“Don’t be. It’s fine. It’s just rare for a newbie to be smiling on the first night. In fact, it’s rare for anyone to be smiling, unless they’re in their groups.”
“I am in a group.” I said, but then, I wasn’t sure if I was one of them yet, so maybe I shouldn’t have said that, because I was ingratiating myself with them too soon, and that would make them want to expulse me from their group, because I looked needy and too desperate to attach…
“I mean… I guess I am in a group…” I said.
“Don’t worry, slick.” Jason wrapped his arms around my shoulders, and my eyes widened when he squeezed me tightly against him. “You are. Rohanna gets good vibes from people and takes them in. How do you think I got here?”
“I don’t know.” I said, and he laughed rather hard at that.
“Rohanna, I like this one. She’s got sass!”
“Do I?” I asked.
“And she’s totally unaware of it!” He added, “Oh, we’ll make a hardcore badass prisoner of the Lapsarian Maximum Security Prison Ship out of you yet.”
I couldn’t help but laugh softly to myself, because the thought of me ever being anything close to a “hardcore badass prisoner of the Lapsarian Maximum Security Prison Ship” seemed as unlikely as me becoming a diehard supporter of the Old Spirit ways, which is what I was there to do. I was there to repent for my crimes and become a submissive follower of their laws and their rule, and I knew that I would never become that, either. 
So, I guess if I had to choose, I would choose to be a hardcore badass prisoner. 
“So, who was it? The jumper?” Rohanna was asking a woman from another group.
“It was Rocky. One of the Warden’s.” 
“The Warden’s?” 
“Yeah. He was fine, and then he just turned around and jumped. Without a word or anything, they said.” 
“It was you!” I heard a voice shouting, and just in front of us the crowd parted, and a man built like an army tank stormed towards someone who, to my horror, was a girl, about twenty-one or twenty-two, her hair long and auburn, pulled to one side of her head and cascading down to her waist. She was maybe one hundred and five pounds soaking wet, as my mom would say, and yet he charged her like an angry bull, storming forward at that impossible speed that only those who had allowed themselves to be taken over by the Dark Powers could reach. I didn’t blink, but she had moved from the place where she was standing to a spot about a foot beside it in the amount of time it would have taken me to blink. Even with his impossible speed, he couldn’t adjust the direction in which he was going to actually tackle her, because he had been right upon her when she had moved in that fraction of a second. He charged into the crowd, which had formed into a circle around them. More than a few people fell to the ground when his colossal body collided with their comparatively tiny ones, and those who didn’t fall to the ground banded together to shove him back into the circle. I watched as the people who had fallen rose to their feet, wiping away blood from their busted noses or lips before filling in the space of the circle that he had punctured. 
“Oh, boy…” Rohanna sighed, “She’s got fire in her eyes tonight.” 
“More like bleach.” Jason said, “Both of them are white now, not just one. Still badass.”
“Way more badass.” Illa said.
“Are you sure about this?” She asked him in a calm, loud, clear voice, so that all could hear her.
If I was shocked at my own ability to smile in my less than ideal circumstances, I was way more shocked to see that this girl was smiling, too. The man was scowling, huffing and puffing through his nose, sounding like an angry bull now as well as looking like one. Her head tilted on the side, and she studied him, still smiling, and I thought that she was trying to anticipate his answer or his next move but really, she seemed to already know it. She turned around to the people behind her, said, “Ready?” and then turned back to face him just as he began to storm towards her again, faster this time, and with a roar of rage that sounded more animal than human. Easily again, she dodged, but this time, she also spun around and kicked him forcefully in the back, sending him hurtling with mighty force into the crowd whom she had just addressed.
“Send him back to me!” She said, her arms out to her sides, her smile wider, and gleefully, they threw him back her way. One of her outstretched arms jerked forward, the pronounced muscles of her upper arm flexing into a perfectly chiseled though small bulge, and the muscles of her lower arm pulling even flatter to the bone. It was a hit that would have only knocked him down, if she were human, but since she was more than that, the hit sent him flying back into that crowd, who, with even more glee, pushed him back to her again.
A rumble of sound was beginning in the crowd, starting at the back and working towards us. 
“Again?” She asked them, and for the third time, she hit him, this time by punching him squarely in the face with one fist, and then punching him squarely in the face with her other fist, and then planting her foot in his chest, and kicking him backwards with a slight roar of effort. Once again, the crowd threw him back joyously.
The sound was growing louder.
“Reine. Reine. Reine.” They were saying, and it was a foreign word, one I did not know, but I could gather from what it sounded like what it must have meant. 
“What punishment do I bestow upon this man?!” She shouted over the roar of the crowd, who only roared that word louder. “What is the only consequence for stepping to me?!” 
“DEATH!” They shouted unanimously, deafeningly.
They were wild. They were animals. Fangs were out, eyes were white, people were roaring like beasts. Those closest to the front of the ring were crouching, smacking the floor in unison, and those who were standing were stomping their feet along to the beat of the smacks. 
“What is it?!” She shouted again as she moved around the circle, getting them even more riled up. People were reaching out to her, even people who were not standing directly in front of her. Those people were reaching between the heads and bodies of those in the front, and she was grasping their hands, squeezing them. “What is it?!”
“DEATH!”
The man was doubled over, his hands on his knees, blood dribbling out of his mouth like drool. He spit, a wad of blood splattered onto the ground, and to my horror, I could see several of his teeth in that puddle. Suddenly, I pitied him. I could gather from when he had said, “You did it!” that maybe he knew the man who had jumped to his death. He was grieving for him, so he was lashing out at her. Though how she could have done it, I didn’t know, unless she really was who I thought she was.
“REINE! REINE! REINE! REINE!” 
The crowd was screaming it now, and their screams and stomps and smacks on the floor grew louder as the man, clearly exhausted, clearly done, started towards her, walking now, dribbling blood out of his mouth, his nose broken and gushing all down his front, his eyes beginning to droop closed as his breaths heaved in and out.
Her only injury was bloody knuckles. 
Standing right in front of him, facing him now, she jumped high, so high that she was able to flip backwards in midair while throwing her legs up to wrap around his neck. Once they were locked around his head, she swung backwards in a downward motion, and then she flipped underneath of his arm at his side to pull his body forward. As he came crashing down, she flipped off of him, allowing him to crash, face-first, into the concrete floor, where more blood and more teeth spewed from his mouth. 
With one foot, she easily flipped his gargantuan, three-hundred pound, muscular frame over, and then, fangs out, she ripped open his shirt, revealing his rock-hard chest and stomach, his muscles there seemingly cut with straight lines, they were so defined. Her white eyes ran down his body along with her small, slender hand.
“Such a shame.” She murmured, though she knew we all could still hear her. “Such a pity.” 
She threw the shirt into the crowd, and I kid you not, two women started fighting over it. They were not fighting over it because it had previously been on an attractive, impossibly muscular man; they were fighting over it because she had ripped it off, because she had thrown it. 
“What do I take, my lovelies? Heart? Tongue?” She looked down his body and gestured to his mid-section. “I haven’t taken one of those since one of his friends said he would rape me and any woman who follows me. Granted, that one was quite hard to find.” She was standing over the man’s head, “Will yours be hard to find?”
The crowd was moving abruptly in various directions to the left of me, and within a few seconds of the sudden movements, I saw that four guards had broken into the circle just as the girl pulled what would surely have been her killing move. A gun fired into the air, and the girl froze and turned around. 
“Alright.” The guard who had fired the gun said. “That’s enough.”
I recognized his voice, and sure enough, when I moved forward far enough to see who it was, I saw that it was the guard who had coached me in the elevator. Already, I felt calmer, because I knew that he was going to stop this girl from killing the man. 
“Well, hello, Officer.” She purred at him, because clearly, she was as enamored with his physical attractiveness as the rest of the women in the crowd seemed to be. I had not been enamored with it, I had merely noticed it. But the women in the crowd were whispering amongst themselves, looking in awe of him. There was something else in their gaze, too, and when I looked closely, I saw that with their reverence was a very potent, very obvious fear. 
“Am I under arrest?” She asked him seductively, and the crowd laughed.
“You’re making it worse for yourself.” He told her, too calmly. “You know that, don’t you?”
The other guards were spacing out slowly, surrounding her, but the handsome guard was standing right in front of her, preparing to take her down if she sprung towards him. 
“You like it when I make it worse for myself. I know you do.” She said, “So, why don’t you let me finish him off? Will that make it as bad for me as it could possibly be?”
“Brynna.” He said, “Mrs. Elohimson. Reinepremier.” He said the last word with such sarcasm, I am surprised she didn’t charge him. “Let’s not play this little game tonight.”
“Not in the mood? Manly trouble?” She asked, and now she was the one speaking so sarcastically that I was surprised he didn’t charge her. 
“Now.” He said, still too calmly, and he gestured for her to walk. For one moment, one intense, endless moment, they stared at each other. The crowd was silent, holding their breath, wondering if she would give in and wondering if he would just reach out and grab her. 
“You know you are my most favorite officer, don’t you, Officer James?” She asked him softly.
“Brynna.” He said, and for a moment, his impatience and anger broke through.
“I love our time together.” 
She threw herself down onto her knees beside the man she had been fighting, and with one hand, she broke his chest cavity, sunk her hand down into it as blood splattered upwards like an erupting geyser, and pulled out his heart. My head spun as the horror I felt took complete hold; his heart was still beating in her hand, and the man was convulsing on the floor, his legs and arms flailing, and his eyes rolled back. She strode to the front of the crowd, showing them the beating heart as she walked, until she reached a beautiful, raven-haired woman with large green eyes, whom she kissed gently on the lips just before she dropped the man’s heart into her open hands.
And all the while, the crowd stomped and smacked and roared.
Officer James was behind her, and he slammed the blunt object in his hand across the back of her head, and the woman to whom she had gifted the beating heart did not scream or cry but instead merely caught her. Officer James pulled her away, slammed her into the river of blood on the floor, and cuffed her hands behind her back so hard that her wrists began to bleed, but that was not why her feet were suddenly kicking and her teeth were biting into her lip so she could stifle a scream. It was his hands. When he touched her, she had to bite her lip to keep from screaming. His hands were wrapped around her upper-arms, and he yanked her onto her feet and began to drag her across the floor towards the stairs. 
“Don’t struggle!” He bellowed at her over the roaring crowd as she fought his grasp.
“Well, now you’ve seen the royalty.” Jason told me.
“What?” I asked, “She really is the Queen?”
“That she is. I know, I know. She’s more rabid, beastly, cave-queen than prim, regal castle-queen, but she’s got that fire, doesn’t she?” 
“Oh, look at you.” Illa said in fake regret, “You are so disappointed.”
And I was. The Queen I had pictured as a benevolent ruler capable of saving us all from the tyrannical reign of Tyre, Paul, and the Bachums was actually a monster. And the guard who had helped me was just as monstrous. 
Officer James slammed the door behind him and Brynna, but not before he had delivered a slap across her face that sent her nearly to the ground. 
“Lesson Number One,” Yumi told me softly as she linked her arm with mine, “The Queen is dangerous and deadly. Count yourself lucky if she notices you, and for the love of whatever God you worship, stay off her radar. No one who gets on it…” Yumi turned my head so I was looking at the man, “…lives for an hour after they appear.”
***

As irony would have it, my roommate was none other than the impossibly beautiful lover of Brynna Elohimson, the evil queen. 
“Janna.” She said after I shyly asked her name, but she barely looked at me, not because she was afraid or because she was ashamed of herself (how could she ever have been ashamed of herself?), but because she truly didn’t feel like she owed me even the slightest bit of her attention. She laid down in bed, on the bottom bunk, and turned over to face the wall, resoundingly cutting herself off from any further conversation.
“Don’t mind Janna.” Illa said, more to tease Janna, I think, than to comfort me. “The nights are dark, lonely, and sad without her girlfriend or her husband.”
“Oh, shut up, you smart-assed terror.”
Illa laughed at that and caught the pillow that Janna had thrown at her. When Janna held out her hands, Illa threw the pillow back.
“I like that. ‘Smart-assed terror.’ Could you sew that onto a pillow for me?” Illa asked.
“Do not tempt me, darling.”
“She’s your… girlfriend?” I asked tentatively.
“Oh, here she goes. Janna, you must edit your answer. The Old Spirit girl is unfamiliar with homosexuality, or bisexuality, or whatever it is that you and Brynna are.”
“What does she always say?” Janna replied, “We are ‘who gives a fuck?’ and she is right. And I am sorry to tell you this, my dear, but if it is a fear of those who desire their same sex that keeps you up nights, then first of all, your life experiences must have been exceedingly dull, and secondly, you have come to the wrong place. Many women are seeing women here, many men are seeing men. Your people have consumed the outside world like a plague that executes with extreme prejudice, targeting only those who rebel in whatever ways they can. Those rebellions are oftentimes of the sexual sort, so here those rebels will be.”
“I just…” I started to say, because I didn’t want them to think that I had anything against their kind, “I just never knew that she was like that.”
“You knew who she was before she came here?”
“Yes. My mom talked about her. They were really good friends before the Fall.”
“Who was your mom?” Illa asked, and she suddenly seemed tense.
“Rachel. Rachel DiAngelo. My dad was Tom DiAngelo.”
“Oh, my…” Janna said instantaneously, and for some reason, her perfect features were suddenly contorted into an expression of worry, and her skin was suddenly several shades paler. 
“What?” I asked, as I looked between the two of them. “What does that mean?”
“Yeah, really. What does that mean?” Illa asked, and when I looked at her, I saw that she and Janna were staring at each other, Illa’s eyes piercing Janna’s, and Janna suddenly looking as though she were making a concentrated effort to calm herself. 
“It does not mean anything. Goodnight to you both.”
“Well, alright. Goodnight, Janna.” Illa replied.
“Wait!” I said, “It means something, and…”
“Goodnight, Grace.” Janna said, and she pulled the blanket over herself and turned away from me. Illa was turned over, facing the wall on the top bunk, and I knew that I would not be able to get anything else out of them.
Still, there was something strange. 
“Janna,” I said, “I didn’t tell you my name.”
***
“Get it together. You hear me?” 
It was Commander Maxwell’s voice, and it was close. I opened my eyes and stifled a gasp. He was in the room with us, and Brynna was back, too. 
“Don’t touch me.” She said softly, but it was barely a command. 
“I’m not touching you.”
She was trying to climb up the ladder to get to her bunk, but she appeared to be in some pain. That pain was not allowing her to move freely, so getting up the ladder was quite difficult.
“Come on, I don’t have all night.”
“You don’t have to stay here. Just go.”
“Get into bed with me, my love.” Janna said softly, and Brynna, clearly exhausted from trying to climb the ladder, did not need telling twice. “James does not mind, do you, sweetheart?” 
“Why would I mind?” He asked irritably, but then he kneeled down beside the bed, let her entwine her fingers with his, and when she kissed him, he kissed her back. 
I was so confused.
“Goodnight.” He whispered to her softly, and Brynna, I saw, was pointedly turned away.
“Goodnight, my love.” She said back.
“You stay out of trouble.” He barked at Brynna, “Do you hear me?”
“Loud and clear, sir!”
“Brynna…”
“She has heard you, James. Brynna, that is enough.”
“Go hump your master’s leg for the rest of the night.” Brynna said, and she was turned back over, looking at him now.
“Oh, sweetheart, you and I both know that you hump my master enough for the two of us.”
“You’re right, I do. Why do you think he likes me so much?”
“You mean why doesn’t he just kill you when you act up like he would kill anyone who did half the shit that you do? Believe me, baby, I’ve been asking myself that question for almost twenty years.”
“I could have him kill you, you know. If I said that you tried to touch me like you used to, or that you said you still loved me.”
James actually laughed.
“Nothing you could ever do, including taking hold of me with your power, could make me say that to you. Nothing you could ever do would make me touch you again.”
I watched as she squinted her eyes and all of a sudden, he was reaching for her.
“I love you so much, Brynna.” He whispered breathlessly, “I love you more than anything…”
“Enough!” Janna said, loudly enough to wake Illa. James had grabbed Brynna’s throat, and she moaned for a second, cringing the second his hands touched her. They all looked over at Illa and me, and I closed my eyes, trying to pretend like I was asleep.
“The new addition to our dwelling is merely pretending to be asleep,” Brynna said, “Her mind is wide awake, as are her ears; she has listened to this whole conversation.”
 “I am so sorry.” I started to say, but James simply kissed Janna again and walked out. “I am so sorry, Queen Brynna.”
“Did she just call me ‘Queen Brynna?’” Queen Brynna asked former Queen Janna.
“She did, darling, but she does not know any better.”
“Would you care to educate her?”
“Certainly.” Janna turned over and looked at me, “Brynna prefers to be known as ‘the All-Powerful, All-Knowing Master of All Chaos in the Universe,’” Brynna whacked her lightly in the butt, “But if that is too much of a mouthful, you may simply call her by her first name.”
“Thank you.” Brynna said, “I am going to sleep now.”
“And now she is demanding quiet.”
“Yes. ‘I am going to sleep now’ is my euphemism for ‘Shut up.’”
“Did you have to kill that man?” 
I could not believe that I had actually said it, but it had been eating at me since the moment she had ripped his heart from his chest. She was not the benevolent leader my mother had told me about; she was a monster. Should I have blamed her? Did I honestly know her, know her story, know what she had been through? No. But due to the fact that she had clearly taken such joy in ripping away that man’s life, when she did not have to do it, I could not help but hate her. I was not supposed to hate anyone, nor was I supposed to judge anyone, but the disappointment I felt in meeting this person whom my mother had so elevated, had believed in so strongly, soured into hatred and judgment when I saw who she truly was.
Maybe it was because I knew that my mother never could have loved her the way she had for all those years if Brynna had been this way all along. Maybe my disappointment was also my mother’s, because wouldn’t she be disappointed in her great friend if she knew her now? I was almost happy that she would never see Brynna this way, because I knew that it would break her heart, and the thought of that made me want to cry.
Brynna was looking at me across the dark space between our beds. Janna was turned to her, so I could see the tense muscles in her back. She was preparing for Brynna to explode on me, and I was dreading the same thing. I should never have said anything. I should never have broached the subject. Brynna owed me nothing, but I could not stop thinking that she owed my mother. She owed my mother who had so believed in her goodness, in her ability to save us all from the Old Spirits tyrannical reign. She owed it to my mother to be better than what she was.
“Your mother?” Brynna asked, and I gasped out loud and sat up.
“How did you do that?”
“Oh, have they not told you of my power?” She asked me, and even in the dark, I could see that she was smiling, “My dark and evil power. I can see into your mind, control your mind, manipulate your memories, change the laws of what is possible or impossible… So, if you were asking me if I had to kill that man because you are thinking that I could have just erased his existence in a less violent way, then I will say that I had to kill him because it was fun. If you were asking me if I had to kill him because you are thinking that he should have been spared, then…” Her eyes narrowed, her lips pursed, and then, she smiled again, “Oh, wait, my answer is still the same.”
“So, you kill because it’s fun?” I asked, and I was horrified. I did not want to speak to her, I did not want to be near her. I wanted to get as far away from her as I could. How could my mother ever have loved someone so evil? How could I possibly have believed that she would ever be anything but this? I had never accounted for this possibility. I had always seen her as good.
“Good.” Brynna repeated.
“Stop it!” I exclaimed, covering my ears with both hands.
“Covering your ears does nothing. I have been locked up here for a long time, my dear. Am I not entitled to some fun? Besides, I must indulge my animal inclinations some way, otherwise I might snap and murder every person within the confines of this metal trap without so much as lifting a finger.”
“So you kill people?”
“Yes.” She said, “One way or another, people die. I am very much like a Dionysian in that way; people die around me. I keep the order, the balance between empty space and the number of bodies breathing the air here.”
“You’re out of your mind.”
“You are right. I made all of that up. The bottom line is, it has been twenty five years; I kill because it is fun for me, and because I enjoy being both the villain and the hero. Sufficient answer? Good. Now shut up so I can sleep.”

Brynna
I was not always so harsh and so brutal, as these re-tellings have shown. I was good, and righteous, and selfless, to a certain extent. Looking back on it now reminds me of my inherent goodness, righteousness, and selflessness, and I am glad that I have re-told all of this, because I had forgotten. After twenty-three years onboard the Lapsarian, I was by no means one-dimensional; I was still capable of kindness once in a while, but it was kindness in the form of mercy, nothing more. 
The Warden first appeared in the middle of my first week on the ship. James, Janna, and I were integrated rather easily into the general population, because to the former Old Spirits on the ship, we were from a fearsome, moral-less warrior tribe, and not only were we from it, we had led it. We were fearsome because of our high-standing with King Adam. I suppose some of their fear contaminated the imprisoned Unallied, because they found us formidable, as well. Of course, people stepped to us; they wanted to see if they could make the members of King Adam’s inner circle (his new wife, his old wife, and his new wife’s well-built former love) less formidable. 
I took many, many lives in those few weeks, because my body had recovered beautifully from my injuries, and Janna’s had not, and suddenly, I found myself unable to fathom allowing any harm to come to her, and I would certainly not allow it to come to James. He would not have done the same for me, and he made that obvious when three times, he allowed me to get rather severely beaten until I finally was able to gain the upper-hand in those fights. 
My poor James. I loved him with everything, and to this day, I love him still. The Contact shattered his mind, his personality, everything that made him the man I loved. His humor was gone, his gentleness erased; he became brutish, animalistic, enraged. Something was derailed, and the other inmates learned quickly (probably after he ripped one man’s head from his neck by barely flexing his muscles, or maybe it was after he broke another man’s spine in half with one hand) that he was not one with whom they should joust. His love for Janna grew as the years went by, and I diminished. Well, his love for me diminished; his resentment of me bloomed into hatred, and once his obedience and great strength were noticed by the Warden, he became a Commander of the prison guard.
Never once did I beg him to remember us. Never once did I try to touch him. It was impossible. The slightest touch of his skin on mine collapsed my knees and left me biting through my lips to keep from screaming, and I inflicted the same pain upon him. I cannot tell you how many nights Janna held me in our cell, how many times she whispered that she was so sorry, how first it was simply her arms wrapped around me, and then my hands were holding her arms, and then, several months after we began sleeping that way, I turned over to look at her, and in the darkness, her pale white skin was so beautiful, glowing in the light of the moon that was able to peek through our tiny circular window. Her green eyes were able to grasp hold of that slight light and sparkle, and as the allure of her absolute beauty cradled me in its arms, my hand had come to rest on her face, and she had looked up at me, and her perfect lips had parted for my tongue even before my lips had come to gently press to hers… 
I was over top of her in her bottom bunk, and her hands were shaking as they had found the parts of me that my lovers’ hands always found first: my breasts, my butt, my hips… First, her hands rested upon my breasts and squeezed gently, as though she were simply learning the feel of them, and retaining that feeling in her fingertips and in her palms. I had pulled off my shirt, and her eyes had taken in the sight of me, and just like her former husband, who was now my husband, her eyes glazed over, and when I reached behind me to take my bra off, I saw that she wanted to kiss me there, she wanted to touch me, but that she was afraid to do it. So I had taken her hands, placed them on my breasts, and a very soft moan had escaped her as her eyes closed. Her head tilted back, she inhaled deeply, and her hips rose slowly to press against mine as her hands caressed my breasts and her thumbs moved slowly, back and forth, over my nipples. I came down to kiss her again, feeling her breasts heaving against mine as my tongue slid deeply into her mouth to move against hers, and as I had unbuttoned her shirt, she had begun to breathe even more deeply, her legs pressing together hard, her hips twisting slightly. Her shoulder had been badly damaged because though Adam had gently put it back into place after it had dislocated, it was still extraordinarily tender, so I maneuvered her out of her shirt as gently as I could. 
“Are you alright?” I asked her, and she had nodded.
“I…” She said.
“What, honey?”
“I have never… with a woman before.”
“Do you want to stop? We don’t have to…”
“No.” She said firmly, “I…”
“Tell me.”
“I want you.” She whispered breathlessly, “I want you so badly that it hurts, Brynna. But I don’t know how.” 
She was so embarrassed, so ashamed. Her hands were so eagerly caressing me, wanting to feel every part of me, but she did not know how to go any further than touching, though I could see in her heart and mind that she wanted to go as far as we could possibly go. I kissed her very gently.
“Don’t worry.” I told her, “I want to take care of you. Okay?”
She nodded, and when my hands came around her back to unhook her bra, she lifted up, relaxing completely as I took it off of her because she knew that I would not hurt her. In the same way that I was thoroughly aroused by her, Adam, and James looking at me, she was thoroughly aroused by me looking her body up and down. Her breasts were smaller than mine, but somehow, they were more perfectly round, and because they were the first breasts that I had touched in a long time, I was momentarily overcome with hungry lust when I felt how soft they were, when I felt them compress perfectly under my grip, and fill my palm. As I squeezed her breasts, my hand began to slide down her perfectly toned stomach until it had dipped under the waistband of her pants. 
It had been a long time since I had been with a woman, but my time with Rachel had begun to teach me both how to be pleased by and to please a woman. Many memories from my past were seen through a haze, but my time with Rachel was crystal clear, and still is, all these years after, when she has been gone for so long. Perhaps I remember her so clearly because she was one of only two joys in my life before Pangaea, the other joy, of course, being Penny. I remembered the first time that we had made love, how it had taken months before I could imagine allowing her to see me in such a vulnerable state, and I had been just like Janna, lying on the bed, trembling, saying that I didn’t know how, but Rachel had shown me, first what I liked, and then, she had allowed me to find what she liked, remaining so patient, as she always was. So beautifully, impossibly patient.
I started at Janna’s lips, and as I moved down to kiss her neck, her legs opened for me. When I began to rub her slowly, I found that she was sufficiently wet already, but when I came down to one of her breasts and licked her nipple with the tip of my tongue first but then sucked it gently, she tightened around the two fingers I had slipped inside of her, her back arched, and a moan so long and sensuous and beautiful escaped her that I almost came right along with her. Her body collapsed back onto the bed, and in her mind, she was so relaxed, so exhausted, and so perfectly fulfilled. Perhaps it was wrong of me to peek into her mind, but I had to make sure that I had not lost my skills some way, right? 
“I was very fast.” She told me abashedly, “I am sorry.”
“Don’t apologize.” I replied with a slight laugh, “Coming fast is not generally a female problem. It can be, but generally speaking…”
She nodded, seemingly reassured.
“You are very good at that.” She said, rather breathlessly, and with a tired yet totally content smile.
“Well, thank you.” I said, and I leaned down and kissed her. Her head raised, pressing her lips to mine more firmly, and before I pulled away, she kissed me again and again. “I was afraid I had lost my skills.”
“No.” She shook her head emphatically, “You certainly have not. Should I…” She reached down and pressed one of her shaking hands between my legs, and gently, I grasped her wrist.
“No, it’s okay. We’ll work up to that. You’re exhausted. I can see it.”
“I am, but it is not fair…”
“I will be just fine, Janna.” I kissed her softly, “I promise. You need to get some rest.” 
Like me, she found it difficult to sleep. By then, we had seen Penny and Idan, so we knew that they were alright. They were in the children’s ward of the prison, which was not very populated at that point, but still, we worried about them being amongst the Unallied children who had been captured, and the children from Adam’s other cities and villages. Neither of us knew for what the other children were being detained, and of course, we speculated that it had to be because they were miniature murderers. It is easy to imagine the worst case scenario once maternal anxieties begin quaking in one’s heart. 
I was telling her to rest because over the course of the previous week, she had slept perhaps three hours a night. Though I kept odd hours, I still forced myself to sleep for at least five hours per night, because I knew that I had to protect both Janna and me during the day. So now, I wanted to make sure that she fell asleep before me, because I knew she was beginning to experience the adverse side effects of keeping herself awake.
“Come on.” I whispered, and I kissed her lips very gently, “Close your eyes.”
She nodded, breathing softly now. Her hand came down to grasp hold of mine, and she brought it to her lips.
“I have wanted you for so long.” She whispered, “The first time I saw you, even though I was so utterly enraged because I knew of Adam’s love for you, I…” 
She stopped, and I kissed her hand and urged her gently to continue.
“I just thought you were so beautiful. Your gifts just seemed so plenty, I could see why he was so enamored with you. I thought that I was merely assessing your physical attractiveness because I knew of my husband’s affection for you, but I think I wanted you then, Brynna. I think I have always wanted you. But I did not know it.”
It dawned on me that I had wanted her, as well, and that I had not known it, either. I just had refused to recognize my feelings towards her as desire, but goodness knows I had noticed her beauty, and her perfectly svelte, toned body, and those eyes… I had noticed her a million times, assessed her physical attractiveness a million more times, and always because I was jealous of the effect she had on men. I had wanted her husband, I had wanted James, but I had wanted her, too. 
“Isn’t it strange?” I said, “But even as all the events of the past year were unfolding, even as you and I were at each other’s throats every day, I wanted you, too.”
And in response to that, she beamed her legendary smile up at me, and it was the first that I had seen it in weeks. 
***
It was Janna who shared the prophecy of the last Athene with me. We had been onboard for seven months, so for six and a half months, we had been romantically involved. She had been hesitant to tell me, because she had suspected that I would be rightly furious to learn that all her ex-husband wanted was to impregnate me with his spawn who would apparently save the world from the plague of Old Spirits currently consuming it from north to south to east to west. 
“You needed to know, Brynna, because they want this child.” She told me tentatively, “They will do anything to ensure that they get it, and I do not want that. You already have one Athenian child. If you bring another one into the world…”
I stood up, shock coursing through me, but what hurt worse than the shock was the recognition of my own utter stupidity. I had known Adam was not to be trusted when I had first met him. I had known that he meant me harm. After James had told me that Adam had sent him to collect me, I should have pushed Adam away, but I had grown closer to him. I had forgiven him for his part, while I had continued to punish James, when without Adam, James never would have betrayed me. Of course, without Adam telling James to collect me, I never would have been saved, but still. I had trusted him, and now, I was horrified to learn that the reason why he wanted me in the first place, the reason why he had sent James after me, was so he could get me pregnant with some sort of savior child. How could I not be horrified at that?! When he had wanted James to forcibly deliver me to him, it was so he could impregnate me!
 “I just wanted you to know.” Janna said softly from the bed. I could hear the emotion in her voice, and because my heart was beating so fast, my senses enhanced. I smelled the salt in her tears when they began to fall, and I heard her shuddering sobs echoing through my ear canal as though she were standing right beside me and crying directly into my ear.
“Brynna, there must be a way to prevent it.”
I had only begun to laugh. It began as a slight giggle, one that I tried to hide by covering my mouth with my hand, but it soon grew hysterical, and I had to lower my hand so I could grasp my stomach. 
“Fate has taken care of it, Janna.” I had said, “And I cannot wait to tell my husband just how resolutely Fate has ensured that he will never have his messiah-child.”
Little did the prophecy know that my womb could not hold life, and I am glad. I was glad back then, too, and I am still glad that I never could conceive this little messiah-child, this little being who would have this boundless purpose thrust upon his or her tiny shoulders from birth. Besides, I would not allow some stupid prophecy or chauvinistic Fate to force me into the role of mother in order to make me more fitting with the conventions of my gender. I am by no means saying that all mothers are mothers simply because their gender says they must be, but for me to be a mother would be the direct result of the universe playing dirty tricks. Penny was the only child that I would ever have, and for the first few weeks of my imprisonment, Penny had been kept from me. It was not until I began to use my feminine wiles on the Warden of the prison, the so-called Lord of War, that I was allowed to see her again. 
It was this prophecy that first resulted in the warden, the so-called Lord of War, calling me to his office. It was around this time that my eyes began to change, that the blue disappeared in favor of the white and black, and when I sat down in front of his desk, and his eyes rose to meet mine, I saw him wince.
“Mrs. Elohimson…” He said in a voice that was deep and slow, like molasses melting in the sun, “Are we going to have a problem?”
In the reflection of his silver desk lamp, I discreetly looked, and it was then that I saw them, white swirling into blue in one eye, and black swirling into blue in the other. With those newly mutated eyes, I looked into him, into this fearsome man about whom I had been warned by Tyre. He certainly was fearsome, though he was younger than James and Adam. I would have put his physical age in his late thirties. His hair was parted and gelled stylishly, and his eyes were a dark, inky blue, like the sky at night. Like Tyre’s nose, the Warden’s was prominent, and I found my eyes drawn to it. My head turned on the side so I could observe him, his nose, his eyes, and his hair from a different angle, and he looked back at me, expecting an answer. 
“Mrs. Elohimson.” He said again, a little more firmly, and he stood, rising to a height that was just as intimidating as Adam’s, which I had not been expecting. “I asked you a question.”
There was not a hint of anger in his voice, but only a strange, forceful calm. If I continued to keep my silence, he would choose between hurting me or killing me, though I believed very firmly that it would merely be the former. 
“As it stands now,” I replied, because honestly, I was sick of watching my bruises fade only to have them darkened again by another man’s fists, “I do not think we are going to have a problem. But I suppose the continued state of calm and rationality between us depends on us both.”
I looked up at him, and he looked down at me. For a long time, we stared, playing in a battle of wills neither of us wanted to lose. When he chuckled to himself and sat down, I wondered if I was going to win myself yet another admirer. Because I was healing up nicely, and beginning to feel more like my typical feisty self despite my new rage at Adam, my longing for James, and my fear for Penny, in the children’s ward of the prison, and Violet, wherever she was, and my protectiveness over Janna, whose lips I could still taste on mine, I could easily see into his mind. Also, his skills at keeping me out were nowhere near as advanced as Adam’s.
“Are you Tyre’s brother?” I asked, because I no longer had to focus all of my attention on prying into minds in order to do so.
“I am.”
“And they call you the Lord of War.”
“They do.”
“Why is that?”
Standing at the front of over ten thousand men, he barked in their native tongue, demanding that they fight and kill for their God. Together, they marched on Adam’s city, burning it to the ground and killing any who stood in their way. It was the first time that Lumiere had burned, and in the battle, Adam had found him. In their fight, Adam had gained the upper hand, but instead of killing him, he had used his knife to cut him from his mouth up to his eye, to force him to wear the wound as a token of shame, of defeat, of being spared in the way one spares a mere civilian, not how one should spare the man known as the Lord of War. But Adam had spared his life, and left him to bear that shame for hundreds of years, and during those years, the Lord of War had fought and killed, always to absolve himself of that terrible shaming. 
“I have won every battle that I have ever fought.”
“Including the one when Adam scarred your face?”
“Are you invading my private memories, Mrs. Elohimson? How would you like it if I did the same to you?”
“Are you an Athene?” I asked, and I was actually leaning forward now, totally enthralled. Adam had led me to believe that my kind were gone, but if the Lord of War was one of my kind…
“No.” He said with a slight smile, “I am afraid not. But there are other ways for me to see into your mind, Mrs. Elohimson. Rather, there are ways for me to make you tell me what is in your mind. But I brought you here for other reasons.”
“And they are?”
“You have been made aware of the prophecy regarding yours and the First King’s child?”
“Yes. The Second Queen made me aware.”
“And you have surmised that we have an interest in this child?”
“An interest in killing it, you mean.”
“No.” He leaned forward now, “Brynna… Is it alright if I call you that?”
“It is my name.”
“Yes. But is it alright if I address you informally?”
“Oh, you require my permission to address me informally, but you would not require my permission to fuck me right now, would you?”
“Brynna!” He exclaimed, but he took a breath and looked at me, “I will have none of that, do you understand me? Please refrain from…”
“I know, I know. When I say ‘fuck,’ it tempts you to commit Offense. To sin. I do apologize.” I said, “And I apologize to tell you that there will be no First Child born from the union between the First King and Queen.”
“Oh? Why is that?”
“Because I cannot conceive. Two other men I knew who, like yourself, did not bother themselves with consent, made a bit of a mess of me down here.” I pressed my hand to my lower stomach, “The one child I was able to conceive bled out of me and more than likely would have killed me had my same-sex partner, Rachel, and two of my close friends not rushed me to the hospital.”
For a long moment, he stared at me, eyes slightly narrowed, trying to determine if I was bluffing. I stared back into his eyes, wanting to laugh, because I was certainly not bluffing, and I was waiting for the moment when the disappointment, however slight, began to show on his face.
“Well, we will see.” He said, “Many of your kind came here infected with various malignant growths all over their bodies, and they found themselves healed.”
“Well, I have been engaging in unprotected sex with my former love, James, for two years now, and I have never once even skipped a period. My stars, if I think of it now, I was never even a day late.”
I kid you not, this man, who was telling me with very little discretion, to screw Adam until a child had been put into my womb, flinched slightly at my mention of the biological process which would make the implantation of that child possible in the first place. 
“Like I said,” He replied softly, “We shall see. You will confer with our doctors here, and we will determine when your monthly visits with your husband will occur. Of course, they will occur when we feel you will have the highest chance of conceiving. Tyre has a great interest in this child.”
“I assume it is by your decree that I have been allowed to see my real child, Penny.”
“Yes. That was by my decree. She is a very special child, and she is of interest to Tyre, as well, because she shares your gift.”
“Oh, but I thought it was a curse?”
“It is a rarity, and that interests him. It interests me as well. But in regards to your daughter, if you would like to continue seeing her, I recommend you remain on your best behavior. If you do that, I will allow you to see her nightly, and that is quite generous, Brynna.”
“So, by staying on my best behavior, you mean that I should stop cutting the throats of all those who step to me? You were a warrior, Warden. Surely, you remember how it feels to take a life. How the kill burns inside of you as their blood pours, and you feel like your soul is stealing theirs, like your life is drinking in their life… You would not ask to take that from me, especially when many down there want to rape and kill me simply because I am the so-called First Queen, and because James is no longer there to protect me. You would not deny me my right to protect myself.”
“Oh, of course not. You will discover that we have a very different definition of what constitutes good behavior in here.”
“So, from what activities should I refrain?”
“Just make your husband happy, keep him as besotted with you as he is now. Stay away from James Maxwell, because he is Janna’s now, and he is ours now, as well. We have use for one who is so strong and prolific a Herculian, as you called him, and especially now that you have summoned him back from the land of the dead, and he is even stronger than he was before. He will be of great use to us.”
“Don’t hurt him.” I said, and for a moment, my eyes were only blue, and that made him pity me, which had not been my intention. “Just don’t hurt him anymore.”
He looked at me, seemingly surprised.
“He thinks nothing of you anymore. Tyre ensured that. Still, you think of him. You wish to protect him from harm.”
Before my eyes could turn back, my heart surged. I could not stop the sudden onslaught of memories, even though there in the Warden’s office was not the place to see them. That night in the city, him lighting my cigarette. His beautiful eyes. His smile. Us in the car, me sitting sideways in my seat, my head rested against the headrest so I could look at him as I talked. Him kissing me in that corridor of the ship, apologizing, and me pushing him, kissing him, wanting him, feeling something there with him that I had never felt before, something that I never wanted to lose, something that I wanted to feel every day for the rest of my life. Him laying me down on the Pangaean earth, his lips against mine, my hands on his face, on his neck, squeezing his back while his strong body pressed to mine. I remembered gasping the first time he slowly slid all of himself into me, how that gasp had dissolved into a moan, how I had held him so tightly, because I had never known how good it could be with a man, and God, he was good at it, at both the act and making sure that I knew I was safe, I was loved, I was everything. So many memories, all of them of him and me. Him and me. Him and me. My James and me. 
“God,” The Warden said with such surprise in his voice, “Your heart still holds him, even now.”
“Yes,” I said back softly, and I looked up at him, “Even now. Now, and for one million years.”
***
When they had thrown me into Adam’s room that day, he had rushed to me and taken me in his arms, but I was able to wrench a hand free from his embrace. With that hand, I slapped him so hard that his massive body staggered. I was emotionally exhausted from my first meeting with the Warden, which had required me to be firmly on my guard, but the rage that I felt towards Adam had not been lessened by that emotional exhaustion. 
“All you have wanted,” I snarled, and I pushed him hard, “All you have wanted this entire time is to put your child into me! I have never been anything to you but a body that can bear some messiah child! That is all you have ever wanted! You son of a bitch! You motherfucker!”
“Brynna…” He said softly, imploringly, as he tried to grasp my hands.
“NO!” I screamed, and I was shaking now with that rage, shaking like I was chilled to the bone, and my eyes had turned blood red. “NO! They took James from me so he could not keep having sex with me! It was never because our love was a perversion, it was because they wanted you to father my children, not him! And that is all you have wanted! Every time you have objected to James, every time you have tried to take me away from him, it has been because you want me for yourself, which I knew, but I did not know that it was because you just wanted to increase the number of opportunities you would have to impregnate me with some fucking foreseen son! And when you demanded that he deliver me to you, it was so you could rape me in hopes that I would get pregnant! You fucking son of a bitch!”
“No.” He said, still speaking so softly, so gently, because it was truly breaking his heart to hear me say all of those things, but the last in particular made his heart and mind give a sickened lurch. That should have convinced me that I was wrong about what I was shouting at him. But I was so furious with him for lying to me yet again. I was furious with James, for leaving me, for giving in to them. I was furious with myself, for loving them both, when they were such liars, such manipulators, when they hurt me so terribly over and over again. I was so stupid to have thought that my attraction to older men guaranteed my ability to handle their manipulations and lies. I was so stupid to have not fought my desire for both of them. But I loved them. I loved them to the Earth, to the moon, to the countless planets within galaxies within universes out there in the endless mass of space. I loved them when I loved so few, and they were so precious to me because of that.
“You stupid son of a bitch!” I screamed at him, and when he tried to take my hand again, I pulled it away and slapped him. “When will you both stop lying?! But you know, I am not perfect, either. I am by no means truthful. How many secrets about me have I kept from you both until recently? Do you want to know the biggest one, Adam? Oh, you will love this. I am so utterly fucked in there that your child, if it is able to survive long enough to grasp on, will just end up bleeding out all over me! It won’t be much good to you in a jar, will it?!” 
“Brynna.” He said, and why was he so calm? Why was he always so fucking calm? I had hit him twice, and I wanted to hit him again, and I was crying, because maybe, someday, I would have wanted children, with either him or James or maybe both, but I could not. The tears were coming so fast, and my sobs were so hard, but I was fighting him, because he would hate me now as much as I hated him, as much as James hated me, and eventually, I would drive Janna away, and if the Warden kept Penny from me, I would have no one, and Violet was missing, and Nick was gone, and Quinn and Alice were nowhere to be found in my mind anymore, and everything was lost. Everything was over. 
“I have always known.” He whispered in my ear when I finally allowed him to hold me, “I have always known that you cannot conceive.” His hand came down to rest on my lower stomach, “I am a Healer, my love. I can see where you are hurt.” He kissed my neck and my shoulder, and then whispered in my ear, “I wish that I could heal you, but I cannot. I cared once for the child we might conceive, but now, I care only for you. I loathe the bastards who harmed you because they harmed you, not because they made you incapable of bearing our child. If the One God had not killed the first man, and you had not killed the second, I would spend my life pushing them to the brink of death as excruciatingly as I could and bringing them back, only so that I could push them there all over again, even more excruciatingly. I would do that only for you. I care nothing for that prophecy. I care only for you. Do you hear me?”
I nodded, looking up at him, at his unbelievable green eyes that were alight in the glow from the torches. In order to do it, I had to stand on my tiptoes, but I wrapped my arms around his neck, and buried my face in his neck so I could breathe him in.
“You are the love of my life.” He whispered, “You have my love. Not that child. Not that prophecy. You have all of my love. Only you, Brynna Olivier.”
Before he could block me out, I peered into his mind and saw that he was telling the absolute truth. His heart was telling me of his guilt, of his anger at himself for not being honest with me about the prophecy before. His mind was telling me how everything had changed once he had met me. And then, I felt guilty for being so angry. I felt guilty for hitting him. I truly had to start trying to grasp a hold of my temper tantrums, even when I believed wholeheartedly that my rage was justified.
I pulled away from him so I could reach up and touch his face, so I could rub my thumb through the gray stubble that was beginning to grow there. 
“That’s not my name anymore.” I whispered.
For a long moment, he looked at me, and his green eyes made mine turn back to blue. He was shocked, but for once, it was a good shock. For the previous months, when I had been taken to see him, we had sat around, talking and holding each other, but both of us were trying to keep things platonic, out of respect for mine and James’s terrible ending. But after I said those words, I realized that I wanted to be his wife. Despite how brokenhearted I still was about James, I wanted Adam. I needed him. I might have even loved him. 
“That’s not my name anymore, Adam.” I told him again, and then, his hands gently rested on either side of my neck, and his mouth covered mine. His tongue moved slowly against my own, and mine was pushing back against his. I was resting my body totally against him, and he did not falter for a second; I could rest everything upon him, and his strong body supported the weight. 
We were lying in his bed, on that red comforter, and he undressed me first. Once I was lying, totally naked, before him, he slowly spread my legs and then stood up to look down at me. Maura had always told me that males were visual, relishing in their visceral urges to dominate the female body when they observed it. I do not argue that men are creatures who thrive on and thirst for visual stimuli, and perhaps Maura was right about the rest of it. But Adam’s gaze did not make me feel vulnerable. As I laid there on his bed, and he stood over me, unbuttoning his shirt slowly, I felt strong. I felt beautiful. Most of all, I was aroused, already almost dripping wet, and he had not even removed all of his clothes yet. As he shed his shirt, and his muscular midsection was exposed to me, my hand came down by its own will and pressed hard between my legs. Slowly, my fingers stroked up and down, and my hips began to push into forward against my hand, my head tilted back, my breasts pushed up as I breathed in deeply, and when I saw how watching me was making that look in his eyes deepen, I let out one of my famous moan-sighs that had driven James so mad to see if it had a similar effect on Adam. 
It was not even one second later that he was over top of me, his fingers slipping deep into my wet opening as I continued to rub myself, and he was kissing me deeply again as his fingers found my spot effortlessly, curled upwards and pressed into it gently at first, but then a little bit harder.
“Again.” He whispered breathlessly after my mouth had broken free from his so I could draw in a deep breath. “Moan for me again, my queen.”
And I did, this time louder, and deeper, and longer. 
“Adam…” I moaned, “Now. I want you now.”
For the second time in my life, a man made love to me slowly. The first time had been my first time with James. Of course, that first time had been beautiful, as perfect as it could possibly have been. This time, though, I knew how to move in synchrony with Adam’s body. I knew how to arch my back and when. I was able to respond to his deep kisses confidently, and I was able to look up into his eyes and know that I would die for him, that I cared so deeply for him, which had taken some time with James. 
Mine and Adam’s hands were clutched together, our fingers entwined, and when I felt my arousal begin its final ascent to its peak, I squeezed. My moans intensified, and his breathing grew deeper.
It surprised me, but he turned me around and pulled me so my back was pressed to his chest. Just when I began to ache to feel him inside of me again, he pushed himself inside, and now, he was pressed to my spot, where his fingers had been before. My body tensed, and my arm curled back to wrap around his neck, and my other hand flew down to grasp his hand that was rested on my lower belly, keeping me held to him. 
“Oh, God…” I murmured, and then I cried out, “Oh, my God!” as the walls of me began to contract and expand upon him. I felt the need to bear down on him, to push against him, and the feeling was somehow building both quickly and slowly.  
“Adam…” I cried out, because it felt amazing. It was almost startling, how amazing it felt, because I didn’t know what was happening. “Adam!”
“It is alright.” He whispered gently in my ear, which made the feeling intensify even more, “Just let go, my love. It is alright.” 
And then, it happened. My whole body felt warmer and fuller than it ever had, and something warm began to flow out of me when he slowed his thrusts but pushed even harder right in that spot. I had experienced intense sexual pleasure before with both James and Adam that had caused tears to fall from my eyes, because that was a common side effect of sex between evolved human-like or formerly human creatures, but by the time the orgasm had tapered off, I was almost sobbing, not because it hurt, not because I was afraid, but because it had felt so good.
He expelled a deep breath and released into me. Gently, he laid me down so I was lying on my back, and I pulled him down so his body was resting on top of mine. My legs came up to wrap around his middle, and my arms came up to lock around his neck as his face buried beneath mine, and his lips pressed lightly to my neck over and over. His strong heartbeat pounded against my own, and I wanted to chuckle softly at the fact that our heartbeats were in sync, but I was so exhausted that I could not manage the sound. My eyelids were drooping closed, and I wanted to sleep with him over top of me until the end of time, but I also wanted to remain awake so I could feel his arms around me. 
When he regained some of his strength, his lips began to trail from my shoulder, across my collarbones, to my other shoulder, and then he came up to kiss my lips.
“Please tell me I did not just urinate all over you, because that is what it felt like.” I said softly, because I was too tired to speak loudly.
He laughed rather heartily at that and kissed me.
“No, my love.” He said, “That is a very common occurrence when a woman is stimulated where I was stimulating you.”
“Fascinating.” I said, and I meant it, “Well, either way, I am sorry that I expelled a strange liquid in your bed.”
“Oh, I will not allow you to apologize.” He said, “Because your strange liquid does not disturb me; it merely tells me that I have pleased you, and that makes me a happy man.”
“Did I please you?”
“Absolutely.”
“Good. Then I am a happy woman.” I said, and he chuckled softly, and in response to that sound I knew and loved so much, I laughed, too. 
“God, that laugh…” I said with a roll of my eyes, “It is so unbelievably sexy.”
“‘Sexy?’ This means ‘arousing,’ yes?”
I was barely able to reply “yes” because I was laughing so hysterically.
“I see. Well, everything about you is sexy to me.”
“It is too strange when you say it.” I told him, and he laughed even harder, as did I.
“I do apologize.”
“I will not allow you to apologize.”
“Alright. Then I will not. If my wife will not allow it, then I will not do it.”
“And alas, you just spoke the one sure way to ensure that you survive our marriage.”
“It is one way of many, I am sure.”
“Yes.”
“You will have to tell me all the ways to survive our marriage. I do not want to displease you.”
“Can I tell you something?” I asked him suddenly, and already, my voice was losing what little volume it had as sleep began to close its fingers around me. “And you had better not tell me that I am only speaking this way because I am devastated over James, and I have had a rather rough time of it out there, and I am traumatized, and because you just made me come like I have never come before, and whatever else.”
“You have my word that I will say none of those things.”
“I better.” I replied.
“You do.”
“And you had better not run for the hills, as they say.”
“We are bound in marriage by the laws of the good, righteous, and pious Old Spirits. Not to mention we are imprisoned. And also, not to mention, my unwavering desire for and dedication to you. There is always that.”
“Good, because it is that unwavering desire and dedication that I want to address.”
“Alright. Go ahead.”
“I love you.” I said, and believe me when I say that he was utterly shocked. He opened his mouth, not to reply, but because he had drawn in a slight inhalation of surprise. “I love you, Adam Elohimson, in every way that I could possibly love you, and though I miss James terribly, and I love him, too, I am glad to be your wife. And I am sure now that I love you.” 
 He wanted to reply but could not. Not with words, anyway. Suddenly, the beast of Pangaea, the almighty King, the oldest man, my husband, with his silver tongue, was speechless. Instead of answering, he kissed me, his hand running up my thigh, my middle, over my gently heaving breasts to rest on my face. When he pulled away, he had a tear in each eye that he allowed me to wipe away before he kissed my palm.
“I love you, and I am glad to be your husband.” He whispered to me hoarsely as a tear fell from his eye, “I promise you that I will love you and cherish you until the day that I leave this world, and even after. You are my equal, my superior. You are my partner in harboring our shared darkness. You are my partner in wielding our combined light. You are my queen. You are my love. You are my wife.”
I nodded, crying with him now.
“I promise you,” I said, “…that I will hold you as my equal, and as the love of my eternal life. I promise you that even if they take you from me, I will find you. I will always fight for you as well as beside you. I will be your staunchest ally in our fight against them, and you will be mine. I will be your support when there is none, I will carry you when you cannot walk…” We both laughed softly through our tears at that, because as you very well know, I had proven my ability to do that, “…I will never leave you behind. I will die beside you if your God wills us to die at all and wills us to die together, and if you are to die before me, you will die in no one’s arms but mine. And, most importantly, I will be your wife until the day this world stops turning, and even after.”
He smiled through his tears and brought my hand to his lips so he could kiss my ring finger. I brought his hand to my lips so I could kiss his.
“Now we are married.” I whispered. 
“Yes.” He whispered as he kissed me softly over and over again. “We are, my beauty.” 
“It seems we had our wedding night before our vows.”
“How sinful of us. No matter: we will have a wedding morning. And a wedding afternoon. And perhaps if we are lucky, we will have our wedding night again tomorrow.”
“Alright.” My eyes were closed, and his head was underneath of mine, rested on my chest. My hands were gently stroking his hair as my body began to slip away into sleep, but just before I dozed off, I whispered, “I love you so much, Adam Elohimson.”
“And I love you. Brynna Elohimson, I have loved none before you, and I will love none after you. From now until the end of time, I love you.”
All of what he said deeply touched my heart, but Brynna Elohimson? I especially liked the sound of that.
***
As I slept beside Adam that night, I dreamed of when I had first seen Penny again. It was approximately three days after I had been released into general population, and when the door had opened, and I had seen her for the first time, the tears began to fall before I could stop them.
“MAMA!” She screamed, and she threw herself into my arms before I had even come through the doorway. My knees collapsed out from under me, not because she was heavy or because the impact of her small body into mine had caused me to stagger, but because I had feared for so long that she was lost to me forever, and feeling her there in my arms, feeling her soft hair under my hand, feeling her tears on my shoulder, hearing her cries, feeling her heart pounding against my chest, assured me that she was not lost, her continued existence was no longer able to be questioned, her wellbeing was, for the most part, preserved.
“Hey, baby. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.” I whispered, as tears fell from my eyes, too, “I love you so much. Are you okay? I love you.”
“I was in the woods, and the scary tree monsters got Violet, Nick, Alice and Quinn!”
“I know, sweetheart.”
“And then I came back looking for you and Daddy…”
Oh, boy…
“…and you all weren’t there! And that mean lady with the hole in her face snatched me up like this…” She grabbed my arm really hard and pulled with all her might, “And when I bit her, she hit me! She hit me really hard, Mama.”
My anger knew no bounds when I heard that. I made a vow to bite off the other half of Mary Bachum’s pretty face. 
“She hit me really hard, but it’s healed now, and then she grabbed my hair like…”
“It’s alright, sweetie, you don’t have to show me.”
“And she pulled me along, and they put me here! I didn’t know where you and Daddy were!”
“I’m here, baby. I’m right here.” I assured her. I hated that she had been so afraid for so long. I hated that she had to think that every person she loved was gone, that she was all alone in that vast, dangerous, terrible world.
“We’re together again, baby.” I said, “Okay?”
“There are other kids here. Kids younger than me! And some big kids who are really mean. But there is a nice girl named Illa here who takes care of me. She lived in camp with us! Her mommy was a doctor.”
“I knew her and her mommy. She’ll look after you, sweetheart. You need to stay with her. Don’t leave her side. Let her watch over you when I’m not around.”
“I will. The guards are mean. They…” Her big blue eyes filled with tears, “They shot a boy!”
She was practically whispering when she told me the rest, and the tears streamed continually down her big, round cheeks.
“He was trying to jump over the railing into the ocean, and they shot him with a big gun. Illa covered my eyes, but I heard the bang. And I saw Daddy! I tried to call out to him, and I know he heard me, but he didn’t even look. He ignored me, Mama. Why? Why didn’t he come get me?”
Her voice was so small, and while she should have been hysterical, because she was a child, and children confront hardship and trauma with hysterical tantrums, as they should, she was whispering, and she was not sobbing, as she should have been, but she was merely crying softly. It broke my heart to know that she had seen so much chaos, so much tragedy, and so many upheavals in her short seven years that she did not even react to them in a way that a child should. Perhaps, in what is the cruelest trick of fate, she was no longer a child. Perhaps she hadn’t been since we had landed on Pangaea. James and I had tried to preserve her ignorance to all the world’s cruelties, and we had failed. But perhaps that is not our fault. I will take responsibility, even if it is unfair to me, because I do so often place the blame on my own shoulders, for whatever reason. It was not my fault or James’s fault or even Adam’s fault that the world was so terrible, and that as a result of its general awfulness, Penny had seen, in her dreams of the end of Earth, her first home utterly destroyed in fire, water, and waste, her second home in fiery ruins, and her third overrun by crazed religious zealots who treated her like an animal by herding her onto a prison ship with the other children who could not be saved. 
Watching her react like a little grown-up made me sad because it reminded me of how I had been after Luc had died. I had been responsible for soothing myself in my grief and for trying to cope with all Michael had done. Of course, things had gotten significantly easier once Penny was born, because I had loved her so much. But she had come along years later, when I was seventeen and about to be evicted from my “home,” and I use that word lightly, because it had not been a home for me in many years.
Of course, seeing Penny’s new maturity made the needy mama in me particularly depressed, because I could not stand the idea of her getting older. If we escaped the ship and somehow found our way back to the Allied Territories, she would want to go away to school or even just to explore the world. Maybe she would want to join the Armed Forces, or maybe she would want to join an Aid organization. Either way, she would want to leave the nest, and I could not imagine my life without her. I did not want to imagine my life without her. Selfishly, I wanted her to stay young so she would never leave me, and how terrible is that? 
“I miss Daddy.” She said softly, and the tears brimming in her big blue eyes spilled over, and her little arms wrapped around my middle so she could bury her face in my chest. Her little cries were so soft, so delicate, like she was trying to stifle them, and I remembered almost half a year earlier when we had been in Shadow Village, and she and I had had a disagreement over her behavior, and I had sent her to her room, and she had wailed for half an hour, until she was literally gasping and hiccupping. She had not stopped until James had gone in and coddled her, which had infuriated me at the time, but he had gotten her to apologize and promise to stop being such a hooligan. He always got to play the good guy, and I was always the bad guy, but my stars, I already missed it. I missed how Penny used to cry in a manner that was normal for utterly spoiled little girls now that she was crying like a little grown-up. I missed how James used to swoop in to play her hero after I played the villain, even though it had driven me crazy at the time. I missed having him there, for me and for her, now that he was gone for good.
Very carefully, so as not to allow the pent-up grief in my heart to free itself, I said, “I miss Daddy, too, baby.”
In a voice so quiet, I had to strain my ears to hear her, she replied, “I wish we could see him.”
Do not cry, Brynna, My mind urged me, but my mind’s voice was trembling under the threat of tears, too, and one tear escaped my eye to stream down my cheek.
“I know.”
Her voice was even smaller when she spoke again, and her tears intensified. As always, my smart little girl knew too much. She knew the answer to her own question before she had even asked it.
“Do you think he’ll come see me soon?”
It was my fault. If I had just kept distance between them… I had been selfish, wanting Penny to view James as her dad, though I had thought that my motivation behind allowing her to call him “Dad,” to see him that way, was so he could fill the void left by (and honestly, never occupied by) our real father. Or perhaps I just wanted us to appear as a family, to replace the one I had lost after Luc had died. Or perhaps I am being too harsh on myself once again, but I doubt it. As I looked into her eyes, watching as her tears fell, seeing his face in her mind, feeling in her heart her absolute, unyielding sadness, I blamed myself, because reacting with anger, either with myself or with someone else, is infinitely easier than feeling pain. Or perhaps reacting with anger is simply the way I have always felt pain.
How could I break it to her that James was irreversibly lost? How could I break it to her that he didn’t want me anymore, and as a result, he did not want her? I could not say those words to her; I could not allow her to feel as though it was her fault in any way. I had to tread carefully, but I did not even know where to begin. Honestly, if she had not seen him, I might have tried to say that he was dead. But then what if they ever crossed paths? She would inevitably get her heart broken, and either it could be done by me or by him, and because he felt nothing for us anymore, he would break her heart cruelly, while I would do my best to break it gently. 
When Violet had cut into me with the scalpel after I had been shot, she had been thinking of doing so gently. Then she had chided herself, saying that it didn’t matter if she cut gently or slowly, it would still hurt. The same can be said for breaking hearts: either I could do so gently, or James could do so cruelly, and it didn’t matter; the heart would still be broken, and it would still hurt worse than any other pain. 
“Why did they do that to him, Mama?” She whispered tremulously. “To you?”
I was holding her, and I was thinking of James. I was picturing us both being tortured, of the blue light that met my touch wherever it rested on him, of how his body had seized beneath me, how after days upon days upon days, he had begun to shed tears when they shocked him, until finally, he had broken, his body and his mind shattered, and he was saying that he didn’t love me anymore, he didn’t want me anymore… And because I was seeing all of this as clearly in my memory as I had seen it in the moment with my eyes, and because I was feeling the pain of it in my broken heart, she was seeing it and feeling it, too. 
“They took him away.” She cried, and her voice had risen a little bit as her sobs increased in volume. 
I hated how well she understood the permanence of it without me having to tell her, how her grief was so immediate, so intense. I wanted to take it all away. I wanted to reverse time, and maybe I could have, though I knew by instinct that the results of trying to turn back time could be even more disastrous, almost apocalyptically catastrophic. It was even more of a risk than trying to reverse death, as I had with James. 
“Why would they hurt him like that, Mommy?” 
She was demanding a response when I thought that I could get away with leaving all her questions unanswered. She was growing up so quickly, and soon, I would not be able to brush off those uncomfortable topics. In fact, in that moment, I was already unable to brush them off. So, with whatever was left of my will to think, I found words that I hoped would make it easier.
“Look at me.” I said, and she did. I grasped both of her hands and looked into her big, blue eyes that were identical to mine. “I am going to be totally honest with you, because I think you are old enough for complete honesty now.”
She nodded, looking a little nervous to hear the truth. I reminded myself to tread very, very carefully. 
“They hurt him because they don’t like us. They don’t like what we are.”
“That we’re strong, and good fighters, and we can use our powers?”
“Yes. They don’t like all of that, so they think it’s alright to hurt us.”
“But it’s not!”
“You’re right.” I said, and I kissed her hands. “You are so right, baby. They hurt us because we are different, and that is wrong. Isn’t it?”
“Yes.” She said emphatically.
“They didn’t like that Daddy and I loved each other so much. They wanted me to love Adam.”
“And you do love Adam.”
“I do. Yes, I do.”
“You love them both!”
“Yes, honey, I do.”
“But what’s wrong with that?!”
“Nothing. There is nothing wrong with that, sweetheart. The same way there is nothing wrong Tony and Tom, or Patty and Whitney…”
“They think there is something wrong with them, too? I just… I don’t understand, Mom.”
God, my little girl… She was so innocent. I had kept her shielded from the prejudices of the old world, which had still run rampant, even after so many years. When we had come to Pangaea, I had thought that we had escaped those prejudices forever. Because of my foolish idealism, I had allowed myself to believe that we could all live in harmony. We could accept each other’s differences, and as long as we were living happy and free lives, and we were not harming anyone, we could coexist in peace, but I had been wrong. So here we were, locked away because of our differences, and Penny could not, for all her knowledge and strange wisdom, understand why. It should have made me happy, that she was so confused by it. But instead of feeling touched by her ignorance to the world’s cruelty, I wondered if I should have prepared her for it. Maybe then, in that moment, she might not have had the weight of the world’s cruelty bearing down on her at once. Maybe she would not have had to face it head-on with so little preparation, with so little knowledge of how to deal with it. Once again, in my own way, I had tried to keep her young, because I was so afraid of her getting old. 
“Yes.” I said, “And they’re wrong about that. You’ve heard Mama and Daddy talk about the Old Spirits, haven’t you?”
She nodded.
“And Francis always talked about them. A lot of kids in school talked about them. They’re bad. All of them!”
“No.” I said, shaking my head, “Not all of them are bad. But a lot of them are. The Old Spirits don’t like anyone who isn’t just like them. They follow a silly God who doesn’t like anything or anyone who is different, but it’s alright, baby, because the One God or the Gods that our people follow aren’t like that. We’re not like that, because we choose not to be like that.”
“But you remember in church back home on Earth how Pastor Tom said that we’re not allowed to say mean things about anyone? We’re not allowed to tell other people they can’t be happy, he said.”
I was shocked that she remembered the times we had gone to church. I so rarely went, but when my mother started stipulating that Penny needed to attend church on weekends or else she would start keeping her from me, I spent hours on the internet trying to find a church in the metropolitan area that would not totally repulse me, and I had found one. This pastor was made well aware that I did not believe in any of his gobbledygook, but that I was there for Penny, and he had been so incredibly alright with that, though I could not understand why. He had been kind, and his sermons had been kind. I wished that Pastor Tom had come to Pangaea. We could have used him and his God.
“I know, baby. And Pastor Tom was right. But none of this matters right now. All that matters is that we are kind to everyone, and not only that we are kind, but that we accept everyone, as long as they aren’t what?”
“Hurting themselves or anyone else.”
“That’s right. That is the choice we have made, Penny. The Old Spirits had that choice. In fact, they have that choice every day still. They can stop. But they don’t want to. They choose to judge us, and hurt us if they judge us unfavorably. We choose to accept the people we have grown to love here for who they are, and to let them live their lives according to what makes them happy. What have I always told you about choices, Penny?”
“We all make them; there is always a choice, and even the smallest of choices can have the biggest impact.”
“Exactly, and even though we are here, locked away, because we chose to be good, we have to know that we made the right choice.”
“And maybe someday we’ll leave here.” She said with a slight shrug of her shoulder, “Maybe one day Adam’s God—the good God—will let us leave, because we made the right choice.”
“Maybe.” I agreed, “I hope so. But even if that doesn’t happen, we just need to remember that we chose to love instead of hate. We chose to accept people instead of judge. And that’s all anyone should ever choose. Right?”
She nodded emphatically once and said, “Right.”
“And most importantly, I need you to remember this.” I grasped both of her hands in both of mine, “Daddy loved you to the Earth, to the moon, and back again. You were everything to him, the same way that you are everything to me. He is gone now; he is lost to us irreversibly. But right before I lost him, we were right here.” I gently touched her forehead with the tips of my fingers, “You and me and Violet. He was keeping us right there so he could hold on, but they were hurting him so badly that he lost his grip, and now he is gone, baby. The Daddy we knew is gone forever, but he loved you so much, Penny. To the Earth, to the moon, and back again. Okay?”
She nodded, and then she leaned into me so I could hold her as she cried. I fought the tears for as long as I could, but since she was not looking up at me, I allowed a few to fall. When I closed my eyes, I half expected to feel him come up behind us, to say that he was alright, that he loved us both still. But there was no one in the room but us. 
“I love him still.” She told me after the worst of her sobs had subsided, “Should I try to stop loving him so much, Mama?”
I smiled slightly and reached out to put my hands on both her damp cheeks.
“Yes.” I said softly, though it broke my heart to say such a thing. “It is going to hurt forever if you don’t try to stop loving him, baby.”
“But what if I can’t?”
“You will.”
“And what about you?” She asked, “Will you ever stop loving him so much?”
After everything, I had never considered that question in depth. The Warden had asked me if I would ever forget him, and if I would ever stop loving him, and I had said that I never would. I had said it at the time, honestly, because it had felt rebellious, and because I thought that it might be true. But now, as I looked at Penny, and I realized that I was not the only one who had made her this brilliant little girl, and as I cast my mind backwards into the recent past and saw every moment with James that had always filled me with that warmth (the warmth that had been stolen from me by Tyre and his thugs), I realized that I had not been lying. I would always love James. Even in one million years, I would love him just as much. Maybe that is the nature of first loves. Maybe it is simply the result of him and me being joined so briefly yet so brilliantly. I had loved him, I had needed him, I had desired him, I had been so attached to him, and now he was gone, and I was nothing to him. The love he had for me had been stolen away and replaced by hatred and resentment that motivated him to physically harm me. But I loved him still. He was lost to me, but I loved him, and I would always love him. The grief I felt over losing him would fade as the years passed, I hoped, but my love for him never would. In fact, if my love for him would never dull, then neither would the pain of losing him. That might be the nature of first loves, too, and that might just be him and me. It doesn’t matter.
“No, baby.” I said, “I love him, and I love Adam, and I know that I will love Daddy forever, and I am almost sure that I will love Adam just as much, for just as long.”
“Then he’ll come back, Mama.” She told me, “Love can do anything! He always used to say that when he’d tell me stories! Love can make you strong, it can heal wounds, it can move mountains, and make oceans split apart.” I laughed softly, because I could hear him telling her those things in my memory, “It can bring him back, Mama. You love him so much, and I love him so much. We’ll bring him back. I know we will!”
For the first time, I found myself asking the question that always drove me crazy when people asked me.
“Now do you really know, or are you just speculating, honey?”
“I really know!” She said, and apparently, she found it just as irritating as I did. “I know that we’ll be able to bring him back. Just trust me, Mama.”
I looked at her, so fearful of her gift though I possessed it, so in awe of her brilliance though I had helped to foster it. I did not want her to have my gift, but she did. Perhaps she could see things that I could not. Sometimes, I willed myself not to look forward for fear of what I would find. Sometimes, my mind was too exhausted to function as anything other than a far above average human brain. But Penny was just beginning to exercise her power, and sometimes, I wondered if she could see that which even I could not.
“Say that you trust me.” She said, “Pinky swear.”
“Oh, Lord…” I said, and for the first time in what felt like an eternity, I was smiling. She extended her pinky with the strictest look upon her face, and I knew that I must not wrap my pinky around hers unless I was being totally honest with her; Penny’s pinky promises were not to be made lightly. When my pinky finally wrapped around hers, and we squeezed, she smiled her bright grin at me.
“I’m right.” She said, “I promise.”
“I believe you.” I said, “But you have to keep your gift a secret, right?”
“Right.” She said with another emphatic nod.
“Good girl.” I kissed her forehead. 
“When they take you away, when will they bring you back?”
“I don’t know, baby. I will do everything I can to make sure that it’s soon. I promise you.”
“Alright. Maybe you can become friends with the Warden?”
“How do you know about the Warden?”
“We all know about him. He’s the boss because Tyre’s not here.”
“Oh, is he?” I said somewhat more snarkily than I intended, “I never would have known that.”
“Stop.” She said, “Maybe if you two are friends, he’ll let you live with me!”
“Maybe. Tell you what, I will give it a try. I will try to make the Warden want to be my friend.”
She grinned and hugged me again, and I steeled myself to the accidental invasion of her mind. There was one way to befriend a man like the Warden, and I certainly did not want her to know how.
But even if she did not know how, I did know. The Warden was a danger to me. He was a monster, if the stories about him were true, and if I did not act to tame that beast, it would devour me. The only way to beat that place was to hold all the loose ends in my fist. I was the former King’s wife, and people would try to harm me or Penny if they could because of my status, certainly, but also just because they could. The only way to control the chaos was to tame it, and I would. As usual, Penny had been wise enough to come to a logical conclusion to which I never could have come: I had to “befriend” the Warden if I wanted him under my control. From that, I gained my own conclusion: I had to make the people of the Lapsarian my puppets if I wished to live forever. The only way to do that was through fear.
When the door closed, blocking me from Penny, I asked the guard to take me to the Warden, and he did, as though he had been expecting me to ask. When the door opened, the Warden was behind his desk, scribbling away on a piece of parchment with a quill. 
“So you realized that my gift to you was not a gift after all. It was a payment made in advance.” He said without looking up. With a flick of his hand, the guard left, closing the door behind him. “And now you have come to do the work for which I paid you.”
“Why must you make me sound like a prostitute?”
“I do not mean to.” Now, he looked up at me, “I am thoroughly impressed that you came here on your own.” He rose onto his feet, and began to saunter towards me slowly, “I do not wish to require this of you, Brynna, so I will not.”
“But is there any other way that I can keep you appeased? Honestly? Will the pleasure of my company be enough?”
“No.”
“But you will not let me see Penny if I do not appease you in some way.”
“No.”
“But you are unable to say that it is this that you require of me, because you do not want…”
“For you to feel forced.”
“But I am forced. You will not let me see Penny if I do not do this.”
“That is correct. But I so desperately want this to be your choice, Brynna.” He reached out his hand to me and expected me to take it, but I would not. With every ounce of my willpower, I was keeping him out of my heart. I was keeping my thoughts from broadcasting into his mind. My insides were churning when I thought about what I was about to do. I was consenting to it, but it was not my choice. That did not seem to make any sense at all, but it was how I felt. 
“Your powers stun me.” He whispered in my ear, and I had not realized that he had pulled me closer to him. “Your intelligence and your poise and your courage stun me. If you were a man, I would kill you, because you would be a direct threat to my standing as the Lord of War.” He whispered in my ear, “But since you are a woman, I want you. I do not want to love you, but I want to take you to my bed. More than anything, I want to take you to my bed. In exchange for this, I will allow you to see your daughter. I will allow you to do what you must to survive out there amongst them. All I ask in return is you.”
“I am very protective of myself. I am very, very particular about with whom I allow myself to be physically and emotionally intimate, Warden.” I said.
“Well, I require no emotional intimacy with you.” Gently, he wrapped his hand in my hair, and gently, he pulled my head back. “Tyre has told me how any emotion used to make you so angry. It used to turn your stomach. He heard all about how cold you were from his little spy. James Maxwell softened you.” He kissed my throat very lightly, “The First King softened you further, and look where you are now. Look at the hurt that they have caused you. Would it not have been easier to deny yourself that emotional intimacy, and just fuck when you wanted to fuck?”
He said that word, and I shuddered, though I did not know why. He had snapped at me when I had said it, but now, he was saying it to me. It was like a secret, one that felt in the moment almost as dirty and dangerous as the act that would surely follow our conversation.
“I admired that in you when I heard of it. When I heard that you had grown up with such a cold resolve to remain unfeeling. You left that path, and that disappointed me, but by the One God, it has not lessened my admiration of you enough to make me not want this, to not want you. Let me take you to bed, Brynna.” He whispered, as his lips slowly kissed my neck right up the center. “You will see your daughter, and I will feel that I am getting my due for my kindness. For this kindness I never thought I could ever show.” 
The harshly logical, totally unemotional, almost primitively cold part of my brain told me that it would not be assault if I said yes. It would be my choice, and it would be a means to an end. But God or Gods, the emotional side of me, the human side of me, the part that knew it was still forced, that it was still not my choice, was utterly sick with the idea of it. 
“I do not want to do this, Warden.” I said, “I am asking that you don’t make me do this.”
His lips moved over to the side of my neck now, and I tried to pull away, but he held me to him hard with little effort. My heart began to thump faster, my eyesight cleared completely, my breathing became a little more rapid, as I tried to pull myself out of his grasp. The animal was roaring to life inside of me, preparing to fight, preparing for the moment when he forced me down, when I would have to kick and punch and scratch and scream, and get myself away before he could do the worst to me.
“Please make this your choice, Brynna.” He urged in my ear, “It is merely a business transaction. Think of it that way. You allow me to call on you when I need you, I allow you to see your daughter. Don’t you love her? Don’t you want her to see her mother? Don’t you want me to ensure that no harm befalls her when you are not with her?”
I wanted to run away. I wanted to disappear into thin air. I wanted someone, anyone, to swoop into the room and make it all stop. I wanted him to drop dead of a heart attack, even though that cold, logical part of my mind told me that heart attacks were a dime a dozen on Pangaea, so the chances of any natural harm coming to him were just about zero. I could try to break away and run, but then who knew what would happen to Penny? I could consent, and know that it was not real consent. I could say no, and maybe he would force me down anyway. I could panic easily, but I could cry and beg about as easily as I could joyfully give him consent, so about as easily as I could spontaneously disappear from his room and reappear beside Janna in our bed. There were so few options, so few exits… There were no roads in my Sight that did not lead right there, with me letting me take him into his room, to his bed. 
“And if you deny me,” He whispered, and his tone was fiercer, colder, showing me that I was angering him with my indecision, “It will not just be your darling Penelope who suffers the consequences. I could easily repay Adam for this scar he bestowed upon me in our fight all those years ago. I could give him a scar of his own—right across his throat, while he is asleep. And your darling James, he might not feel a thing for you, but you feel for him, so watching me take off his head would hurt you so terribly, wouldn’t it? And without them, who do you have in the world? I suppose then you would be the machine you were before you came here, and that would be a blessing for you, but I know that is not what you want. So, what will it be, Brynna?”
My mind was sounding the alarm, confirming for me now that my consent meant nothing. He knew that my consent meant nothing. It was, in his mind, a courtesy, to give me the choice, to have my own lips saying that it was alright for him to bed me. It made it better for me than it would if he just dragged me into his room and threw me down. 
So instead, I let him walk me by the hand into his room, feeling for all the world like I had when I was a little girl, and it was Michael leading me into the room. 
For a man who called himself the Lord of War, though, I expected savage, animal thrusting, grunts, bites, and clawing, and I got all of that except for the grunts, but all of it was to a lesser degree than I was expecting. Plus, unlike Adam, and even unlike James, who had not had thousands of years to hone his lovemaking prowess, the Warden was fast. When it was over, he held his lips to my forehead for a very long second, his breathing heavy, his heart pounding, his voice whispering, “Thank you.” My mind blanked out, and when it returned, I saw that he was turned away from me while I got dressed. Once he had pulled his pants back on and buckled his belt, he opened the door to his room and instructed his guards to take me away. 
He had not been lying when he had said that it was only sex that he wanted. Before I left, though, he reached out, grasped my wrist rather hard, and instructed me to look at him.
“No one knows about this.” He said firmly, “Or the hell that I will rain down upon you will be the same as what would have followed you saying, ‘no.’ Understood?”
I had nodded, but then, I forced myself to say, “Yes, I understand,” in as emotionless a voice as I could muster.
The years went on. I saw Penny every night. I told her stories before bed, brushed and braided her hair, made promises I began to see could not possibly be kept, promises of freedom, of James coming back to us, of the world turning right again. I saw Adam once a month, when the doctors who had poked and prodded me said that my mess of a reproductive system might allow a child to implant. I said nothing to him or to Janna about what the Warden required of me, though as the days turned to weeks, and the weeks turned to years, it began to gnaw like one million writhing, gnashing termites through my insides. I saw the Warden twice a month, always when the doctors who poked and prodded me said I had the least chance of conceiving, and each time, the walk to his room felt like a walk to the Gallows, and each walk from his room was the time during which I chose my next victim.
Because for every time he required my company, I chose a sympathizer to his cause amongst the prison population, and I killed that person as brutally as I could. He did not know I was targeting them specifically because they sang the praises of the Old Spirits, or because they admired the Lord of War; he simply thought they started fights with me, and I finished those fights, which made his respect for me grow a little more every day. 
And so, I reanimated the cruel beast that had been young within me when I had smothered it into a coma that day I had found James in the woods and had begun to soften. I made that beast stronger, crueler, and angrier than before, and I knew that she was also so much more intelligent and infinitely more powerful than she had been in her youth. 
And just like that, Brynna Olivier was dead, and Brynna Elohimson was born. 

Quinn
“You ready, baby?” 
Her blonde hair was pulled up in a high ponytail on top of her head, and if I turned off my memory for just a second, I could convince myself that she was still seventeen, not just physically but literally, too. It took getting used to, seeing a teenager with a huge machine gun in her hands and knives all around her belt. Granted, I’m sure I looked just as young, and it took just as much getting used to seeing me loaded up with deadly weapons. 
She smiled at me, raised her eyebrows, cocked the gun, and said: 
“Always ready.”
She raised her eyebrows again and looked around at our unit.
“Alright, y’all!” She said, before beaming at me again, “Let’s move out.”
I watched her go, and as always, the sudden spike in my love and desire for her left me shaking my head back and forth to clear my mind. As always, I found myself saying out loud, “God, I fucking love that woman…” 
“Sanders, on my right. Pyles, on my left. Yates, Yang, Remizov, behind me, six steps back, triangle form. And Wesley,” She looked back at me, “Right behind me.”
“Yes, Commander Wesley!” I shouted back, and she laughed. 
“Alright.” She pulled a small object shaped like a baton out of a pocket on her belt and pointed it at the circular metal door in front of us. 
“For whom do we do this? Say their names.” She commanded, because this was how our unit got pumped up for battle. We had all lost someone, and before we put our lives in danger, we reminded ourselves that we fought for those we had lost. For some of our crew, everyone they had ever loved was gone. For some of us, like Allie and me, we still had people alive for whom we wanted to make the world a safe place. How many of our loved ones were living or dead didn’t matter; we fought to avenge the ones we had lost, and we fought to keep the ones living safe from the Old Spirit reign we had all been unfortunate enough to see spread to the farthest reaches of the world.
Everyone said the names of those they loved, of those for whom they were fighting. Alice and I said the same names, because we had lost the same people, and they were the ones we were fighting for. They were the ones we would never stop fighting for. Looking into each other’s eyes, we said their names, with quick pauses in between each, to pay each holder of each name the proper respect. 
“Tom Rice-DiAngelo. Tony DiAngelo-Rice. Rachel Klein. Joe Klein.”
We had learned that all four had been killed, though there were some who said that Tony had been imprisoned on the Lapsarian. Even after almost twenty-five years, we both still had tears in our eyes when we said their names.
“Violet Friedrich. Brynna Maxwell. Penny Maxwell. James Maxwell.” 
We gave them the names they would have taken. We had imagined once what we hoped had happened before they were killed, and we had imagined that Violet and Nick, and James and Brynna, had gotten married, and that they were happy for just a little while. A tear fell from each of Alice’s eyes as she spoke the names we had given them, as she imagined it, so clearly that we could almost pretend it had actually happened, that they had died with those names. A tear fell from each of my eyes, and as I always did, I wiped her tears away, and she wiped mine.
“Endless Anarchy. Red Revolution.” We said simultaneously, and then we turned to face the door, and she raised the baton again. After pressing the button at the back, three thin laser beams quickly joined to form one red mass which, right before our eyes, melted the metal in a rapidly growing circle of heat. The metal melted into a nearly blinding mess of yellow liquid, until finally, the area was open, and immediately, we were besieged by enemy fire. 
We were at the very top of the tallest building in the Pangaean city of Hollowshall. It was a northern city, very close to the side of the mountain range where the Bachums had made their camp in our first year. The mountains were off in the distance, black pointed triangles of shadow, and all around us on the outside viewing deck of that watchtower, snow and sleet were whirling and whipping against us. Though the Old Spirits were not allowed to harness their powers, they could not help it when they were threatened. In response, Alice and I sieged the natural territory; we began to use the snow and sleet against them so they could not use it against us. Though we had not made the harsh weather, we would certainly use what Mother Nature had given us to our advantage. 
In Hollowshall, there were four towers, including the one we were currently invading. All were used to keep watch both over the snowy wasteland outside the borders and over the populace within them. We had come in from the south, so it was the South Tower on which we stood. It shot straight up from the ground, reminding me of the drop rides back home that took riders to the top and then sent them plummeting back down, except this tower was probably quadruple the height of any of those rides. At the top, the observation deck on which we were fighting wrapped in a circle around the tower, so the guards could walk around its large circumference and see for miles in every direction. 
“Clear them out, get ready to jump!” Alice ordered, and we ran forward. Sanders was wielding his thick sickle, which he promptly began to slash through the Old Spirit troops who rushed him. Yates and Pyle were spraying bullets at the insurgents coming around the bend, while Alice and I were spraying bullets at the insurgents coming in around the other side. Yang, a Herculian, was simply throwing the men who stormed towards him over the low railing, and their screams could be heard only for a second before they were lost in the mile-long drop. 
Eight were able to escape us firing at them, and just as they reached her, Alice pulled a knife from her belt and stabbed one cleanly in the throat and then turned around, ducked what would have been a neck-breaking hit from one of the huge Herculians on their side, dropped down onto her knees, and stabbed him in the gut at least sixty times in half as many seconds. 
The remaining six insurgents I took out by throwing my small weighted knives at them one right after the other, hitting each squarely in the forehead.
“Nice, babe.” She told me when she stood up, and I took a small bow.
“I told you I’ve been practicing. Plus, I’m just good like that.”
“I know you’re good like that. You’re still bad about heights, though. Do you want me to put you on my back?” She asked, and she moved in front of me and crouched down slightly, “Here, jump on.”
When I knew none of the others were watching, because they were doing last minute checks on their parachutes, I hit her ass, and with an “ooh!” of surprise, she jumped up, turned around, and kissed me.
“See you down there, hot shot.”
I watched her stand on the railing and fall forward without a second thought to the five thousand-plus foot drop. 
“Hot shot?” I called after her, but really, I was stalling. We were up so high that there were clouds at eye-level, and as I gripped the metal railing of the watch tower, I felt my grip slipping because of how badly my palms were sweating. We were so high, what if the drop in pressure that we would inevitably experience as we fell caused the same negative effects as ascending too quickly in water? What if my parachute didn’t deploy? We could land gracefully on our feet from heights that would leave a human splattered all over the ground if he tried to jump from so high up, but there was no way we would not be splattered all over the ground if we hit after a fall from on top of that tower. I could think of one million ways that the jump could go wrong. I could stand up there for the rest of my life, thinking about it. But the doors into the city on the bottom floor were accessible only with a commander’s handprint, and we didn’t have time to find the commander and cut off his hand to unlock the door. So we had no choice but to jump. But I really, really, really didn’t want to jump…
“Come on, Wesley!” Pyles told me, “It’s only a little higher than the jump we did in Tetra Province.”
“We jumped off a ship in a Tetra Province, Pyles! Into water!” I shouted, and he laughed, saluted me, and back-flipped over the railing without even stepping up onto it first. 
I was the only one left, and I had to make the jump, but the cold metal slipping under my sweaty grip reminded me of the nightmares I had about heights, nightmares where I was trying to hold on while my body was dangling over a drop just like this one, but my grip kept slipping, until finally, I plummeted. I always awoke with a start, which caused Alice to awake with a start, and then I had to explain that it was the dream again… 
In times like those, times when you’re staring down what could possibly be the moment of your death, when you are scared that this drop will be your last drop, that this fight will be your last fight, they tell you to think of the names. That’s why you say them right before things get hot. You say the names so you remember that this fight, this fall, this whole war isn’t for you, it’s for them. It’s to protect the living and avenge the dead. As I stood on the railing, I pictured Brynna, James, Penny, Violet, Tom, Tony, Rachel, and Joe, hanged in the village square this time, but when I pictured the moments before their deaths, that is when the rage began to burn. I pictured them dragging Penny, how she would have been crying, how the rest of them would have been crying or cursing. Maybe they were hung. Maybe they were shot. Maybe the Old Spirits only killed them. The Old Spirit troops had been trained to never tell us. The Old Spirit superiors knew that not knowing drove us insane. So we would never know exactly how it happened. 
The only thing stronger than my fear, in every situation where I had felt fear, was my hatred of the Old Spirits. As I threw myself over the railing, as I felt the drop pushing my stomach up to my brain, as I felt my mouth open to scream, and my eyes watering, I pictured them all, happy and whole, back in Shadow Forest, all those years ago. Some afternoons, we had all just lounged around. One instance that stuck in my mind came right after Brynna had come home, and we were all so relieved, and so tired from worrying about her for three days. Violet and Alice knitting. Nick reading an old book by the fire. James, Brynna, and Penny, cuddled together on the couch, Brynna looking up at James, kissing him softly every few seconds. My family. Our family. Broken forever. Alice, Eli, and I were the only ones left. 
So I guess I should say that the only thing stronger than my fear wasn’t my hatred of the Old Spirits. It was my love for my family that I had lost. 
My parachute deployed, and within seconds, my feet were touching down on the paved street of Hollowshall, and I was detaching my parachute from my shoulders and running, pointing my automatic at the men running out from around buildings, from out of alleyways, from the doorways of the shops, some raining down on us from the much less intimidating buildings. I shot the ones in front of me like they were rabid, raging, running bulls, and I shot the ones in the air like they were a pesky flock of birds. Easily, I shot them, and I prayed this time that I hadn’t shot them in the head. They didn’t deserve an easy death. They didn’t deserve to die painlessly. I hoped that the bullets, which always broke apart, fractured inside their skin and shredded their insides to pieces. I prayed that they would lie there on the pavement for hours upon hours, soaked in the blood of their friends and fellow soldiers, and that it would take one of our cleanup crews finally ending their misery with a quick bullet to the head (a bullet they didn’t deserve) before they died. 
My ammo ran out, and because the number of insurgents had dwindled to the mere lower fifties, I pulled the crossbow from off of my shoulder. They were firing on me with guns of their own, but I was homed in, my mind operating in a totally mechanical, methodical way, slowing everything down, taking everything in: The three bullets shaped almost like a three-point heart, coming towards me from three different guns—hear the gun fire, see the bullets, move to the left, fire—one, two, three, four—three spurts of blood, three men with arrows in their necks, more bullets, this time I had to blur to one side (our way of saying “move so quickly to one side that we look like a blur,” just to clarify) fire again and again and again, blood spurting towards the sky, towards the darkened street behind them, bodies dropping, snow pouring, lightning crashing, hitting the marks—Alice always hit her mark when she controlled the lightning—and hail soaring towards three other men so quickly that they looked like Swiss cheese by the time they crumpled to the ground. She broke the knees of the last man one at a time, with two swift kicks from her leather-booted foot, and then, she pulled a baton from her belt, and bashed in his head with ease.
Quickly, my eyes scanned the carnage, and found that we had just eliminated one hundred and twenty men. These soldiers were foot soldiers, probably signed up the day before to defend one of what we call the “B Cities,” so big target cities but not the biggest target cities. We had not been expecting much of a fight, but what we had gotten was just pitiful. 
“Quinn!” Alice’s voice called, and I whipped around to find all six of them huddled around a body that was on the ground. Pyles was lying there, riddled with bullets in his back. They had come up behind him, and he had been too focused on what was happening in front of him. It had happened quickly. 
“It’s alright.” Alice told him, because she was cradling his body now, knowing that it was only a matter of time before his legs stopped kicking and twisting slowly, before his breathing stopped, and she was right; it wasn’t long. Alice whispered to him the whole time, and I held one of his shoulders while Yang held his hand. When he was gone, we carried him as a team to the sidewalk and laid him down away from the other bodies.
Our people and their people would not intermix, not even in death.
***
“Alright, Capitol Hall is this way!” Alice called back as she ran ahead of us. She was not even breathing heavily, and she was barely sweating. We were running through the snow behind her, already getting winded, but she was upright, sprinting, her gun swinging back and forth in her arms. Alice had a seemingly never-ending supply of energy. At night, when we were actually at home (which was rare), she stayed up, reading or just pacing, and when we were camped out on missions, she sat up, staring up at the stars if we could see them, or cleaning her guns, or again, just pacing. 
She just hadn’t been able to power down since we got word that everyone we loved there in our second world was dead. The only time I saw her smiling like she had used to was when we were out on missions, hunting down the Old Spirits. That’s why she took on so much work, because when she was out hunting, she was happy. Maybe. 
Sometimes, I swore I could hear Brynna. I could hear something smart or wise that she would say, and when I puzzled over whether Alice was only truly happy when she was out on mission, I always heard Brynna’s voice in my mind trying to help me answer that question:
“Perhaps she is not happy so much as merely content to indulge the desire of her heart to fulfill her plans for revenge.” She said once, and God knows that’s not something I could come up with myself. 
From wherever she was, she was still talking to me, but she never talked to me when I asked. For a long time after we had lost them, I called out into the void I knew existed (because I had been in it, after the trebestia had nearly taken my arm, my eyes, and had totally stopped my heart) for them, knowing that if anyone would answer, it would be Brynna. I had heard her telling James once about how Maura was always talking to her, and how sometimes, she thought she heard her mother. She took the fact that she sometimes heard her mother as a sign that her mother was dead, which, of course, we knew wasn’t true. 
But more on her later.
There in Hollowshall, I could smell something disgusting, and my eyes turned over to white as my mind registered the smell.
“Sulfur bomb!” I yelled, and simultaneously, the five of us dove for cover. Quickly, Yang threw a sulfur bomb in return, and in the flash of nearly blinding light, I watched an indiscernible body blow into pieces even more indiscernible. A whole reduced to indiscernible parts… I saw it all the time. 
“Let’s go!” Alice yelled, and she stormed forward, ripping into the throat of the first man who came charging through the door of the Capitol building, and after he began to convulse from the rapid loss of his blood, she kicked him backwards into the onslaught of men charging through the door. Because the man was pretty large, when she kicked him backwards with all her might, at least ten of the men charging through the door collapsed to the ground, and from behind me, Yang and Yates picked them off with effortless headshots. 
Alice pulled a grenade from her pocket and said, coolly, as always, “Grenade,” before pulling the pin with her teeth. The rest of the men tried to come charging through the door, but she had thrown the grenade inside the building, pulled the doors shut, stuck her longest knife in between the handles to keep the doors closed, and then calmly walked away just before the grenade detonated. The doors would have blasted off the hinges had her knife not been holding them shut, but she had not stuck her knife there to keep the doors from blowing off; she had done it to keep the Old Spirit soldiers from running out of the way of the bomb. Before she had even stopped walking away, she spun on her heels, walked back, took her knife from the door handles, pocketed it, threw on her gas mask, and walked inside. 
“All clear. Yates, find a car that will get us to Fogbeach. We’ll catch the ferry back to Luna Moors, make the drop, and then we’re done.
“Yes, ma’am.” Yates said, and he and Yang left.
“You know what I’ve been thinking?” She asked me, as we began to climb one side of the two sided, curved staircase.
“What?” I asked.
“I’ve been thinking a lot about Shadow Village lately. I mean, I always think about it. I can never get it out of my head. But here of late, I’ve been thinking… Do you remember when we wanted to be Deep Cover Agents, and Brynn and Savannah and James were all like, ‘No way, that’s ridiculous?’”
“Yeah, and now look at us.”
“Yeah, we’re not Deep Cover Agents. We’re just lowly grunts, you know? Exactly what we signed up for but didn’t want. What we took because they said it would be safer.”
“Well, if we’re looking at it relative to Deep Cover Agents, I guess we are safer.” I looked back at the thirty or so bodies, thought about the hundred or so out in the street, and about that ridiculous jump off of that tower. It was hard to believe that we were safer than Deep Cover Agents, but we were. 
“Yeah.” She agreed, “And we’re having way more fun.”
I looked at her, and I struggled not to say that sometimes I didn’t find the job fun. I just agreed, and pushed away the sudden resurgence of the guilt I sometimes felt at night, when I began to wonder as I drifted off if every person I had killed or had a hand in killing had truly deserved to die, when I began to realize that we killed indiscriminately, though we tried to make sure it was only their soldiers, but some of their soldiers were twelve and thirteen years old, and I had seen those kids dead, dead at my hands…
I had broached the subject to her once when we were at home in Luna Moors. It was after a particularly brutal run, when we had infiltrated the mountain camp where the Bachums had first made their home. We went through it like a hurricane, taking down houses and churches and their troops by rattling the mountains so hard that avalanches wiped everything out and saved us from having to do the dirty work. Before we got there, they had evacuated their civilians, and it was only their troops with their guns left, but we wiped them all out, and when we were picking through the deep snow, pulling up bodies so we could loot their valuables and steal their weapons, I saw more young faces wearing Old Spirit uniforms than I had hoped to ever see in my life. I saw young faces turned blue in the snow, eyes wide but totally blank, and sometimes these young men were burned or cut through beyond recognition…
“They are old enough to know that what they are doing to people is wrong, Quinn.” Alice had told me coldly when I had confided in her how disturbed I was by what I had seen.
“No, they’re not, Allie!” I had snapped, “Didn’t you buy everything your parents told you when you were thirteen!? Their parents probably tell them that it’s their duty to serve, that it’s their only way to get to Heaven, or whatever, so they do it! We have to…”
“What?” She had looked up from the book she had been reading in the candlelight, and her features had been resolute, her eyes set in stone, “Start trying to pick them out before we bring a mountain down on them? Save them? Bring them back here, and try to rehabilitate them? When you look back at the jobs we’ve done in the past two years, how much time do you think it has taken us to get in and get out? The answer to that is ‘no time at all.’ We don’t have time to decide who lives and who dies. If they’re standing on the frontlines, wearing Old Spirit colors, waving around guns, then they’re old enough to die for their cause.”
“Allie.” I had said, because I had truly been shocked to hear her say something so heartless.
“Quinn, we don’t have time to decide who lives and who dies. We try to keep the civilian casualties to a minimum, because in their case, we don’t know who is loyal to the cause and who isn’t. But if they’re willing to strap themselves with bombs and blow up our kids in our cities without worrying themselves over age, then we won’t worry ourselves over the age of their soldiers.”
I remember sitting down in the chair across from her, so angry all of a sudden that I had been trembling.
“So we should just do what they do. Just fight fire with fire, right?”
She had not answered right away. She had showed no sign of irritation. After a minute, she smiled, and it was a slight, quiet smile, like someone was whispering in her ear, telling her something she had needed to hear for a long time. I wondered if Brynna had made an appearance in Alice’s mind from beyond the grave, or maybe Alice’s mother had, or someone else. But when she had looked at me, and the torchlight had been reflected in her steely gaze, and she had still been smiling that soft, strange, contented smile, I had known that whatever it was she was going to say was from her, no one else. 
“We were fighting fire with fire when we signed up for this, Quinn.” She had said, “We’re killing them because they killed our family. It’s too late to play this game any other way.”
“But it’s not a game, Allie.” I had implored her, “It’s war. It’s innocent people dying while we all fight for what we think is right and what should be. It’s senseless. You knew that once. What happened?”
“What happened?!” She had snapped, and she had slammed her book shut and stood up, “Look around, Quinn!” 
It had startled me, how quickly she had grown so angry and so indignant. It had startled me as much as her sudden heartlessness. Grief had made her hard, and I couldn’t blame her for that. In fact, I had thought that I was strange, because my conscience hadn’t been similarly lost after everyone we loved had been taken from us in some violent, awful way. The rage burned in me, certainly, but I couldn’t view the Old Spirits as one entity or one evil that had to be eradicated without prejudice. I couldn’t help seeing them as individuals, being born to two other individuals, who maybe loved them. I couldn’t help seeing them as people who had been babies, then children, then teenagers (and some of them, as I’ve said, stopped there) and then adults, experiencing joys and sorrows, achievements and failures. 
More than anything, I could not shake one question, and it was this question that haunted me every day then, haunts me every day now, and will haunt me every day until my immortal life is taken or the worlds end: Who would they have been before all of this? Before the ascension of the Old Spirits, before the Almighty Split, before the Arrival, before the End of Earth… Who were they before that? I pictured those thirteen-year-old boys as young kids on Earth, playing cops and robbers with their friends, or lugging sports equipment to their games on Saturdays, or getting lost in a book somewhere, going to school every day, celebrating Christmas, dressing up for Halloween… Stupid, insignificant shit that didn’t matter then and certainly doesn’t matter now. But God, I picture it. To this day, I remember every face of every man I ever killed, and I remember especially well the ones who were too young, despite what Alice believed and said, to know what they were doing. And even the ones who were older, I still pictured them on Earth, and in those imaginings of mine, they were never extremist crazy people judging and wishing death upon anyone who didn’t agree with them. They were still so afraid—the world was a scary place on Earth, too—but they weren’t fighting for their lives every day the way they had been since the Arrival on Purissimus. They had been wild in their youth once, happy, carefree, looking at the future and all it held for them, graduating high school, then college, getting jobs, having families… There was a time before the war, before they were fighting to survive. I couldn’t shake the incessant need of my mind to picture who they could have been, who they probably were. They were never just Old Spirit soldiers to me. They were just people, and as it turns out, thinking that way was dangerous, because it hindered my ability to kill them when they needed to be killed, or to watch them get executed. I was supposed to be a man of war, not necessarily relishing in my ability to kill anyone I deemed worthy of death, but certainly able to do so knowing that when I had to kill, I was doing it for my people, for the Red Anarchy. But I had never believed in the Red Anarchy, either. I only loved my new family I had found there, and they were gone. That should have been enough for me, like it was for Alice. But my stupid mind wouldn’t stop asking “Who were they?”
I had seen firsthand that their cruelty was on a level few in our world or theirs had ever seen before. Lara Olivier had died four times before they were able to stabilize her. If Alice hadn’t given her medical attention in the woods, she would have died long before we could buy her decent care in one of the Unallied villages. It was the Old Spirits who had beaten her for so long and so severely that she was barely recognizable, until she was missing several back teeth and was blind in one eye. It was the Old Spirits who had lashed her so many times that the skin on her back was almost completely gone and had been replaced by deep, penetrating slash-marks. It was the Old Spirits who hadn’t let up on her until she was bleeding so badly internally that it was only a matter of hours before she would die, who hadn’t just put her out of her misery, who were going to let her die in total agony, because she was the one they had decided would bear the punishment for the Earth’s destruction. The doctors would tell no one but John about what they called “the other damage” but through the glass, we had watched John go white when they told him. Alice hadn’t spoken to me as we watched, not for a long time. She had only looked at Lara, who was laid out on the operating table with wires hooked all over her body to monitor her heart, with needles stuck all over her arms to pump her full of liquid Elixir, with tubes down her throat because her lungs had collapsed. All of it was pulling her back from the brink of death, repairing her slowly. The Old Spirits had done all of that to her. Tyre had commanded it, and they had acted. For two long years, she had been theirs. 
“God…” Alice whispered, and when I had looked at her, I had seen the tears streaking silently from her eyes, “She looks like Brynnie, doesn’t she?” 
By the time Lara regained consciousness, we had begun to find other Anarchy folks, and it was then that we received word that the Oliviers and James were dead. John waited to tell her until she had recovered, and through the glass, we had watched her shake her head, saying, “No,” over and over again, not out of grief but out of disbelief. 
When she had gathered enough strength, she used it to scream:
“I CAN STILL FEEL HER, JOHN!” 
And no one ever said that her children were dead in her presence after that. She was prone to moments of rage that left her screaming until she turned red, and until glass broke from the force of the sound, when she would hit him, push him, and scratch him like a wild animal. There were times when she would cry until she had deprived herself of breath for so long that she passed out. There were times when she wouldn’t talk to anyone but John until Eli turned up out of the blue. We had watched through the window into her hospital room as Eli held her, both of them crying. We had seen how he hadn’t let go for hours. Then, she started talking to Alice and me, minimally but never unkindly, though she still had her fits of rage and sadness just as intensely even six years after her girls had died. 
“It’s alright,” John would tell her patiently, even when she was physically attacking him, “It’s alright, baby. You’re alright.” He would just keep repeating himself softly until she calmed, and she always did, and only because of him. 
Alice sat at her bedside while she recovered and told her stories about Brynna, Violet, and Penny, but also about James and Adam, about how they had loved Brynna so much, and how she had loved them. Lara always loved hearing those stories. She was bedridden for a year, recovering from her terrible injuries, and Alice’s stories were what got her through. One night, I overheard them talking, and when I peeked in, I saw that Alice was holding her hand, and Lara was crying softly. When she was finally able to speak, her voice was choked with her tears.
“She was… She was happy? Very happy?” 
Alice had nodded, and I saw her cry for the first time in a year, for the first time since we had heard that awful news that they were all gone.
“Yes.” Alice said, “She was so happy, Lara.” 
Lara had only nodded at first, but then she began to cry harder. We all knew by then that that meant one of her fits was coming, but Alice hadn’t called out for John.
“Show Mama where you are,” She was saying through her tears, “Show me, baby! Show me, so I can come find you!”
“It’s alright, Lara.” Alice told her, “Everything’s going to be alright.” 
After that, Alice became the second person who could calm Lara down. They grew even closer, each providing a link to the people they loved most whom they had lost. Alice could tell Lara all about who her daughters had become in their new lives, and Lara was their mother—without her, they never would have existed—so Alice had a living link to them. 
Lara’s rages were the result of her animal nature trying to protect herself from even more harm, but her sadness was purely human. It was longing for her daughters, whom she firmly believed were still out there. She always found one phrase that she would cry out when that sadness took her. 
“I was a terrible mother.”
“It’s alright,” John would tell her, because they both knew it was true then but wasn’t true anymore, and she didn’t want or need him to lie to her about it. “You wouldn’t be now.”
“I deserved it.” 
“No.” He and Alice would tell her firmly. “No one could deserve that.” 
“Brynna… Brynna…”
John told us that for the longest time, Lara would only say Brynna’s name. Paul had told Brynna that her name was the only word that came out of Lara’s mouth, and for once, he hadn’t been lying.
After a particularly rough night with Lara, when her cries wouldn’t calm for anything, when she just wouldn’t stop saying Brynna’s name, Alice gently told her the story of Paul’s temptation. 
“He told her if she traded Adam and his wife, Janna, they would hand you and John over. She was still so angry with you, so she tried to ignore it, but she couldn’t just let them hurt you like they were. No matter how hard she tried, though, she couldn’t figure out if you really were alive, but she was going to trick them into making the trade. They brought her someone else, and after all hell broke loose, she asked Paul if you were alive. But he wouldn’t tell her, and she attacked him. She felt terrible for leaving you behind, Lara. It haunted her every day that we were here.”
“She had every right to leave me.” Lara had whispered. “I didn’t deserve her help.”
“She didn’t think so.” Alice told her, “She wanted you back, and she said that it was for Violet and Penny, but it was for her, too. She didn’t think you would want to see her because of… because of Luc…”
Lara, even after so many years had passed since her son had died, still winced when she heard his name.
“I’m sorry.” Alice said, “But she said she didn’t care. She just wanted you to be with Violet and Penny.”
It made her cry harder, hearing that. She cried into her hands, and Alice rested her hand on her shoulder gently and told her again that everything was going to be okay.
“But I love her.” Lara had said, as if Brynna should have known, or maybe that was just how I heard it, because even though I pitied her for all she had suffered, I remembered the stories the Oliviers had told me about how she had treated Brynna after Luc’s accident, and it made me angry. 
“I love her so much.” She said again, and I realized that she wasn’t saying it because Brynna should have known, she was saying it because she wanted, more than anything, for Brynna to know.
“I can feel her out there.” Lara said, “I can’t feel Penny or Violet, but she can, so I know they’re alright. But I can feel Brynna. She’s with me always. All these years, she’s been with me, and she’s still here now…” 
“Quinn, hell-ooo?” Alice called to me, and I snapped out of all those memories and looked at her. “You want to keep your head in this? We’re about to go down the Main Hall. Where were you?”
“Thinking about…”
“What?” She demanded.
“Lara. I was thinking about Lara.”
I hadn’t wanted to say her name because I knew that Alice’s eyes would ice over, and her features would darken. I could feel her heart trying to harden itself, only to have its defenses torn down effortlessly. It would be better for Alice if she talked about what had happened, but she refused.
“Why would you say her name to me?” She asked me, and her voice was soft yet dangerous, like a mine lying in wait. “Why would you say it at all but why especially would you say it here?”
“You asked me what I was thinking about. I was thinking about her.”
“Well, don’t! Not now! Not while we’re doing this!”
“What’s the first thing you’re going to beat out of him, Allie?” I asked, walking towards her.
“I will not talk about this right now. Not here, and not now.”
“They’re going to play you the same way they played her.”
“Stop it. Stop talking!” She snapped, and I knew that I was prodding her rage, which I shouldn’t have been doing, especially not there, but Alice’s constant drive, her quest for vengeance, her ability to only feel level when she was in the throes of combat, were not just the result of wanting to avenge the family we had had before the Fall. 
“She didn’t do it so you could die out here, Allie!” I snapped, “You think that’s what she wanted?” 
I remembered it, even after all the nights of her crying or screaming or both, when we were attacked at home in Luna Moors, and the Lord of War was eviscerating everything in his path, and when we were hiding, waiting for the moment he found us and killed us or worse, she stood up, hands in the air, and began to limp towards him, and John, fighting her influence over his mind, was trying to scream out to her, trying to get to her, but she let the Lord of War take her away, back to Tyre, who had never stopped tearing the world apart to find her, to find his fallen woman. She knew if she did not go, his brother would kill every man, woman, and child in our village until he found her, so she sacrificed herself.
John had been inconsolable, and if he hadn’t been consumed by the same rage as Alice, I know he would have just killed himself. He had lost everything, unlike Alice, who still had me. So Eli and John set out with a team to the North, Khaled Jalily (a man from Shadow Village whose whole family had been captured and imprisoned on the Lapsarian, including his three small children) and Luke, mine and James’s friend from Security, set out with a team to the West, and Alice, made Commander after her epic defense of Luna Moors, set off with our people to the South and East while Don held down the fort at home. Or rather, he sat around doing nothing except screwing women who wanted to screw him because he was the leader while others took care of the many surviving Anarchy folks. He was “being a figurehead,” he liked to say. Every six months, we went home, stayed for a while, and it was during those times that Alice was nearly unrecognizable to me. She was emotionless, except for the energy she had. Like I said before, she didn’t sleep any more than two hours a night, and she spent much of her time exercising, jogging far out into the Moors, through crags and caves she found, or doing pull-ups on the sycamore tree in our backyard. She never stopped moving, and our relationship didn’t really suffer as a result, at least not completely. Maybe it’s because despite my inability to be quite on that level with her, I totally understood her rage. Time didn’t heal wounds, it only opened them further, and when Lara was taken, any healing that had been done on the wounds caused by the deaths of Brynna, James, Penny, Violet, Nick, and the rest of our friends was reversed. Every year that passed made the original wounds a little deeper and made the new pain of Lara’s absence even more intense. 
We had three missions in our territories: 1. Listen for word of the Lapsarian, 2. Search for Tyre, who would have Lara, and 3. Kill as many Old Spirit troops and capture as many Old Spirit commanders as possible. 
It was the third mission that had brought us to Hollowshall, and when Alice kicked down the intricately carved wooden doors leading into the Commander’s personal chambers, we found a family huddled around a body, crying. Six children, one wife, and the Commander of the city dead with a bullet in his skull. 
I didn’t look at her, because I didn’t want to see the look of rage contort her face. I didn’t want to watch the idea of killing them all cross her mind, even though I knew that she wouldn’t act on it. They turned around to look at us, and the oldest son, a boy of about eight, grabbed the gun from his father’s dead hand, and pointed it at us. 
“No!” His mother yelled, and she dove in front of him and pushed his hand down. When she looked up at us, I saw that her eyes were dry. “I’m from Earth. So is she.” She pointed at her daughter, whose aging had stopped at around fourteen, “Please… just let us go. We’ll go to…”
“I don’t care.” Alice said, “Just go.”
She walked forward, snatched the gun from the boy’s hand, turned around, and calmly walked out of the room. 
***
We were back at base camp, surrounded by all of Don’s best and brightest soldiers. There were two hundred people in our camp total, and though most were from other cities and villages, quite a few were from our home in Luna Moors. Don had seen to it that we had all the comforts of home. Luna Moors was one of the more technologically advanced village-cities, which was strange because it was so isolated. I had thought that there was no electricity on Pangaea, though how I could have thought that, I didn’t know; they were so advanced in so many ways, how could they not have gotten electricity? Light in Janna’s village had come from fireplaces and lantern-lights, and we had counted running water, both hot and cold, as our biggest luxury. We had had no need for electricity, for televisions, radios, or even phones. If we had needed to speak to someone, we went to see them in person. If we were bored, we read or found people to hang out with and talk to. But Luna Moors was different, as were some of the other cities and villages we had seen. They had cars that ran on electricity and solar panels, cars that were as sleek as the cars we had had on Earth. They had little electronic gadgets like our Smartphones they used to stay in contact with people in their villages and in other villages and cities. They had small televisions that played news and nothing more. There was no Pangaean Hollywood churning out movies and television shows for our consumption, only the news anchors updating our Red Anarchy folks on the movements of the Old Spirits, or the non-military Red Anarchy folks updating the Red Anarchy citizens on the movements of the Red Anarchy military. 
In mine and Alice’s large tent, I laid on the cots, my back propped up against the pillow, and turned on one of the televisions, and not a moment too soon, because there was Alice on the screen, standing up straight, looking off in the distance triumphantly, wearing her tight black military uniform with the red Anarchy symbol emblazoned on the chest, holding up a machine gun with one hand and grasping the handle of a large machete with the other. The camera pulled away from the image to show her standing atop the piled remains of dead Old Spirits, and behind the image were the sound of drums beating and voices making primitive vocalizations, like war cries, in tune with the beating of the drums. 
“Freedom isn’t free.” Don’s voice said over the war cries, “For every one of us living in freedom, there are fifty or more of us imprisoned or dead. Close your eyes. Picture the faces of those you have lost. Say their names. They are gone, but are they forgotten?”
Her head turned from looking off in the distance, and she raised one eyebrow as she stared into the camera with that gaze of steel and fire.
“Well?” She asked coldly, “Are they?”
“Fight beside the best and brightest.” Don’s voice said, “Join the ranks of the RAAF.”
I hit the “Power” button on the remote and laid back just as she came in.
“I saw your commercial again.”
“I don’t know why you even turn on the TV.” She told me as she started to shed her uniform. “All they play is that and the other ads, and news that never changes.”
“‘Red Anarchy takes back Del Mar,’ ‘Possible Lapsarian sighting off the coast of Del Mar.’ ‘Is your neighbor an Old Spirit spy?’” I filled in for her, and she chuckled.
“Those are my favorite. ‘If your neighbor seems too observant, he is watching you, trying to learn your movements, and he might be a spy.’ ‘If your neighbor seems too unobservant, he might know when the next Old Spirit attack will be, which is why he does not seem worried, and so, he might be a spy.’ Those are hilarious. Well, until they…” She stopped, her smile faded, “Never mind.”
“I know.” I said, “Until they name names of people they have no right to mention.”
“Yes. They’re the worst. The ones who bring him up. He’s gone, and they have no right to say his name. They’re like those stupid gossip columnists on Earth. Like the stupid National Enquirer.”
“Hey.” I sat up and took her hands, pulling her over to me even though she had been in the process of putting on my t-shirt that she always slept in, “What do I always tell you? James was worth ten of them. They didn’t know him. We did, and we know he was a great man.”
“He wasn’t a spy. I know that it’s Don who started that rumor. He always wanted to step to James, and he couldn’t do it when he was alive, because he was scared shitless of him, so he is doing it now. James was never afraid of him, and he never viewed him as our leader. Everyone loved James, and respected the hell out of him, and Don hates that, so now that James can’t say anything about it, Don is starting these ridiculous rumors that he was an Old Spirit spy.”
“I know. But we know better, baby. We know Don’s an asshole, and James was totally on our side. One hundred and fifty percent, he was on our side.”
“We do know that, but what if other people don’t?!” She exclaimed, and she broke from me so she could begin pacing. She did that a lot, but she especially did it when we talked about them. Even after so much time had passed, she couldn’t stand to hear them mentioned.
“Kids could grow up thinking he was some kind of traitor, that he was lying to all of us, that he was lying to her… They said it’s too weird that he was with her for so long, that he must have been close to her because of her power, because she was so close to Adam. He couldn’t possibly have just loved her! Right? No, not possible! They say that Brynn was drugged up so badly when the Old Spirits invaded that they couldn’t get her to open her eyes, not even with Wake, and that he was the last person with her, so he must have drugged her, but God, you remember it! It has been years, but I know you remember how exhausted she was at that time. She had been up for days, keeping the village safe. She had just lost almost all of her blood. They hear this stuff, and they run with it, and it’s just rumors. It’s bullshit.”
“Allie…” I stood up, embraced her, and started rubbing her back, “I shouldn’t have brought it up. I’m sorry.”
It never helped her when I took responsibility for getting her upset. I swear, her eyes always flashed with guilt if she was looking at me, and if she wasn’t looking at me, it was because I was holding her, and then, she would tighten her grip on me. In those moments, I felt her pain and my own. I felt pain over not being able to help her, over not knowing what to say. I felt stupid for saying something that had set her off, and then I felt bad for thinking that I had “set her off” because it implied that she was some sort of time-bomb, and she wasn’t… 
And in those moments, I remembered the night we had found out that they were dead. The night we had seen the black and white photos of their bodies, of Violet and Nick, laid out, clawed and bitten and broken by the trebestia; of James, the back of his head blown off by the bullet, the hole in his cheek where it had come out; of Penny, so pale that her skin seemed to glow in that colorless photo, her eyes closed, her body covered with a sheet; of Brynna, lying on the slab next to James, covered in blood, eyes still open slightly, her stiff fingers rested over his, looking like they were holding on. We hadn’t known how she had died, but it had looked painful. How could they have faked those photos? There was no way that we could deny it wasn’t real. 
Alice’s cheeks had lost all color, and she had turned away, walking quickly, and I had followed after her, feeling the tears falling from my eyes, the breaths coming and going quickly, but I had not felt the freezing Pangaean night there in the mountains when I had gotten outside. Freezing rain was falling from the sky as she dropped to her knees, wrapped her arms around herself, and began rocking back and forth. When I collapsed behind her, she began screaming, and at first, I thought it was preceding a sob, but then, when I saw how red her face had become, how her eyes were blazing an even darker shade of red, I knew that it was rage. I threw my arms around her, holding her as she rocked back and forth, as she screamed until her body shook, until her voice gave in under the strain. But before that happened, she had started screaming out something over and over again, and I had not known just how serious she was until twenty years had passed, and she had never once faltered in staying true to her word.
“I will never stop! I will never stop! I will never stop! I will never stop!”
I hadn’t known what she had been talking about, but I had seen quickly that it was not just some random phrase her grieving mind had latched onto to express her rage, sadness, and need for revenge. She had made a promise to herself and to Brynna, James, Penny, Violet, and Nick, and she hadn’t broken it, even two decades later.
“I’m sorry, baby.” She whispered to me as she broke from our embrace, “I’m sorry for this.”
“You’ve said that a million times, and I’ve always said the same thing: You have nothing to be sorry for.”
“I do. This is nothing like what we wanted. I am not who I was when you met me.”
“Well, whether we were here or on Earth, you wouldn’t have stayed the same. You would have been different ten years down the road, twenty years down the road. You would have changed how you were from when we first met.”
“I am a fucking lunatic now, Quinn! I know I am, and I don’t care. By old-world standards, I have a serious problem. God, by this-world’s standards, I have a serious problem, and that is saying something. It’s almost the silver anniversary of them dying, and I still feel the same rage I did the day I saw those pictures. But I can’t stop, Quinn. I know we had our plan. Do you remember? The log cabin?”
I smiled, and she did, too, as we sat down on the cot, side by side. I remembered those conversations, and in my old age (because I was about fifty, give or take a few years), I could see how childish they were, but I remembered how we had both lit up when we talked about it, how we had planned it all down to the finest details. Of course, Pangaea had had other plans for us, and though there had been chaos, there had also been so much happiness. I could sense in her heart that it was that happiness she was seeing, not the pain of losing them, and not the fear she inevitably had to feel at the idea that she would die in this war, that it wouldn’t end before she could finish it, before she could avenge our family. But she was remembering those nights in the house around our huge dinner table that stretched through six rooms on the ground floor, those lazy days in the village, Tony and Tom’s wedding… 
“Do you know what I miss the most?” She asked me, and when I looked at her, I was shocked to see, for the first time since that night all those years ago, when we had first seen those photos, that there were tears in her eyes. “I miss the way Penny used to walk in between us and make us swing her. Remember that?”
I nodded, feeling the tears in my eyes now, too.
“I miss having a best friend. One who finishes my sentences, who knows all our jokes, who I can talk to about anything, no matter how weird, or dark, or mundane, like I did with Violet. I miss the way Nick used to get really sarcastic and keep his face straight, so we’d all think he was being serious. And with Brynnie…” The tears began to fall from her eyes as she looked straight ahead, “I miss her long sentences. I miss her secret sense of humor. Her secret kindness. I miss James’s jokes, how he always knew what to say. And with James and Brynna… I miss watching them meet up after work, how she’d throw herself into his arms, and he’d pick her up, and kiss her, and she’d laugh and kiss him… I always wanted that to be you and me, when we were older. When we were her age. I wanted us to be like them, happy and content and peaceful, all while we were living in our log cabin, away from all of this. And look at us.”
“It’s alright.” I told her, as I wiped the tears from my eyes, “We’ll get there someday, baby.”
She looked at me, and then leaned in to kiss me gently. After a long second, she pulled away, tears still falling, and nodded. With a sniffle, she straightened her back, brushed the tears away from her eyes quickly, and said:
“I hope so. But today is not that day.”

Violet
Macie was crying in her sleep again. My eyes opened, and my hands came up to rub the sleepiness from them. I had grown so used to her mid-night fits over the previous twenty years that I was barely panic-stricken upon being woken by screaming. Of course, once my mind was awake, it chided me for allowing my guard to drop. She might not have been screaming because Dr. Miletus was gone, or because she had had a bad dream, or because she missed Illa and hers and Dr. Miletus’s husband, because it all haunted her still. She might have been screaming because they had come to take her away, too. 
I clicked on the light once I was in the room, took her in my arms, and sat her up. In the dim light of the old lamp on the bedside table, she looked older, the crow’s feet around her eyes and the laugh lines around her mouth more pronounced because they were cast in shadow. She was still so pretty; I could see why Lucy and their husband loved her so much, but God, she looked so tired.
Her eyes opened, and tears began to pour from the corners of each.
“I woke you.” She whispered, and a soft sob escaped her, “I am so sorry, sweetheart. So, so sorry.”
“It’s alright.” I whispered back gently, “Really, it is.”
“It is not. You have much to do in the morning, and you need your rest.”
“It’s alright, Macie.” I told her, and I laid her back down on her pillows and then laid down beside her, “What were you dreaming about?”
“Lucy.” 
“She’s alright. She is so strong, Mace. You know she is. She’ll make it through.”
“It wasn’t her fault. They’re hurting her, and it wasn’t her fault.”
“I know.” 
“That bloody Caspar Elohimson…”
“I know.” I said, and the complete hatred in my tone was unmistakable. She turned over to look at me.
“We came so close to getting away. Then the baby…” She stopped, and the tears began to fall again.
“I’m sorry.” She whispered, “It was my fault, you know. You both should have left me behind. If you had, you might have gotten away. Or Illa would not have gotten herself in trouble, and she would still be here.” Her voice broke and more tears began to fall from her eyes, “Our poor Illa… I don’t even know if she’s still alive.”
“Turn over.” I told her gently, and when she turned onto her side and covered her face as she cried, I cuddled up against her back and held her, “Go back to sleep, Macie. I’ll stay right here with you.”
“Won’t Akio miss you?”
“He’ll be alright. You know he doesn’t mind if I keep you company when you’re not feeling well.”
“I know. He is such a good boy. He loves you so much. I thank the One God every day that you found such a nice boy amongst them, one who does not believe as they do, and that you two love each other so much. He is so kind. He is so smart, so able to pretend that he follows their ways. I thank the One God that he loves you, and that you love him, too.”
After Nick, I had sworn to her and Lucy that I would never love anyone again, and they had gently told me that I would. 
“I know your pain. I am experiencing it myself, sweet girl.” Lucy had told me as I cried silently against her chest in our shared cell after they had recaptured us. “But you will love again, for you are young. I promise you.”
She had been right: I had run into Akio daily in my job at the hospital, and he had been very kind to me. One day, very carefully, he whispered to me that it was all bullshit (that is, all the Old Spirits believed was bullshit), and he knew it. I had thought that he was trying to trick me into saying something blasphemous, and that as soon as I agreed with him, Paul would come rushing around the corner to cart me off to the Gallows, but when I had agreed, almost out of reflex, because it felt so good to say it out loud (albeit very quietly) again, no one came to take me away, and Akio and I were inseparable from that moment on.
“Everything alright?” He asked from the doorway, his black hair standing up straight on his head, and his eyes, though half-closed still from sleep, somehow looking alert despite his obvious exhaustion. I looked up, smiled, and nodded.
“I am sorry for stealing your sweet girl away.” Macie told him.
“Oh, you know I don’t mind. Are you sure you’re alright, Mace?” He asked her.
“I am alright. Just feeling strange again, that is all.”
“Feeling strange” was Macie’s way of saying she felt very sad, or very angry, or very listless. “Feeling strange” was how she had come to define her illness. They kept her medication from her, because her illness was “gifted” to her by their God to make her strong. 
“Okay.” Akio said, and he gave me double thumbs-up, which was his way of questioning whether everything really was alright, and I gave him double thumbs-up back. He smiled, and I smiled, and when I looked at Macie, I saw that she was smiling, too.
“Oh, stop.” I said with a grin, “Though don’t really, because whatever it is you’re smiling at is clearly making you feel a little better.”
“It is you at whom I am smiling.”
“Why?”
“Because you love him so much, and I am glad for it. I am so thankful for it.”
“I know.” I said, and I laid down beside her, “I am thankful for it, too.”
“When do you think Lucy will be home tomorrow? When will they release her to you?”
“I will be there at the break of dawn. I will stand out in front until they release her to me.”
“She will not tell me what they do to her. She never does.”
“She doesn’t tell me, either.”
“It isn’t her fault, what happened.”
“Of course it isn’t, Mace.”
“I can feel her fear. She is ingrained in me. Her essence is part of mine, and I can feel her fear from far away. I can feel her pain. My sweet Lucy…” Her voice broke, and just like that, all traces of her contentment from earlier had gone, “My Luciana…”
“Shh… It’s alright, Macie. Everything’s going to be okay. She’s getting released tomorrow. She’ll be right back here with you. She misses you so much, but she’ll be back tomorrow. Just go to sleep, and when you wake up, she’ll be home. I’ll bring her home.”
She nodded and closed her eyes. Just like every night, she cried herself back to sleep.
***
They walked out in a line, shackled together one in front of the other at their necks, by their wrists, and around their middles. The first man was unshackled, and I recognized him from our days in Janna’s village. He had sold herbs and tonics for couples to enhance their sex lives. He had gotten out of that trade, obviously, once the village had fallen to the Old Spirits. Now, he packaged medicinal herbs and salves. “A much less exciting endeavor, but it will do until the tides turn,” he had told Dr. Miletus when we had stopped to talk to him in the marketplace.
“Who will claim this man?” 
There were twenty or so other people in the crowd with me, and out of them, a young man, no older than thirteen, stepped forward. An older woman, his mother, I presumed, stood behind him tensely. 
“I claim him.” The young boy said, and when the guard released his grip on the man’s shoulder, his wife and the boy remained tense. I had been there twice before to claim Dr. Miletus, and I had been there to claim Illa before she had committed three crimes and was taken to the Lapsarian. All of those times, I had seen that just because someone stepped forward to claim their loved one didn’t mean that the guard wouldn’t shoot their loved one in the back of the head as they walked away. It was all just a game to them, though they swore after a sudden execution that they had been sending a message, one of which God would certainly approve: if you violate the Sacred Law, your punishment will be swift, brutal, and random. It will occur when you least expect it. But really, those executions were just for fun.
The man was returned to his wife and son, and his wife embraced them both gratefully.
“You are dismissed.” The guard said, and with their shoulders still tense, their backs held taut, and their eyes facing forward resolutely, they began to walk away. My heart pounded as I tried not to watch them go; everyone in the silent crowd was looking ahead at their loved ones. If no one was watching the man, maybe they would not shoot him in the back. If they did not have an audience, maybe they would spare him. In my peripheral vision, I could see that he was between his wife and son, and he had one arm around his wife’s shoulders and one arm around his son’s. The worst sudden execution that I had seen had been of a woman accused of adultery. She had not been executed outright because the charge had not been proven; her husband had died randomly, tragically, of a heart attack before he could testify against her, though I knew nothing about that. Except that I did know, because we had done it, Lucy, Akio, Macie, and a few like-minded others. Paul, with his ever-watchful gaze, must have suspected foul play, because though the High Court found her innocent (and yet sentenced her to one week in lockup simply because she had given her kind, benevolent husband reason to doubt her loyalty to him), the guards had shot both her and her teenage son there in the city square. Lucy and I had been there to claim Illa, and when I had gone to look at Lucy in shock, in horror, and in sadness, because we had lost this woman despite our quiet efforts to save her life, she had grasped my wrist and shaken her head very slightly. We could not give away that we were disturbed by it, that it meant anything to us. So we had stared straight ahead as the men burned their bodies right there in the street, knowing that Paul, with his ever-watchful gaze, was looking at us from somewhere where we could not see, looking for a reaction. 
The man from Shadow Village was spared, and I tried not to breathe too obviously in relief. The next person to be unshackled was a woman I did not recognize but could tell was originally from Earth by the way she smelled. It was a faint odor, one of pine trees, gasoline, and salt water, of summer rain and static electricity, of smoke and burning rubble and endless fields of wildflowers, all at the same time. It still clung to me then, too, and though it sounds as though it would be rather unpleasant, Macie informed me that she found it to be utterly intoxicating when she even happened to notice it, which was rare. I drew in a discreet yet deep breath through my nose to take in that scent from the woman as she was brought forward to be claimed, and for a moment, the nostalgia became so overwhelming that I had to close my eyes. I decided that because she was from my home, despite the side she had chosen in The Almighty Split, (which I could see she was regretting then), I was rooting for her. I was praying with all my heart that she was spared.
“Who will claim this woman?” 
A man, presumably the woman’s husband, stepped forward, grabbed her roughly by the top of the arm when the guard pushed her towards him, and carted her off towards the West Village End. They did not even pretend to want to shoot her, because they knew that she would receive worse at home. I watched her go until she was out of sight, until that scent of home we shared had finally disappeared.
Lucy was next, and my heart picked up the speed of its beats from a quickened gallop to a full-out sprint. My palms were sweating, because Caspar was beside the guards, smirking at Lucy, and when our eyes met, his smirk deepened. 
Oh, God… My mind gasped, They’re going to do it. They’re going to shoot her…
“Who will claim this—”
“I will.” I said instantly, and I walked forward before they had even unlocked the shackles around her wrists, neck, and ankles. 
If her wrists were only bruised, then I knew that it had not been as terrible as it could possibly have been, but if her wrists were bruised and bloody, I knew that it had been the absolute worst. The large iron cuffs came away, and I cringed at the sight of red. Before I could open my mouth to say something, anything, she took my hand and began to walk us away.
“Goodbye, Lucy!” Caspar called, and I thought that our bodies were as tense as they could possibly be, but when he spoke, our shoulders raised even higher and our hands locked together like the skin had suddenly fused. We both expected to hear a gunshot, and I expected her to crumple to the ground, dead or dying, and she expected them to shoot me, too. We kept walking, expecting to hear the shot, or perhaps only feel it, even if only for a split second before we were gone. 
When we rounded the corner to head towards our home, we both breathed a sigh of relief, and I reached up to wipe the tears that had been streaming from my eyes all along but that I had not felt until we were out of harm’s way. I was clenching my teeth, holding my lips together firmly, trying not to make a sound. But when her fingers entwined with mine, I lost it. A sob escaped me, and I turned to her, shaking all over, and threw my arms around her neck. 
“It is alright.” She whispered softly as I tried to stifle the sound of my hysterical cries in her neck, “It is alright, my sweet girl.”
“Are you okay?” I managed to ask.
“I am perfectly alright. I am back home with you, Millie, and Macie, am I not? How could I not be alright?”
“You’re in pain! You can pretend like you’re not, but I know you are.”
“Yes, and I will take some Slumber Root when we get home. Calm down now, Violet. It is all over now.”
I pulled away from her and wiped the tears from my eyes hastily.
“I should be comforting you. You shouldn’t have to get out of there and comfort me.”
She smiled, brushed my hair away from my face, and kissed my forehead.
“Stop all of that.” She told me in a tone that was gentler than I was used to hearing from her, and with my hand held in hers, she led us back to our home.
***
I placed a cup of coffee in front of her, and she thanked me before returning her eyes to what looked like a cigarette burn in her forearm. It was much too large, though, to be only a cigarette burn. Her green eyes, still so piercing, even after all she had suffered, bore into mine when she caught me staring. 
“He is smoking cigars now.” She told me lightly, “Big and powerful man that he is, why wouldn’t he be granted the privilege of sharing cigars and brandy with Paul and Tyre’s other closest allies?”
“Lucy…” I said, because I knew that inside, she still must have been reeling from what they had done to her, though I knew she would never tell me what it had been exactly. I had asked before, and every time, she had denied me an answer or even a vague suggestion. It was none of my business, I knew, and why did I even need to know? It would only hurt me to know how they hurt her.
I gestured to the burn that she was struggling to wrap on her own.
“Do you want me to do that for you?”
“No.” She replied, “Violet… You must stop thinking that I have been weakened by this. What they do to me they do to my body, nothing more.”
“So, what? Your mind escapes? It blocks them out?”
“Your tone tells me that you think I am lying. That it is not possible to escape physical pain by retreating deep into oneself.” She told me almost absent-mindedly. My eyes were fixed on her hand as it wrapped the bandage around her arm, “I will let the salve sink into the burn and then I will remove the bandage and allow it to breathe.”
She was telling me that to reiterate for the millionth time what to do in the event that I was burned. Lucy did that frequently, with various treatment procedures for various injuries: Broken bones? The green-salt seaweed wrap from the dead seas; black eye? Snow and Slumber Root; internal injuries? Elixir. She told me all of this so that in the event of us being separated indefinitely, I would know how to take care of myself. She had taught Illa those things, too, before Illa had been taken away. Wherever she was, if she was still alive, I hoped that she was making use of her mother’s advice.
“So you don’t, like, scream or anything?” I asked her, and I didn’t know why I was asking. I didn’t want to know. But I did want to know. Why did I want to know what they did to her even though I knew how it would make me feel when she told me? If she told me. She had never told me even the tiniest detail.
She looked up at me, her green eyes ignited with small, indignant sparks of red in the center of each. I had done it now.
“Violet Mae.” She said, her voice terrifyingly calm, terrifyingly even, terrifyingly firm. “I will not discuss this any further. Drop it now. Let it go.”
If her tone of voice was terrifying, then the look of fury in her steely eyes was downright petrifying. I managed to tear my gaze from hers and look down at the table first and then at her bandaged arm. To my great surprise, I saw that her hand was shaking very slightly, and when it came to rest over mine, I felt that her palm was somewhat damp with sweat. She thought that I wouldn’t notice, but I had. Lucy Miletus was known for being essentially an automaton who never showed even the slightest flicker of human emotion. She was a brilliant doctor, despite her icy nature. When she needed to be kind, she could be. I had seen more of her kindness than I had ever expected to see, given that I was not her child. I was not related to her at all. She and Macie had taken me in, had cared for me in the same way that they cared for Illa. But I had never seen Lucy shed a tear since that night in the bunker, I had never seen her scream or cry, except after their husband had been killed, and even then, I could see her trying to shut off her grief and regain her cool composure. 
“Something is troubling you besides this.” She told me, “Tell me.”
That was one of her other skills: detecting any kind of emotional upset in me and rooting it out.
“I just hate when they take you away. It is so unfair, Lucy.” I whispered, so quietly that I thought she hadn’t heard. “I hate that no matter how hard I try not to picture it, I find myself thinking of all these ways in my mind that they are hurting you, and I am always so afraid that they are doing the worst to you, the way they did the worst to Maura…”
 “He has never hurt me that way, Violet.” 
“Not even that night I can’t remember?” I whispered, and when my eyes met hers again, my tears began to fall, because I remembered a few moments from that night with Caspar back in Shadow Village. I remembered watching him push her face-down onto her desk, hold her there by the back of her neck, and press himself up against her. I remembered holding her down in the dirt at the edge of the ash-circle and laughing as she begged me not to push her over. I remembered hearing her making her a deal with Caspar, though I could not remember the details of it. 
“No.” She told me, and both of her hands enclosed over one of mine. She brought my hand to her lips and kissed it. “No, sweet girl. I do not want you to think of that night anymore. You don’t need to remember it. By the One God’s grace, you don’t remember much.”
“I still feel this awful guilt over it, even now. It’s been twenty-three years, Lucy.”
“Yes.” She said. She grasped my chin gently and raised my head so I was looking at her. “I wish your darling sister were here so that she could affirm this, because I told her when she came to see me right after it happened. When she promised me that she would take care of it. I never blamed you for it. I was never angry with you. I pitied you, Violet. I was afraid for you. You were so close to him at that time, and you did not see what he was. I wanted him away from you. But I was never able to blame you for any of what happened. I knew that he had not told you how far things were going to go, and I knew that he had given you something to make you enjoy the experience with no guilt.”
“He didn’t tell me that’s what it would do. He didn’t tell me what he was going to do to you…”
“I know.” She told me softly, “You are telling me everything that I have known for all of these years.”
I nodded, and she wiped the tears from my eyes. All she had said certainly reassured me, but I could still feel the hollow pit in my stomach as I looked at her bandaged wrists, and at the bandage around the burn in her arm. Once again, I vowed to find the strength inside of me to kill Caspar. 
Once again, I scolded myself angrily for not taking his head when I had had the chance.
***
My episodes came on without warning, though they always occurred in the evening. I would be sieged by a sudden dizziness, one that was so terrible that I would lose my balance and immediately crumple to the ground. I would be panicking, and I never knew if the panic had begun before the dizziness hit or after. By the time I hit the ground, Lucy or Macie were generally with me, picking me up, putting me in bed, laying with me until I fell asleep, which tended to happen rather quickly, thank the One God.
Except when I was asleep, I would always have a dream that was the same and yet different every time. I would see her in the prison, in a dark, windowless cell, her arms stretched to their farthest limits and shackled to the wall, and Caspar just sitting in front of her, watching her.  
“This is what you need. A man’s discipline.” He would say. Her wrists would twist against the cuffs keeping them bound, and the longer she struggled, the worse the wounds. Sometimes, it was just him, but other times, his friends would join him. They never touched her, not in that way, anyway, though lashings—the go-to punishment of the Old Spirits—were not uncommon. They just sat and stared, or when he lashed her, his friends would egg him on, because they knew watching her was somehow worse, because they knew that it made her more sick than doing the unspeakable would make her. She never cried, not unless a man I had never seen before came to visit. When Caspar left, this well-dressed man would come in, grasp her face in both hands, kiss her, and then just hold her. Caspar’s cruelty couldn’t break her, but this man’s kindness did. In his arms, she would weep softly, whisper that she was in pain, that she was so tired, and he would inject her with something that made her sleep. Even after she drifted off, he stayed, holding her, keeping her warm by wrapping his coat around her shoulders. On his arm, he bore a tattoo of an eagle spreading its wings, and that made me think that he was American, but when he spoke, his accent was distinctly Pangaean. When she awoke, he would be gone, and Caspar would be back, and all traces of her earlier tears would be gone.
I saw all of it like it was happening, but I could not have seen it even if it really were happening. Only Brynna had that power, to see what was and what could be. I only had the power to see what would make me the saddest or angriest or most afraid.
“I am very tired, so I am going to rest until I must go to work.” She told me through a yawn that she stifled with her hand. She stood and began to walk towards her and Macie’s bedroom. “Macie was alright while I was gone?”
“Better than last time, but she still woke up crying for you.”
“My poor love.”
“She took Slumber Root early this morning, which is why she is still asleep.”
“I figured as much. She will only take Slumber Root when it is you who offers it to her. She tells me to shove off. So stubborn, she is. She always has been. I swear, Illa learned it from her.”
“Yeah, right!” I said with a laugh, “You passed Illa your stubbornness right through her umbilical cord.”
“Did I?” She asked through another yawn, “I don’t believe it. I am not stubborn at all.”
“Right. And I’m not dramatic.”
“Point taken.”
“Hey! That is so rude.”
“Goodnight, Violet.”
“Goodnight, Lucy.” 
***
I fell asleep on the couch in the living room and was awakened by the sound of glass breaking. My eyes opened, already white, with my pupils elongated so I could see. My nose picked up the smell of other humans, and my head jerked in the direction of the window out of reflex, searching for the one that had been broken or for faces pressed to the other side of the glass. 
“Idem Slits!” A voice yelled, and several others roared the same in assent. I went running out of the house, hearing a chorus of “Idem slits” and “dykes” all the way down the hill. Earthean Old Spirits and the original Old Spirits, sharing a moment of cruel-hearted mischief at our expense. 
Our house was situated at the top of a hill, like we were a cluster of witches in some cautionary tale for children. To them, we were worse than witches; Macie and Lucy were infected with the disease of “sameness,” and the only reason why Paul allowed them to remain together was because of the abuse they suffered for their “choice.” I was treated in a similarly abusive manner because I lived with them. 
I sprinted out onto the hill, ready to break into a full-out charge, though I had not used my enhanced running abilities in many years, because I was forbidden to use any of my enhanced abilities. Before I could run after them, though, Macie had run out of the house, grabbed my wrist, and pulled me back gently.
There were two large windows on either side of our door. They had already destroyed the awning over our porch, and now, one of the windows was shattered, and there was red paint written across our door reading “Idem,” which just means “same” but is used derogatorily in the Pangaean form for women and men in same-sex couplings. It is a sick, vile word, holding more violent power than any word should have been able to, and to add “slits” on the end (which means “cunt” in Pangaean; why they did not just say “cunt,” I didn’t know, but just like idem, slits sounded worse than its Earthean-English counterpart) is particularly heinous. 
We would fix the broken glass; it was only a window, they could have hurt one of us instead, or they could have burned our house to the ground (which they had tried to do before). Despite the fact that it was only a rock through a window this time and some really offensive graffiti on our door, I could not shake my anger that was perhaps irrational. I hadn’t changed much from when I was actually seventeen, and not just physically seventeen, as I was then and still am, so when I got angry, I still cried. Hot, angry tears poured from my eyes, so Macie took my hand and led me back into the house. 
Lucy was in the living room, sweeping the glass into a dustpan, and when Macie saw her already trying to fix the problem, she kissed my forehead and went into the kitchen to get a bucket of soapy water for the outside.
“We might have to paint again. Any more scrubbing, and we won’t have any more paint.” Macie said absent-mindedly as she walked outside.
“Akio will do it.”
“Akio cannot come here anymore.” Lucy told me somewhat harshly, “You know that. Caspar is already suspicious, and if he takes his suspicions to Paul…”
“I’m surprised he won’t just deal with me himself.”
“Well, he won’t.”
I didn’t ask why he wouldn’t. I had learned not to ask her that. She dumped the broken glass into the trash bin and started to carry it towards the door.
“What are we going to do about the window?”
“I will stop by and ask the Guild to send someone over to fix it.”
“You know that they’re going to harass you. They always do.”
“Yes.”
“They are the ones who did it, more than likely. Fucking rednecks.”
“You and that word ‘redneck.’ Are you sure that there are any here on Purissimus? Or are they called something new here?”
“No, they’re the same ignorant hicks that they always were.”
“But were hicks not Southern?”
“They were, but…”
“We are in the North.”
“It doesn’t matter, Lucy.” I snapped at her irritably, because I knew that though she was not smiling, she was messing with me. 
“Alright.”
“God, you’re annoying.” I told her, and after I had left the room, I heard her chuckling softly. “I heard that.”
“You heard nothing.”
***
“Hey.” A soft voice said from behind me. I was taking a patient’s blood for a mandatory check-up, and both my patient and I looked at the window when we heard that voice. He was hiding by then, because he had been unaware that there was someone in the room with me. I bit my lip, trying not to smile, and when my patient asked who it was, I said that it was probably just some silly kid. After my patient left, though, I opened the window all the way, reached down, and whacked Akio hard on the top of the head.
“Way to go, loser! You almost got busted.”
“Well, how was I supposed to know that you were actually working? Half the time when I come by here, you’re sitting around doing nothing.”
“Yeah, that’s because I only get work when we’re overrun with people like we are today. There have been seven new cases of the Blood Plague. You do not even want to come in here. Thank God Lucy is Lucy, because she gets work regardless of the fact that she has a vagina, shockingly, and honestly, she’s going to be the only person who can do something about this thing.”
“Well, she was the Top Medice on Pangaea for a while there.” He hopped up with ease into the window despite the fact that it was six feet above his head. We both used our powers when we knew they weren’t around to see, because suppressing them was almost as difficult as suppressing the natural instinct to breathe. The evolution that had taken hold when the world we had known was dying was enmeshed in our DNA now, and just because the Old Spirits had outlawed showing any signs of that evolution, we could not resist when it was just the two of us.
“Try, like, one hundred years that she’s been Head Medice. Maybe more.” I corrected him as he laid down on the bed where my patient had been laying and outstretched his arm to me.
“What did you need to take his blood for, anyway? Was he near the church when that…” He visibly tensed, “Since it… You know, exploded into red?
“‘Exploded into red’ is an understatement. It spread in thirty minutes, and by the end, every man and woman in that place had bled out completely through their mouths, noses, and eyes. They think that asshole, Sanct Phillip, had it, and when he was preaching, he coughed onto someone accidentally, and that started it. But thirty minutes, babe. No disease in either Earthean history or Pangaean history has ever had an incubation period of thirty minutes. God, it’s fascinating.”
“Oh, is it? I’m pissing in my pants right now, and you’re fascinated.”
“Oh, don’t worry. I’m sure Lucy will handle it. I just want to know where it came from. That’s why we’re checking people’s blood. We’re trying to catch it early, so we can study it, so we can get samples from each stage of the virus, if there even are stages. There might just be the ‘Holy-fuck-you’re-bleeding-out-of-every-orifice-in-your-face’ phase. This is a legitimate medical crisis, and we have no idea where it came from. Again, it is fascinating.”
“Again, it is terrifying.” He told me. Suddenly, his eyes bugged, and he grasped the sheets beside him but then immediately pulled his hands away from them. Very gingerly, he sat up, his back rigid, turned so that his feet were on the floor, and stood up. 
“Tell me I did not just lay on some infected bed-sheets.”
I giggled hard at that and covered my mouth to make sure that the sound was not too loud.
“You did not just lay on some infected bed-sheets.” I told him, “The only reason why they think he has it is because his pupils are really dilated, and the whites of his eyes are red. He might just have allergies. Or he might be using Phantasm.”
“Oh, God, I love Phantasm.”
“No, you don’t.”
“I know.” He sighed, “So, when will Lucy and Macie let me sneak up to see you again?”
“Well, according to Lucy, you can never come to our house again.”
“Not even to fix the window?” He asked, and I gaped at him, “Yeah, I heard. Word travels quickly among us blue-collar lugs. The mines we work in are dark and deep and full of secrets.”
“Well, it’s not much of a secret.” I said bitterly, “They came up this morning right after Lucy got released and threw a huge rock through the window. Then they ran away screaming ‘Idem slits! Idem slits!’ Fucking hicks.”
He reached out and took my hand, all evidence of his joking mood totally vanished.
“I’m sorry, babe. It sucks.” 
“Yeah.” I said, still just as bitterly, “It does. It sucks even more now that Lucy won’t let you come over.”
“She means well. You know she does. She’s trying to protect us. Your paramour would probably kill us both if he knew that you were seeing me behind his back. I still have my scars from the last time he found out. Plus, I still have the deal I made with him hanging over my head.”
“Don’t talk about it.” I told him, because my throat was clenching, and I could feel the tears rushing into my eyes. My hand came up to wipe them away as he sat down beside me. He took my hand in both of his, brought it to his lips, and kissed it. When I looked into his eyes, I saw that he was smiling, and even though two tears escaped from my eyes, I found myself smiling, too, in expectation of what he was about to say.
“Maybe he’ll get hemorrhagic fever and die.”
I couldn’t help it; I burst out laughing. It was so simplistic, and it was obviously very wishful thinking on our part, but it was just the blunt way he said it. Like he was wishing for something innocent and childish, like a pony, and not wishing for someone to die a terrible, painful death.
I kissed him before pushing him back on the bed.
“Whoa! I do not want to have sex on the potentially infected bed-sheets of a man with the Blood Plague. Not romantic, babe!”
“Oh, shut up and stop being such a stereotype of a woman.” I said, and I reached out, pulled the cord for the blinds, and in the second it took for the room to go completely dark, I managed to feel and recover from the full pain of using one of my sister’s old expressions.
***
Akio and I split off in separate directions to keep from arousing any suspicion. I had been sent home with less than half a day’s pay, and I had to get milk from the market, so I went off in that direction, all the while internally stewing about having eighty denariuses when under Adam’s rule, I would have walked away from half a day’s work with at least triple that in his currency. Even after so much time had passed, I still remembered our time in the house and in the village. Sure, those times had been rife with the issues that absolute freedom inevitably brings, but at least we hadn’t been living like Lucy, Macie, Millie, and I were living with the Old Spirits. Thinking about how our lives had been when we were living under Adam’s rule versus how we were living under Tyre’s rule always depressed me. Obviously, living under a tyrannical leader hell-bent on installing a brutal theocracy is not fun, but to know that he had killed the six people I loved most in the world—Brynna, Penny, James, Nick, Alice, and Quinn—was the absolute worst part of it. I probably should have been more disturbed by the fact that we were living devoid of basic human rights and freedoms, but I was, perhaps selfishly, concerned most about the personal toll his rule had taken on Lucy, Macie, Millie, and me. 
My eyes wandered in the marketplace. The women were walking silently, talking almost in whispers and always with their eyes downcast from the shopkeepers. Men who were not noble hurried their wives along, keeping them close, so that the Holy Order guards would know that they were spoken for. I was alone, but I, unfortunately, was still spoken for; Caspar spoke for me, the same way he spoke for Lucy. He was not “bedding” us both, because that was a sin, but we were his responsibility, and because he was so busy, he could not accompany us while we completed our trivial daily chores. So, I stood out like a sore thumb, as they say, there in the marketplace, because I was a woman walking alone. 
“It’s for your protection,” They had said in our training, “Though we are all good, we make mistakes. We do not want harm to come to you because you are walking alone and a man is suddenly besieged by his desire for you. Of course, punishment against that man would be swift, but he would not die, because his desire is part of him. So, you must be accompanied by a man.”
So they decreed it. It was so stupid. 
I secretly wanted someone to step to me, but all the men who would be “besieged by their desire” for me kept it under control because they were afraid of Caspar. He was known for making his deals, for getting stronger each time he did. He could rip a man in two, literally. He had survived when I had stabbed him, he had survived being stabbed by two others, being shot… Once, a man enraged by his son’s execution (which Caspar had ordered) stole a bottle of booze from his boss’s private stores, stuck a rag in it, lit the rag on fire, and threw it right onto Caspar. Though he had been burning, he had still ripped the man’s head clean from his neck, and the fire had extinguished in the wind that had whipped up from nowhere. Everyone feared him. They thought he could not die, and maybe they were right.
The reason why I wanted someone to step to me was because I had been yearning for a fight for twenty-three years. Lucy and Macie kept me calm, because they knew that being Caspar’s squeeze would not save me from the punishments that his superiors would order for me if I provoked an uprising simply by showing the slightest resistance. “Think of Millie,” they always said, and I did, because she was like my little sister. She reminded me so much of Penny, because Millie’s age was stuck at five, and she was blonde and blue-eyed just like Penny had been. 
“Hello, Violet Mae.” A voice said behind me, and I spun around, suppressing my urge to punch the man who had suddenly appeared squarely in the face.
Paul.
“Hello, Paul.” I said, and speaking cordially to him, even when I was so obviously faking it, made my skin prickle. 
“What brings you here today?” He asked.
“I was sent home early from the hospital, and Lucy asked me to grab milk on the way home.”
“Oh, good. How is Lucy these days? I trust she has rehabilitated from her time behind bars?”
I stared at him for a moment, and then picked up the glass milk jar from inside the cooler, hoping that my long, pointed glare would be a rude enough response to his question. 
“And Macie? How is she?” He continued, still sounding chipper even though I had ignored him. “Most importantly… How is Millie?”
My stomach soured. My palms began to sweat. He was smiling pleasantly, the way he always did. But the fact that he had randomly mentioned her… I couldn’t tell Macie. It would make her sick again. She would end up in bed, crying for days. It might have been an innocuous mention, but my gut wouldn’t let me believe that it was. 
As if on cue, a group of them walked by. The kids from the Joined Hands Academy. Led by a woman dressed all in white, with her hair pulled back in an austere bun, they were wearing all-white uniforms, lined up in rows of four behind her, alternating between girl and boy lines. They were staring ahead, some smiling softly, some just staring, but no matter who walked by them, their blank eyes stayed trained forward. 
“Look at them.” Paul said serenely, “They are so happy.”
Kids were “chosen” to attend the Joined Hands Academy. It was considered the greatest honor that could be bestowed upon any family. When the Septas came knocking, the mother and father were supposed to collapse onto their knees and thank the One God before handing their child over willingly. The vast majority of parents did exactly that, but there were some who resisted. They had seen how those kids would walk, their backs straight, staring ahead, just smiling, and they knew that it was not normal. They were most certainly not happy. 
“They’re drugged,” Akio had said once, “Maybe Phantasm. Maybe they have stores of Armistice like what they had on Earth, and they’re drugging them up.”
But the thought of them always made my stomach churn. My instincts told me that it was not drugs, it was something fundamental. It was a change struck deep into the core of each child, implanted there only God knew how. No parents were allowed inside the Academy. Once their child was “given,” they were offered to the One God, to be used in his service. What that meant, I didn’t know, but apparently, the Joined Hands Academy was not unique to our city. They were all over our world, in all the Old Spirit territories. 
The thought of that actually made bile rise in my throat. There was something so wrong with them. As downright awful as it sounds, I thanked God that Penny had been lost, because I know that they would have taken her from Brynna and James and turned her into one of those strange, lost children. At the same time, I wished Brynna had not been lost, because Brynna, with her powers of the mind, could have brought them back. I stared after them as they walked, feeling the chills twisting all around my spine even after the group had been gone for several minutes.
“So, how is she, Violet?” Paul asked me again.
“She is fine.” I said, and I forced myself to continue being something close to polite, “Thank you for asking. I have to go now.” I had gotten the milk and wanted nothing more than to get as far away from him as possible. 
“How soon after they come for her do you think it will be before Macie ingests some nightshade?”
He had come up behind me, grasped my arms, and held me back to keep me from walking away.
“And what about Luciana? Do you think her famous strength and resilience and iciness will withstand the pain of losing her daughter? Her last link to Millen?”
Macie would be destroyed. That much I knew for sure, and I could not bear to think of my life without her. Lucy was the strongest woman on Purissimus, easily, but could she survive losing her daughter, especially in that way? To them? She would see her in the street, walking, staring, smiling… I would not be able to stand it, so Lucy, one of her mothers…
She was strong, but she was not unbreakable.
“What do you want, Paul?” I asked him.
“I need you, Violet.”
He had needed Brynna, too. That had ended in disaster. I had to tread carefully, or the same would happen here. He had not won over Brynna, though he had played her. Maybe he had won, but I will never admit that he did. If she were still alive, she would have had her vengeance on him, but she was dead. So yes, he did win. But not to me. Never to me. 
Brynna, I thought, I need you now. Watch over me. 
And maybe she really did whisper to me, or maybe I heard what I wanted to hear. But I heard her voice in my mind, as clearly as I could see the day around me, as clearly as I could feel the cool Pangaean breeze on my face. I felt her in my heart, felt the harsh yet alluring pang of nostalgia in my chest that was always present when she was present.
Right here, baby. 
And just like that, I was strong. Smart. Ready to play his game.
“For what do you need me, Paul?”
“For an act of sabotage, of course. It seems that I am about to be usurped by none other than your dear love, Caspar.”
“No, you’re not.”
“I am. We have the highest casualty rate for our men in Duty out of all the Holy Cities. They are shipped out, their training fails them, and they die. Tyre has been talking to the Lord of War, who says that it is a disgrace to him as leader, and it is a disgrace to the One God, so Tyre is furious. We have more imprisonments per quarter than any other district. We have more executions. At first, he thought that I was being tried. I had been given the most difficult populace by chance as a means of testing my faith in the One God. My ability to use His teachings to influence the lives of others is being put to the test. But I have failed my test, if it is a test, and now, he wants a harsher rule.”
Paul’s rule was already quite harsh, as these re-tellings have attested. But Caspar’s? Caspar’s rule would go down in history as the worst, I knew. He would enslave us all, forcing every man and woman to make a deal with him for their lives and for their children’s lives, and where Paul bent the One God’s old rules, Caspar would uphold them all, to their most literal meaning. I wondered sometimes if either one of them truly believed, but whether they did or did not was irrelevant; Tyre believed they did, so they were given absolute power. What they did with that power was up to them, and Caspar would do the worst.
“So, what do you want me to do?”
“What I want you to do is very simple: I want you to kill Caspar.”
I was shocked, rightfully. We were standing in an alley, far away from the eyes of the others in the marketplace. Still, I looked around frantically, feeling like the brick walls surrounding us were listening and watching. I knew no one was in earshot; Paul would have guaranteed that, but still, I worried that someone might have overheard. Even though I could see that no one had, I still whispered when I finally managed to come up with a response.
“I tried that once.” I murmured, “I stabbed him so many times that the knife almost broke, and he lived.”
“Well, then, think of a more foolproof way, and kill him. Twice now, I have tried, and both times, he crushed the men I sent in before they could even get close to him. He is always watching, always waiting. His power is boundless, Violet. He cannot read hearts and minds like your sister, but he is stronger and shrewder than any man alive. He has the strengths of both his birth father and his adoptive father, and none of their weaknesses. Well, he has one weakness, and that weakness is you.”
“Caspar doesn’t trust me as far as he can throw me.”
“Well, though he could literally throw you quite far…”
“Thank the One God I didn’t mean it literally.”
“Regardless, I understand.” He reached out and took one of my hands, which I immediately pulled away. “Violet… I am desperate. We do not get to retire. Commanders and Governors and Sanctums… We are not simply asked to step down and then allowed to go off and live a quiet life. We are sent to see Heaven, and I do not want that. I have far too much to do. I have far too much to offer the world.”
I had never seen him so worried. His hair was slightly disheveled, and he had not trimmed his long beard in days. His eyes were slightly wild, totally devoid of the hint of cool amusement that was always present within them. The man who pulled all the strings was losing his grip, and he did not know how to cope. Well, that’s not necessarily true. He did know how to cope; he coped by devising a plan, and his plan was to send in an assassin to kill Caspar, and who better than me, because with whom was Caspar more enamored than me?
“If you called on him for a meeting, he would receive you with no question. He lives for the moments when he can see you.” 
“Not here of late. He’s wanted nothing to do with anyone, actually. Not that I mind, as the sight of him churns my stomach and sickens my heart.”
I sounded quite Brynna-esque when I had said that…
Caspar, as it turns out, did not want me around all the time. His “infatuation” with me had not been lessened after I had stabbed him, but it was lessened by whatever it was that was occupying his mind there in our city. Maybe his desire for solitude was the result of his need to scheme, or maybe it was because he was constantly worrying about how to stay in Tyre’s good favor. In fact, sometimes I think he spent most of his time scheming about how to usurp Tyre, how to become the most powerful man in the unfree world. I liked to believe that his obsession with me had lessened, and he didn’t care to have me in his presence anymore. But then he would show up at the hospital to try to talk to me, or he would bring something to the house that he knew we needed. In the latter moments, I wondered if he was there to see me or to taunt Lucy. Either way, his presence was roundly unwelcome. 
I remembered when he had found out that I was seeing Akio, and how his heart screamed envy and hurt and betrayal, but he had said nothing to me. Instead, he had charged Akio with something utterly ridiculous—theft or coveting or something equally unlike my boyfriend—and had him lashed in the city square. Afterwards, he had forced Akio to make a deal with him. He could keep his life so long as he never put a life inside me. If I became pregnant, Caspar could close out their deal by killing Akio and the child, too. Akio had taken the deal, because he could either take the deal, or he could die there in the cells of the prison. 
So far, we had not conceived, and I thanked the One God for that every day of my life. Lucy was able to feel my belly and tell me whether or not it was suddenly abuzz with a little life, and every time, she had told me that my womb was mercilessly vacant, in response to which I always cried in complete and utter joy, and she would laugh with me, hug me, and tell me, “Good job.” 
“Do this for me, Violet. Call on him, get him isolated, get him drunk.” Paul told me, “Whatever it takes. Wait until he falls asleep, and then take his head. It is the only way to kill him. Stabbing him in the heart, shooting him between the eyes, burning him… None of that has worked. But he cannot re-attach his head, now can he?”
“No.” I said, and I looked around again, “Caspar has a way of knowing these things, even when no one tells him. It is part of his power. He has a grip on everyone and everything, including me, including you. He will smell it on me the second I walk in, Paul.”
“Not if you know how to keep the scent of it off of you.”
“And how do I do that?”
“By being afraid of something else. That is where I come in.”
“You are going to scare me? That is supposed to make me want to help you?”
“I am helping you, Violet. This will scare you, but I am telling you this to keep you abreast of what is happening here: Millie is going to be taken.”
Dizziness took me. Almost instantaneously, my body collapsed into the wall, and my sweating palms reached out desperately to find the bricks, to place my hands against their solid surface so I could keep myself on my feet. Vertigo is rendered inert by touching a hard, flat surface. Brynna had told me that.
Breathe, Her voice said, He is not winning, Violet. He is desperate. He is coming to you for help. Remember that. Breathe. 
“You want my help, then you had better help me.” I hissed at him, when I had regained myself. “You will tell the Academy that they can’t have her.”
“Of course. If you do this for me, I will redirect their gaze to another child, though they feel that Millie must be saved from her idem parents, from their morbum.”
From her “same” parents. From their “sickness.”
“But I will keep them away. I will allow you to keep her.”
He was regaining his composure. That mischievous glint was in his eyes again, and the smile had returned to his lips. 
“I will also do you one better.”
“What exactly could be better than keeping Millie out of that awful place?”
“I don’t know. How does me releasing you, Macie, Millie, and Lucy sound? Not only will I release you, but I will tell you the exact location of the Lapsarian, so that you may procure their dear Illa and whomever else you may find.”
The thought of it made my heart soar. I pictured leaving that place, getting as far away from the Old Spirit territories as possible. They were all over the seemingly endless world, but much of the land was unaffiliated domain, and though the Unallied were dangerous—perhaps more so than the Old Spirits—we would take our chances out there. We would be free to use our powers, we would be free to run, free to hunt, free to fight when we needed to fight, and free to kill when we needed to kill. We would be free. 
“You are going to be much easier to convince than your sister was.” He said quietly, “Aren’t you?”
“Yes.”
“I must advise you to think carefully about this, Violet. He is very dangerous.”
“You don’t care if he finds out about this and kills me, so why are you telling me to think carefully? Do you want me to change my mind? I’ll take your deal, Paul.” I outstretched my hand to him, and he clasped mine in his firmly.
“I do care. Do you want to know why?” He pulled me closer to him and whispered in my ear, “Because you have much work to do, and that work will not be done here. I am not ashamed to say that my allegiance is to the winning team, and it is my true instinct that this team will not be winning for much longer.”
“Why is that?” I asked him.
“Because your sister is alive, Violet. I have heard the stories of who she is now that she is imprisoned onboard the Lapsarian. And her fire is strong. Stronger than it ever was. Soon, it will burn everything in its path.”
Brynna had not believed him when he had said that our mother was still alive, but I believed him now. His heart was not lying. She was out there. She was on the Lapsarian, waiting for us to find it so we could free her and the rest of them, and then, together, we would wrest control of our world back from them, and be free again.
 “You know what she’ll do, once she finds her way out of there.” Paul said, and before I could answer, he did, “She will tear this world apart so she can assemble it again to her liking, and I do not want to be one of the pieces she discards. My only wish is that you will tell her of the moment I freed you when you see her again, and that when she comes looking for all those who aligned with Tyre, she spares me her wrath.”
“What makes you a sudden believer in my sister? Did you suddenly develop her gift of foresight?”
“No.” He said, with a shake of his head, “I visited the Lapsarian, and saw the beast for myself. She is not who you knew, Violet. She has taken many lives, and she will take many more. Her power there is almost absolute, and those who follow her will remain loyal even after they have stepped onto dry land once again.”
I believed him. From the bottom of my heart, I believed him. If there was one thing I knew, it was that Brynna could become what he had described, that she could wield that power over others so easily even without exercising her gift. I believed him, and even more resolutely, I knew what I had to do.
If I could barter for my freedom, and for Lucy, Macie, and Millie’s freedom, for Millie’s life, and for my sister… There was no question. There was nothing to say but “yes, absolutely.” So I did say it.
“I’ll do it, Paul.” I said, “I’ll kill him.”

Grace
“I’m not your friend.”
I was standing in front of James, biting my lip, wanting to bite my nails, even though he had told me not to do either in the elevator. My eyes were on the floor, on his desk, on his hands, on the golden wedding band around his finger. His eyes, meanwhile, were rooted onto me, and under their intense gaze, I wanted to squirm, wanted to run away. It is not that I felt uncomfortable in a sexual way, it was just that his gaze could burn holes.
“Do you hear me?” He asked, and I nodded. “Sylvie is my first assistant, and you are my second. In return for doing your job, I will ensure that you are given all that you need. My last second assistant was killed by one of Brynna Elohimson’s people. Do you know why?”
I shook my head and brought my hand up to my lips so I could bite my nails. Immediately, I put it back down at my side and hooked my fingers in the belt loop of my pants.
“I don’t know.” I said.
“She targets anyone who associates kindly with the guards. I saw that you two were talking the other day, and I know that you’re cellmates.” 
“I’d hardly call it talking, and yes, we are cellmates, but she and Janna are always so caught up in each other that they barely notice me.” I stopped, remembering that she was his wife, and immediately, I began to stammer out an apology. He held up his hand to stop me.
“I know of my wife’s proclivities.” He said simply, “It doesn’t concern me. I do what I want, and so does she. The rules of Tyre’s world don’t apply in here. Sylvie!” He called, and a girl a little older than me came into the room.
“Yes, Commander?”
“Tell Grace everything she needs to know about me.” He said without looking up from the papers on his desk that he was now reading, “Be nice.”
“Always nice.” Sylvie replied with a smile that was not noticed by James, let alone reciprocated. Him ignoring her seemed to take the wind out of her sails, as my mother used to say, but he didn’t take notice of that, either. “Let’s go.” She told me curtly, and I followed her out of the room.
Out in the living room of his quarters, she kicked off her shoes, sat down on the couch, curled her legs up under her, and lounged back, looking like she owned the place. Before looking at me, she flipped her long, perfectly styled blonde hair and smiled. Her lips were painted red, her eyes were outlined in black, and her clothes were perfectly fitted to her trim body. It didn’t take a genius to figure out that she had a thing for him. I just didn’t know how deeply that “thing” went.
“He’s the best.” She told me, a little too loudly. It didn’t matter how loudly she talked; I could hear James in his office, talking, so I knew that he was not secretly listening to our conversation. Still, she continued talking at that volume, “He’s never really sunny, and he rarely makes jokes, but he’s the fairest out of all the guards. Tell me something, little one: have any of them fucked you yet?”
I actually startled at the blunt question, at the obscenity of it, at the forwardness. I stammered over my words, and she giggled more hysterically than she had to.
“I’ll take that as a ‘no.’ Count yourself lucky. Normally they sniff out little virgins like you and eat you for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and a midnight snack. And then, if you made them happy, they’ll move on to someone else and never look in your direction again. But if you didn’t make them happy, they’ll throw you away.”
“Has he f—”
Nope. Couldn’t do it.
“Has he… with you?” I asked, because I couldn’t help thinking about whether or not he had, though I didn’t know why I was thinking about it.
At first, she smiled, looking how I would imagine a very dramatic actor would portray a villain. In fact, her grin, which was out of the corner of her mouth, coupled with the malicious glint in her eyes, made her look like a knock-off, bargain version of none other than Brynna Elohimson, herself. I wondered if that was intentional. She opened her mouth to answer me, and my mind diverged into hers, and I read first her quickened speculations on how to most convincingly stretch the truth without outwardly lying. Then, in her heart, I saw minor signs of panic, because she didn’t know how good I was at detecting embellishments, though she suspected I was not very good at it. Little did she know, I could see into minds, and from minds, I could see into hearts. My mother and father had told me that it was imperative that I keep my ability a secret, and I did, to the best of my ability. If she lied, I would nod and say that I believed her so as not to give myself away.
“We try to keep our relationship professional.” She said, but her grin faltered ever so slightly and her gaze diverted from mine for half a second. Signs of lying, as my dad would say. 
“Okay.” I said.
“We try.” She said, but now, her gaze stayed off of mine for a full second, though her smile actually grew wider. My mind invaded hers again, and I regretted the intrusion once I was besieged by manufactured images of her and Commander Maxwell, writhing naked together on the couch, him moaning out her name, saying he loved her and no one else… It was all so pathetically idyllic that I couldn’t help but chuckle very softly to myself.
“Is something funny?” She snapped at me, and my heart skipped a few beats in a panic. 
“No.” I answered quickly, “So…” I needed to divert the conversation away from this topic, “What is it exactly that you do for Commander Maxwell?”
“Typical secretarial duties. Bring him his mail, get his coffee, polish his gun… and his nightstick.” She grinned, and even I was not so naïve and dumb that I missed that stupid double entendre. I didn’t know why I was so afraid of her, except I did: I was afraid of everyone and everything. I blamed my upbringing for that; being raised Old Spirit, under the tyrannical rule of Tyre, Rich Bachum, and Paul had taught me never to push any person’s boundaries, to keep my questions to a minimum, and my eyes to the floor. I knew never to raise my voice above what was barely conversational volume, and I especially knew how to recognize my superiors. This girl, though she was only a few years older than me, and she was a first-generation (meaning that her physical age and her literal age were the same; she was exactly what she looked like), had been on that ship longer than me, and she had been working for Commander Maxwell longer than me. She knew things that I didn’t. And besides, as the old saying went there on the Lapsarian, if someone survived the first year, they were something to fear. As I looked into her dark eyes, at her perfectly manicured nails, at her make-up that was so perfectly applied, and at the loose, blonde ringlets of her hair, I knew that she wanted him, and I knew that it was not just a little crush. It must have been hard to find the materials necessary to keep oneself styled like that, and yet she was perfectly styled. She wouldn’t go to that effort, nor would she take the risk of looking so perfectly, if she didn’t want him badly.
When he emerged from his office, she rose onto her feet and irritably gestured for me to do the same. I jumped up so quickly that I stumbled into her and nearly knocked her to the ground. James looked at us both, his eyes traveling from me to her and back again, and for a minute, he looked mildly confused. Then, without a shrug, without the slightest acknowledgment of the fact that we had both just almost toppled to the ground, he murmured something about being done with his coffee and that we were dismissed after his office was cleaned.
“Of course, Commander.” Sylvie said with a smile, but once he was gone, she pushed me hard, her eyes burning red, her hands shaking. “Watch what the fuck you’re doing!”
“Okay!” I said from the floor where I had crashed after her forceful shove, “Okay!”
“Stupid fucking little girl!” She spat at me before storming into his office and sitting down in his chair. That quickly, she seemed to calm. She looked at me, smiling somewhat guiltily but also with so much joy and so much mischief. Her hands were running up the smooth leather arms of the chair, and she laid against the back of it after a moment and put her feet up on the desk.
“I want to fuck him while he’s sitting in this chair.” She told me as I stood awkwardly in the doorway, watching her, fearing all the while that he would return and discipline us both for what she was doing, while also cringing inwardly at the awkwardness I felt listening to all that she was saying. “What are you waiting for? Start cleaning his desk. Use the polish over there.” She pointed, and I obediently walked over, opened the cabinet, and pulled out a small jar of polish. She threw the polish rag at me when I turned around, and it hit me in the face. I wanted to call her a rude name, but thought better of it.
“I will fuck him.” She said, “Right here.” Her hands ran slowly up the armchair again, “I’m going to be down there right where you are now, polishing his desk or his shoes, and I am going to crawl towards him, unzip his pants, and blow him until he comes twice. Then I am going to fuck him. Or I’ll let him fuck me. Whatever he wants.”
“Okay.” I said, because I was almost squirming in discomfort. What was I supposed to say? I didn’t want to hear her perverse sexual fantasies, all of which were highly unlikely to actually happen. He showed absolutely no interest in her, and yet in his disinterest, she saw some sort of hidden desire, like he was playing hard to get.
“If it’s true what they say…” She continued, except now, her tone was darkening, as were her eyes, “And he was with her before they messed him up, I am going to take any trace of her out of his mind. I heard they used Contact so that they would never be able to touch each other again, and that it broke his mind. That’s why he hates her so much. He wants her dead. I’ve heard him talking to the Warden. ‘Why won’t you just let me finish it? Why won’t Tyre? I know how to finish it. I know I can finish it,’ he says. That fucking Brynna Elohimson. The subject of one million wet dreams.”
I looked up at her, totally stunned.
“Brynna and Commander Maxwell used to…”
“Yes.” She shot at me snippily, “A long time ago, so shut about it. Believe me, whatever remains of her in his mind, I am going to take it away. He’ll feel no pain after I’m done with him. He’ll only feel me. He’ll only want me. Of course, he doesn’t want her. Not at all. Like I said, all he wants is to kill her. But still, he is going to be mine.”
When I chanced a glance up at her, I saw that she was smiling with her eyes closed. She must have felt my gaze on her, though, because her eyes opened, and she looked down at me as I continued to polish the desk.
“You’re doing it wrong, you fucking idiot.”
***
“You look tired.” Rohanna said when I returned to my new group of comrades for dinner. “How was your first day, sweetheart?”
I shook my head slightly, watching as Sylvie strutted into the room and sat down with her friends, a wide grin on her face and some serious pep in her step. The girls in her group converged on her, and together, they looked how I imagined the old-world high-school cliques my mom used to talk about would look. They were talking quietly, and, in a pattern that never changed, their heads would turn one at a time to look at James, who was standing with a group of guards, keeping watch over the room. He seemed oblivious to them, though whether or not he was faking it, I didn’t know.
“Isn’t she awful?” Yumi asked me, “Sylvie?”
“Ugh…” I said, though I had vowed that, for the sake of my self-preservation, I would not say a negative word about her. What if Rohanna, Yumi, Jason, and Rael were secretly her friends, and they would run back and tell her what I said? What if my perceptions about her and James’s relationship were wrong, and he really did care about her, and if he found out that I had talked about her negatively, he would punish me? I remembered the public lashings in town, how the person being lashed would sometimes start out strong, but by the end, they would be screaming and begging just like everyone else. I knew that I wouldn’t even start out strongly. I would be screaming, crying, and begging through it all.
Still, I found myself saying, “She’s the worst,” to which they all chuckled softly.
“She’s dangerous.” Rohanna warned me, “She’s gotten many a good man and good woman killed by spreading lies.”
“How is she still alive?”
“Because she is Commander Maxwell’s gopher, of course.” Rael replied, “Even if he does not care a smidge about her, which I know he does not, because I have seen into his heart, she is still technically claimed by him. No one can harm her without a full-scale investigation into it being launched, and if that happens, they will most certainly find the perpetrator of the crime.”
“You read into his heart?”
“Of course, my dear.” He said kindly, “It is my power. And in here, I am not forbidden from exercising it. That is why I am here, you know. I refused to live by their laws that outlawed my gift. It is mine, given to me by the true One God. They will not take it from me. They will not make me ashamed of who I am. Well, not to mention, I refused to divorce my husband and my wife.”
Oh. So he was of the polyamorous sort, as well. The bisexual sort. The whatever-the-hell sort.
“I sense that you are mildly disturbed.” He said, but his kind, slight smile did not falter.
“No!” I said quickly, nearly choking on the slop that I had quickly taken a bite of after he had told me about having a husband and a wife. “No, not at all. I’m…”
“It’s alright.” He said, “I read it in your heart, darling girl, and it is alright. It will take some time. Perhaps you will find yourself still as boggled by my way of life, but hopefully, in time you will not. Still, regardless of the outcome, be it that you remain the same in your views on me and others like me, or you change completely, the choice will take time.”
“I have no problem with it. I don’t. Really, Rael, I don’t. It’s just…” The others were talking amongst themselves, and Rael, despite his massive size (six-eight, hugely muscular) and strange but not off-putting look (long dreadlocks that hung down to his butt and eyes that remained red), I knew, by instinct, that I could be completely honest with him. Perhaps he was using his “power,” as he called it, to manipulate my heart into feeling so comfortable that I could be open with him. Perhaps he wanted to know my deepest feelings, on him and everyone around me, but my instincts told me that I could trust him. Not my heart. My instincts, which I hadn’t even known I had.
“All of this…” I said softly, with a very slight gesture that was supposed to be all-encompassing of the room, “I’m surrounded by people who have committed every crime, from blasphemy to petty theft to rape to murder; I’m sharing a cell with a psychopath, her very rude friend, and her girlfriend; I’m working for a man who is… I don’t know, broken, and yet so strong that he could rip me in half if he wanted to, and on top of all of that, I am seeing things in here that I never thought that I would see. My mother and father raised me to love everyone, even when they were telling us in church that we couldn’t…” I stopped, not knowing how far I could go.
“Please.” He said, “Keep going. I can feel your inner burden lifting, and I know that you can feel it, as well. Keep going, Grace.”
“I just… They said we couldn’t love people like you, because the One God doesn’t love people like you. If the One God sees fit to deem you all Irredeemable, and an Offense, how can we love an Offense? Anyone who strays from his laws must be taken away from those who abide by the laws, and here we are, away from the law-abiding people. But… I don’t know why I brought the church thing up, because I never believed in it, anyway. I faked it, and so did my mom and dad. I don’t know, Rael. Even though I don’t hate you like they said I’m supposed to hate you, I just have to get used to seeing things they told me for so long were the absolute worst things.”
“Yes.” He said, and he leaned forward so he could whisper in a jocularly conspiratorial tone, “And that is alright. Regardless of what my old friend, Brynna, says. Regardless of what any of them say. I have absolute faith that you will adjust, more quickly than you think that you will. I can see in you now that you do not believe what they believe, and that you were able to pretend for so long is amazing. You do not give yourself nearly as much credit as you deserve. I know that you are afraid; I can see that in your heart. But you are also strong. You are brave. You are your mother and father’s child. In every sense.”
I smiled. For the first time since arriving, my smile stretched to its farthest reaches, and I was filled with a warm glow of pride. Tears flowed into my eyes, but I wiped them away quickly. Rael was smiling too, and his eyes were not red anymore but a very light brown instead. 
“You are going to be just fine.” He told me, “My instincts are spot-on, as they say. And those instincts tell me that you will be a first-year survivor. You will survive long past the first year, actually. Never fear, young one; you are stronger than you think, and that strength will give you great purpose, and great pride. Now, let’s eat.”
***
That night, we were allowed out onto the deck of the ship. Every night, for weeks on end, groups of prisoners cycled, giving everyone an opportunity to taste fresh air for a short while.
“They do it because people were going nuts being kept inside all the time.” Jason explained to me as we walked outside, “We’re not supposed to be cooped up. We need the sun, and the moon, and the fresh air.”
My mom and dad had always said the same thing. 
So that night, when we went outside, and the air that smelled of salt and cold and light (even though it was night) hit me, I found myself beaming brightly for the second time. Sylvie and her group were huddled over by the railing, looking out at the pitch-black ocean. Brynna, Janna, Illa, and their crowd were closest to the front, and I was shocked to see Brynna laughing. It was genuine, with not a hint of malice. She and Janna were standing side by side, facing the ocean, and together, they raised their joined hands into the air and swayed in the breeze, giggling all the while. My eyes instinctively scanned the crowd for James, who, sure enough, was watching his wife and his former girlfriend (and it was still weird for me to think of them that way together). I expected to see a smile there, a flicker of recognition of his old love for her, or of his love for his wife. But there was nothing. His gaze was so steely, so empty, so… dead.
Rael went over to Brynna and Janna, and they both embraced him happily, as did Illa.
“God, Illa looks just like her mother.” Yumi said, “Doesn’t she, Ro?”
“Oh, she does. She’s got that beautiful hair color that Luciana always had. I want it.”
“Too bad we cannot just swing by the corner store and buy you what you would need to make the color dye for your hair like we used to.”
“I know. Such a pity.”
“No.” Yumi said, and she kissed her quickly, “You’re perfect just the way you are.”
Brynna looked over and waved to them, her long hair blowing in the breeze, her white and black eyes glowing, even in the dark, and they smiled and waved back.
“Are you two friends with her?” I asked, somewhat shocked.
“We’re acquainted with her. Rael is friends with her.” Yumi said, “She is alright, Grace. Well, she’s dangerous…”
“Completely out of her mind, and yet it’s that whole ‘crazy like a fox’ thing.” Jason added.
“And she’s ridiculously powerful, with her gift, her physical strength, and her brain.” Rohanna chimed in, “But as long as you’re polite, and you respect that she has more power than anyone else in here except for perhaps the Warden, and even that’s debatable, you’ll be fine. Notice…” Rohanna gently turned my head so I could see one of the girls in Sylvie’s group eyeing Brynna up. “She does not target anyone unless they target her first.”
“Do it.” I heard Sylvie whispering. It was my enhanced hearing, which my mom and dad had told me about but which I hadn’t used before. In her mind, Sylvie was thinking about some deal she had just made with this girl who was now walking over to Brynna. I couldn’t see the exact details, but I could see that whatever it was that Sylvie had promised this girl was enough to motivate the girl into doing what she was about to do.
It happened so quickly that I still don’t know exactly what happened. What I saw was this: A flash of silver in the girl’s hand, Brynna turning to her before she had even reached her completely, grabbing her wrist, breaking it in one hand, grabbing the knife, and stabbing her so quickly and so many times in the stomach that her arm was a blur of movement. In the next moment that was just as quick, she had turned the girl towards the railing, kicked her so hard in the chest that I heard her sternum crack, and then, the girl was out of our sight, having toppled over into the sea. 
Before the guards could grab her, Brynna had stormed over to Sylvie, wrapped her fist up in Sylvie’s blonde hair, pummeled and totally knocked out with one fist two of Sylvie’s friends who tried to help Sylvie, and then dragged Sylvie over to James. 
“You know that she’s one of mine.” James started to say, “She’s…”
“She’s making her little deals, and why don’t you tell him why?!” Brynna barked at Sylvie, who was on the ground under her boot now, sniveling because Brynna was digging the heel of her boot into the top of Sylvie’s spine. 
“Should I crush her spine?!” Brynna asked, and my heart plummeted when she looked directly at me. I looked behind me and to the side of me, but she was asking me, “Should I take her tongue?”
“Don’t get your fucking dogs all riled up. Do you hear me?” James snarled at her, before he looked at the other guards, “Take her inside.”
“Down, dogs,” Brynna sang without taking her eyes off of James, and simultaneously, they collapsed abruptly to the ground and began to pant and bark and even hump the ground like dogs in heat. Everyone on the deck was laughing riotously except for Sylvie’s friends and me. Well, Janna was merely smiling, because she wanted to appear entertained by her girlfriend’s antics, but she also knew that the confrontation between James and Brynna was going to come to blows at any moment.
And come to blows, it did. James grabbed her throat, forced her to the ground, and turned her over onto her stomach. He twisted her arms behind her back until Brynna’s face contorted into a very slight look of pain, and then he flipped her over so he could slap and backhand her interchangeably until she was dazed enough that he could pull her onto her feet without her thrashing. After that, he lifted her like she weighed absolutely nothing and threw her over his shoulder. She wasn’t dazed enough, though, because she kicked him hard in the stomach so he would drop her, and then, she rammed into him with her body and somehow managed to push his solid, muscular body backwards several steps. He came charging back, and when he reached her, his hands wrapped around her upper arms, barely squeezing, and she collapsed, yelping in pain for the slightest second before she regained her senses and kicked him hard in the face. His lip split, and his nose began to gush, but the pain and the blood only enraged him further. When she nailed him with a perfect kick right in the stomach, the crowd around us roared even louder. I had not noticed the cheers or the chants, because I had been so tensely engrossed in the fight, but that particular burst of cheering had been particularly passionate. Thank God the other guards had regained their senses (because her attention was focused solely on James, so she could not hold them under her influence), because they were needed to hold back the rabid, screaming, cheering inmates who were rooting for Brynna. When he had told her not to get her dogs riled up, I thought he had been talking about her friends. But he had been talking about all the inmates out on the deck, all the ones who wanted to watch her fight and win like she had a few days earlier, when that huge man had stepped to her. 
As James had been gathering himself together after the kick in his stomach, she had rammed into him over and over until his back was against the wall. But after a few seconds, once he was recovered, he ended the fight in a severely final way: One of his hands twisted in her hair and from there, he threw her to the ground. Then, he bent down, grabbed the front of her prison shirt and the front of her prison pants, picked her up, slammed her into the deck, picked her up, and slammed her into the deck again. When he converged on her, his eyes burning red, and dropped to his knees beside her, she rammed herself up and slammed her head into his. In reciprocation, he brought his hand back to slap her, closed his hand into a fist, and full-on punched her instead. She collapsed back, and his hands wrapped around her throat as he huffed and puffed, as his eyes darkened from white to black.
“Alright, alright…” She said breathlessly, “Officer James… You win this round.”
“Oh, do I?” He asked her, just as breathlessly, “I don’t think I have. Not yet, anyway.”
His thumbs pushed in at her lower neck, and under her back, her hands pulled against the cuffs just as another guard came over and cuffed her ankles together. The new immobility of her ankles seemed to stir in her mind the idea to use her legs. Her knees came up and hit him hard in his ribs, knocking the wind out of him again, and her head came up to slam into his for the second time.
“Ooh!” The crowd yelled, before cheering loudly for her. She sat up in a blur and slammed her mouth against his, and the pain that rocketed through him at the touch of her lips so obviously hurt him more than her kicks or her head-butts had. He jerked away from her, reaching out instinctively to push her away, but she closed the space between them and sunk her teeth down hard into his bottom lip, causing him to grunt in pain and punch her so hard in the side of the face that she collapsed onto her back again. 
“Reine! Reine! Reine!” The crowd was yelling, and people were shoving each other out of the way of the windows to see out from the inside, most of them cheering just as loudly for her. Even from behind that thick glass, I could hear just how loudly they were screaming. 
“You’re done!” James bellowed in her face, his hands on her throat again but not squeezing, “That’s enough!” 
“Big man…” She hissed at him, because her body was immobile, but her mind was still as furious and fierce as ever. “Look at the big man.” She raised her voice to a shout, “Takes a big man to win in a fight with a handcuffed woman!”
The crowd laughed hysterically, but they stopped abruptly when James took out his gun. Sylvie was on the ground, huffing and puffing still, not daring to smile outwardly, but definitely smiling slightly. She wanted him to pull that trigger so badly that she would give up days of her immortal life to watch it happen.
“Do it.” Brynna hissed at James, and she spat her blood in his face, “Come on, you big man! Can you do it? Can you pull the trigger, big man? Oh, I don’t think he can.” She laughed rather uproariously, “I don’t think he can do it. Look at the big man. He can beat up on a handcuffed woman, but he can’t end the fight in the only way he wants to end it. Do it, Officer James! Pull the trigger! Do it! Do it! Do it, my love… my love… My lov—”
“James.” A voice said, and everyone stopped yelling and cheering immediately when they saw the man who was standing in the doorway. “James, let go of her.”
The Warden was tall, and he would have been handsome, if the sight of him had not immediately set my thoughts tripping over themselves, and my heartbeats fluttering, like my heart was trying to run away. His piercing blue eyes fell on her, and though he was smiling slightly, I could see the disgust on his face.
“Starting trouble again?” He asked her before looking up at James, “Quite a number you did on her, Commander. Quite a number she did on you, as well. Were these extensive injuries well-deserved?”
“Absolutely.” James answered, “She used her curse on them.” He gestured to the other men.
“Tattle-tale…” Brynna murmured, but loudly enough so the crowd could hear. A few people snickered, but when the Warden looked up at them, his light blue eyes suddenly dark red, they fell silent as the grave, as they say.
“You used your curse on my men?” He asked her lightly, as though he were mildly entertained by her precociousness.
“I did. He called my people dogs, so I made his people dogs. Isn’t that humorous, Warden?” She asked.
“Oh, yes.” He whispered as he bent down and tenderly wiped the blood away from her mouth, “You are the most humorous woman I know, my love.”
His fist sunk down into her suddenly completely shattered ribcage so easily, it was like her bones had turned to butter. She inhaled deeply, and when she could not take in any more air, she still continued to gasp, her body curling up, her eyes tearing, and yet her mind screaming at her not to scream. Her head was tilted backwards, fixed on Janna, who was wiping tears from her eyes repeatedly as Illa held her back, looking enraged.
“Is that humorous?” The Warden asked in her ear, still so calmly, with not a hint of emotion in his voice, “Does that hurt you?”
She tried to breathe in, but the breath rattled loudly in the back of her throat, stuck firmly there. 
“I asked you a question, my sweet, silly Brynna. Does that hurt you?” He was holding her face now, and she nodded.
“Good.” He slammed his fist down into her broken ribcage again, and though she still did not scream, she took in another deep breath and made a noise between a grunt and a gurgle. I grabbed onto Rohanna, squeezing her arm with both hands, and her arm came around discreetly to hold me.
“Look away, sweetheart.” She whispered in my ear so quietly, so as not to be heard by the Warden’s surely far advanced hearing, “If he does not see you look away, he will not punish you, and he is not looking here now.”
But I could not. My eyes were stuck on her, stuck on the tears of pain streaming from her eyes, stuck on her curled up body. My ears could not stop hearing those rattling gasps for air that she was emitting. I feared that she would vomit, but she seemed to be holding that down out of pride, too. 
“You know what I have to do now, don’t you?” He asked her softly, wiping those tears of pain from her eyes. “I loathe it, but it must be done. Now, will you walk, or will I drag you by your hair? Brynna?” 
“Walk.” She said, as clearly and firmly as she could.
“Do you know what I am going to do?”
“Yes.” 
“Alright.” James and the Warden brought her onto her feet and the guard who had shackled her ankles unlocked them. 
“The show is over.” The Warden said, “Back to your evenings, if you please. Enjoy them, because Mrs. Elohimson has just bought you all three months inside.”
Maybe the crowd groaned, maybe they did not. I did not peek into their minds to see if they were angry at her for what she had done, or if they still felt she was justified, if they still thought she deserved their hero worship. I was simply watching her being led away, to an unknown fate about which the only thing I knew in certainty was that it would be brutal.
I didn’t want to do it, because I didn’t want to know. It would sicken me. I truly did not like her in any way, and I did not think that I ever could or would like her, but still, it would literally make me sick if I saw it. Regardless of the effect it would have on my heart and my mind, my curse allowed me to travail minefields and quicksand and barbed wire fences and dark forests full of beasts until it could enter her mind, and I saw her deepest, darkest secret.
She laid down on her own, but it was not her choice. He grabbed her and rode her and clawed at her like a wild animal, and afterwards, his grip on her face would be so tight that she had to bite her lip to keep from crying out. 
“Tyre will hear nothing of this,” He would say.
“Of course not, Warden.” She would say.
Rohanna sensed the storm inside of me. She had the same gift as Rael, so she saw into my heart with ease. She saw the pain I felt, though I didn’t know how I could feel it for Brynna. Her arms wrapped around me. She turned me away. 
As quietly as I could, as quietly as I had been trained all my life to do, I started to cry.
***
Taking a shower alone was risky, but I chanced it that day because I could not find Rohanna and Yumi, and I knew that Illa and Janna would absolutely not agree to accompany me. As I walked into the steaming shower room, I immediately noticed that the only other group of women bathing at that time were, of course, Sylvie and her friends. Even though one of their number had been thrown to her death by Brynna, they all seemed to be in a rather chipper mood. They took no notice of me as I shyly removed my towel and quickly jumped in between two of the tile walls. 
“So, did you see it?” One of them asked, and her voice was positively breathless.
“I saw the outline of it, but trust me, that was enough.” Sylvie said, and I knew by the tone of her voice that she was smiling her cat-like grin.
“God, was it huge?” Another girl asked.
“So huge. Everyone says the former Rexprimus is hung like a horse, but James—oops, I’m sorry,” She giggled like a schoolgirl, “Commander Maxwell is bigger, I’ll bet.”
“Oh, well, that bitch, Brynna Elohimson doesn’t know what she’s missing…”
“She does know.” Sylvie said, “And believe me, that brings so much joy to my cold, dead heart, I almost feel like a human.” I peeked over, and I saw that she was standing, totally naked, in front of her equally naked friends. They were sitting in front of her attentively, and as she was talking, she was washing herself, and because she was standing up while they were sitting down, and because their attention was so fixed upon her, she looked like a teacher and they looked like her pupils. That was a strange comparison, to say the least, but Sylvie was very strange, and the situation I had accidentally found myself in was very strange, as well.
“The Rexprimus was the most handsome man in all the world until Commander Maxwell came here on the ship all those years ago.” Sylvie continued dreamily, “And God, after what I saw the other day, I have to be with him. I have to show him how I feel.”
“How will you do it?”
“One night when it’s just me and him. When that pathetic little lepus is tucked away in bed, sent home for the night. I’ll ask him if there’s anything else he wants, and when he says no, I am going to take off all my clothes and say, ‘Are you sure?’ I’ll make him forget the name ‘Brynna Elohimson’ for good.”
They all giggled at that, and for some reason, I found myself randomly, unbelievably, totally and completely enraged. In their sockets, my eyes burned, and I knew that if there were a mirror in the bathroom, I would see that my irises were glowing red. Looking at the situation as an outsider (which I was), I should have seen that Sylvie had every right to feel the way she did about Brynna—Brynna had brutally murdered one of her friends, and Brynna was roundly unpleasant to be around—and her crush on James was harmless, even though part of the joy she took in her attraction to him was due to the fact that he had once been Brynna’s man. My anger at Sylvie was misplaced, or so I thought, and still, it did not stop me from nosily turning the shower off, wrapping myself in my scratchy towel, and storming towards her.
“Too bad Commander Maxwell barely even looks at you, let alone looks like he wants to touch you.” I snapped, and because I did not want to betray just how angry I was, and thus allow her to think I was rattled, I kept my voice calm with just a little touch of gloating. Her friends looked up at me, their mouths agape for a moment, and Sylvie looked particularly affronted, which she should have, because I was purposely trying to affront her. She looked down at her friends, and then back up at me, and then down at her friends again.
“Get up, you idiots!” She spat at them through clenched teeth before turning her attention back to me, “I suppose you think because you’ve worked for Commander Maxwell for a total of five minutes that you know everything about him. He’s distant towards everyone, but towards me…”
“He is just as distant. He has never looked at you, smiled at you, or even spoken anything to you that wasn’t a direct order. Yes, Sylvie, he is really into you. I might be a pathetic little rabbit, like you just called me, but even I can tell that he’d sooner screw Brynna, whom he hates with all of his heart, than he’d screw you. At least he looks her in the eye when he talks to her.”
She was totally stunned, but she regained herself quickly.
“He doesn’t look me in the eye because he’s fighting his urge to…”
“Not looking people in the eye is a sign that one, a person feels inferior to the person whose gaze he is avoiding, and we know that’s not the case with Commander Maxwell and you, or two, a person feels as though the one whose gaze he is avoiding is undeserving of his attention, and between those two options, Sylvie, I think we know which is the correct one.” I didn’t know where it came from, but I found myself saying, “That is Body Language 101.”
“You don’t know shit about what you’re talking about!”
“Nice sentence.” I said as I turned away. 
I knew she was going to act probably before she did. She lunged forward, going for my newly washed hair, but I whipped around, swung my arm back while my fist was clenched, and nailed her perfectly in the side of the face with my fist. She stumbled sideways, slipping and sliding in the water until she finally fell. She landed sprawled out, and I saw more of her that day than I had ever or would ever want to see. 
“Oh, my God…” I started to say, because my body had reacted so quickly, I would have been unable to stop it even if I had wanted to. 
“You fucking bitch!” She growled at me as she pulled herself up onto her feet. “You think because you share a cell with the First Queen that I won’t beat your ass to death right here? You think she’s going to protect you? I’m not afraid of her! She’s fucking pathetic. Do you think I’m not going to rip your ugly fucking face off because you’re her friend?” She asked me in a trembling voice.
Very coolly, and as my final word in the fight, I said, “Yes, Sylvie… I do think that,” before striding away with so much confidence, I knew I had to have become possessed by another spirit. In fact, the entire fight had to have been the result of my possession by this other spirit, because there was no way that I ever could have been so bold, or so sassy, or so angry… 
I giggled to myself, my heart swelling with pride. I didn’t know if I would have wanted my mom and dad to see me confront her like that, because of some of the things I had said, but then, I knew that they would have seen it as justified. I could almost see them, grinning even though they knew they should have been telling me that it was somewhat wrong to confront her that way. 
It was not until I heard Sylvie furiously muttering to her friends that she would make me pay regardless of who my friends were that the fear I had known my whole life came back. I returned to my cell, trembling from the cold that pervaded every inch of that ship, and from that old fear. It had felt so good to be different for that moment of boldness, but I feared most of all that this pathetically fearful little rabbit, as Sylvie had called me, was simply who I was, and regardless of any random, blurred moments in that image, it was simply who I would always be.
***
Commander Maxwell brought Brynna back to our cell that night, almost a full day after her confrontation with the Warden. I had been totally asleep, exhausted from a day of work and from my confrontation with Sylvie, because I was still so worried about how she would retaliate.
“She will do nothing.” Janna had told me firmly, “Brynna and I will not allow her to hurt you.”
I did not for a second believe that I was in their club. I did not believe that they had accepted me as one of their own. They would protect me because I was the lesser of two evils: they hated Sylvie, they merely disliked me. I thought that was the case, anyway.
Commander Maxwell laid her down in bed beside Janna, and through my half-opened eyes, I saw that she was almost totally healed, so either she had healed herself (which I knew only a few people were capable of doing), or the Warden had healed her. Just because the physical wounds were healed did not mean that the pain was gone, and when she laid down, I could see her wincing. Hastily, he threw the blanket onto her, and barked at her in harsh whisper, “Go to sleep.” 
As he turned to walk away, though, she sat up and reached out to him abruptly. Her hand grasped his, and after a moment, her other hand came up to grasp it, too. 
“James,” She whispered, and there in the dark, because we were all asleep, and because in the light of the moon, he could barely see it, she let a tear escape her eye. For a long moment, they looked at each other, and then, she whispered, “Please,” with so much pleading in her voice that it rattled me. 
Truly, it broke my heart. A woman I believed had no heart at all was able to break mine with one word.
He turned to her, kneeled beside the bed, and continued to look at her with his cold, dead eyes. Then, he leaned forward, looking as though he were going to kiss her, and my heart was pounding as I watched, because suddenly, I wanted there to be something between them, I wanted him to remember, I wanted them to be alright again, even though I had not known them while they had been alright… But just before their lips touched, he pulled away.
“No.” He whispered emphatically, mocking how she had so emphatically said “please.” He was mocking her, when she was appealing to him so emotionally. “No.” Now he was saying it emphatically because he was angry. “You are nothing. Do you hear me? Nothing.”
He pulled his hand from her grasp and stormed away from her, leaving her alone in the dark. For a moment, she stared after him, at the closed door. But then, she sighed heavily, rolled her eyes, and shook her head, before cuddling up against Janna’s back. Perhaps she did not care, but even then, I knew that that wasn’t true. I think she knew I was awake, that she was being watched, so she rolled her eyes and brushed it off as part of her show.
I don’t think anyone, not even the great and powerful Brynna Elohimson, could care so little after being spurned by someone she loved so much. And she did still love him. For the first time, I saw just how much, and that broke my heart, too.
***
Months passed. Things were quiet. It was known as the “Mid-Year Melancholy,” as Jason informed me. 
“It’s just like how it was when I was in high school on Earth. In the beginning of the year, people started shit and fought. At the end of the year, people started shit and fought. But in the middle of the year, when you’re entombed in the busy winter months, when there’s no beginning in sight behind you, and no end in sight in front of you, you just don’t have the energy to start shit and fight.” He had told me, and I had said that that was really profound, to which he replied, “Oh, Grace. Have you not realized I’m good like that yet?”
So the days passed by in a blur. Sylvie pointedly ignored my presence, or she tried to bark out orders in the same forceful tone that was a rather pathetic imitation of her great love, Commander Maxwell. He never barked out orders to me, but he barked out orders to other guards, and I had seen him bark out orders to Brynna, and it was roundly intimidating. It was pathetic that Sylvie thought she wielded the same power, but still, she tried to wield it. Finally, one day, after she told me to re-polish Commander Maxwell’s desk and re-press all the uniforms in his closet because I had not done it right, I threw the polish at her and stood up, my eyes blazing red.
“Polish the desk and press his uniforms yourself. And stop talking to me like I’m below you, or I’m going to iron off your pretty face.”
It was not the best line I could have come up with, and in the nights that passed after I said those words to her, I thought of a million other things I could have said. Still, the lack of eloquence and sophistication in my retort did not diminish the triumph I felt, and Rael, Rohanna, Jason, Yumi, and I had laughed for what felt like hours after I mimicked the look on her face for them.
“And besides,” Yumi told me, “You don’t need to go all Shakespearean in order to make your point. You were violent. And you threatened to mutilate what is most important to her. She won’t be able to get Commander Maxwell between her legs if her face is fucked up, will she?”
“Nope!” I had said proudly.
“Exactly.” Yumi continued, “So don’t beat yourself up. You are turning into a badass prisoner of this great establishment, and you deserve to be celebrated. So, cheers to you, Grace DiAngelo. Cheers to you.”
They had all raised their cups of water to me, and though I had turned red, which had caused them to laugh and coo over how “cute” I was, I had been positively beaming with pride, because that wild animal within me had once again broken free from its cage, even if only for that one moment.
“You have to take a sip from the glass, Grace.” Jason told me, “Otherwise the toast is incomplete, and we will have seven years of bad luck, and the Old Spirits will rule for all of eternity, and the Steelers will win the Superbowl again…”
“The who?” I asked with a laugh, and he gaped at me. 
“I’m totally kidding. I never watched sports.” He told me, “But I know they were a football team, and in my state on Earth, they were loathed. Either way, you have to take a drink.”
I did, and afterwards, I said, “You know, I’ve never had alcohol.”
None of them looked surprised, because I had been raised Old Spirit, where all substances capable of inducing an alternate state were banned. Instead of looking surprised, they looked strangely saddened. When my heart said I was confused, Rael explained.
“There is nothing quite like having a drink with a friend. Of course, there are people who do not imbibe, because they cannot do so in moderation, and that is fine. They live perfectly fulfilled lives without alcohol. But when you are young, it is nice to have a drink with your young friends, and when you are old, it is nice to have a drink with your old friends.”
“Our always loquacious friend, Rael, is correct.” Jason said, and he stretched up the full extent of his arm’s reach to grasp Rael’s shoulder, “But never fear, Rachel, we will get you your first cup of booze one day.”
They all went back to their discussions, and he said quietly, almost shyly (which was so uncommon for him, believe me), “The first one will be on me. Okay?”
And I had replied, “Okay,” and he had smiled, and I had smiled.
Sometime after that, I was on an errand for Commander Maxwell. I had barely been able to look at him after what I had seen him do to Brynna that night on the deck, after the things I had heard him say, after he had stood idly by and watched that man break her ribs, but especially after he had essentially spat in the face of her emotional appeal to him. 
“James wants his dinner early. Go to the kitchen and get it.” Sylvie said that night.
“What are you doing?” I asked her, with more venom in my voice than I had intended to actually use but less than what I actually felt.
“Excuse me?” She snapped at me, and even though I wanted to hold firm on my attitude with her, I found myself looking down at the floor again. “I am picking up his laundry and the things he got delivered from the last time we fueled up. Not that it’s any of your business, of course.”
I wanted to make a comment about how just because she touched his underwear didn’t mean that she had given him a hand-job, but I was, first and foremost, too afraid to say it because I thought she would kill me, but I was also so shocked that something so vulgar could pop into my mind so easily. The place was rubbing off on me.
She had returned with a box full of whatever he had ordered from the last time the ship had docked, and I had watched from the floor as I shined his countless pairs of black shoes as she placed it delicately on his desk. 
“Thank you.” He said without looking up from whatever it was that he was writing. She stood for a second, looking dejected, but then, to cover up that moment, she walked away, still smiling, and for a moment, he watched her go over the tops of his glasses, his expression unreadable. If she had seen him do it, she surely would have told herself that he was admiring her butt as she walked away. But to me, it looked as though he were expecting something, like he was waiting for her to be gone. Then, he looked at me, and his mind and heart showed his desire for me to leave, too. He was waiting for something very important, and maybe it was in the package that she had delivered to him, or maybe it was not “something” he was waiting for, but someone.
Either way, it wasn’t my business.
I finished polishing his shoes and went down to get his dinner without telling him that I was leaving. His office was silent when I left, as it always tended to be, and when I peeked in the crack between the doors, I saw that he was sitting at his desk, his forehead rested in his hand as he wrote with a quill. He dipped the end of it into ink and continued to write. The only sound in the room was the sound of his hastened scribbling. 
The inmate who worked in the guard’s kitchen had been one of the chefs in the first house that the Red Anarchy had inhabited. As I waited for him to sear James’s huge, bloody red steak for a minute on both sides, and as I waited for his potatoes to be whipped with butter and cream, I wondered if I would ever eat such amazing food in my life. The slop they served us was all dried and preserved, and tasted all the same. Even in Shadow Village, we had not had access to fresh cuts of meat or even that many fresh crops. I wanted to try a steak, though I did not know if I wanted it to be bleeding, because that was rather gross, and I wanted to try those creamy potatoes, and I wanted to have a drink of alcohol. 
With Jason? A voice that sounded strangely like Brynna’s asked. 
Huh? My mind thought back in response. What did Jason have to do with anything?
Oh, right. We were both young, though he was, in his literal age, older than me. He was cute. Really cute. And his personality was hilarious and interesting. Why wouldn’t I have a crush on him? Why wouldn’t I want to be his girlfriend?
Too complicated. Thankfully, Commander Maxwell’s food was ready, and I could focus on getting the steak, potatoes, purple cabbage, and what looked like fizzing, bubbly black water back to his room without dropping it on the floor, or without succumbing to my screaming urge to devour it all myself. 
I expected to find the office almost completely silent, with only the sound of the scratching quill on paper.
Instead, I heard wood cracking, hinges squeaking, and worst of all, heavy breathing. Quietly, I crept in, so quietly that he could not have heard, and for a moment, I speculated that it was time for one of his monthly visits with Janna, but then I remembered that his monthly time with Janna had passed the week before, which I knew because I had been dispatched to bring the weird color sticks onto which she would pee, and they would somehow tell the doctors in the Health Ward first, if she had actually had intercourse, and secondly, if she was pregnant.
But when I looked in, I had to cover my mouth with both hands to keep from gasping.
Brynna was sitting on the desk, her black panties dangling from one of her ankles, her legs spread wide for him, her cut-up prison top thrown over his desk lamp. Commander Maxwell’s pants and boxers were on the floor, around his ankles, and even as he thrust himself hard and fast into her, she was unbuttoning his collared, perfectly pressed white shirt, and running her hands down his chest.
“Okay?” She asked after breaking her mouth from his.
“Yup.” He said, and his hands came up to gently caress her breasts. She flinched for a second, and he pulled away to look at her, his eyes so uncharacteristically full of feeling, I wondered how they ever could have been so devoid of it before. His brown eyes were alight with concern for her, but more than that, they were positively glowing with love.  “You need me to stop?”
“No!” She moaned, “It’s gone. Squeeze harder. Just kiss me, and touch me, and keep… Oh, keep going, James… Please! Oh, James!”
He squeezed her breast in his hand, and the volume of her moan spiked, her eyes closed, her head tilted back, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and squeezed hard. He kept going until she started to moan just as hard again, and then he breathed in deeply, turned his face to the ceiling, his fangs exposed, and grunted.
They collapsed, her with her back flat on his desk, her arms squeezed tightly around his neck, her legs wrapped around his middle, and him with his face buried in her neck, his body keeping her covered.
“You okay, baby?” He asked her softly and gently.
She nodded and asked breathlessly, “Are you?”
He nodded, kissed her neck slowly over and over again, moving up towards her ear, where he whispered, “God, I needed you. It’s been so long, and I needed you, Brynn.” 
Her face was flushed red, and she was sweating profusely, and her breathing was still rather labored, but she reached down, cupped her hand under his chin, and lifted his head. Slowly, and very gently, she pressed her lips to his, and they both tensed for just one second, but then, they dissolved into the kiss, and even from the doorway, I could see that their tongues were wrestling together, and I could hear their deep exhalations, her soft sighs, his whispers of, “I needed you,” and “I love you.”
“I needed you.” She whispered, as his lips broke from hers, kissed across her cheek, over to her ear, and down her neck. “I couldn’t stop thinking about you. About this. I’d be lying in bed, and I’d be picturing you, and even though that’s an Old Spirit uniform, God, it looks so good on you. I’d think of you, and I couldn’t help it; I had to touch myself.”
Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I did not want to hear this. I did not want to hear this. I did not want to hear this. 
“Tell me.” He whispered breathlessly, as he pulled her hips until her lower anatomy was pressed against his, “Tell me about it, baby.” He gently caressed her breasts in both hands. “Is that alright?”
She nodded, and his hands traveled down her stomach, pressing gently. 
“Still alright?”
“Mm-hmm. I pictured you laying me down on your desk, just like this.” She started, “You took my clothes off, and laid me down, and then you stood back, and started getting undressed in front of me while I watched…”
Gently, he rubbed her between her legs and two of his fingers disappeared inside of her. She inhaled sharply and moaned in pain. 
“Stay with me, baby.” He whispered gently, “Focus on my voice. Focus on how good you feel. I love you so much. I love you more than I have ever loved anything in my life. You know that, don’t you, baby?” 
She nodded, and her breathing began to slow and deepen. 
“That’s it. Keep talking to me, baby. What happened then? Tell me, my love.” He dropped to his knees in front of her, and kissed her inner thigh, “My love…” He kissed her a little closer. “My love…” He buried his face between her legs, and she reached down and entwined her fingers with his as her head tilted back and she moaned. 
“Is this what I did to you, when you thought of me?” He asked her, and she nodded, “Tell me, baby.”
“Yes.” She answered breathlessly, as her chest pulled off the desk into the air, and she squeezed his hands, “Oh, my God, yes…”
“God, I wish I had been there. I wish I had been there to watch you. I love to watch you, and I know you love when I watch you.”
“Yes,” She breathed again, “Oh, James… I love you so much. Oh, God… Don’t stop, but… we’re being watched right now.”
He did stop, and she whacked him on the top of the head. 
“I said ‘don’t stop,’ you ass!” 
But they both looked in my direction, and I fell backwards, splaying out onto the ground on my back in an attempt to get away. The food I had brought him was on the coffee table in his living room, and luckily, on my hurried retreat towards the door, I did not knock it onto the floor, or else I would have had to stay and clean it up, and I wanted to get as far away from them, because not only had I witnessed them together, but I had stayed for an awkwardly long time, and I didn’t even know why.
“She is not going to tell anyone.” I heard Brynna saying, “Hand me my pants, please.”
“It doesn’t matter, Brynna!” He hissed, “She knows! No one can know! We agreed on that!”
“We are very convincing outside of this room, and she is afraid of everything, but she is especially afraid of me, and therefore she will not say a word against me.” 
She pulled open the door and stood over me.
“Right?” She asked. 
“Yes.” I said quickly, “Yes, I promise I won’t say anything. Commander Maxwell…” He had appeared behind her, “I promise I won’t tell anyone about this, and I’m so sorry I saw. I brought you your food, and the door was open, and I saw that you were… busy, and I should have just left, but I was…”
“You were shocked. In awe.” Brynna filled in for me, “Incredulous as to how two people who loathe each other outside of this office can possibly fake it so well. Still does not excuse your perverted nature. You just sat and watched two people you barely know, one of whom is your boss, in the throes of passion. Also,” She looked back at James, “Did you legitimately order me a bloody steak when I was just telling you how terribly I was craving a bloody steak?”
“Of course I did!” 
“God, you are perfect.” She kissed him, and then she looked at me, “He is perfect.”
“Let’s just cut the bullshit.” James said, and already his gaze was hardening, though his arms were still around her waist. “Brynna handles people who find out about us, or who suspect us. Normally, this conversation doesn’t happen, the accident just happens. They fall overboard, they have a sudden heart attack, they hang themselves in the shower. You don’t want to suffer any accidents, do you?”
“No.” My throat had clenched, because I was getting ready to cry.
“Don’t cry.” James snapped at me, “As long as you don’t talk, you have nothing to worry about. God, baby…” He kissed Brynna’s shoulder, “You get people in such a fucking tizzy.”
“I am fairly frightening.”
“You are.” His gaze turned to me, “And you are dismissed, Grace.”
“Sylvie really did send that girl over to kill you.” I said randomly as he began to close the door. They both looked at me. “She had made a deal with her. She’s a Dionysian, I think.”
“We know.” Brynna said, “Poor Sylvie. Poor friend of Sylvie.”
They closed the door, and I heard her purring at him, “Do you want Sylvie, baby? She wants you.”
“I want you.” He breathed. “Only you. Every day, for the rest of our lives.”
“You don’t want to sit in your chair and let her crawl up between your legs like this, open up her mouth, and…”
I heard him breathe in deeply, and I hurried away, sure that I was scarred for life. In my panicked flight, I rounded a corner too quickly and slammed hard into someone who had been coming from that way. For a moment, I thought that it was one of the other guards coming out of his private quarters, and I was already tailoring my apology to include the word “sir,” but then I heard her loathsome voice.
“Why the hell are you so clumsy? Why are you always in my way? I’ve worked with you for months, and the longer we’re together, the more I want to strangle you!”
Sylvie was coming around the corner, heading for James’s office, no doubt.
“What are you doing back here?” I asked, and I tried to keep my voice level so she didn’t suspect anything was amiss.
“I am going to ask Commander Maxwell if he needs anything else. Sometimes he wants a cigarette after he eats dinner.”
“He had some out on his desk.”
“Did he? I could have sworn he had run out.”
“Well, he didn’t. Plus, I just brought him his dinner, and he seemed really preoccupied. I don’t think he needs anything else.”
“Oh, I know what he needs. I would love to give him what he needs.”
Little did she know, Brynna had what Commander Maxwell needed well under control. 
“No matter.” She said with a sigh, shrug, and smile, “I’ll see him bright and early in the morning. You do know that you’re to report to his office at first light tomorrow to get your assignment for the day. It is almost time for him to go on land again, and we have a lot of preparing to do.” 
“Sure. I know.” I said, “Goodnight, Sylvie.”
I walked off, reeling from all that I had seen, but still listening to make sure that she was behind me. At first, she did follow me, but then, before I was about to round the corner, she turned around to head back towards the office. I stopped, whipped around, and shouted her name forcefully. The second she turned, my mind attacked. It invaded hers, becoming enmeshed but not ensnared by the tangled web of her thoughts, sorting through the mess until it found the part of her brain that would accept my influence. Once the fingers of my power were rooted into the soft gray matter where she would be most susceptible, I spoke.
“Go back to your cell. Stay there.”
I stopped, thinking about telling her to confess what she had done to her friend, to throw herself down before Brynna in the middle of the dining hall and apologize, to drop to her knees in front of the Warden and beg him to do his worst to her. My heart skipped several beats in fear at how quickly I had been able to conjure up those violent plans for revenge. In that moment of weakness, I didn’t “close” the connection between my mind and hers, so she received those ideas into her mind. There was no guarantee that she would actually act on them, but they were there, implanted. As much as I didn’t like her, and as dangerous as she was, I didn’t want to cause her any harm.
“Go back to your cell, Sylvie. Now.” I said, and without a word, she strode away.
“Well, my, my…” Brynna’s voice said behind me. I jumped and whipped around to find Commander Maxwell and Brynna standing there, watching me.
“It appears my foreseen child has returned.” She told James, “You look so much like your birth mother, but I knew… I knew I saw a flicker of me in you. It appears that I was right, though why I am surprised, I do not know.”
“What are you talking about?” I snapped at her, “I just did you a huge favor, and you’re messing with me! See if I ever help you ag—”
“This is her? It really is her?” James asked Brynna quietly.
“Yes.” Brynna said, “This is her. This is Grace. Rachel and Tom’s daughter. The one I gave them. My daughter. Your stepdaughter, baby.” She looked back at him and beamed, “Happy Father’s Day.”

Brynna
“Tell me how you found out about me.” I had said to Adam one night twenty two years before the moment my daughter stood before James and me in the hall, so one and a half years after our arrival on the ship. I had been lying beside him with my head on his chest. My whole body was exhausted, and my eyes were drooping lazily as his fingers ran up and down my arm gently. They had dumped me into his room hours earlier, and we had barely spoken in that time; instead, we had made love in his bed, on the floor, against the wall, on the daybed by the window, and twice in the shower. Each time, I thought that I was spent completely, but within minutes, I only wanted him again. Outside of his cell, I thought about him constantly, even as I made love to his ex-wife, and even years later when I began making love again to James. They shared room in my heart and mind, and I tried not to rank my attachment to them, because James was the love of my life, and Adam was gaining my trust and love, and Janna needed me more than she needed anyone else. I could not and would not determine who I loved the most; my mind and heart simply would not allow it. Perhaps because Adam was kept from me, I longed for him the most. I ached for him. Perhaps it was because I could feel how badly he ached for me.
“How I found out about you?” He asked me, and when I looked up at him, I saw that he had been lying with his eyes closed.
“I am sorry, honey, were you going to sleep?” I asked him.
“No, just resting my eyes.”
“Said every person ever who was falling asleep.” 
He chuckled, and I smiled. 
“I will admit, you have worn me out, as you former Eartheans say. But if there were ever a better way to be worn out, I do not know it.”
“Nor do I.” I kissed his cheek, and he turned his head towards me and kissed my lips. “I already know about the prophecy. I want to know about how you realized that I was the prophecy.”
“Ah, yes. I am surprised you have not asked me this before. I dreamed of your face and name, the same way that James dreamed your face and name. I saw you for years, Brynna. Before you or your parents or your grandparents were born. I never saw this, of course. I only saw that an Athene would be born on Earth, but never did I think that I would fall in love with the newest Athene. Never did I think that I could love one so young. But then, you are not young. Not really.”
“Yes, not really.” I said, and we laughed.
“So, Maxwell owed me a favor for my help in disposing of his wife. Had I not intervened, he would have either confessed or been caught by your law enforcement and spent the last days of Earth rotting in a jail cell.”
“Don’t sound so elated by the idea. I swear, I can almost hear you drooling just at the thought, Adam Elohimson.”
“I do apologize.”
“I do accept. Continue.”
“Alright. I told him that you had been born twenty-two years earlier, and that I had not been able to find you until then. I will not tell you again what I asked for him to do, because I do not wish to invoke your ire.”
“My ire that is absolutely merited, and then some.”
“Yes.” He agreed, “You are right, as always.”
“You have to say that.”
“I do, but in this case, it is true.” He turned on his side, facing me, and clasped my hands. “Did you see how I looked at you the first night you were here? By the One God, I could not believe my eyes.” He brushed my hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear, “I felt a flicker of it then.”
“Of what?” I asked softly.
“Of this. Of the love I would have for you. Of this devotion to you, of this instinct to protect you. Of this desire to do nothing else but make you happy for all of your eternal life.”
I smiled, closed the space between us, and kissed him softly. For a long time, we kissed, our lips moving together gently, and when I laid back down on my pillow, I was still facing him.
“Do you want to know what I felt when I saw you?” I asked.
“I saw it in your heart, so I already know. You were afraid, though you did not show it. If I had not looked into your heart, I never would have known, and I was in awe of you.” His hand came up to rest on my cheek, and his eyes darkened as his voice lowered, “I watched that man put his hands on you. I watched him strike you so hard that you collapsed. I wanted to run up behind him, rip out his spine, and snatch out his heart. I did not, and I am glad, for he was not mine to kill. He was yours.”
“Yes.” I nodded, “And I did a number on him, didn’t I?” 
“You did, my love. He felt every moment of his pain, and I am glad.”
“As am I.” I kissed him again and curled up against his chest, “I love you so much, Adam. You have my love.”
“I love you as well, my queen, and you have my love.”
We had fallen into the deep sleep only epic love-making can produce, and when they had come to take me away from him, I had held on, my arms around his neck, squeezing tightly. He kissed my neck, my shoulder, my lips, my cheek, my forehead, wherever his lips could reach, over and over again, holding me still. They wrenched me from his grip, and then they wrenched him from mine. As they began to drag me away, I reached out, grasped Adam’s face, and kissed him one last time.
The vacant bed that would eventually be occupied by Grace had been occupied by Rachel then, and Joe had still been alive. I passed the closet they had deemed theirs, and sure enough, I heard the heavy breathing, the rattling of shelves, and the occasional loud moan. Rachel and Joe, and Tony and Tom, were two couples who were fortunate enough to see each other all the time during those first years. At that time, James and I were irreversibly separated, and I saw Adam once a month when the on-ship doctors thought I had the highest chance of becoming pregnant. I envied their ability to be together, but I was happy for them.
In a lot of ways, I was happy then. Violet was alive, she was being cared for by Dr. Miletus and Dr. Miletus’s wife. Quinn and Alice were alive. Penny was with me, I was in love with Adam, and I felt very fondly for Janna. But a part of me was gaping, empty, a chasm filled with darkness that had no end. James. He passed me without a second glance, he fought back with me physically after I had begun to make my name as Brynna Elohimson, the master of the Lapsarian. He wanted me to hurt. I never saw anything but the deepest hatred in his eyes, and yet I still loved him. With everything, I loved him, for three whole years. In retrospect, it was not long at all. But as each day passed, as I watched him grow to love Janna perhaps more than he had ever loved me, as he and I fought violently, as he hauled me off to the Warden when the Warden demanded my presence, as he found the spots on me most sensitive to his devastating touch, as I found the spots on him that made him bite through his lip to keep from screaming out in pain, I loved him still. And he hated me. 
Irreversible. 
***
“Nothing.” Rachel had told me dejectedly as she threw herself down onto her bed. “Nothing. Empty fucking space, Brynna.”
We had been onboard for a year and a half, and she and Joe, despite being imprisoned, had not put their efforts to conceive on hold. Rachel went to the doctor’s every month to see if the miracle had finally happened, only to come away disappointed each time. She was by no means required to conceive a child with her husband like I was required to conceive one with mine; in fact, by the Old Spirit laws, she and Joe were not even married anymore. Her efforts to conceive were totally her choice. 
“Oh, honey…” I got off of my bed and sat down beside her. 
“It’s impossible to get pregnant on this planet.”
“You know what I am going to say.”
“I know, but please don’t say it.”
“I won’t.”
“Alright, say it.” She relented, “Sometimes it makes me feel better.”
“You don’t want to raise a baby in a place like this. Penny is kept from me in the Juvenile Ward, and she survives because the parents of the other children fear me. I could make them fear me on your behalf as well…”
“I could make them fear me.”
“I know you could.”
“Not like you, of course. But I could try. I would. You know I would do anything to keep this baby safe. We both want one so badly. We’ve been trying for ten years, since before we even came here. On Earth, we did everything we could possibly do except visit witch doctors, and trust me, if they listed Voodoo Queens online, and if we hadn’t lived in fucking Maine, then we would have done that.”
She turned to me and laid her head in my lap.
“Every time I get my period, I feel like I’m failing him. Failing myself. It sounds like Lifetime movie shit, but it’s true. It just sucks, Brynn. Doesn’t the fact that we’ve tried for so long mean anything?”
“I don’t know.” I told her, “I wish I had some advice to give you besides the random tidbits I recall from the pregnancy manuals my father bought my mother when they were trying to conceive Penny.”
“He bought her manuals for that?”
“He did. They were having trouble, and he figured if she became learned in the art of baby-making, perhaps it would increase their chances. I mean, there is nothing more arousing than reading about estrogen levels and lactating breasts.”
She laughed at that harder than I thought she would, but that was Rachel; she always thought my jokes were funny, even when I did not.
“You and James never tried?” She asked, and her tone betrayed her caution in pushing the subject too far, though she needn’t have been worried about my reaction. My heart had steeled itself to the subject of him by then; I grieved in private, and I did so quietly. I allowed an ache, a flicker of longing, and then I silenced it. It would kill me, that need for him. Instead of it killing me, I killed it. It was my defense mechanism, my wild animal instincts lashing out at a threat, my coldness cradling me. 
Thinking about James and me conceiving a child made me very sad, because it was something we had sworn we would never do, because we had had our hands full with Penny and Violet. He did not know that it was impossible for me then, but even if it had not been, we would not have wanted children of our own. Adam had told me once that if we were so fortunate as to live for hundreds of years, our minds would change, and we would want to continue our bloodline. I had disagreed, and I had not changed my mind years later. 
“We never thought about it. You know that we had sex constantly, sometimes up to three or four times a day, and we still never thought about it. But let’s not talk about him.”
She reached back and grasped my hand.
“Whatever you want, Chiquitita. Joe and I went eight times in a day once, when Dr. Miletus said I was totally fertile, and still, nothing.”
“And did she check to make sure he was not… you know… shooting blanks, as they say.”
“Yup. She checked. He’s shooting thousands of bullets, just like he’s supposed to, and my target is as receptive as it can possibly be. God, it sucks, Brynna. Can you magically put a child in my womb? Can you use your power to create life in your hand, and then you can put your hand on my belly, and voila, you have impregnated your best friend.”
I laughed at that rather heartily and continued stroking her hair.
“I shall get working on that ability, sweetheart. I would so love to be your Baby Daddy. Though we must not tell Joe.”
***
When the monstrous cramp ripped through my lower belly like a deep slash from a burning blade, I assumed that my mind returned for some reason to mine and Rachel’s many conversations about baby-making and her attempts to conceive and my attempts to not conceive from a year and a half earlier. But then, before my sleeping mind had even resurfaced into consciousness, I had fully convinced myself that this pain was the same terrible sort that I had felt that night with my first Rachel, when we had been sitting on the couch, her drinking wine, and me drinking water, both of us with our eyes fixed to the film we had been watching, when all of a sudden, I had felt a distinctive drip down below, and then, as I ran into the bathroom, the drip turned into a stream, and the stream turned into a gushing flow of bright, angry red…
“Adam!” 
I cried out his name before I had even opened my eyes, before my hand had even come down to grasp my lower stomach.
He sat up, so awake and alert that I wondered if he had been sleeping at all. 
“What is it, my beauty? Are you alright?” He asked me as he took the hand that was not on my stomach.
“Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, God, Adam, oh God… Oh, my God… Oh, my God… No, no, no, no…” 
I threw the blankets off of me to look, but my eyes squeezed shut by their own will before my bare legs could be exposed to their sight. My body was shaking so badly that the mattress beneath me was vibrating, and my hands reached out and grabbed onto Adam’s because though the pain was significantly less severe, I was remembering how Rachel had been holding me from behind, keeping a bath towel pressed between my legs, telling me that everything was going to be alright, everything was going to be alright, everything was going to be alright…
“There is no blood.” Adam told me softly, reading my mind as always, though I did not know if I had accidentally pushed those old memories into his mind. “Sweetheart, look.” His finger rested under my chin, and I opened my eyes, shaking still, to see that my legs were clean. My lungs expelled a huge breath I hadn’t realized I was holding, and my body lost all of its tension to slump against his as the tears took me. Trembling violently, I reached out to hold onto him, and he whispered to me her same words almost exactly, saying everything was alright, and I was safe…
 “You had a nightmare, Brynna.” He whispered, “It was only a bad dream.”
“No. I felt it.” I told him, so softly that I swore he would not be able to hear me.
“Are you due?”
“No. But it felt like… It was like a really bad cramp, but I rarely get cramps, because there is hardly anything to cramp, because it does not work so well down there, so…” I looked up at him, “Janna told Rachel that with both Idan and Caspar, she felt this one huge, terrible cramp, and Dr. Miletus said that it was her very first sign of…” I stopped, and immediately, I felt the color drain from my face. 
“That did happen. I remember her waking just like this when it was Caspar stirring within her for the first time, and I remember her grasping our dining room table to keep herself upright when it was Idan.” 
“But it’s impossible, Adam. You know it’s impossible. You felt it! You said you knew I couldn’t. So, it is just… It is just… Tell me that this is nothing, Adam.”
I took his hand and rested it on my lower stomach, looking into his green eyes as he pushed very gently. The pain was subsiding, and I realized that it had really been one very severe burst of pain followed by several small aftershocks. It was nothing like what I had experienced that night with Rachel. 
“Lie down for me.” He said, and I did. Both of his hands ran over my stomach, feeling it from all different angles, pushing very gently still. “Any pain, my love?”
“No. What is it?”
“If ever there were a moment that I needed Luciana Miletus, this is it…” He murmured, more to himself than to me, “Brynna…” He grasped my hand, “You are still damaged, but…”
“But what?”
“I do not understand it…”
“But what, Adam?!”
“There is life.” 
“What?!” I exclaimed, sitting up and turning on the light, and then laying back down. I ran my hands slowly down my stomach, turning them this way and that, like I was searching through sand for some lost treasure. When my hands were turned downwards, in the direction of my feet, and tucked into the hemline of my shorts, I felt it. She was too small then to kick or to move, but she was there. I couldn’t picture her, because the idea of her was just so abstract to me. But regardless, I felt her. This warm little light, this baby, this little girl, this life. 
“Adam.” I whispered, and I looked up at him, my eyes wide, and my body shaking even worse now. “Adam, oh my God. Oh, my God!” I sat up, but then I could not feel her, so I laid back down. “Oh, my God, Adam. Feel! Feel!” 
He laughed, kissed me, and rested his hand in between both of mine. I laughed, somewhat hysterically, wanting to cry because I was simultaneously so terrified and yet so elated suddenly. I had sworn that I did not want children of my own, and yet now, as I laid in bed with Adam, feeling my belly, feeling her there, feeling that life inside of me, I wondered why I had not wanted her before. How could there be any other thought in my head or feeling in my heart but longing for this life now inside of me, for this life that Adam and I had made? Part of it was my defense mechanism, because I had been told that I could not conceive, and part of it was my fear of treating a child the way that I had been treated, which was irrational, certainly, but I could not put that fear to bed for the life of me. 
But now that she was there, now that I could feel her, I wanted her, more than I had ever wanted anything in my life.
“Oh, Brynna… My love…” Adam said, as he adjusted his hands, “She is strong. I am…” He smiled, but it vanished suddenly, “Oh, by the One God, she is going to want to keep the company of young men when she is of age, and I am going to lose my hair from worry.” 
I burst out laughing, grasping my stomach even harder. 
“She is going to be beautiful like her mother. I am going to keep a sword on hand at all times.”
“Oh, stop!” I said, laughing, “She will be smart like her mother, too, but not afraid. She is going to love and be happy, hopefully more than she is hurt, but she will be hurt, and it is all going to be alright. We will be right there for her. Oh, my God, Adam, she’s there!” I laughed again, and then I threw my arms around him and kissed him. The tears came finally, streaming down my face quick and fast like a heavy rain, and two streamed from his eyes as he kissed me back. 
“You have my love more than anyone ever has, Brynna Elohimson. You and this girl and Idan and Penny… You are my light. By the One God, you have my love, Brynna.” He kissed me, “You have my love.”
I smiled, laughing, keeping one hand on my belly, to feel her there still, and one hand on his face, to feel him.
“And you have mine. All of mine, Adam.”
***
“Oh, my God!” Rachel said, as she laid her head on my stomach and gently moved her hands around, “Oh, my God! Brynna!” 
Now, let me clarify this: A year and a half had passed between mine and Rachel’s conversation about Joe and their attempts to conceive and my sudden pregnancy. We had lost Joe in that time. It was tragic, and terrible, and utterly traumatizing. He died a death he did not deserve to die, a death that slandered whatever name he might have had, and robbed his wife of him at a time when despite their circumstances, they were happy, and in those circumstances, they were one of the only blessings the other had. I will remember Joe Klein until the day I die, and I wish that I could say that I remember only his life, but his death, and the after-effects of his death, are what I remember most of all. I will remember her scream after they swung the blade down on his neck more frequently and with more pain than I will remember him, and I am sad to say that. I am sad that they took the memories of Joe, my best friend’s husband, Joe, my friend, Joe, the botanist, and Joe, the joker, and replaced them with the memories of that blade, that death, that scream…
I tell you all of this so I can say this: Coming to Rachel with news of my pregnancy was about as easy as going to my parents had been. She would not be mad like they had been, but she would hurt. She would hurt badly.
“I know!” I said, and I only beamed brightly when I saw the huge smile on her face. “I was unsure if I should tell you, because…”
“No, crazy ass! Of course you should tell me! I’m happy for you! Is Adam happy? What did he say?”
“No, no…” I grasped her hand, “I don’t want to talk about this unless you are alright, Rachel.”
“Brynna.” She squeezed my hands and turned my head so I was looking at her, “I am so happy. Read my mind. Read my heart.” She grinned, “And tell me what Adam said, or I’ll punch you, because I need to know!”
“Uh, fine. He said nothing about that damn prophecy, thank God, because he must know that I do not want to hear about it. But he is so happy! He’s so excited that he is going to have a daughter. Terrified, too, but then, so am I.”
“Oh, my God, can you imagine what Penny is going to do when she finds out that she is going to have a little sister?”
“Oh, my God, I didn’t tell you. When I saw her today, she ran up to me, touched my belly, beamed from ear to ear, and said, ‘It’s a girl, Mama!’”
“No, she didn’t.”
“She did!”
“Oh, my God, Brynn, she’s going to be just like you.”
“Oh, God, don’t say that. Also, fun side note, do you know how many times we have said ‘oh, my God’ in the past three minutes of conversation?”
“Oh, my God, we’ve probably said ‘Oh, my God’ about thirty times!” She threw her arms around me and began to rock me back and forth as she squeezed me, “It’s the huge burst of estrogen in this room that can only be brought about by a birth announcement! By the promise of new life! By the promise of a new ass-kicking female being added to our family of ass-kickers!”
She kissed my cheek obnoxiously, and I laughed.
“What about James?” I asked her suddenly, and I wondered for a moment if I had said it at all. Her reaction told me that I had; she turned to me abruptly with her eyes slightly wide. 
“Brynna…” She said, “We’ve talked about this. It’s been almost three years, honey.”
“I know.”
“You two have spent this entire time fighting. He has tried to kill you.”
“I know. Just ignore me. It’s an old habit to worry about him. A habit that won’t break, I suppose.”
“Remember what we always say: He’s gone, and it’s irreversible, but he’s alright.”
“Somewhere, he’s happy. Somehow, he’s happy.” I shrugged, and tried to pretend like what I said next did not totally destroy me inside. “Maybe he and Janna will have a baby now.”
Rachel grasped my hand, knowing that I was saying that only because I should.
“I don’t think so. But if they do, we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. Okay?”
I nodded.
“Of course.”
***
“Don’t touch me.” I had told James as he pulled me onto my feet. It had been three long years of fighting with him. It had been three years of him taking me to and from the Warden’s room. It had been three years since we had arrived. 
I was in the Warden’s room, but he was not there, and once again, I could remember only bits and pieces. Even the tiniest memories made my stomach turn, and when James placed his hand on my back to roughly flip me over before I vomited all over the Warden’s bed, the pain left me crying out.
“Get up.” He said gruffly, “Get dressed.”
Though I had been moving slowly into a sitting position, when his hands grasped my upper arms hard, and that sharp, searing pain ripped through me, I collapsed back onto the bed. 
There is tradition that must be upheld. There are rules. For nuisances like you, this is the punishment. 
I remembered the Warden’s voice, and finally, the nausea in my stomach intensified to a point that I could vomit. 
Don’t worry. The child is his. But you are not.
I was choking, and yet I felt purified. The bile spewed from me, and I realized that I was on my stomach only after I felt James’s hands leave me. He was still sitting beside me, holding my hair back. Maybe. He moved so quickly that I could not be sure if he had really been there at all, or if I was simply projecting some imaginary scenario in which I saw what I wished he would do. I remembered the night of Tony and Tom’s wedding three and a half years earlier, when I had had too much to drink, and I had told him that I was going to be very sick in the morning.
And I’ll take care of you. He had said.
“James.” I said, because I could not see where he had gone. I heard the shower running, maybe. I could not be sure of anything. My mind was connecting, becoming hyper-aware of every sound and movement in the room, and just as quickly it was disconnecting, leaving my ears ringing in the dense silence and my body shaking as I tried to find my way back to reality. 
“Stand up.” He said, and he found spots on me that they had left miraculously untouched when they had tortured us—my hands, my hips, and my butt, mainly. Carefully, he maneuvered me onto my feet. “Alright, I’m going to put my arm around you slowly. I will stop if it hurts you too badly.”
I nodded, and he only somewhat slowly slid his arm around my shoulder. My skin burned in response, and I bit my lip to stifle a cry, but the fact that he did it slowly made the pain subside more quickly. Looking up at him to make sure that he was tolerating it, I wrapped one of my arms around his middle and allowed him to usher me into the bathroom.
The smell of him was all around me. Nostalgia stole me for a few moments; I remembered every morning, waking up beside him, in our first house there and in our second, on the ship as we sailed through space, in the car back on Earth, on the street corner in the city in front of that bar… I remembered cuddling up next to him when we were asleep, burying my face in his neck, sitting perched on top of him as we talked and laughed well into the night, or clutching him to me as we made love. 
“Don’t.” He whispered fiercely, and he went to break away from me, but when my knees began to give out, he stopped and held me tighter.
“I am sorry.” I told him.
“Don’t put those memories in my mind.” He snarled at me as he sat me down on the sink in his bathroom; somehow, we had ended up there in his private quarters.
“I didn’t mean to, James. I am sorry.”
“They don’t mean anything to me anymore.” He continued, just as furiously, “It’s like they happened to someone else.”
“Then why are you being so kind to me now?”
“Because you’re sick. You’re…” He looked down at me, at my stomach, with such a look of disgust on his face that I was simultaneously besieged by a desire to slap him and an urge to cry.
“Adam’s or the Warden’s?” He asked.
“Adam’s.”
“I’m sure you’re thankful.”
“I am. Of course I am.”
He reached down, and I flinched terribly and flung backwards in an instinctual effort to avoid the touch of his hand, which caused me to hit my head on the mirror behind me. His arm came up around my shoulders to cradle me, I writhed and reached out instinctively to grasp his upper arm and stop him from touching me, his knees buckled, and he fell into me. 
His thoughts rained into my mind stream, causing the tides to turn. His heart was not far behind. 
The nostalgia I felt was amplified two-fold in him, and together with his guilt, he was almost ill. Though they cannot do so literally, hearts can break, and when they do, it can be lethal. For every race, it is lethal. James was wasting away, being eaten by the guilt he felt over all he had been forced to do to me to keep up the charade. He was being eaten by his longing for me that grew stronger with every day that we were apart. He would not cry for me, the same way that I would not cry for him. But he wondered sometimes if there was a maximum threshold of pain, if there was a breaking point. Some days, he was sure he had reached it. Other days, he knew he had just a little more fight left in him. But right then, as our hands rested on each other’s bodies for a prolonged period for the first time in so long, he could not fight. He could not pretend.
Very tentatively, I put both hands on his face and stroked his clean-shaven face with my thumbs. He winced for a moment, but his eyes held fast to mine. Still just as tentatively, I closed the space between our lips and kissed him lightly, though I held my lips to his for quite a while. He did not pull away in pain, and his lips did push back against mine for a moment, but then, he stopped.
“We can’t.” He said.
“You can’t protect me, James.” I told him, “Haven’t you seen that? Hasn’t taking me to and from his room shown you that?”
“They can’t hurt you by threatening me anymore.”
“He knows I still love you. I told him I would always love you, and he has threatened you countless times.”
“I won’t be able to pretend. I won’t be able to fight back with you. I won’t be able to lay a hand on you. I won’t be able to close my eyes and pretend you’re someone else when I have to fight you.”
“You can, and you will. In that way, you will still be protecting me.”
“Brynna…” He said quietly.
“Say my name again.”
He looked back at me, and his eyes were warmer, though still guarded. Regardless, the tears rushed into my eyes when I saw even that tiny hint of the warmth I knew.
“Say my name again, James.”
“Brynna.” He said, somewhat breathlessly as he came back to me slowly. 
He was in front of me, and very gently, I touched his chest. He exhaled deeply and grasped my wrist gently, because it hurt him, but then, once the pain subsided, he let go and took my other hand. 
“Look at me.” He told me, and I did. “Let your eyes change back over.”
I did, and the past merged back into me. Brynna Olivier was resurrected, and it did not feel regressive or dangerous; it felt utterly natural. James was one of the sole blessings that I had counted when I was her. He was hers, and she was his. At the sight of my blue eyes, he expelled a breath in what sounded like a very soft cry and laugh simultaneously. His hands came up and grasped on my face, and his forehead rested against mine. Without another word, his mouth was on mine, and his tongue was inside, and I was holding him again, kissing him again, pressing my body to his again, feeling his lips down my neck again, down my chest, feeling my breasts in his hands again, in his mouth, his face buried deeply between my legs, my voice moaning the way he loved… He came then, without me touching him, just at that sound he had missed so terribly, and I came, because I was looking down my body at him, watching as he moved between my legs, licking and kissing me in the way he knew I loved. 
He kissed his way back up my stomach, over my breasts, back up to my lips.
“You don’t know how long I have wanted to do that. God, I have ached to do that, Brynna.” He whispered, and I laughed softly. We stayed there, him over top of me, kissing me, and me raising up to kiss him back. I grasped his face, ran my fingers through his hair, and gently scratched my nails down his back, just wanting to hold him, wanting to touch him, and wanting to feel him holding and touching me, even in the places where it hurt. 
“You don’t know how often I have thought of you doing that.” I told him, and he kissed me a little deeper. Tentatively, I pressed a hand to his chest, and gently, I said, “I don’t think we should… I feel like if we…While I’m pregnant, and it’s Adam’s, it’s just…”
“I know.” He said instantly, “Baby, of course not! I totally understand.”
“Well, you have to let me return the favor.”
“Whatever you want. But not yet. I just want to look at you. I just want to hold you for a second.”
“I want you to hold me for longer than a second, James Maxwell.”
He chuckled and kissed me again.
“How does me holding you for six years straight sound?” 
“Very nice, actually. Thank you. Make it twenty years, and I will say that we have a deal.”
“Twenty years it is.”
His hand came down and rested on my lower belly, and he turned his hands until he could feel her there. I watched him smile, and when he looked at me, my smile brightened, because the warmth in his eyes was so genuine. But my heart was worried; I loved Adam, and I loved him, and I was carrying Adam’s child, and I knew that if I wanted it to be so, Adam would allow James to play a large role in our daughter’s life; Adam had promised me that he would make peace with James if I wanted him to do so. But would James be so accepting, so understanding of my needs? Would he be able to put aside his envy and love the baby? Would he be able to love me, knowing I was carrying his old nemesis’ child? If he could not love this child, I could not love him, I knew. She was everything. But I wanted him to love her. Desperately, I wanted him to love her the way he loved our daughter.
“James…” I started to say, because I was going to ask him, I was going to make him decide then and there if he could be a second father to my child.
He kissed me deeply again, and when his lips broke from my lips, he kissed my nose and both of my cheeks.
“She’s yours, so she’s mine, too.” He whispered, “You hear me?”
I nodded, tears beginning to fall from the corners of my eyes. I sat up abruptly and kissed him hard. At first, we both winced, because the contact had come on too suddenly, and it hurt terribly, but then, the pain subsided, and he was kissing me back and holding me. Then, he whispered, “I love you so much, Brynna Olivier. I never stopped.”
I looked up at him and smiled again.
“I never stopped, either. They told me you were gone irreversibly, and I still loved you.”
“Nothing could ever take me away from you irreversibly, sweetheart. I promise you that. I’m yours for as long as you want me to be yours.”
I grasped his face, pulled me to him, and kissed him gently.
“And I am yours, James Maxwell. Until the end of time.”
***
Penny was kept in a small cell by herself that was similar to Adam’s, not in size but in grandeur. All the kids on the ship had nice rooms—they were certainly not spacious, but they contained a nicely furnished bed, a full armoire full of their uniforms, and a desk full of paper and pens. Some kids had never seen rooms so nice even when they were free. I suppose the rehabilitation that the kids were supposed to be undergoing was done outside of their rooms. Tyre could not stand to see any child, even the most allegedly evil, sleeping in squalor. 
I am being sarcastic when I say that. I do not know why he allowed the kids onboard the ship to live in such nice surroundings. 
“Alright, stay here.” I whispered to James after he unlocked the door. 
“Okay,” He whispered back as I went inside. 
“Mommy!” 
She rushed towards me. At that point, we had been on the Lapsarian for three years, and it had become apparent to me that my daughter was not going to age. Idan was not aging, either, and if I had not known any better, I would have thought he and Penny had made a pact to remain unchanged, for whatever reason. 
I certainly did not mind her staying young. I loved my little Penny. I would love her when she was teenage and adult Penny, of course. But I loved my little girl, and if she wanted to stay a little girl forever, I would not complain. 
“Mommy, your belly!” She told me excitedly as she gently placed both hands on it. When she found the place where the baby was situated, she kissed it. 
“Is it growing?” I asked her, “Does it look bigger already?”
“Yes!” She exclaimed, “A little bit! When is she going to be here, Mama?”
“Not for a while, baby. But there’s someone else here to see you.”
“Who?” She asked, and then she gasped and asked me in a gleefully conspiratorial tone, “Did you sneak Adam out of his room?!”
“No.” I said, before turning back and saying to James, “Come in, baby.” 
“I don’t know if she’s going to be excited,” He started to say, “Or if she’s going to be angry that I…”
But Penny’s reaction to him was resolute and resounding. Before he had even come completely through the door, she had charged him and jumped up into his arms. 
“DADDY!” She screamed, and gently, we shushed her, as James closed the door. Penny was sobbing as quietly as she could, and James had his face turned in to her shoulder so he could cry, too. I stood back, crying because I was so happy that they were reunited, though I wanted to tell myself that the reason why I was crying so much was because of my pregnancy hormones. 
“How are you, turnip?” He asked, “I’ve been keeping an eye on you.”
“I’m fine, Daddy.” She replied, “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine, baby. I’m perfect now, actually.”
She looked back at me.
“Can Mommy touch you again? Can you give her hugs like you used to?”
“Yeah, look. Come here, baby.” He told me, and I came over, nestled my head against his shoulder, and hid the quick shock of pain I felt when his arm wrapped around my back. After the pain had subsided, though, I turned my face closer to him as my tears increased. The three of us were together again, and they were so happy to see each other, and I was so happy for them. I squeezed him, and I squeezed her, and James kissed my forehead as the tears continued falling from his eyes. 
“I love you both so much,” I told them, as I angled my face up so he could kiss me softly, “I am so happy right now that I am never going to stop crying.”
“Aww, Mommy, don’t cry.” Penny told me, “The baby will think you’re sad.” She looked at James, “Are you excited for the baby, Daddy?”
“I am so excited, baby.” He replied, “Are you excited to be a big sister?”
“Yes.” She replied, “I am going to teach her so many things. I am going to read to her, and teach her how to write her name, and then I’m going to teach her how to ride a bike. When we leave here, I’ll teach her that. Daddy, you have to do what you did for me, when you taught me to ride a bike in Shadow Village! We can both hold on to the back of the bike until she learns to pedal, and then we let go, and she’ll be so happy when she does it all by herself, just like I was!”
I remembered that day very fondly, but the memory had been most pervasive while James and I had been separated. I remembered how James was known (at least to me) for having a short temper sometimes, but with Penny, his patience knew no bounds. They had gone up and down the street, Penny pedaling wildly on the old bicycle we had bought for her birthday, her teeth gritted and her eyes narrowed in a fierce and adorable look of determination, and he had been running behind her, keeping her upright until she told him to let go. By the end of the day, we were watching as she pedaled her way up and down the street all on her own. Remembering that day reminded me of how great of a father he was to her, and how I had not wanted anyone else in that role but him. When he was gone, the memory hurt terribly, but now that he was back, it just made me smile as it had before he had been taken from me.
“You’ll have to help me teach her, though, Dad.” Penny said, “And Mommy can help me teach her how to read and write and be really smart.”
“Yeah, Daddy’s no good at that. That’s all Mommy’s area.” 
I laughed at that and kissed his cheek. 
“But if she wants to take her bike apart and put it back together,” I looked at Penny who grinned guiltily, because one afternoon, she randomly expressed the desire to disassemble and reassemble her bike, which she and James had actually done. “She is going to need your engineering expertise.”
“Thank God we balance each other out: You give her the book smarts and epic knowledge skills, and I give her the engineering prowess. Oh, and you give her the good looks, of course.”
“Oh, stop.” I said, and I actually blushed, “I forgot how much I missed your compliments.”
“You never forgot how much you missed him.” Penny said, ratting me out. James looked at me, eyebrows raised, grinning stupidly, and lightly, I punched him in the arm.
“Shut up, James!” I exclaimed, “And Penelope! Do not give me away! He will surely use this knowledge of how much I missed him against me.”
“No.” He said, and after he had put her down, and she had scampered off to get the picture she had drawn that she wanted to show him, he turned me to him gently. I reached up, wrapped my arms around his neck, and let him slide his hands from my hips to my butt so he could pull me closer to him. “I could never use it against you. Because though I hid it well, which, believe me, took concentration skills I never knew I had, there wasn’t a minute that went by these past three years that I didn’t miss you. And there wasn’t a minute that passed that I didn’t miss her.” 
We looked at Penny to find that she was rooting through the papers in her desk, murmuring, “Where is it, where is it, where, oh, where did I put it?” absent-mindedly, which made both James and I chuckle at the utter adorableness of it.
“I don’t ever want to miss you like that again.” I told him, “You’ve protected me all these years by staying away, and now you’re enmeshed with them, and that could be beneficial for us. But whatever you do from here on out, James, even if it is to protect me, I do not want to think that you are gone irreversibly. I do not want there to be any secrets between us ever again.”
For a long time, he looked at me, his eyes a lighter shade of brown, which told me that his heart was full to the brim with sadness. I stood on my tiptoes and kissed him gently.
“I am not angry.” I told him, “Not at you, anyway. I just would not be able to stand it if you were lost to me like that again.”
He dipped his head down so he could press his lips to mine, and my hand came up to rest on his cheek as I kissed him back.
“I promise you,” He said, while his forehead was rested against mine, “That I am going to be here. For the rest of your life, and Penny’s life, and the baby’s life, I am going to be right here with you. No more secrets. Never again. I swear, Brynna.”
I smiled, and he smiled, too, because I believed him. I knew he was not lying, and a weight was lifted from me as he made that promise. 
All of mine and James’s problems had been the result of deeply-kept secrets, either mine or his. I trusted him, and trusted his word, when he said that there would not be any secrets anymore. I loved him, so I trusted him.
I only hoped he would not make me sorry for trusting him, as he had so many times before.
***
The following morning, I was escorted into the Warden’s office, and my heart was calm, because I knew that while the ship was docked, he went and received his fill of exotic booze and women in the nearest city, so he would not concern himself with receiving his fill of me. 
To my immense surprise, however, Tyre was sitting behind his desk.
“Strange when the ship stops moving, isn’t it?” He asked me, and I wondered if he was making some kind of clever metaphor for the pregnancy, but after running through various possibilities as to what that metaphor might be, I decided that that could not possibly have been his intention. And in fact, it was strange when we docked to refuel. Over the years, we had all grown so used to near-constant movement, as the sea sunk beneath the weight of the heavy metal behemoth on which we all lived. When we docked, everyone got antsy; more people were thrown into the Dark Rooms for starting fights, or for killing other inmates, or for just starting chaos. Perhaps it was the sudden possibility of freedom, however small that possibility might have been. If someone found his or her way onto the upper decks, he or she might have been able to jump off the ship and make a break for it before the hundred or so guards keeping watch could riddle them with bullets. Perhaps one of us could find our way back into the forest, or disappear into the crowd in one of Pangaea’s various cities. But we more than likely could not.
“Strange when menial conversations are started when the speaker intends to broach a very serious subject.”
He laughed softly and gestured for me to sit, and I did, though I did not want to seem as though I were readily obeying him now that I was imprisoned. It was the first time I had seen him in three years, since he had tortured James and me, and I knew that he had heard all about my on-ship antics. I did not want him to think that in his presence, I would go soft, when outside of his presence, I was so scarily hard. But my stomach was rolling, and I had already thrown up four times that morning, so I sat. 
“I see that your wit has not been lessened by your time here.” He said kindly, “I am glad to see that, Brynna.”
“I am sure.”
“How are you keeping?”
“You mean in my new role as queen of the Lapsarian, or as Adam’s wife? I am sure you mean my new role, but if you would like to hear about mine and Adam’s life as husband and wife, I will gladly take up your time.”
“I meant all of it, so please, take up my time.”
“Well, I enjoy being allowed to fight all who confront me, and to kill those I deem fit to die, if I am to be honest, which, of course, I am. While I do not relish taking lives that perhaps do not have to be taken, a woman must protect herself, especially a woman who is married to the former King of Purissimus. Many have tried to fight me, or rape me, or kill me for that reason alone. So, I got to thinking…”
“An intricate and fascinating endeavor, I am sure, as brilliant as that mind of yours is.”
“Thank you for the random complimentary interruption, and yes, it is intricate and fascinating.” He smiled but let me continue, “I got to thinking on how to solve the dilemma of every man and his brother trying to pin the King’s wife against a wall and fuck her…” 
Very subtly, I looked for a sign that he was disturbed by my cursing, because I knew that he thought it sinful, but I got nothing. Disappointing…
“Or every woman and her sister trying to prove her dominance over one they had heard was so brilliant, beautiful, and deadly that the First King of Pangaea would scour the Earth to find her, and my solution to those dilemmas was to make them afraid. I have all of this strength at my disposal, and excellent fighting skills, and a thirst for blood, not to mention my coveted power, so why not use them all to my advantage? My instinct tells me that you thought this place would break me, but as you can see, it has only made me stronger.”
“Your instinct is wrong, Brynna. Strangely enough. I knew that you would thrive here. A part of me hoped that you would come to see the error of your ways, as they say. A part of me hoped you would come to see that you have a place amongst us, out there in the free world, if only you chose to revoke your allegiance to your old ways and adopt ours, but I did not expect that to actually occur. And now,” His eyes broke from mine, traveled down my face, quickly over my chest, and finally rested on my stomach, and it was then that dizziness surged through me. “Look. You are expecting your first child.”
“How did you know?”
“I have many sources here, Brynna. I always have a source close to you.”
Cryptic. Capable of forcing me to view every person around me as a threat, even those I trusted most. But unimportant in that moment.
“You have gone white.” He told me, and if he were feigning genuine concern, he was doing so convincingly. He stood, moved to a small cooler in the corner of the office, and extracted a glass bottle of water. “From the spring of the Mother. A very sacred place, for those of us who believe the Old Ways. The true ways. I had this brought here specifically for you. Whenever a high-standing woman is expecting, she drinks this. I have been told that it is the crispest and coldest water anyone has ever drunk, and that one sip will make an expectant mother feel fulfilled for all of her pregnancy.”
“I do not like being given beverages by anyone other than close family and friends.”
“I have no need to give you drugs, if that is what you fear.”
“It is exactly what I fear. You know me so well.”
“We are getting along so nicely, why would I slip something into your drink that would make you lose consciousness? You are always honest with me, sometimes brutally so, so why would I slip you something that would promise your honesty? One of the things I love most about you, Brynna, is that what I want to know, you tell me.”
I took a sip of the water, sloshed it around my mouth expectantly, and swallowed.
“Tastes like river water to me, but then, I do have quite a humble palate. Oh, you know what else it tastes like? There was this very expensive bottled water on Earth. I cannot remember the name, but apparently, their water was purified through the normal means of reverse osmosis, but it was also purified with the highest-grade minerals. I was always surprised that they did not print right on the bottle that it would cure cancer and blindness and the Red Fever.” 
“Don’t be crass.”
“I am always crass.” I said, and I took another sip, because I really was thirsty. “I am going to say this now, Tyre, to eliminate any question of it when my daughter is born: You will not have her. She will not serve whatever purpose it is that you have in mind for her.”
“She will, and so will you, and so will young Penelope. She has miraculously received your gift, has she not?”
The dizziness intensified, making it feel to me as though the ship were rising and falling the way it did when we sailed through a particularly violent storm. But I would not give in. I would not lose consciousness. I could not. Not now. Not when my girls’ lives depended upon it.
“I thought it was a curse, Tyre.”
“Not yours. Not when it is given to so few. Not when I had eradicated every one of your kind, and then just one more was born. You were born, and to an Earthean human, no less. An Earthean human woman who lived her life drowning in spirits and in her own utter rage and bitterness. An Earthean human male with a…” He cleared his throat uncomfortably, “With very despicable tastes.”
More dizziness.
“What is your purpose?” I asked, because I was trying to remain focused, even as the anxiety spiked my heart rate and sent my blood rocketing through my veins at hyper-speed. “Or purposes? What do you want with them?”
“That is not of your concern right now.”
“You have won, Tyre. What more do you need?”
“Have you not seen with the fall of your despicable kind, both here and on Earth, that times change? Regimes fall, new ones rise, and if one wants to remain on top, one must take preventative measures. You have the gift of foresight, and so does Penelope, and so will your new daughter. Adam has told you that your gift is indispensable, and it is. It will be as indispensable to me as it was to him.”
“No.”
“You have no choice. But do not worry, not one of you will be treated poorly. You are too important. You will not enjoy the ‘freedoms’ Adam’s reign afforded, but you will not suffer the punishments women of your kind normally suffer.”
“And what about Adam?”
“Adam has served his purpose.”
I looked up at him, watching as the corners of my vision began to black out, feeling my heart somehow manage to pound even harder.
“So you will kill him now?” I asked, trying to keep my voice level.
“After the child is born, he will be executed publicly. I will allow him to meet his daughter, because I am kind. Moreover, I do not want to put unnecessary strain on you, given your condition.”
I could not determine whether he meant my condition of being pregnant, or if he knew that I should not have been pregnant in the first place. I would keep the latter a secret for as long as I could, especially if, Heaven forbid, something happened to this child, and we needed Tyre to think that we could conceive a new one. But I could not even fathom that. I could not fathom a world in which the little life within me was not born.
“Is fearing for the day this child is born, because that will be the day that my daughters and I are sold off to you, and I lose my husband, whom I love very much, good for me and my condition?”
“No, I suppose not.” He leaned forward, “Brynna, do you love him? Truly? Deeply?”
“Yes.” I said, without hesitation. I could feel my throat clenching, and my head was still spinning, because I was barely breathing. “And I would like it very much if you would allow him to live, Tyre.”
“I cannot.”
“Why not? What difference does it make if he is here, and I am with you? I just want him to live. I want him to know his daughter, to be there for his son. Why do you need to kill him if he remains here?”
“Because he is my oldest enemy, and he is their leader, and if I show him mercy, your people and my people will view me as weak. I have few ill feelings towards Adam these days. This fight has gone on for too long, it is hard to still feel the same sour grapes, as your kind would say.”
“That is not how we use that expression.” I replied, almost absent-mindedly, because my heartbeat was fluttering, my mind was racing, and I was struggling to keep my breaths even. I could not imagine my life without him. More than that, I could not imagine the world without him. He was the leader of our kind. Our people feared him, but they respected him and his rule. Tyre could say what he wanted about my husband, but his people loved him. His reign had lasted several thousand years, and he had fought many battles and won many wars. He fostered a kingdom in which there was almost absolute freedom, and that is what people wanted.
“Tyre.” I said, and I looked up at him, my eyes turning back to their normal blue now as I began to implore him, “He is my husband. I know you thought you had won something over me when you married me to him, but all you did was force us to join together as we had been starting to do and stopping to do for two years. I love him so much, and he is the father of my child now, and I need him. All I ask is that you let him live, even if it is here on the ship, and I am out there, with you, wherever you want me to be.”
“No. He will be executed, and you will be present to watch.”
I don’t know from where the sudden speed and strength came, but it was double my normal speed and strength. Before his eyelids could close even a fraction of a blink, I was on him, my hands around his throat, my eyes both white now, and my fangs out. My animal instincts were driving my mind. To them, he was not my husband’s worst enemy, nor was he the leader of our opponents in battle, he was merely prey in need of slaughtering. He had threatened my husband, my children, and me, and for that, he would suffer. In the recognition of it being a revenge killing and a preventative measure against further violence Tyre could inflict on our family, I saw my humanity, but in my thirst for his blood, I was only animal.
Snapping my jaws, I lunged forward, and he held me back with more ease than I could have imagined. My chest pushed hard against his arms, struggling to get my face closer to his face so I could take a bite out of it the way I had done to Mary Bachum (I had forgotten to ask how she was). My gums were almost throbbing, sending shockwaves of vibrations through my teeth, which were rattling in desire for the moment they could sink into his skin, into the pulsing vein in his throat…
“Bring him in!” Tyre shouted, and when the door opened, and I became aware of Adam’s scent, Tyre was able to flip me over, wrap one of his arms around my neck, and pin both of my arms behind my back with his other hand. 
Four of the Warden’s guards were dragging him in, and not one of them was James, thank God. 
“Let her go, Tyre.” Adam said, very calmly, but both Tyre and I knew he was anything but calm.
“Shall I kill him now?” Tyre asked in my ear, his voice trembling in rage, “Shall I rip his head from his body and tie it around your neck? That is what we do to husbands and wives who conspire against my cathedra. It is called ‘albatrossing’—Sever the head of one and force the other to wear it around his or her neck? Is that what you want?”
“Tyre, let go of her.” Adam barked, a little more forcefully now. 
“Or maybe, if you want him so badly, I will cut this baby out, and you may have him until he can plant another seed in your belly?”
“TYRE!” Adam bellowed, and everything glass in the office shattered. I heard the snapping of several bones, and when I looked, two of Adam’s guards were lying on the ground with both legs snapped clean in half, and one was slouched against the wall, screaming as he cradled a broken wrist to his chest. The gun he had been holding had crashed to the floor, and Adam had picked it up and was holding it against Tyre’s forehead.
“Unhand my wife…” He said in a voice trembling with rage, “Now.”
Tyre had been twisting my arms so hard that I had felt my shoulder ligaments beginning to pull apart, and my wrists had been splintering under his grip. I had been grimacing in pain but not crying out, and I had not realized how terrible the pain was until I was no longer experiencing it, and the relief was unfathomable. I collapsed into Adam’s arms, my own flew around him, holding him tightly, so tightly I feared briefly that I would be the one to kill him by cutting off his circulation and ability to breathe, and I was shaking so badly that he had to hold me with both hands to keep my body somewhat still against his. 
“You have shown your hand again, Brynna.” Tyre snarled at me as more guards arrived, “Did you not learn with James that I will prey upon those for whom you care so deeply if you continue to disobey me?”
Tyre’s thoughts told me what he was about to do. I turned around, throwing my arms across Adam before Adam could jump in front of me, because he had seen him pick up the gun. His thoughts had not told me who it would be, but Adam’s reflexes were faster than mine, his cognition of the downward movement of Tyre’s hand, what it meant, was shrewder than mine… 
I felt the blood spreading outwards on my shirt before I felt the pain. The bullet was a bomb, the bullet hole the point of impact, the spreading blood the nuclear fallout storming outwards in every direction. I heard Adam bellow, not a word, but some animalistic sound of pure rage, I felt his hands pressing to the wound, felt my own jerking down to cover his. I felt Tyre grab my chin roughly in his hand, felt him harshly jerk my head upwards so I was looking at him. My vision was blurry, and I could not hear what was surely the very disgusted tone of his voice, but I was able to read his lips as he said, “There. Now you may keep your precious husband for a bit longer. Perhaps now you might even keep him forever.”
Adam wanted to go after him. He wanted to rip him apart, for my sake and for our child’s. He wanted to rip off his arms, his legs, his jaw… He wanted his eyes, his tongue… He wanted to dismember him completely while his brain was still able to experience the horror and the pain of it. For a moment, I thought that the urge to kill Tyre for what he had done to me would overtake him, and he would rush off. My hands actually tightened on him, taking two fistfuls of his shirt, as my body acted by its own will to prevent him from leaving me. 
“Stay awake, my love. Stay awake.” Adam ordered, but my head fell backwards, my eyes closed, I fell into sleep, only to be awakened when he began to run. In that half-minute of sleep, I had not felt the pain, and I had managed to convince myself that it was a terrible dream, that I would wake up either beside Janna or beside Adam, or perhaps even beside James. Perhaps I was in his quarters with him, or perhaps I was in Adam’s intricate cell, or perhaps Janna and I were cuddled together on her bunk bed. I yearned for the relief that would flood through me, that would relax my muscles and calm my rapidly beating heart like a warm cup of tea or a strong dose of Slumber Root, but only the pain was there to greet me when I awoke. Some corner of my mind, speaking calmly to me, told me to slip back into sleep, but Adam’s voice was telling me to stay awake. I was coaxed asleep and then forced awake, and in the third or so transition between the two states, I felt my back pressing onto a soft cot and Adam’s arms leave me. 
“NO!” I wailed, reaching out for him with surprising strength and taking one of his bloody hands in one of my bloody hands. He knelt beside me, allowing me to squeeze his hand even though I was doing so hard enough to possibly break his fingers. I know it must have hurt, but the pain in his eyes was not the result of the grip I had on his hand. His other hand was pushing my hair back from my eyes and then coming down to rest on my face so his thumb could stroke my cheek. 
“Keep your eyes on me, sweetheart.” He told me softly. I went to look down, but he cupped my chin and held it up. When two hands pressed into the wound, holding a cloth soaked with the mixture that would coagulate my blood, I flinched, my body struggled to curl up, but someone was holding my legs. A weak moan escaped me, and Adam kissed my forehead.
“I know, my love. It is almost over.” He assured me. 
“Keep her awake, Rexprimus.” One of the nurses said.
Rexprimus. She was one of ours back when we still had those to call ours. 
I had been slipping back into that sleep again, but Adam turned my head to him and gently shook me.
“Brynna, you must stay awake now.”
“Baby…” I murmured.
“She will be alright, my love.” He lied, and because my mind was searching for a place to cower, away from the pain and the trauma of it all, I went into his mind, and into his heart, and I saw his unfathomable grief. He was not crying, because he would not feel any of it until he knew that I would be alright. 
“So sorry…” I cried, and tears began to rush from my eyes. I drew in a deep breath and sobbed, “I’m so sorry, Adam. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”  
“Shh…” He kissed my forehead again, “It is not your fault. No blame for this is on your shoulders. Do you hear me, sweetheart?”
“The baby… The baby…” I moaned, crying harder now.
“I know, my love. I know. I am so sorry.”
“Oh, God…” I cried, and when they sterilized the wound with what felt like an open flame and then drove the tip of a needle through the charred and punctured skin, it hurt less than the sickening grief in my heart. “Oh, God, Adam…”
I said her name for the first time, the name I had known would be hers from the moment she stirred inside of me, the name that Adam and I had loved, because she was our miracle child. She had been conceived, truly, by the will of some higher power, be it my God or Gods, or his One God. I said her name, to her, for the first time, as she bled out of me. As my second child bled out of me.
“Grace… Don’t go.”
***
Everything occurred in fragments while I was recovering. I was kept in a near constant state of half-awareness, half-sleep, but really, what they were keeping me in was a state of numbness. 
Adam had been crying softly beside me, even though he tried not to do so while my head was turned in his direction, I had discovered. His head was down, facing the floor, his forehead rested in his hand, and he was only allowing tears to fall; he was not allowing himself to make a sound. I had never seen him cry that way, and I could feel, interspersed with his grief for our daughter, and his worry for me, and the pain he felt at seeing me in pain, the bitter resentment he felt that Tyre had once again harmed one he loved so much, that he, meaning Adam, had allowed him to do so. I felt the rage he felt.
When James came in, Adam looked up and wiped at his eyes, and James, respectfully, did not watch him do it. James pulled the other chair up to the other side of my bed, and my head turned in his direction. 
“Hey, baby.” He said to me softly. He kissed my cheek and ran his hand over my head, pushing my hair back.
“It is far too large of a risk for you to keep coming here like this, Maxwell. Just because she knows of your charade now does not mean that you should abandon it. You being enmeshed with the guards is good for us.”
“Well, they take you back to their cell when they feel like it, and I won’t let her spend a minute in here alone.”
Adam did not say anything, but his mind told me that he was grateful. Say it, my mind urged, Just tell him you are glad that he is with me when you cannot be.
But Adam said nothing except, “I lie awake, picturing her returning to consciousness with no one beside her. It makes me sick with guilt and with sadness. You are here, so that should not happen.”
“No.” James replied. My fingers reached out by their own will to weakly link around James’s, and he took my hand, brought it to his lips, and kissed it. “Are you awake, sweetheart?” I did not respond, because I was not awake, not really.
“Brynna?” Adam asked softly. 
Silence. Nothing from me, and nothing between them.
“Do you Purissimus folks really have a rite of passage for this?” James asked, somewhat delicately, to break that silence.
“I would not call it a rite of passage. I would call it a protocol. Regardless, I want no parts of it. I will not imbibe while my wife, your… whatever word you lot have for an unmarried couple who is not betrothed…”
“Girlfriend.”
“Sure. I will not imbibe while she lies unconscious in a hospital bed. When she wakes up crying out for you, for me, for our child, I will be right here.”
“Yeah, I was going to say, it seems like a stupid custom.”
“It is very stupid, and yet I have done it. When Janna lost our first child, shortly before Caspar. I left her to her handmaidens and her mother, who was a shrew to end all shrews, by the way, while I sat with the men of my Council and her father, who was a bastard, as well, to drink ourselves stupid. How is Janna?”
“She’s doing well. Recovering a little bit every day, but Brynna has been helping her with that. Brynna hasn’t told her about me being back, because we wanted to keep it as quiet as possible.” He smiled slightly, “She’s doing good, Adam. She’s good. She’s…” He stopped, shook his head incredulously, “She’s kind, when she wants to be, and she’s funny. I mean, she’s not this one…” James squeezed my hand and then kissed it, “But she’s almost perfect in her own way.”
“I know. A part of me does miss her. She was my wife. She is the mother of my sons. We have never gotten on very well, not even in the beginning of our courtship, but there were times when things were alright. Tell her I am glad she is well.”
“I will.”
“Thank you.”
“They’re sleeping together.” James said suddenly, and Adam laughed. I would have laughed, too, had I been awake.
“I know.” Adam replied, “I think of that fact often, believe me.”
“You and me both.” James said, “Enough to drive a man insane, thinking about that.”
They laughed softly again. Then they were silent.
“She was so happy, Adam.” James said, “She wanted her. The baby, I mean. A few days ago, we spent the whole night just feeling the baby in there. God, she was so strong. Grace. She was growing so fast, and she was so strong already.” 
“She was. She was just like her mother in that way. In that terrifying, unfathomable strength.”
“I was happy, too. For her, for you. I wanted to be there.”
“I know. And you would have been. Were you angry or hurt that it was not your child inside her?”
“No.” James replied instantly, “We have a daughter. I have my little girl. Honestly, Adam, from the bottom of my heart, I never saw it as anything other than the greatest, happiest news.”
Adam nodded.
“You are alright with her having us both?” Adam asked.
James drew in a deep breath and exhaled slowly.
“It is going to take some time for me. But I remind myself whenever I start getting jealous or weird about it that having us both makes her happy. Of course I want her all to myself, but it just isn’t what she wants. I want her to be happy, and it’s going to take time, but I’ll get used to it. I think.”
Adam nodded again.
“That you are trying will mean very much to her. It is a struggle for me, as well, James. I, too, want her to be mine and only mine. But like you said, it is not what she wants. And the only way that we will honor this woman who has given herself to us is to give her what she wants. To make her happy.”
“Yes.” James replied. “You’re right.”
Silence.
“I mean, we will never be friends.” Adam said.
They chuckled together again.
“I will always have my reservations about you. My suspicions.” Adam continued.
“And I about you.”
“But I will try to make it easier for her, because she does not like to see us fight.”
“No, she doesn’t. So, I’ll try, too.”
“Alright.”
“Okay.”
There was silence between them again, but it was so light they barely noticed it. In my sleep, I smiled.
***
My next visitor was one I had not seen for six years, and one I had not believed was alive. She came full of memories, all of which were appalling, except for those of Alice and Quinn. She was not there, not really, and perhaps she was not real at all. Perhaps I had created her. I constructed her image from fragments of old memories, and then I put dark recollections of what they must have done to her in her mind, and somehow, for some reason, Alice and Quinn were the sole source of light in those dark recollections. If she was my creation, it seemed random that Quinn and Alice should be there, but then, they were never far from my conscious thoughts. Perhaps in my creation of her, I had jumbled together all those I had lost.
In the dream, I could see her face, and I wondered how I ever could have forgotten it. She looked younger, less bloated; clearly, her imprisonment had done some good, because it had forced her to purge herself of alcohol. She was sitting beside me, holding my hand, and she was not talking, but coupled with the pain in her heart, there was a sense of peace. She had finally made contact with me. She had tried for so long, and she had done it once, when I had been under the influence of the trebestia venom. We had met in the hallway of my old apartment building, and changed a memory to our joint liking. 
“I’m not going to remember you when I wake up.” I said.
“No.” She replied with a sad smile, “But I’m going to find you.”
“Why?”
She looked at me, slightly puzzled.
“Because you’re my daughter, Brynna.”
“So, because you should?”
She reached out and stroked my hair gently, the way that Adam had been stroking my hair.
“No.” She said firmly, “Because none of it matters anymore, baby.”
“I suppose I should just forget about all the years you ignored me? All the years you spoke to me only so you could insult me or insinuate that I had murdered Luc?”
“No. Baby, I…”
“Go away.” 
“Brynna, sweetheart…”
“I just lost my daughter!” I shouted at her, and outside of my mind, my body jerked in my sleep, startling Adam and James, who were once again by my side. “She is gone, and I would give anything to have her back! I was there, I was still alive, even though Luc was gone. You had your chance to be my mother! You had your chance to be Penny’s mother! You don’t deserve another chance!”
“I know.” She told me, and tears started to fall from her eyes, which caused me to roll my own and turn my head away. My mind began to will her away from me. “But you don’t want me to go away, baby. Not really. You latch onto me when you’re scared, or when you’re sad, or when you don’t know what to do. You call out to me, and I answer you, honey. You’ve heard me answer you, haven’t you?” 
“Yes, and I always tell you to go away! I am not latching onto you. You’re latching onto me! Go away, Lara. Just go away!”
But she didn’t. She climbed up onto the bed beside me and cuddled up against my back. I could feel her there, and because she felt so real, so present, I knew that the dream would haunt me long after I awoke. The physical contact, as well as the mental contact that had made the physical possible, would reside in me long after she was gone, when I was back in the land of the conscious.
“She’s still in there, baby.” She whispered to me, and she took my hand and rested it on my belly. “She’s so strong. Feel her. Close your eyes, and you’ll feel her.”
“She’s gone.”
“She’s not. She’s holding on. Just like you. She just needs somewhere to go. Somewhere safe. Somewhere…”
She stopped, not wanting to say the word that had crossed her mind, because it was a hurtful word, and she did not want to hurt me. But I could handle hearing it, because I had always known it. I said it for her. My daughter needed a place…
“Undamaged.” I said, and just then, I felt a faint flicker of Grace inside of me. I had believed so strongly that she was gone, because the doctors had said that there was no chance she had survived; the bullet had gone through whatever was left of me down there. Tyre had made sure of that. But she was there, clinging to life, not so much a tangible being anymore, but enough of a tangible being that, in an undamaged, healthy body, she would thrive, she would become tangible, she would be born. 
“You know who should carry her for you and Adam, sweetheart. Who will raise her right. Call her.” Lara kissed my head, “And call me, when you need me. I love you.”
She stood up, and I turned around to face her, to watch her leave, so I could tell her she was quite good at leaving, but she was already gone, and I was already surfacing, saying Rachel’s name.
***
“Don’t you feel her?” I asked Adam and James, who were taking turns feeling my belly, their expressions seemingly growing more grim each time their hands pressed down. 
“Baby…” James started to say.
“No!” I snapped, “Do not tell me that I am imagining it. You are thinking that I’m traumatized and feeling things, and feeling what I want to feel, and I am not.”
“Think more quietly.” Adam hissed at James.
“Don’t yell at him!” I snapped at Adam, “He can’t help it that his mind is so loud! And you’re thinking the same thing, so don’t be a hypocrite. Where is Rachel?!”
“She’s coming.” James told me gently, “Baby, you need to lower your voice. We can’t attract any attention. If they come in here and find me, you know…”
“I am sorry.” I said, and I did lower my voice, though I wanted to continue speaking loudly and forcefully at them. I had tried to rationalize. I had tried to remain calm. But no matter how hard I tried, I could not convince them that the baby was still alive within me. They thought that I was still feeling her because I wanted to feel her. But like she was a ghost limb after the real one had been amputated, I could still feel her moving inside of me. I had been through a terrible trauma, gone from the highest of highs to the lowest of lows. I had been elated to discover that somehow, my shattered womb was holding life. It was a miracle, the doctors had said. The pregnancy would be hard, but there was a chance she would make it, though they never told me exactly how high (or low) that chance was. Knowing she was there made me so happy, I could barely believe it. But then, I had immediately crashed down to a new low. Losing my baby to a bullet through the abdomen was far worse than losing her naturally would have been. To James and Adam, I was merely in a state of trauma-induced hysteria, and I use “hysteria” here willingly, as I am fully aware of the gendered connotation behind the term.
But if you are not aware of said connotation, know that it is a word coined by men to be used as a blanket diagnosis for any unpleasant emotion exhibited by a female, and it comes from the Greek word for “uterus.” Suffice it to say, my husband and my boyfriend were being sexist.
Except they were not. I wanted to view them as such because I was clinging to the hope that Grace was still clinging to life inside of me, and they were gently trying to prod me away from that belief, for my own good, they thought. But truthfully, there was quite a sizeable sliver of doubt inside of me. I had not felt her until my mother told me she was there, and my mother was certainly not the most reliable source for truthful information. To my knowledge, she still hated me, so I would not put it past her unconscious mind, which projected into my unconscious mind, to make me think my daughter was still alive, only so I could be disappointed later when she was not, all as a result of some very cruel, very late plot to finally have her ultimate revenge on me for killing Lucien. 
I was so afraid that I truly was just feeling what I wanted to feel.
“Look.” I said, and I took one of James’s hands and one of Adam’s, “I know you both think I am losing my mind because of grief, or trauma, or whatever. But I’m not. Okay? I am rational. I am calm. I am only becoming irrational and not calm because of your disbelief. I am not manifesting some ghost child for my own benefit, or for either of yours. I know she is in there. I can feel her. Even when I’m not touching my stomach, I can feel her there, just like I could before. It is weak, because she’s slipping away, and that’s why I need to see Rachel.”
“Why Rachel?” James asked me gently.
“Because.” I said, “If I told you both, you would think I was crazy. But just so you are aware, if I would have told anyone that I was going to re-craft your shattered skull and re-grow the pieces of your brain that were missing, and resurrect you from the dead totally whole, everyone would have thought I was crazy then, too.” I told James, and then I looked at Adam, “You tell me all the time that my power can do anything.”
“It can, Brynna.” Adam replied, “Of course it can.”
In the corner of my eye, I could see James staring at him irritably. Apparently, they had some unspoken agreement that they were supposed to be leading me away from this notion that the baby was alive, and that somehow, Rachel could help me in preserving her life. Adam ignored him.
“Then, just let me do this.” I said, “Just trust that I am in my right state of mind, and I am going to do this.”
Adam squeezed my hand, and passed his other hand over the top of my head to brush my hair away from my face gently.
“Alright.” He said, “I trust you.”
“And I look like the world’s biggest asshole, because I’m the one who is still skeptical.” James snapped at him.
“No, you always look like that.” Adam replied quickly, and I sighed heavily, let go of their hands, and covered my face.
“I want to believe just as much as either of you that Grace is still alive, but sweetheart…” He grasped my hand and spoke very gently, “They said there is no function down there anymore. You heard them. There is no chance.”
“There was no chance before, either, James. I never told you, but there was never a chance before, and it happened. If she can come to be at all, then I can easily believe that she can cling to life even after I have nothing down there to hold her. If she can fight to be at all, she can fight against the odds. She is strong. She’s stronger than me, stronger than you, stronger than all of us. And she’s there. I promise. I just need you to trust me.”
Rachel came in, running, with Tony and Tom behind her. She threw herself at my bedside, tears in her eyes but not falling. She knew me so well; she knew how much I hated tears, how uncomfortable they made me, even when they were my own. 
“Can I have a minute with them?” I asked Adam and James, who nodded, kissed my head, and left. 
“How are you feeling, baby?” Tony asked me, and he began to pet my hair in the way that Adam had been, which I loved. 
“I’m good. I’m alright.” I said, “Can you help me sit up?”
Very gently, but not so gently that they allowed me to believe that they thought I would break, Tony and Tom helped me up into a sitting position. I rested back against the pillows that Rachel had propped up for me, and for a second, we were all silent. Tony held my hand, Tom was sitting at the end of my bed with his hand on my leg, and Rachel was on my other side, grasping my hand and resting her head against my arm. 
“I know they must have told you that I think the baby is still alive.” I finally said, “I am sure they both told you to gently try to tell me that that isn’t true.”
“They did.” Rachel replied, “But I won’t. You know I won’t. If you say she’s there, then she’s there.”
“Is it true, that there was…” Tony stopped, trying to think of a way to be delicate. Gently, I went into his mind to determine the question he was trying to ask. 
“Yes.” I replied, “And it’s okay that you’re asking. There was not really anything there to begin with… Well, it was there, but the functions were all off. I had an infection after what happened with Michael that made a mess. So her being here is a miracle in and of itself. She’s still there, but she won’t be for long. There is nothing in me to hold her anymore. It’s there, but it’s damaged. It’s not working. She’s just hovering. Like a ghost. But she is there.”
“Brynna.” Tom said, even more gently than anyone had yet, “Sweetie… Is that possible?”
“Is any of this possible?” I asked him, “Six years ago, could we ever have imagined any of this? Another planet capable of supporting life, that not only supports life, but supports a whole other civilization, one that is more advanced than ours had been? Gifts of strength, of intelligence, of the power to manipulate the atmosphere in response to emotion? Any part of our evolution? This war? I don’t ask what’s possible anymore, because if there is one thing I have learned from this, it’s that anything is possible. Everything is possible.”
Rachel sniffled, and I looked at her to find that she was crying. Her hand was still clasped around mine, and the physical contact allowed me to see into her mind. She was not crying because she thought I was deluded. She was crying because she knew that I was right, and because she knew why I had asked her to come there. 
“Tell them.” I told her gently.
“She wants to give Grace to me.” 
Tony and Tom were silent, looking at us both. Rachel and Tom had gotten their release papers, and with their release papers, they had been told that they would be marrying each other. Then, a few days later, I had gotten shot. Suffice it to say, it had been a rather rough week.
“But how?” Tony asked finally.
“I don’t know. I am just going to wing it, as they say. My instincts are telling me that I can do this. By the significantly smaller amount of trepidation that I feel, I can tell that this is going to be easier than when I brought James back from the dead. It is not going to come without its challenges, but I can do it. But before I do it, I want to be sure that it is what you both want.”
“Of course it’s what I want.” Rachel told me through her tears.
“Even though…” I started.
“Yes.” She said, “Even though Joe is gone. We wanted one so badly. But Brynn… I won’t be able to raise her without telling her about you. And about Adam, and James, and Penny…”
“You have to.” I told her, “Tom, you both have to. She can’t know, because they can’t know. If they find out who she is, they will take her away. Tyre will use her for his purposes, and I don’t know, nor do I want to know, what those purposes are. So she can’t know. And besides…” I grasped Rachel’s hands, “Chances are, she will never see me. She will never know me. I will die, or I will be here, and though we are immortal, the chances of our paths ever crossing will be slim.”
“When the war’s over…” Tom started to say, and tears were falling from his eyes now.
“The war is far from over.” I replied gently, “Of course, if I ever leave here, I will come looking, but by then, she will know you two as her parents, and I will do nothing to change that. Once she is yours, she is yours. I would give anything for there to be some other way, but if she stays inside of me for much longer, she will die, and if she is born and knows that I am her mother, and Adam is her father, somehow, it will get out. I have seen that. I have seen the consequences of her knowing. She can never know. You two have to promise me that you will never tell her.”
“Brynn…” Tom started to say.
“Promise me.”
They were silent, looking at each other first, and then at me.
“I promise.” Rachel said, finally, and Tom repeated her.
“Okay.”
“They are going to place you two in Shadow Village, and that is where Mrs. Rose is.” I said, and I grasped Tony’s hand. He already knew, because in our first year there, we had joined our minds and found his mother. He had cried then, when he had known she was safe, and he had cried because he could feel how terribly she missed him, and yet how strong she was to endure the pain of losing her son and her son-in-law, her only family.
“Mom wanted a grandbaby.” Tony told Tom.
“And she’ll have one.” Tom replied, and he wiped at his eyes as his tears multiplied. 
“Exactly.” I replied, and the tears were coming into my eyes now, but I wiped them away. “The way I see this, it is a near-perfect scenario. You two will have a child, and Mrs. Rose will have her grand-child, and Tyre will think that she is yours. She will not be here, where she would be hunted. And because she was mine, and then she was yours, we will all be connected, even when we are so far apart.” The tears began to fall from my eyes now, “Right?”
Rachel nodded, crying harder as she laid her head down on my arm.
“I don’t want to leave you.” She cried, “You’re my best friend.”
“I know.” I said quietly, as my other hand came over to grasp hers. “I know.” I paused, realizing that I had never said that to her. I referred to her as a dear friend, and as my dearest friend, to other people, but never to her face. “I can’t believe I’ve never said it. But you’re my best friend, too. 
She laid her head against my shoulder, and with our fingers entwined, I placed our hands over my belly. 
“I feel her, too.” Rachel told me. “I can feel her there.”
“She can feel you, too.” I replied, “She knows. Keep your hand right there.”
A tangible life outside of the womb is a light so bright it blinds all those who are not supposed to look upon it. Tony, Tom, Rachel, and I stared into that hovering light as it twisted and re-shaped, forming incomprehensible images all while whispering words in a language we did not know, that no one knew. In the quiet noise, we heard her cries, her voice, her laugh, saw her smile before she had even formed. I saw a little red-headed girl running through a field, chasing other children, laughing and playing, her blue eyes glowing in the light of the moon. If that was a scene from our world, or a scene from whatever lays before and after, I did not know, but I saw her, and she was beautiful. Her eyes were alight with infinite promise, her mind roaming lands and seas far and wide, full of boundless purpose, her heart throbbing with the beats of eternity. Gently, she was passed from my hand to Rachel’s hand, and together, we placed Rachel’s hand on her belly, and as simple, and yet as complicated, as that, our daughter was safe again. She was strong again. 
Tom and Tony placed their hands on Rachel’s stomach, and almost simultaneously, they placed their hands on mine. Perhaps they knew that my instinct was to touch my stomach, even though I was not ready to feel the emptiness there. I could feel lightness there, airiness, already, but I did not want to touch it so that I could feel and see the darkness left by her absence. So Tony and Tom held me there, so I would not have to hold me there.
Later, as we laid together on the cot, Rachel with her head on my chest, still crying, and Tony and Tom on my other side, also still crying, a Sight came to me, and told me that I would never see Rachel and Tom again. The tears falling from my eyes fell faster, and I wiped them away, but it was useless when Rachel whispered again that she didn’t want to leave me; I only cried harder.
“We will see each other again.” I told her, “All of us will see each other again. Our lives are longer than this war. It will end, and everything will go back to the way it was. And Gracie will be older then, and Penny will have aged again, and they will be best friends, just like us. In fact, Gracie is going to look just like you, and Penny will still look just like me, so they will be us in miniature, Rachel. And when she sees you, Tony, she will know how much her dad loves you, and she will love you as another father among her others. She will have two mothers, four fathers, and she will be the happiest little girl in the world. As it stands now, we are going to see the end of this, and in the end, when the world is alright again, we will be together again.”
“And we’ll be a family again.” Tom said.
“Yes.” I said, “We’ll be a family again.”
“You promise?” Tony asked me, and I could hear the emotion in his voice, and knew that he was crying silently.
I had always looked down upon lying, even when it was for the benefit of others. But that didn’t matter anymore. I nodded, tightened my grip around them, and let the last of my tears fall. 
“Yes.” I said, “I promise.” 
***
“Tell me what happened, my love.” Adam said to me gently a few nights later. 
“You saw what happened.”
“No. Before he brought me into the room, what did he say to make you so angry?”
I did not want to think about it. Obviously, I did not regret my show of rage, though I did worry that I had, as Tyre had said, “shown my hand.” It was true that my devotion to James made them target him. Those I loved would always be a weak spot in my armor. They would always be targeted, but I was, very surprisingly, incapable of not loving them. So, when Adam asked me to tell him the details of mine and Tyre’s confrontation, I could barely get the words out, for they reminded me of his threat against Adam’s life.
“I don’t want to talk about it, Adam. I am sorry, but I do not want to talk about it.”
He sat down beside me on his bed, where I was lying in my shorts and tank top. We had not immediately had sex as we normally did, because he could tell that I was not in the mood, and honestly, I knew that he was not, either. We were both still grief-stricken over what had happened, and sex was, weirdly enough, the farthest thing from our minds. I say “weirdly enough” because we had suffered many things and still found the urge and energy to have sex, but this new suffering was in a class of its own. It was in a class that left us both feeling tired, listless, and thoroughly sad.
“I suppose I should apologize for the whole sad ordeal.” I told him softly.
“No. You did not make him shoot you. Tyre, it seems, still has his awful temper, and I do not know why I am surprised; he is famous for it. I suppose it should not surprise any of us, what with the obviously false air of calm and rationality he struggles to maintain every day. Of course there would be cracks in the façade. Of course there would be outbursts of violence and rage. That is who he is, when the façade is dropped. An angry, bitter, vengeful spirit, serving an angry, bitter, vengeful God.” He stopped, allowed his eyes to change from the red that had taken them back to the green that calmed me. “I know what he must have told you, Brynna, though you have never told me.”
“What did he tell me?”
“He told you that he will never see you harmed in the worst way, because you suffered such things as a child.”
“Is he lying when he says that?”
I could not help but feel a sickening worry deep in the pit of my stomach when I thought that Tyre was only saying that to pacify me, or to lull me into a false sense of security, or something along those lines.
“No. He will not allow his men to harm you that way. He cannot speak for what happens in here.”
Whether or not what happened with the Warden was in the same class as what had happened to me as a child was debatable (except it wasn’t.) I consented, and sometimes, I held the power (believe me, sometimes he wanted me to hold the power), but if I had my choice… It was never as violent as what Grace perceived, but it was never nice, either, and it was never truly consented upon, because if I had had my choice, he never would have touched me. If he had not said that I could not see Penny, or that he would harm Adam, Janna, Illa, Rachel, Tony, Tom… 
It was in the same class as what had happened to me as a child, but if I saw it that way then, it would have destroyed me. And if Adam knew, he would tear the walls of that ship down until he found the Warden, and they would fight, and maybe the Warden would die (which would make me angry because I had vowed that he was mine to kill), but more than likely, Adam would die. The Warden would kill him, because he was an ace fighter and a brutal warrior. One does not get deemed “the Lord of War” by the Old Spirits easily, and even my husband was no match for him.
“Believe me,” Adam continued, “A part of him does pity you for what happened when you were small. He does not want you to suffer it again. But if he truly cared, he would allow no harm to befall you at all. Which is why he was still able to put a bullet through you while you were carrying our baby.”
“Isn’t murder a sin? Or an Offense? Whatever it is that he calls ‘sins?’” I asked him, “He killed our baby, Adam. Or so he thinks.”
“I know. And yes, it is an Offense. It is a sin. But sweetheart, when has his creed ever stopped him from doing what he wants to do? From acting brutally upon his rage?”
“Rarely. Though, his creed does seem to allow quite a bit of depraved amusement. For the men, at least.”
“Yes. It does.” He reached out and gently rested his hand on my stomach, “He threatened me. Didn’t he?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.” I told him, a little irritably. “I don’t want to think about what he said, Adam!”
“You do want to talk about it. You want me to tell you that I will not allow him to take me from you. That I will fight for my life, and I will, Brynna. For you, I will fight, and for my son. And for me. I will always fight to stay alive.”
Tears fell from my eyes, and I threw myself into his arms so abruptly that I startled him. 
“When did he say he would do it?” He asked me softly, gently, because he knew that I was too shaken to speak about mine and Tyre’s conversation easily.
“After the baby was born.” I whispered, and my voice was trembling, “That is why after he shot me, he said that I could keep you for a little longer, and I might be able to keep you forever, because I am so damaged down there now that you will not be able to ‘plant another seed,’ as he said.”
“He wanted you to believe that you chose me over our child. You did not, Brynna.”
“I did.” I cried, “Not knowingly. I didn’t think of it that way at the time, but I did, Adam. I didn’t have to fight him. We could have figured something out in the months of the pregnancy to stop him from killing you. I could have talked him down, maybe. I could have convinced him that we needed you, because that is true, and that is in my heart, and he would see it. He would see how much I love and need you, how much our baby would have needed you. I did not have to attack him, but I got so angry, when he told me that he was going to kill you, and kill you publicly, in front of me…”
My voice broke, and the tears I had been holding for what felt like hundreds of years fell in a warm, rapid stream from both of my eyes. I turned away from him, and instantly, he came up behind me, grasped my shoulders gently, and began to rub them. 
After kissing my head, he whispered, “You could not have convinced him. He thinks that he loves you, but he does not love you enough to spare my life. Forget that I was meant to be a punishment for you. Mine and Tyre’s violent history is long, and it is tangled through with battles between our armies and fights between us, bloody fights and countless near-fatal wounds, and one of us must kill the other, because that is the only way that this war will end. He wants to kill me publicly, so that I will die with no dignity, so my people and his people will see me die with no dignity, so you will see me die with no dignity. But I will not allow that to happen, my love.”
“I cannot lose you, Adam.” I told him, “I could not lose her, either, and I did not, because she is safe now. But God, I wish she were still inside me. I wish that I could hold her right after she is born, that you could hold your daughter. I just lost control, and that made Tyre lose control…”
“No. You cannot allow his violence to be pardoned by blaming your own actions. He provoked you, and even after you attacked him, he did not have to shoot you. It was not a matter of you choosing my life over our child’s.” He turned me around, placed his finger under my chin, and gently raised my head so I was looking at him. “He gave you no choice when he fired that gun. That bullet gave you no choice. He came there with the intention of taunting you. Why else would he have brought me to the office?”
“I couldn’t stand it, Adam. I couldn’t stand picturing them killing you, because he said he would make me watch. Oh, God. Oh, my God…” I cried a little harder then, “He said they’d make me watch.”
“Shh… My beauty.” He kissed my forehead, “I will not let that happen. You will never be forced to see such a thing, because I will not leave you. He will never take me from you, nor you from me. I promise you, my love. I promise.”
I nodded, stood on my tiptoes to kiss him, and then laid my head back underneath of his. One of my arms was wrapped around his back, and the other was up, rested on his firm, bare chest just in front of my face. My tears ran down his skin as he held me and rocked me gently, and even after I began to doze, he held me. 
There was something so comforting in it. He was able to calm me so easily. Though I was hiccupping and sobbing, he remained firm and unyielding in his calmness, in his determination to bring me back down to his level. He knew that I loved him, and that I feared for his life, and when the thoughts of losing him stomped across my mind, shrieking, he whispered that he was right there, and everything was going to be alright. I don’t know how long he held me, but when he laid me down on my side of the bed and then laid down beside me, I curled up against him under the covers, and draped his arms over me.
“I am going to get us off of this ship, Brynna.” He whispered to me, “And then you, Penny, Idan, James, Janna, Illa, Tony, and I are going to disappear. I am going to take us far away, where they cannot find us, and we are going to build a life. I will have my people scour the cities and plains, deserts and oceans and forests until we find Violet, Quinn, Alice, Rachel, and Tom, and then, maybe we will fight, or maybe we will simply live out the rest of our lives. I leave that up to you, my love. I leave it in your hands.”
“As long as I have you, I don’t care what we do, honey.” I replied, “Fight or don’t fight, I don’t care.”
He kissed my forehead, and when I looked up at him, my eyes heavy with sleep, he kissed my lips before saying:
“I do not care, either.”
***
It was weeks later. In fact, to my knowledge, we had just crossed over into the second half of our third year onboard the Lapsarian. I was sitting in James’s quarters, on the chaise lounge closest to the fireplace, facing the fire, just staring. Behind me, I could hear the quill scratching, and I could picture him sitting behind his desk, with his glasses on his nose, his eyes narrowed in the candlelight as he filled out his incident reports and inmate evaluations and whatever other busy work he had. 
Rachel and Tom had been discharged. No one knew that she was pregnant when she had been released, so to their knowledge, she would become pregnant after their “wedding night.” 
“Just think,” I had said, “I saved you two from actually having to have sex, right?”
Another small victory in the passing of Grace from me to Rachel. 
My heart was already aching for them, and they had only been gone a few weeks. My old enemy, nostalgia, had made camp in my heart, and he showed no signs of vacating any time soon. I remembered nights in our first house with Tony, Tom, Rachel, Joe, James, and me, sitting outside, sometimes smoking, sometimes having a drink, talking about books, movies, television, and music from the old world, or about what our lives had been like. I remembered how those outdoor nights of conversation had continued in Shadow Village, on our back porches, under the glow of the Pangaean stars, and by the light of the fire. Penny and the other neighborhood kids would sometimes join us, and generally, Violet, Nick, Alice, and Quinn would come back from their nighttime outings to join us, too. Together, the boys would start up a fire in the pit in our backyard and get the food together while Rachel and I just poured ourselves more wine. I closed my eyes, and the warmth from the fire in front of me disappeared, and I could feel the perfect chill of the summer nights we had been so fortunate to experience when we were free and all together out in the world. I could smell the distinct scent of the trees around me that clung to the perfect crispness of the summer wind, and then, the warmth from the fire in James’s room was the warmth from the fire in our fire pit, and I could hear us all, somewhere in the distance, even though I felt that I was right there. But I could hear the echoes of our laughter from that time, of our passionate conversations, of the kids giggling as they made s’mores, of Violet, Nick, Alice, and Quinn having similar discussions to ours amongst themselves, but about people I knew by name but did not care about (Justin Beaver, Edward and Bella, a meth dealer and his expletive-spewing sidekick). I remembered sitting on James’s lap, talking quietly to him, kissing him softly when everyone was distracted in their own conversations, and I remembered watching Penny proudly as she ran about with her friends, all of them so excited to be staying out past dark…
A shot of pain, starting in the middle of my upper arm and quickly spreading throughout my entire body, jolted me out of my flashback. I spun around, swinging my fist, which James caught. Another shot of pain, starting right there in my hand that was under his hand, spread through me. He tried to grab me so he could hold me and comfort me, and that time, I actually cried out in response to the pain. He jumped back, holding his arms up, and for a moment, I focused on slowing my breaths, on steadying my heart back to a normal rhythm, and on dissipating the last aftershocks of the pain that had sunk so deeply beneath my skin that they stuck in my muscles like multiple tetanus shots. 
He dropped down to his knees and scooted closer to me, but I held my hand out, telling him without words to wait. All the while he apologized, reaching out of reflex for my hands and stopping himself each time. 
“Okay.” I told him when I had regained some semblance of composure. “Slowly.”
Very slowly, he began to reach out.
“Not that slowly, ding-dong!”
He laughed more hysterically than I expected him to, considering he was still shaking. 
“Alright.” He told me, “You ready?”
Gently, he took my hand, and while there was still a slight tingling there, like a small electrical current, it quickly dissipated, and I linked my fingers with his. 
“Did you get your work done?” I asked him, as I turned on my side and pulled his arm so it was around me. He started to rub my back, and with his other hand, he brushed my hair away from my face and tucked a few strands of it behind my ear.
“That okay?” He asked, and I nodded, “Yeah, I got everything done. In my report on our altercation, though, madam, I had to significantly change the ending.”
“Aww, you mean, you couldn’t write, ‘I brought her back to my room where I intended to make wild, passionate love to her?’”
“Sadly, no. I had to settle for, ‘I brought Mrs. Elohimson to the Med Wing for treatment and received treatment as well.’”
“Well, that’s written well.” I said, bringing my hand up to rest on his upper arm. “That okay?”
He had his eyes squeezed shut.
“No, don’t let go.” He told me, and even though it was quite difficult because I did not want to hurt him, I kept my hand there until the pain had gone. “I’ve been doing a lot of reading in the three years since I’ve been with you, and when testing myself on old engineering knowledge becomes tiresome, and because it’s impossible to get some of your boring Jane Austen books that I could fall asleep to after reading the opening line, I read some medical encyclopedias that have sections about Contact.”
“Oh, did you? What did they say?”
“As long as it didn’t ‘lock…’” I looked at him, puzzled, “That’s the term they used, and from the context, I gather that it means something like, the pain didn’t break the person’s mind, like what I pretended had happened to me. As long as that didn’t happen, then it can be cured, but it takes time. A lot of time. I don’t know, that’s what I gathered, but I’ll have to let you look at it.”
“No, I am sure what you gathered is correct. I am sure you did just fine in your analysis. And you faked the ‘lock’ very well, by the way. You fooled me.”
“Well, up until these past few weeks, I have been set on keeping you safe. All this time, I have thought about that conversation we had in the cells back home, after Rich and Tyre had come in and taken over. Remember? When I ended things?”
I nodded.
“Of course I remember.” Through a yawn, I said, “If I had a heart, James Maxwell, it might have been broken.”
“Yes. The same can be said for me. You know, Brynna, that everything I have done has been for you? Everything I ever do is going to be to keep you safe.”
“I know, baby.” I told him, “I have always known that. Well, not when you were pretending to hate me and engaging in physical altercations with me.” 
“Which killed me to do, by the way.” He told me, “I tried to go easy on you.”
“Yes, a few times, I thought to myself, ‘This is not his full strength. This is not as fast or as strong as he can possibly be. Why is he holding back?’ I thought that perhaps you and the Warden had some sort of agreement that you should not scar up my face or something.”
“No.” He said, and his tone darkened, “Fuck the Warden.”
“Oh, be careful.” I said, “If he heard you say such a thing against him…”
“He would, as you say, engage in a physical altercation with me, and believe me, baby, I have been waiting for it. Every time I have taken you back to your cell. Every time I have seen the way he looks at you.”
“Everything I have done with him has been consensual, James.”
“And would you be doing it if he hadn’t threatened Penny, and Adam, and me, and whoever else? He might not be forcing himself on you, sweetheart, but he’s forcing it.”
“I know.” I told him quietly, “And some days, it makes me want to jump off the back of the ship like Rose in Titanic. But then I think of Penny, and of you, and of Adam, and of Illa, and Janna, and I cannot do it. When they tell me that the Warden wants to see me, I feel like one of those women who places heavy rocks in her pockets and walks out into the ocean. The closer I get to his room, the further I sink, but like you, I have a role to play. I have a ‘character’ that keeps me and everyone I love alive. And that character does what she has to do.”
“That’s not a character, sweetheart.” He told me, “That’s you. You have always done what you have to do to survive. It’s one of the things that had me in awe of you when I first met you. It’s one of the things that has never failed to put me in awe of you, even after all these years.”
“Really?” I asked.
“Yes.” He said, but then, his goofy grin spread across his face, and I rolled my eyes, sighed heavily, and fought a grin of my own as I waited for his sarcastic remark. “Of course, I was also in awe as to how someone could be so mean.”
“Oh, please! You were mean in your own right!”
“I was never anything but nice to you, woman!”
“Pardon my English, but bullshit, man!” 
He laughed again, and I did, too.
“You told me I had a cold, dead heart!”
“Okay, in my defense, you were being particularly heinous that night. And it made me weirdly Shakespearean. I don’t even know where I got ‘cold, dead heart’ from.”
“Defense granted. However, you also taunted me endlessly while we were in the car going to the ship. Even when I was ready to punch you in the face, you persisted at your peril. Oh, God, I just made an alliteration, and you are going to make fun of me now…”
He laughed maniacally, something he had not done since our reunion, and I laughed with him, and then punched him lightly in the arm several times.
“I persisted at my peril despite your purpose of punching with the power of a petulant pithy powerhouse…”
“Stop!” I exclaimed through my laughter, because he was making me laugh so hard that my stomach was beginning to hurt. “You sound like Dr. Seuss.”
“And I haven’t even started rhyming yet.”
“Don’t you dare! My stomach muscles cannot withstand any more of your childish games, and if you persist, I might pee. There you go, I purposely continued this whimsical activity of stringing random p-words together.”
“Yes, and you spoke with your beautiful yet strange eloquence. Your verbosity still stands in a league populated by no other, and still, it sets my heart racing and my loins stirring, and if you so declared it to your liking, I would carry you to my bedchamber, lie you down upon my peasant-bed, and make wild, passionate, Shakespearean love to you, because, as is always the case, your word games and aforementioned beautiful yet strange eloquence have put mad desire for you in my heart, and if you allow me to know you in the Biblical sense this night, I could live the rest of my days in splendid bliss.” 
I was laughing so hard that I had to cross my legs and curl over to protect my stomach muscles from much more prolonged stress, but I clapped, starting off slowly and then quickening my applause.
“That one was Oscar-worthy, baby.” I told him, “And like a knight who has just slaughtered another knight in a fight for my heart and loins, you have won. So, yes, whisk me away to your bedchambers and your peasant-bed, though keep in mind that unlike the ornamental royals for whom knights usually fight and kill, I am more than an ornament.”
“Oh, you are. An ornament would be quiet once in a while.”
“You cock!” I snapped, and I punched him harder in the arm as he laughed maniacally once again, “See?! You are so mean!”
“I’m kidding. I’m kidding.” He said, “Hey, you know I wouldn’t know what to do with myself if I didn’t have you to talk to, and joke with, and fight with. But you left that one wide open for me.”
“I did. I recognize this, and have henceforth metaphorically kicked myself.”
“You are full of them tonight!”
“I know.” I told him, and I leaned forward and kissed him gently. “Now, get to whisking.”
With grand gusto, he lifted me into his arms and proceeded to carry me off to his room. I giggled in the way that only he could provoke me to giggle, but when he laid me down on the bed, we were serious. While we were being tortured, they had had us touch each other in all of our sexual areas. Feeling the Contact meet his touch on my breasts and between my legs had been the worst pain of all, and when they had ordered me to slide my hand into James’s pants and grasp ahold of him, I had refused, knowing how agonizing it had been for me and refusing to allow them to inflict the same pain upon him. With some prodding from James and Tyre, though, I had had to relent. Of course, James had been whispering to me in a trembling voice that it was alright, that I had to do it, that it wasn’t my fault, but it had taken one of Tyre’s goons sending a particularly high dose of Contact into me for me to obey. When the Contact found no touch upon me, it simply attacked every inch of my body, and with a shaking hand, I had reached down into James’s pants and gripped him.
The worst of my fears that I felt as James laid me down on his bed was that we would find ourselves unable to touch each other even if we did so slowly. They had spent hours on our more sensitive places when they had tortured us—far more time than they had spent on other places. Tyre’s intention was to break not only our mind and hearts of our love for one another but to break our bodies of the physical wanting we felt for one another. If every time we touched, it sent us into agonizing convulsions, surely we could not feel desire for each other. Surely, we could never make love again.
I pulled my shirt over my head as he unbuttoned his shirt and threw it aside. He was wearing his white tank top beneath, and it clung so perfectly to his muscular midsection while showcasing his gorgeously sculpted arms. Goddamn it, I thought, How does he never get any less fucking beautiful?! Delicately, and with him watching so he expected the touch of my hand, I reached out and grasped hold of his hard and rocky upper arm, so perfectly toned, and which perfectly bulged into my grip when my fingers tightened on it. My other hand reached out just as slowly and tucked underneath of his shirt where my fingers slowly ran down his stomach, feeling each individual ridge of his abs. 
“That alright?” I asked him.
“That feels amazing.”
“Good. I am significantly less in shape than you.” I told him as I unbuckled his belt.
He kissed my forehead, my cheek, and my neck slowly. As his hands grasped the top of my pants, I lifted my butt so he could pull them down my legs.
“Stop. You’re beautiful.” He told me, “You need a cheeseburger, but you’re beautiful.” 
“You need a…” I started to say sassily, but I could not come up with anything except, “…beard. Goatee. Moustache. Whatever the hell you had before with your five o’clock shadow and perfectly trimmed thing around your mouth.” 
“I’m working on it. Look.” He rubbed his chin, “I stopped shaving the day you found out about me.”
I reached up and rubbed the stubble on his cheek. I couldn’t help it; I grinned gigantically.
“You are still a handsome devil without it,” I assured him, “Heaven knows you are still painfully good-looking. But you know I love the sophistication of your facial hair.”
“I do know. I shaved it because it made me think of you. It was part of me while I was with you, and I needed not to be that person anymore. It sounds crazy and weird, but…”
“No.” I shook my head, “Have you seen how my eyes change? How one is white and one is black? I did not do that intentionally, but I embraced it when it happened. Because it made me different than when I was with you, and when I was in Shadow Village, or Don’s house, or on Earth. It fits who I am now. But when I’m with you, I just want to be me. Or I want to be who I was.”
“You’re still her, baby.” He said, “The same way I’m still me. We’re different, but who we used to be… Those people are still in us. They’re still there.”
“Yes.” I replied, “I guess you’re right. God, you are so freaking attractive. And when you’re in that uniform, despite all that it represents, you make me crazy.”
“Oh, yeah?” He asked with a grin as he leaned down to kiss me, gently at first, but then a little deeper. 
“Mm-hmm.” I said as I slid my tongue into his mouth, “I exercise full restraint to keep from cornering you in some back corridor of this awful monstrosity of a ship and throwing myself at you shamelessly. Even when I thought you were lost to me, I thought about it constantly.”
“I would have had no restraint if you had done that.”
“Well, pity it took me this long to throw myself at you.”
“Ah, you’re throwing yourself at me now, and I’m throwing myself at you. What does it matter?”
“You are right.”
I rolled over so that he was below me and inhaled slowly and deeply when he ran his hands up the back of my thighs and rested them on butt. 
“That okay?” He asked, as his hands squeezed. I was pushing myself hard against him, already feeling him beginning to harden for me, and already feeling myself getting wetter for him. I nodded, my hips moving forward and back slowly, rubbing me against him just the right way. 
“Hang on, hang on.” Gently, he grasped my hips, holding them still, and I stopped.
“Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.” He said breathlessly, “I’m just not going to last very long, is all. Just hang on for a second, baby. I want to hold out for you.”
I kissed him gently and sat up, still straddling him but holding myself up on my knees so our bodies were not touching. 
“God, you are so beautiful.” He breathed, and he could see me perfectly then. I was in my black underwear, which, though it was not my usual thong, was not baggy and stereotypically granny-like, either, and my black bra, though not my usual push-up, still supplied ample support.
“Say it again.”
“You are so beautiful.” He said again, as his hands crept up my stomach and caressed my amply supported breasts. My head tilted back, and my breasts pushed further into his hands as he squeezed them gently. “God, I want you.”
“Then have me.” 
He expelled a deep breath.
“I’m trying to enjoy this moment, just looking at you, but keep talking like that…”
“And what?” I asked, and I watched his eyes for any sign of pain or trepidation when I slipped my hand beneath the hemline of his boxers. He nodded, and I wrapped my hand around him to find that he was completely hard for me. He closed his eyes, breathed in deeply, and then reached his hand up to slide my underwear off. I was running my hand up and down his shaft and moving my hips in synchrony with my hand, and because my doing so was making him more than ready, he was checking to make sure that I was similarly ready. 
“Just do it, James. I’m okay. I’m there. Just do it.” 
“You’re not, baby. Not yet.” He flipped me over, and my back pressed into the soft fabric of his comforter. He laid on his side beside me, propped up on his elbow, and when his head came down so his lips could kiss my neck, my head tilted back for him. I drew in a breath, biting my lip, and my hand that had been resting on his stomach was gripping it now, digging my nails in. His hand came down, and gently, he slid one finger inside of me. At first, the pain took me, and I whimpered softly against my will.
“No, don’t stop.” I told him, and he touched me again, even more gently.
“Is that okay?” He asked me softly, and I nodded.
“There you go.” He whispered, before planting a soft kiss on my lips, “That’s it, baby.” His kiss deepened again, and I moaned when he began to push his fingers into me gently again. He came up over top of me, and my arms came up to wrap around his back, my legs wrapped around his middle, and he asked me in my ear if I was ready. I nodded, and he kissed me again just before he gently slid himself into me. My back arched, my grip on him tightened, and a deep moan escaped me. His head dropped down to rest on my shoulder as he breathed out deeply a few times. It had been so long. We had spent two years together before, and almost every day of that time, we had made love at least once, only to suddenly lose our long built-up physical and emotional intimacy in a blink, only to be separated for three long, painful years. For a moment, being reunited in that carnal, physical way was too much. I was sure I would come then, and he thought that he would, too. I was sure that if we did not come, we would fuck so hard and fast that it would take mere minutes to come. But instead, he moved himself in and out of me slowly, looking up at me, keeping his hand rested on my face. He kissed me deeply, slipping his tongue into my mouth where my own met his eagerly. I held him, feeling that warmth begin slowly in my heart and spreading all throughout me, that warmth that was the result of his touch, that warmth that I had thought they had taken away from me. Once it had filled me up, I squeezed him to me a little harder, and felt that deep, resonant release in my lower belly as I buried my face in his neck and cried out his name.
After he had come, too, we did not break apart. He stayed over top of me, his body protecting mine from the cold. His forehead was rested against mine, and every few seconds, his lips were on my lips, kissing me lightly and then deeply over and over again. Tears ran silently from our eyes, and I would wipe his away, or he would wipe mine away. 
We did not say much, because there was not much to say, except for a few whispered, “I love you’s.” We fell asleep, our naked bodies pressed together under the soft blanket on his bed, and in the morning, he carried me into the bathroom where we showered together. There in the steady stream of hot water and cocooned on all sides by the thick steam, he said, “It’s almost like we’re at home.”
And it was so true that I wanted to cry again. If I closed my eyes, I could pretend that it was just another early morning in Shadow Village, and Penny was asleep in her bed, and Violet was either asleep or already at class, and James and I were in the shower together, kissing and holding each other. Nostalgia threatened to take me again, and it would come coupled with a burning need to be at home. 
To be free.
“James,” I said, “We have to get out of here. Immediately.”

Quinn
“Where is he?” Alice demanded furiously. Her feet were up on the polished oak table at which our makeshift Council sat, in what we called our “War Room.” It was dark, because it was underground, and spread all around the walls was the map of Pangaea. All through the endless lands on that map were multicolored pins stuck through to mark the movements of various Old Spirits leaders and their individual troops. I studied the names of the cities, and noted that Alice’s irritation was palpable in the room.
“It looks like we got back Shadow Village.” I said, trying to distract her.
She didn’t reply, at least not to what I had said.
“He has one job. Show up to these meetings, and give us permission to get back out there after this stupid mandated rest period.”
“John and Eli and their people aren’t here yet either, baby.” I reminded her, because only Khaled was home, and he was talking quietly with two of the other members of his team, casting irritated glances at Don’s second and third men in charge and exchanging irritated looks and eye rolls with Alice.
“Yeah, they’re on their way.” She huffed, but her voice was slightly softer because she was talking about John and Eli. “It’s not totally dark yet, and they said they would be here by the first chime. Don said he would be here right after dinner. God only knows what distracted him. I don’t even want to know. I just wish he could be competent for once and do what he’s supposed to be doing as our leader.”
She said the last part loud enough so his people could hear. His second-in-command, a Pangaean man named Shilon, who, as I had been told, had been a huge opponent of Adam and Janna during Janna’s reign over Shadow Village, smiled at her coldly. His third-in-command was a man from Earth named Vin Kaiden.
I kid you not, that was his real name. And besides the fact that he sounded like a character out of Mortal Kombat, and regardless of his close affiliation with Don, he was a decent guy. Well, at least he was back then.
“I’m sure he’s on his way, Alice.” Vin told her gently, because he was a particularly adept Heart-Reader, and I am sure he could see her disappointment and frustration that I knew she felt at not having gotten any useful information out of the Old Spirit commander we had been sent to capture. 
“He does enjoy dessert after dinner.” Shilon told her, not gently at all, because he was an instigator of unpleasant emotions, despite also being an adept Heart-Reader. 
“Fuck you, Shilon.” Alice spat at him, her voice so thick with disdain, it could be confused with actual hatred. Alice always said that she would not grant Shilon the satisfaction he would inevitably feel if he knew she hated him. He loved to push buttons, and if he could infuriate someone, he would do so with a smile on his face and by never raising his voice or changing his arrogant tone. In response to Alice’s insult, his smile grew. He had a strange habit of smiling without ever showing his teeth, and even then, when his smile had grown, his teeth were not visible. 
The reason why he did not show his teeth is because his fangs never retracted. It was considered very rude to show fangs when there was no fight, but Shilon did not hide his fangs because he was not trying to be polite. He did so because he would only bare them when absolutely necessary. 
“How old are his desserts now?” Alice continued.
“All well of age, I assure you.” Shilon replied, “And what business is it of yours, dare I ask? Are you interested in applying for a position…”
She and I both stood up so quickly that we became blurred. Our fangs had shot out, and we bared them because there would be a fight, if he kept talking to her that way.
“Oh, sit down.” Shilon said in his thick Southern accent and through a hearty chuckle. “I was only trying to get your goat, as they say.”
“What’s going on?” A voice asked from the doorway, and when we looked, we saw that John and Eli had arrived.
Alice’s fangs retracted, though when she ran to them, she ran so quickly that she blurred. Her arms were around John’s neck and then around Eli’s. I clasped John’s hand and threw one arm around him as he did the same to me, and then I did the same to Eli.
“Oh, the manly hug.” Alice said with an eye roll. But then, her gaze intensified. “Anything? Please tell me you have something.”
“We brought two in.” John replied gently, turning her away from the crowd in the room so they could not hear. He beckoned for me to follow them out into the hallway, and once we were all outside in the cold, underground corridor, Eli closed the door. In the shadows cast by the torches, the dark circles under their eyes looked painted on in ash. I’m sure Alice and I looked no better, because like John and Eli, we went hard in our searches, sleeping only when we absolutely could not avoid it. 
“Where from?” Alice asked.
“Aelhollow and Merrihaven.”
“I didn’t even know they had moved that far north-east!” Alice exclaimed, “Goddamn, how are they multiplying so fast?”
“It has to be the Unallied.” Eli said. He lit a match and held the shimmering flame, which was so much brighter than the dim glow from the torches that I had to look away, to the end of his cigarette. “It’s gotta be! They’re not so Unallied anymore.”
“Don insists that that can’t be.” I said, “He says that they wouldn’t align with the Old Spirits. If they were going to align with anyone, they would align with us. But I think you’re right. It’s the only option. But he won’t see reason when it comes to them.”
“Yeah. He’s probably double-dealing with them, which is the last thing we need.” Eli replied.
“They helped your mother, Eli.” John said reasonably, “When we needed them, they helped us.”
“And look at what we had to do! Look at what they wanted as payment!”
They had wanted to rule our people, and we had left before that deal could be struck. John had carried Lara off in the dead of night, and we had followed behind, and that Unallied tribe, for all their skills, had been unable to track us down.
“And also, I hate to agree with something that Don is doing, but if they’re aligning with the Old Spirits, then maybe some double-dealing is what we need.” I said.
“We don’t need them. We have enough people.” Eli replied.
“Were there any signs of Tyre?” Alice asked, “Or of Lara?”
“Oh, the standing Mayor of Aelhollow, the guy we brought back, swears that Tyre came through there, dragging a pretty, middle-aged brunette into the alehouse where he was staying.”
“He was just trying to fuck with us. He knew who we were.” John added, but his eyes were distant, as they had a tendency to be, when someone brought up Lara. “He was trying to get us pissed off. He was too much of a pussy to off himself like the rest of them do, so he wanted us to get pissed and kill him.”
“I would have killed him.” Alice hissed, “For lying, or for telling the truth.”
We were silent, but it was not a silence of the judgmental kind. We were all thinking that we knew she would, and that she would have been justified. 
“No scent?” She asked after a minute, “Nothing around the town that even remotely resembled her smell? Or Tyre’s? Was her scent on any of the other guys?”
Lara had told us that Tyre sometimes used her as payment for services rendered by men in other cities. That was all she would say, except that he did the same to his wife, so she was not all together insulted. Sometimes, her way of dealing with trauma had been identical to Brynna’s caustic, sarcastic way. 
“Nothing. If he came through there, then he was careful. He’s probably getting her scent off before he brings her anywhere near the places, because he knows we’re hitting them.”
“Fuck.” Alice murmured, “He’s got his claws in her good this time, doesn’t he? He’s not taking a chance of losing her.”
“No.” John replied, and his eyes flashed red in the darkness, “But I am going to hunt him down, and I’m taking him out this time. The last I saw him, I didn’t have a chance, but this time, I’m ending it.”
“As long as you let me have a crack at him.” I said, “In fact, we’ll just let everyone take a crack at him. Everyone deserves at least one free shot.”
“Hell yeah.” Eli replied with a smile as he stubbed out his cigarette on the concrete wall. “And Mom gets the final killing move.”
“Hell yeah, she does.” John agreed.
Don came around the corner just then, and he stopped, his eyes wide, when he saw us.
“Hello, all.” He said finally.
For a moment, we all stared back, not saying a word.
“Well, look who decided to show.” Alice snapped at him.
“I do apologize.” He said, “I had an appointment I couldn’t cancel.”
“Was she blonde?” I asked, and it was a low blow that prompted him to scowl at me darkly. 
Instead of replying, though, he simply gestured towards the door and said, “Shall we?” I did not push the issue, but Alice and I, the last to enter the room, walked in looking at each other, trying not to laugh.
Don sat down between Shilon and Vin, and gestured for everyone to be seated. It disturbed me that everyone, even those who did not particularly care for Don, stood when he entered the room. Even Adam, the King of all Free People on Purissimus, had not required anyone to rise while in his presence. In the Council meetings, though he, Janna, Don, and Brynna were in charge and sat at the front of the room, Brynna had said that everyone was equal. But Don needed to be revered, and the other people in the room with us showed their reverence, however unintentionally and however unwillingly, when they stood for him.
Or maybe they were just showing their respect to him as our leader. He had been leading us for twenty-five years. Some saw him as being of the same Godly stock that they had believed Adam had been a part of; every setback had been countered and a new solution had been hatched by Don, and they were still alive due to his intelligence and benevolence. The rest of us, though, viewed him as one whose bad qualities far outweighed the good. While we were out, searching for the Lapsarian, or for Lara, or for Old Spirit commanders, he sat at home, screwing the women who threw themselves at him, and making propaganda videos. 
Needless to say, the division of labor was badly skewed, and it was not just us out doing the hard work who noticed. The people at home who worked endlessly to keep our home bases up and running noticed how very little their leader accomplished, too. 
“Some days, I just want someone to kill him so we’ll have someone new.” Alice had told Eli, John, and me one night.
“That will never happen.” John said, “Say what you want about the people on this rock, but once someone’s in power, they do nothing to throw them out. Well, unless it’s someone on the other side of the Split.”
Don called the meeting to order and started with Khaled. 
“We brought in three Commanders.” Khaled informed him, “Two from Dracley and one from Daxx.”
“In good condition?” Don asked.
“Fit for interrogation, but certainly not in good condition. Sorry.” Khaled said airily, and the rest of us chuckled at that, but Don and Shilon frowned.
“It’s fine. Any news of the Lapsarian in the West?”
“None. They haven’t seen it. The story the last Commander from Aelhollow gave us was false. There is no fueling port within one hundred miles of the western coast.”
“Wonderful.” Don replied sarcastically, “Execute him tomorrow.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Unless, of course, he chooses to volunteer some truthful information.”
“He didn’t provide truthful information even after interrogation.” I said, “Something tells me that his loyalty to those people is more important to him than his life.” 
“So, you think he should just be killed.” Don said.
“Obviously.” I replied, “What’s the point of keeping him alive?”
“He knows where the Lapsarian is. He knows where Tyre is, what his movements are, now and in the future. That’s pretty important, Quinn.”
“Yeah, if he were willing to fork over the information. Fuck, the guy fought off Contact, and he fought off the truth drugs. We thought he was telling us the truth with that shit about the fueling station somewhere along the western coast, but it’s bullshit.”
“So what do you propose?”
“I want to work interrogation.”
In my peripheral vision, I saw Alice look at me, her eyes slightly wide, but not wide enough to betray the full extent of her shock. She did not want the other people in the room to think that I had not at least conferred with her about the decision. It had come to me suddenly, right there at the beginning of the meeting; the solution to whatever problem I was having was that I needed to stay home. I needed to settle. We needed to settle. Alice didn’t know it yet, but she needed some stability, even if only for a little while. It would solve all of our problems. 
I know it sounds awful, but I needed to make an executive decision. 
“You want to come off the road?” Don asked.
“Yes. Look, I want to find the Lapsarian just as much as anyone. Lara might be on it. I think the issue right now is that the people working interrogation have no other interest in finding the Lapsarian and Tyre other than that it’s how we’ll win the war. They’re looking at it from the standpoint of victory on the whole, and I guess that’s personally motivated, but it’s not as personally motivated as my investment in finding the Lapsarian and Tyre. It’s not as personal as John’s investment, or Allie’s, or Eli’s…”
“Yeah, but I’m not coming off the road, man.” Eli said, “I can’t. I gotta find my mom. I gotta be out there trying to find her, and trying to find the guys responsible for the deaths of my sisters. I can’t just sit here.”
“Neither can I.” John said, “But I do see your point. He’s right.”
“So, what are you three insinuating?” Shilon asked, because he had several sons working on Interrogation, and clearly found what I was saying to be an insult, which it kind of was. “They are not completing their tasks to your liking down there?”
“Yeah, that is what I’m insinuating.”
“I don’t think that’s what you’re really insinuating, Quinn…” Don started to say.
“No, that’s exactly what I’m insinuating, Don. And whatever, it doesn’t matter. I want to work interrogation.”
“I’m not coming off the road, either.” Alice said, to my shock, though I don’t know why I was shocked, “But we’ll talk about that privately later.”
“Allie…” I said quietly.
“In the North, we raided the cities on our list, but got no one…” She started to say.
But I wasn’t listening, because I knew, from seeing the red reflected in her eyes, that I was in serious trouble.
***
I walked ahead of Alice, because after the meeting, she was surrounded by the other Commanders so they could all congratulate each other on jobs well done. It was a practice Alice found infuriating, because half the time, we made no progress, but it was protocol, so she always allotted a few minutes to stay behind and receive her accolades, though she never gave them. 
Walking through the streets of Luna Moors was starting to feel like a new experience each time I did it, because I spent so much time away. The rocky ground there in our village, sparsely populated with grass, rose and fell and sloped and flattened, and the villagers had just learned to tread carefully over the years, lest they wished to face-plant every five minutes. Even after almost two and a half decades, my feet still found unfamiliar spots in the land to trip on. Though Luna Moors was sufficiently large—about seven thousand square feet, give or take a few—it was safe because it was isolated. The Moors that surrounded it stretched on and on, putting us hundreds of miles from the nearest civilization which was, unfortunately, Old Spirit territory in those days. In the way that the trebestia were both Shadow Village’s biggest protection and greatest threat, the Moors around us both shielded and endangered us. It kept the Old Spirits out, but most of our people had no idea how to get back to civilization, and the Moors were full of crags thousands of miles deep, caves populated by creatures the villagers spoke about like they were urban legends, and endless open space. 
The other biggest shield besides the land itself was the wall of stone. It stretched all around the village, and it would have made the place look like a prison if the villagers hadn’t lined all the paths with torches and planted trees from which they could hang strings of firefly lanterns. At night, the place had the same mythical glow that I remembered from Shadow Village, and when the nights were cool (and they usually were), I could remember our time there.
Mine and Alice’s house was on the first street. It was nothing compared to the palatial estate we had lived in when were in Shadow Village, but it worked for us. The good people of Luna Moors were not the most skilled carpenters and architects, so their homes were modest cottages with one level and only a few rooms. There was no preferential treatment given to us because we were former friends of Brynna Olivier, who was a friend of the King. The people looked at things rationally: the more people in a family, the bigger the house given to the family. I liked that about them. I also loved how much that infuriated Don. He tried to hide it, because he would never outwardly disrespect those showing him hospitality. But God, when we were in private, with none of the Luna Moors folks around, he went off. He was too much of a coward to say, “I’m basically the King now” or “We are blessing them with our presence.” So instead, he just frowned and said, “Adam would never stand for this,” which, say what anyone would about the former King, but something like modest living arrangements would not have bothered him.
I unlocked the door, shivered upon crossing the threshold because sometimes, I swear, the house still smelled like Lara, and immediately moved to the fireplace to get a fire going. 
The heat in front of me was nothing compared to what came through the door a second later.
“Did you honestly think that was going to work?!” She spat.
“Allie, I didn’t mean anything by it.”
“Don’t fucking tell me you didn’t mean anything by it!” She grabbed my arm and turned me around. I lost my footing and fell sideways onto the floor. “You have been dropping your little hints, and I have been ignoring them, because I didn’t have time for it, and because I didn’t want you to think that those hints were going to change anything, and then you pull that shit to get my attention!”
“It was not to get your attention.” I started again.
“It was to get my attention! And because you thought that by saying it in front of literally everyone, I would be forced to say, ‘Well, okay, here’s my goddamn resignation, my husband wants to stay home, so I will stay home.’ You knew how it would make me look!”
“Allie…” I reached out to grasp her hand.
“No! I told you that I would never stop! I told you that I would never back down. First, it was because I needed to kill them for what they did to Brynna, James, Penny, Nick, and Violet. Then it was for Lara. Remember her?! Do you remember what she looked like when we found her and John?! She is Tyre’s… his… Example! His ‘fallen woman.’ Do you remember her telling us that?! I picture it, what they’re doing to her, if she’s even still alive, and I don’t know if it’s her showing me, or if it is just my imagination and my guilt, and I don’t care. I need to find her, or I need to get her body back. I will keep going until I find her alive or I find her dead, and I will keep going until every person who so much as looked at Brynna, James, Penny, Nick, and Violet while they were imprisoned there, while they were getting walked out to the fucking Gallows, dies right in front of me! You forget all about them! Time has gone on, and you’ve just moved on. It doesn’t matter to you anymore!”
“Allie, how can you even say that?! I still think about them every day! I still feel that same rage I felt right after we found out!”
“And now you’re just saying exactly what I want to hear! Now you’re just lying right to my face! God, I cannot be here, Quinn! I cannot stay here! There are times, I close my eyes, and the smell in the air, it’s fucking Shadow Village all over again! I am right there, right back in time, and I come so close to convincing myself that none of it happened, that the past twenty-three years have been some fever dream or something, but then, I can feel them around me. The years. It’s fucking crazy, but I can feel the past twenty-three years around me. Everything that has happened, everything we have suffered and lost. I come so close to convincing myself that none of this has happened, but I can’t quite get there, and I don’t want to. I don’t want to feel them there again only to wake up and know they’re gone. And this house… This fucking house smells like Lara. She was here every day, and I can still smell her. I can still feel her. And any time I walk past the orchard, and I remember them taking her away… This place is haunted, Quinn. For me, this place is full of ghosts. This whole goddamn planet is haunted. We’ve seen a fraction of it, and I feel them everywhere. I can’t…” She sat down, still shaking from her anger but infinitely softer. I sat down beside her on the couch, but I did not try to take her hand or embrace her. She was still angry at me, but she also wanted to talk. She never talked anymore, and she had opened up to me back in the city about what she remembered about our family, but it was rare that she showed this softer side of herself, even to me.
“I can’t shake them. Sometimes, I think Brynna is alive out there, and she’s talking to me. She’s egging me on. Telling me if I just keep going, I’ll find her, James, Penny, Violet, and Nick, and then we’ll find Lara. If I just keep pushing, keep fighting, keep killing, keep bringing them to get killed… I just have to push harder, fight harder… It’s all bullshit, of course; she’s gone. And it’s sad, Quinn. It’s sad for so many reasons, but one of the saddest is how it has driven this wedge between us.”
“There doesn’t have to be a wedge between us, baby. I was wrong. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“No.” She said, “You want what you want. You want to settle down. I get that. God, it’s been a quarter of a century that we’ve been fighting this war, hasn’t it?”
We both laughed, because we were totally shocked, when we thought about it. Without physical aging, it was easy to lose track of time. Without crow’s feet around our eyes, laugh-lines around our mouths, wrinkles on our cheeks, and veins poking out of our hands, it was like everything—the end of Earth, the flight through space, the landing on Pangaea, living in Don’s house, living in Shadow Village, loving and then losing our second family, and spending years hunting down those responsible—it had all happened in just a few weeks. We were so similar to how we had been, and yet we were so different. I didn’t know how the polarized sides of it could possibly exist simultaneously, but they did. We were the same, but we were different. Physically, we were the same. Inside, a little bit, we were the same as our teenaged selves. But then there was that maturity that grew. It was a darkness that had manifested after we had lost our loved ones. It was a darkness that every man and woman on every planet feels manifested at one point or another. 
Growing older, seeing death, sadness, and hardship, grows darkness. It’s sad. It’s cynical. But it’s true. With awareness, with light, comes darkness.
“Baby…” I said, “I go where you go. Do you remember when I said that to you?”
She looked at me, her eyes full of tears. Her lips trembled as she held them together tightly, but then, a sob escaped her. It was a hard exhalation, like a curse spat not at me, not at anything in particular. Once she started, she curled over, her chest resting on her thighs, her face in her hands as she cried.
“Do you remember that, baby?” I asked her again, because my throat had locked, and a tear had fallen from my eye.
She nodded.
“I go where you go.” I told her again.
She nodded and cried harder.
“We were so young.”
“I know.” I said, and now, I wiped at my eyes, because the tears were falling a little faster.
“We were so young, Quinn.”
“I know, baby.”
“I still want the log cabin. But I don’t know when I’ll want it. That doesn’t make any sense.”
“No.” I assured her, “It makes perfect sense, baby.”
“Everything got so screwed up. Everything just got broken. And I don’t even know why. All these years, I’ve wondered why, and I’ve got nothing.”
“I know, baby.”
“I mean, I believe this war is necessary. I do. You’ve seen what they do to people, and I’ve seen it. But I never thought it would be like this. When we were leaving Earth, when we were on the ship, even when we were in the tent, talking about the log cabin, I never could have imagined this. Even when Adam said that only one side would come out of this, I never thought it would go on, at this level, for twenty-five years. I never thought we’d lose Brynnie and James. They seemed so invincible. And Violet and Penny were just young, like us. I’d seen it happen a million times on Earth, on the news, but… I couldn’t imagine that two people—one of them our age, and the other, just a little girl—could die so violently. I guess I didn’t think God would be so cruel. How I could think that, I don’t know. Like I said, we saw it a million times on Earth, in all the other countries and in ours, when everything started going crazy. When everything was crazy. God, it was happening right at home. But here, I don’t know… I guess I thought things would be different.”
She cleared her throat, wiped at her eyes, and squeezed my hand, forcing a smile.
“Just ignore me. If you want to stay at home while I go out, obviously, we’ll make it work.” She told me, and I couldn’t tell if I was imagining it, but I thought her voice sounded robotic, like she was only saying what she knew would appease me. But then, if I had my choice, we would both be staying home, so if she were merely trying to appease me, she would have said that she was staying home, too.
“I’m sorry for yelling at you, and for unloading on you like that. I’m just stressed. I’m losing the faith a little bit. Obviously.”
“Don’t say that! You haven’t lost your faith this far, don’t lose it now!” I urged her, but a part of me, honestly, wished that she would. Maybe that’s unfair of me, to say that. I didn’t want her to lose her faith in her version of God, but that’s not what she was talking about. She was talking about her faith in the mission, in her ability to ever find Lara or the Lapsarian. Ever the pessimist, I knew there was no end in sight, and that there would probably never be an end. On Earth, people had fought and died for centuries over imagined slights, or because of fundamental differences. The Old Spirits would never be gone, the same way that the Red Anarchy would never be gone. If we were to kill every Old Spirit, we would miss at least one or two, and then those one or two would swear vengeance, they would believe every terrible thing they had ever heard about us “savages,” and then, somehow, someway, they would gather one or two more dissenters, and then, the whole conflict would begin anew. It was a vicious cycle that never ended. But Alice, ever the optimist, even when she was roundly depressed and rightly pissed off, saw an end. She saw us winning. She saw us bringing those who had killed our family to justice. She saw a harmonious balance between the two sides. She saw an end.
“I won’t.” She told me, “I won’t lose my faith. Know why? Because it’s actually reversed, Quinn. My faith won’t let go of me. Every time I think it’s gone, it comes back stronger. Every time I just want to let go of it all and give up, something pulls me back. Some days, I think it would be easier if I just stopped, but then I think about Lara. And even if Lara is gone, if I stopped now, I would always wonder how many lives I could have saved if I had just kept going. I’d always wonder if it would have ended had I just kept going. Anyway.” She stood up, breathed in deeply and exhaled slowly. 
“I’m hungry. Where do you want to go get dinner?”
***
“Look, man, you punked her hardcore.” Eli told me, as he took a long drag on his cigarette. He was out in his yard, his shirt tied around his head to protect him from the hot morning sun, raking the leaves from the trees that had accumulated to epic proportions while he was gone. In the house, I saw his wife, Melinda, sitting at the table, painting her nails, a Rover-Phone pressed to her ear. The perfect picture of the trophy wife. 
Don’t get me wrong, I did not want Alice to be like Melinda. For one thing, Melinda was short-tempered and lazy; when Eli was home, we could hear her shouting at him halfway up the block, and when he wasn’t home, she did nothing to keep the house looking good, as evidenced by the huge pile of leaves Eli was raking. But as I watched her through the window, watched her throw back her raven-haired head and laugh heartily at something one of her many friends was saying on the Rover-Phone, I pictured myself, out in our yard, raking leaves, looking in at Alice as she sat at our kitchen table in her bathrobe, painting her nails, throwing back her blonde-haired head and laughing at something one of her many friends was saying on the Rover-Phone. The perfect picture of the trophy wife. Of the wife in general. 
Oh, my God. If Brynna Olivier had heard those thoughts, she would have punched me so hard, my jaw would have flown off. Not because there is anything wrong with being a wife, but because Alice was not that image at all. I wanted to punch myself, just for having thought it. But I had thought it, and I had to accept it. I didn’t want Alice to be that stereotypical picture of the perfect wife, not for the reasons that you might think. It wouldn’t be so that I could be the stereotypical picture of the male, out “bringing home the bacon,” as they say, and coming home to a loving wife who had dinner on the table for me. That is definitely not it. But did I want her to have normalcy? Did I think that that image is maybe what she would have been had the world not changed so much? Maybe. She wouldn’t have been like Melinda in that Melinda sat at home all day, but she would have been able to sit in our kitchen, painting her nails, and laughing on the phone (probably with Violet) had the world not changed. 
It sounds like I’m trying to compensate for the thought, or that I’m lying to look better. But I’m just trying to make sense of why seeing Melinda sitting there made me picture Alice in the same place.
“What do you mean I punked her?” I asked.
“You clearly didn’t talk about staying home beforehand. She was shocked. So, of course she was pissed. The War Room is not exactly the place to drop a bomb like that.”
“I know. Look, man, it just came out. Shilon was talking, and you know how I love Shilon…”
“Yeah, I know.” He replied, “Someone needs to knock that motherfucker’s teeth out.”
“I know. And what I said is true… His sons don’t give a shit what they get out of people in interrogations. I think that all of them want this war to keep going, because they’re in demand. Shilon is in demand because of the battles he fought and won way back in the First, and his sons are in demand because they got so much shit out of people in the Second.”
“Well, yeah, but the Second was way less intense than the First.”
The First happened when Adam and Tyre first went to war. That is when men like Shilon and the Lord of War rose to prominence on their respective sides. The Second happened after the war had mellowed out somewhat, and then resurged again, which occurred after Tyre had killed someone very close to Adam. And the Third is where we came in. The big, bad Third. 
“Still, they led our Commanders to their Commanders, and they almost got Tyre because of it, so people took notice.” I replied, “Regardless, I said what I said, and I want that, man. I want to just stay here. I’m sick of moving around.”
“We’re all sick of moving around, but we do what we have to do. You think I want to be out on the road?”
“Yeah, I do. Because you hate your wife.”
“Well, yeah.” He replied, “But regardless of that…”
I laughed, because it never failed to entertain me how readily he would admit that he was less than fond of his wife. He grinned, too, knowing how it entertained me.
“I’d rather be here with her, listening to her nag me incessantly, than out there, getting shot at.”
“Really?” I asked, and my skepticism was plain.
“Well, no. I dig the rush, and I’m out there looking for my mom and the fuckers who took my sisters and my girl.”
The girl he was referring to was Janna.
“But honestly, the biggest, baddest Old Spirits, and the fastest guns, and the thought of torture, don’t terrify me as much as that one does.” He pointed at the window, and Melinda saw him do it. She furrowed her brows, held her arms out to the side, and shouted, “What?!” at the glass, and we had to turn away to keep from laughing in her direction, which was like waving the red cape. 
“Why her, man?” I asked him, “There were so many girls who wanted you when we came here.”
“I know. But none of them made me crazy like she did.” He lit up another cigarette, “Oh, and the sex. You know I hit it with all those other girls…”
“Yeah, I do know.” 
“Well, none of them fucked me like that one. So there you go, I’m a dog, but I’m paying the price, because that bitch is fucking batshit. But I dig it, so I’m not really paying for it.”
“Yeah.”
“But you…” He pointed at me with the hand holding the cigarette, “You got a good girl. She was good when she was just sweet, young Alice, and she’s good when she’s tough-as-nails, Commander Alice Wesley.”
“I know, man. You think I don’t know that?”
“Well, you want to force her out of doing what she wants to do. So I don’t know what you know.”
“She doesn’t want to do this. She told me she feels obligated to do it. She says she can’t stop doing it. She has to keep going, for your mom’s sake.”
“Well, they were close. You remember how they were.”
“Of course I remember. And I don’t fault her for wanting to keep looking for her, but even if we find her, Eli, she’s not going to stop. She’s too enmeshed in this fight now. She wants to end it. She wants to see it to the end.”
“Can you fault her for that? After all we’ve lost?”
“Of course not. And trust me, I wonder why I’m not taking up the battle flag right along with you guys. Of course I want vengeance. Of course I want blood. For Lara, for Brynna and James, for Penny, for Violet and Nick, and Rachel, and Tony and Tom… All of them! But I’m not on this level. And maybe it’s because I’m a coward, I don’t know.”
“That’s not it.” He told me, “If you were a coward, you wouldn’t be out there.”
“Yeah, but I’m trying not to be out there.”
“But you’re not doing that because you’re scared. You just want some normalcy. You want to settle down for a little while. I get that, dude. I wish I was on that level with you. But she is my mother, and they were my sisters. Brynna and I were so close on Earth, and things got messed up here because of James. It took losing her for me to see that I should have just left her alone, let her make her own mistakes. I should have just recognized that she was happy instead of trying to protect her. See, I can think all of this stuff, but I can never say it. All I can do is prove it. All I can do is kill anyone who saw them and did nothing, and that’s how I can right this is my mind. With Mom, all I can do is look for her until I find her alive or not alive.”
“I feel all of that.” I told him, “I feel the rage, I feel the sadness. I want those people who hurt them to be dead. I want to kill them in the worst way possible. But I’m tired. That’s what it is. I’m fucking tired, man. This has been incessant for twenty-five years. For a quarter of a century, we have been fighting this fight, and it boiled over after Lara was taken, and after we found out that Brynna, Penny, Violet, Nick, and James were dead. But it’s has been twenty-five years! It makes sense for you, because like you said, Lara is your mother, and Brynna, Violet, and Penny were your sisters. But…”
“To you, it doesn’t make sense, because Allie isn’t related to us by blood.”
“Kind of, but not really. She and Lara were inseparable. She and Violet were inseparable, and in Shadow Village, she got so close to Brynna. I don’t know what I’m saying. I know what I want, but I feel bad for wanting it. It’s all so fucked.”
“It’s been fucked. It’s always gonna be fucked. It’s been a long time. All these years, and it’s still not over. But we aren’t going to stop. Not until Tyre is dead, and his whole fucking cult is disbanded or dead, too. I don’t look down on you for wanting out, and for not being on this level, as you said. But you can’t expect Allie to want out, or to come down to your level. She’s justified in what she feels, and she’s gotta do what is going to make her feel alright with all that’s happened. You can’t get in the way of her making her peace, Quinn. She will resent you for it for the rest of your life if you do, and our lives are long, man. You don’t want her resenting you for all eternity, do you?”
“No.” I replied, “I just want… Never mind.”
It wouldn’t change anything to say it loud, and still, I was going to say it. I was going to say it, because maybe the One God, or the Gods, or something up in the sky would hear it and take pity on me, on us, on the world. 
 “I just want it to be over.”
“I know, man.” Elijah replied, “But it’s not. So just tap out for a little while. Maybe some distance between you and Allie will be good.”
“But I told her that I go where she goes. I made her a promise. I can’t take it back, and I don’t want to take it back.”
“She’ll understand. Allie’s the type of girl who tries to see all sides of the issue, and you know that to be true. It’s one of the things I love about her, and something that makes me have mad respect for her. Explain it to her. Come at her differently about it. Tell her you just need out of this for a while. She can go, but you need to stay.”
“It won’t work. I’ll worry about her the whole time. I’ll kick myself for not going. I’ve always had this idea… Well, I’ve had it since the war started, that if we’re going to die, we need to die together. If we’re going to fight, we’re going to fight side by side, and we will die side by side. If something happens to her while she’s out there, and I’m safe at home, I’m never going to forgive myself. And like you said, our lives are long, and I don’t want to spend my life without her, hating myself for letting something happen to her. There’s no easy solution to this. I want to tap out, you’re right. Even if just for a little bit, but she wants to keep going. She doesn’t stop, ever. She never runs out of juice, but I’m running out. I don’t know what to do.”
“I don’t know, either. But you’ll figure it out. You always do.”
“Thanks, man.” I said, “Oh, shit, here she comes.”
Melinda threw open the sliding glass door. 
“Are you planning on coming in here and taking a shower? The Sermon starts in half an hour, and I know how you like to screw around with your hair for five hours before you can even think about stepping outside of this house!”
“Do you want me to rake the leaves, or do you want me to take a shower?! Can’t have it both ways, sweetheart!”
“You should be done with the damn leaves by now, but you’re out here dicking around with him.”
“Hi, Melinda!” I called, just to be obnoxious.
She scowled at me for at least ten seconds. Ten seconds of silent, evil glaring. The corners of my mouth twitched, and when I heard Elijah snort very softly through his nose as he tried not to laugh, I lost it. I burst out laughing, clapped him on the back, said, “Good luck!” and started my walk towards the gate.
“We’re running out of time, and I haven’t taken my shower yet, either!” Melinda shouted.
“Well, why didn’t you stop your incessant ranting and raving on the phone with your bitch brigade and take a shower?!”
“My nails were drying, you prick! Now, hurry up and finish the leaves! I need to do my hair!”
“Well, looks like we’re just going to have to take a shower together, because we are running out of time before we get to go watch Don flap his jaws!”
“Don’t talk about Don like that, and fine, you’re right, we do just have to shower together!”
“Alrighty, then, just let me throw these leaves into the fire real quick, and then I am going to rip you out of that robe!”
“Fine! Maybe I didn’t stop you from raking the leaves because watching you out here all tanned and shirtless made me so hot we won’t need any foreplay in the shower!”
“Maybe!” Eli yelled back. “How should I know what goes on in that crazy fucking mind of yours!?”
“Maybe you should try harder to know! I don’t need to try with your mind, because it’s an empty fucking void!”
“You are such a bitch!”
Sometimes I wondered if they didn’t play up the discord in their relationship for comedic effect, even if the comedic effect was lost on everyone else but them. They didn’t care who in the neighborhood heard them insulting each other and shouting about shower sex. 
All the way up the street, I heard them, and when I got back to the house, I saw Alice standing on our front porch, smoking, with her wrapped hair in a towel. 
“They at it again?” She asked.
“Aren’t they always?”
She kissed me, her eyes still fixated up the street. I took a puff on the cigarette after she handed it to me, and looked at her. There was no consternation in her eyes as she listened to the argument echoing towards us, but there was something there. It was not curiosity, nor was it anger on behalf of Eli. 
“What is it?” I asked her.
“I don’t know. Just thinking about what Lara would say if she were here.”
“She wouldn’t say anything, because they wouldn’t be married if she were here.”
“Yeah.” She replied before stubbing out the cigarette and walking back into the house, “Maybe.”
***
In the open space behind Don’s house, the trees were hung round with lights to illuminate the stage that had been erected for him. Hundreds of chairs were arranged in neat rows, though some were higher than others due to the rising and falling of the rocks. People were decked out in their “Don Day Best,” which, I’m sure you realize, was our Pangaean, Red Anarchist version of the Earthean phrase “Sunday best.” What you might not realize is that the phrase was coined out of snark, not reverence. 
Don Day was on Sunday, ironically. Well, it was on the free-day, the day before work resumed. I say it’s ironic because on Earth, Sunday was a day of worship for moral, faithful people (ideally, anyway), whereas our Don Day was a day of our village coming together to listen to Don, the least-moral person I knew besides Tyre and his ilk, prattle on about whatever it was that went on in his mind. But when he exited his house, followed by two young, blonde woman (at which Alice and I rolled our eyes, because I had told her the story of Don’s blonde), a hush came over the crowd that had been talking animatedly just a few seconds earlier. Beside me, Alice sat cross-legged in her long, flowing black dress, her blonde hair straightened and shining in the light. Instead of watching Don and many members of the council take the stage, I was watching her, and when she looked over at me, her blue eyes glowing in the light from the tree-lamps, and mouthed, “What?” with a hint of a smile on her glossy lips, I grinned and shook my head.
“You’re dumb.” She whispered, but her cheeks were flushed a little redder, and she was still smiling as her hand came down to grasp mine.
“You’re dumb.” I whispered back.
“Shut up.”
“You shut up.”
“Stop!”
“You started it!”
She giggled quietly, and several faces, all wearing expressions ranging from irritation to incredulity at our disrespect to utter fury, turned in our direction. 
“Problem?” Alice asked them, her smile vanishing to be replaced by her usual look of steely rage. The people glaring at us knew all about her, how she was the youngest Commander ever to lead a band of troops, how she had the highest Old Spirit kill rate of any Commander, how she brought in the most Commanders who wanted to do the most talking. No one was going to say anything to either of us. They could glare, but they wouldn’t open their mouths. 
“Yeah!” I shot at them, not loud enough so the whole crowd could hear, but loud enough so they could, “My girl’ll kick your ass!”
“Stop!” She said, before laughing again. 
“Ahem.” Don said, and he was looking at us, which caused us both to burst out laughing. We quieted down, though, when he said, “Alice, will you be taking your seat up here on stage with us? Will John?”
“John is not here, because he had a pressing matter to attend to, and I am fine right here with my husband. Thank you, though.” She replied with a fake air of cheeriness.
“Alright.” Don replied stiffly, “If I may begin.”
“By all means.” I said, and Alice snorted through her nose to keep from laughing any harder. 
“In my quiet reflection today, I found myself pondering the answer to one of our existence’s most fundamental questions.” Don said, and Alice and I, seated in the absolute last row, were able to look around and see all of the faces, all of the eyes fixed on the man speaking, all of the pathetically rapt attention given to a maniac who thought he was God and King. 
“It’s not the question of why we’re here. It’s not the question of why we’re immortal and ageless. It’s the question of, are we animals, or are we men and women? Or are we both?”
“Oh, God…” Alice groaned, and on the other side of the aisle, she caught Eli’s eye when he looked back at us. He was slouched down in his chair, legs open, and when he looked back at us, he rolled his eyes. Beside him, Melinda was sitting up straight and tall, her eyes on Don, her attention rapt, certainly, but her eyes ablaze with a look of fury that was undeniable when she glanced over at her husband every few minutes.
She should hardly have been able to blame Eli for being so obviously uninterested; the vast majority of the council members on stage were ones who frequently voted against Don’s measures, and did not buy into the propaganda surrounding his rule. I watched a few of them yawn, and a few of them roll their eyes, and as I watched them, I counted thirty of the forty-five council members on stage, not including Alice, John, Eli, and me, and out of the thirty, twenty-eight were against Don on most issues. I pitied them, having to keep up the façade of harmony and togetherness for the sake of the people in our town. 
“Way back in the day,” Don continued, “Twenty-six years ago, some of us lived on a faraway land, a land that is dead now. In the final days on that land, we began to undergo a drastic change. The powers gifted to us by the One God ran awry. Our hearts attacked other hearts, ripping them open for our prying minds. Our bodies were stronger and faster than ever before, our teeth were long and sharp, when we needed them to be. Creatures stalked us, dark creatures who could change their shape, who could steal identities. But we escaped, and once here, on this land, our drastic change came full circle. We could control our gifts. We could change over to our animal forms at will. But why? Why are we these advanced beings? Why, when we were on Earth, were we not what we are now? Surely our challenges were the same: we faced the same conflicts, the same battles, the same wars. We saw the same pain. We witnessed the same deaths. We fought this same fight. So, why were we merely human? Why were not evolved, like our Purissimissian brothers and sisters we would come to meet and know and love?”
He paused for effect. Alice laughed, I smirked, Eli sunk down further in his chair because he was asleep already.
“The answer is that, though our battles were the same battles and our pain the same pain, we had lived so long under the restraints of what we will call ‘the Way of Man.’ I want my formerly Earthean friends to look back. Way back, twenty-six years ago. I want my Purissimissian friends to close your eyes and imagine. What were our lives before this? The world was falling to ruins; every country seemed to be at war, even with its neighbors. Even with its allies. In every major city throughout our world, people were falling ill with a mystery plague, losing their homes, losing their jobs, losing every cent they had ever earned and saved. Cities were falling, new governments were rising and falling, and all the while, down tumbled who we will call ‘the Littles.’ The little man, the little woman. And who rose, during this time? The Fat Man. The Fat Woman. As people traded sex and precious possessions for rations cards or clean water to drink in the fallen cities, or agreed to years of servitude to the Fat Man and the Fat Woman just to put a loaf of bread on the table, as young men and women fought and died for anything that would keep the world running, the Fat Man and the Fat Woman sat atop their hoarded goods, their food that they had banned, their booze, their cigarettes… And what did they give us? Some drugs to keep us docile and just enough—just a tiny little bit—to keep us from causing any more havoc than we already had. In short, to keep us living ‘the way of Man.’ So, why would the One God bless us then? Why would he bless us in our docility, in our passiveness? Every day, in every country, all around the world, we could have risen up and said ‘enough is enough.’ We could have stopped the train of destruction in its tracks and destroyed it, knowing that from the ashes of it, a newer, better world would rise, a world that would be what we made it. But we did nothing. We allowed the Fat Man and the Fat Woman to continue their rule, and our world fell.
“Now, my natives of this land, imagine how it must have been for us when we came here. We had seized our chance at salvation, and we were rewarded, with these new gifts and these new animal traits. What we will call, ‘The Way of Nature.’ Your late, great leader, the one true Rexprimus of this world (I know that you all call me by that name, and though I am honored, I do not stand close to King Adam)… He ordered us to choose. What some viewed as an order given out of his prejudice towards our kind, I know, because of how close I was to him, that what he was ordering us to do was choose: The Way of Man, or the Way of Nature. And if you are sitting here, it means that you have chosen the Way of Nature. The one true way. The One God did not give us these gifts so that we would repress them. He made us who we are because it is his way. If you feel it, it is his way. If you want something, it is because he wants it. Live and let live, my brothers and sisters. And remember, Endless Anarchy, Red Revolution.”
In a forceful, unanimous shout, and with one fist raised high in the air, everyone shouted, “Endless Anarchy! Red Revolution!”
Even Alice and I shouted, because though we hated Don (and we really did hate him), we loved our kind. We loved our people. We were proud to be Red Anarchy.
The crowd stood, clapping, as Don took a bow, and all around me, I could hear voices of both men and women gushing about how brilliant and inspirational he was, and how lucky we all were to have such a strong leader.
Alice and I were standing, too, and I was clapping. When I saw that she was not clapping, but instead was looking all around with her brows furrowed, and her nose wrinkling as she smelled the air, I began to smell the air and look around, too. Our senses were heightened all the time because of how alert we always had to be when we were on the road. Because they were heightened, we had memorized the “heart patterns” of every person in the village, as well as their smells. Suddenly, there was a disturbance in the heart patterns, and a new smell mixed into the collective. Someone was there who should not have been there, and before we could realize who he was, we saw the blinding flash of white far off in the crowd. 
“FOR THE TRUE ONE GOD!” His voice shouted, and Alice and I watched as the Light Bomb sailed through the air and landed on the stage. Everything occurred so quickly, and yet in my eyes, it happened in slow motion. Several men and woman rushed the stage to shield Don from the blast. Others turned to run, including Elijah, who was shielding Melinda with his body as he ran towards us. For just one nanosecond, Alice’s body tensed and then lurched forward, because her first instinct was to try to help, but her second instinct—the smarter, more feral, more selfish one, the one that wanted to guarantee her survival—told her that there was no help she could possibly offer. 
Light Bombs, like Sun Harnesses, weaponize pure sunlight, or so it is said. Somehow, the light is funneled into the heavy, bionic metal shell and capped, and when the cap is broken, just like with a grenade, the shell detonates. When that happens, bodies are not just incinerated, they are eviscerated, and though they are weaker than nuclear bombs in some respects, like that they do not spread toxic radiation nor do they cause destruction as widespread, they will blind anyone within a ten mile radius if one looks directly at them as they detonate, and the outward spread of heat is formed like a thin cord, so that if one is standing, the cord of heat will sever a person in half.
My body was over Alice’s, and I prayed that the cord would go over top of us, but all the while, I was thinking of how it was luck of the draw, and sometimes lack of luck, depending on what happened: sometimes, the detonation shot up, so the cord went high, taller than anyone’s height, but sometimes, the detonation sunk low, cutting across the ground where people fell out of reflex. Like I said, luck of the draw, or lack thereof.
I felt the heat pass over head, and heard the splintering of wood. My shirt singed, but I felt no pain, so hopefully, I had not been burned, though the cord had come close. Maybe it was my adrenaline pumping that kept me from feeling pain, or maybe it was because the cord really was as sharp as they said, so sharp that one wouldn’t feel a thing until your top half was sliding off your bottom half. I wanted to reach back and feel for blood, or for some gaping wound, but I did not want to let go of Alice. The Light Bomb made no noise, so all I could do was wait until the blinding flash of light that I could still see even behind my tightly clenched eyelids died away.
When it did, I could breathe again. I could hear again. But I did not want to look. 
“You good, Eli?” I asked.
“Fuck, man… Fuckin’ A, man…” He said shakily.
“Melinda?” I asked.
“I’m alright.” She said, “Alice?”
“Fine.” Alice said below me, and when I opened my eyes, all I could see were Melinda and Elijah, lying on the ground, him on top of her, holding both of her hands. My eyes stayed locked on them, because I did not want to look up. I did not want to see the destruction or guess how many lives had been lost.
“Eli!” A voice was calling, “Alice! Quinn!”
“We’re here, John!” Alice called, and she held up her shaking arm so he could see.
“Oh, my God!” He threw himself down beside us and hugged us both. “What the fuck just happened?!”
“An Old Spirit found us. Again.” Alice replied, and she stood up and looked straight ahead, where the stage had been. When I looked, I saw that there was no stage. There was no sign that there had ever been a stage, so you had better believe that there was no sign of there ever having been people to sit in front of or on it. The explosion had taken out the stage and at least ten rows of chairs. My feet pivoted, turning me so I could see a three-sixty scope of the area. Sure enough, I saw more bodies slashed in two than I had ever wanted to see. 
“A fucking Light Bomb. A motherfucking Light Bomb.” John murmured beside me furiously, “On civilians!” 
Even after all he had seen them do, he couldn’t fathom it. Even after he had watched Tyre allow men to beat and rape his wife because of crimes she had committed on Earth, even after he had watched Mary and Rich Bachum decide who would “see Heaven”—regardless of whether who they decided upon was a man, a woman, or a child—and even after he had watched them make their sacrifices, he couldn’t believe their evil, and honestly, I couldn’t, either. Alice said that it was because we were so inherently good, while she was not. I had my disagreements with that, obviously. But I couldn’t come up with a better explanation for mine and John’s disbelief. 
An ear-splitting scream sounded behind us, and when we all turned simultaneously, we saw a woman lying on the ground, her hands over her eyes, screaming that she couldn’t see. Her shriek was the first sound to break the dense, ringing, throbbing silence that had been left in the bomb’s wake, but more soon joined in. It was like our entire world had been hanging, suspended in air, and that high-pitched wail was what sent it hurtling back towards the ground, where it shattered upon impact. 
“It’s alright.” I told her, as I tried to pull her hands away. She let go of her eyes with one hand to slash out at me, and I tried to remember her name, “Mrs. Forsyth, it’s Quinn Wesley, Alice Wesley’s husband!”
She kept screaming, because what did it matter to her who I was? She was blind because she had looked, and her husband was dead beside her, severed in the middle of his chest, but I didn’t know if she knew that. But when she began to ask, “Where is Isidore?! Where is he?! Is he alright?!” it became impossible for me to pretend like she already knew her husband was dead and I wouldn’t have to tell her.
“Not now.” Alice told me right as I opened my mouth. “Mrs. Forsyth, it’s Alice Wesley. Quinn and I are going to wait with you until the doctors get back from the Infirmary.”
I turned around to see Melinda holding a child who was grasping her eyes and sobbing. I was horrified to see that the little girl’s tears were tinged with red. 
“Shh, sweetheart. It is alright. It is alright, sweet baby.” Melinda whispered, and the little girl screamed a little louder, and held onto her arms. I recognized her as the little girl who lived at the very end of our street, where she rode her bike around and around the cul-de-sac with her little brother and their friends. Her parents were both carpenters, and I remembered a few years earlier how they had made Alice and I a new kitchen table when our old one was worn out. 
They were dead, too.
Elijah had her little brother, who was only about two, and he was holding him, walking him away from the carnage as he wailed and shouted, “Mama! Da-da! Mama! Da-da!” over and over again, so shrilly I could barely make out his words. 
Close your eyes, Brynna’s voice said in my mind, because she tended to pop up when I needed her. She was a hologram that existed in my mind and only appeared when I couldn’t cope, when it was all too much, when the sights before my eyes burned into my retinas like the searing glare of the Light Bombs. 
Close them, the hologram of her said. Her voice was neither gentle nor harsh, but right in the middle, exactly as I remembered her tone to be, always. 
Alright. Now count with me, Quinn. One…
“One…”
Two…
“Two…”
Three.
“Three.”
Now go.
She dissolved away, and as always, my heart felt the pain of her absence all over again. Though I could say that I wanted to stay at home for a while and give the war a rest, I could not say that the pain was dulled. It never would be dulled. Feeling her there, as clearly as I could see the fading light of day around me, and then not feeling her, was like being shielded from a winter night by a warm blanket, only to have the blanket immediately ripped away. It was to feel relief and then lose it, only so you could know relief and ache for it more because you knew it.
“We need Healers now!” Melinda barked, “Where are they?!”
“They’re coming. John’s got them now.” I walked a few steps away from her and the girl, “John! Get her first!” 
John came over, carrying a stretcher with the help of one of the Medics.
“Alright, sweetie, I am going to put you on this stretcher…” Melinda began to say.
“NO!” The little girl cried, and she let go of her eyes to hold Melinda with both hands. All around her eyes, the skin was scorched, and her irises were white, while the whites of her eyes were red with blood.
“No, sweetie, I am going with you. I am going with you to the infirmary.” She told her, “Baby!” She called to Eli, “Let me take him, too, so you can help out here.”
Eli handed over the brother, who went to Melinda easily. Then, he put both of his hands on her face, looked at her for a long second, and kissed her. He pushed her long black hair away from her face and then kissed her again. 
“I love you.” She said.
“I love you. Be safe. I’ll see you at home.” 
She nodded and walked off with the paramedic. John was already helping Alice get Mrs. Forsyth onto a stretcher, and I realized that with all of my observing, I was being of no help at all. I ran to a man who had dislocated his shoulder when he had dove out of the way of the explosion.
“What’s he got, Quinn?” Eli called to me as he helped tie a tourniquet on a sobbing man’s half-severed arm. “Don’t worry, sir. They’ll get this fixed up in no time.” I heard him say. 
“Dislocated shoulder!”
“We got a dislocated shoulder!” Eli shouted back to another paramedic. “We got a dislocated shoulder, and a cord-cut, upper bicep! Everyone else is eye damage!”
The Medics had lost some of their number in the explosion, so they were terribly short-staffed, and knowing that we did not have the medical personnel to tend to all of our injured made the panic in my heart kick up a notch. 
“You got him?” I heard Alice ask Eli as they stood at either end of the stretcher.
“Got him.”
“Alright. Lift.”
“You ready?” John asked me, and together, we lifted the very last victim and began to head off to the Infirmary. 
Before we rounded the corner, though, we heard the heavy whooshing of air upwards. We heard it just in time for us to realize that we needed to dive for the ground and cover our eyes. We heard wood exploding outwards, the splintering of the supports that held the infirmary off of the ground, the deafening thud as the huge wooden structure that was the infirmary crashed and exploded into a million pieces, with countless more of our people inside. The cord sliced through trees this time, and in a blur, we were up, running, avoiding being crushed by the tree trunks as they fell, all of us still carrying our injured people. Several cottages were flattened, and the screams were endless. 
“Melinda!” Eli bellowed, and he put down his end of the stretcher and zoomed off, screaming her name desperately. John went after him, for the sake of the injured people who might have miraculously survived, but more so for the sake of his son, whom he knew would need him if Melinda was gone, which I knew she was.
“Quinn?” Alice asked.
“What, baby?”
When I looked back at her, she was staring up the path, her eyes moving slowly back and forth between the two detonation sites. Tears were glistening in her eyes, but I knew that they were only tears of rage. 
“What is it, baby? Talk to me.”
Fiercely, she whispered:
“You still want to stay home?”

Violet
“Not too burny, Vi. It tastes yucky when it gets all burny.” Millie told me as I helped her hold her stick over the fire that Macie, Akio, and I had started in our backyard. “Right, Akio?” 
“Exactly right.” Akio replied, agreeing with her as he always did. 
So much about Millie reminded me of Penny. Her willfulness, her boldness, her adorable bossiness… She was the combined image of both of her mothers, somehow, while Penny was simply the spitting image of Brynna, but still, the maternal resemblance, in whatever form, was another strong reminder. Sometimes, when Millie became very animated, and began to talk very fast, using her hands, I could swear, if I closed my eyes, that it was Penny sitting right beside me. Millie was three, so three years younger than Penny had been when she had died. As I held her little hand, steadying the stick so that the marshmallow she was holding over the fire was close enough that it would toast quickly (because Millie was so excited to eat her s’mores that she was becoming impatient) but far enough away that it wouldn’t burn (which would make us have to start the process all over again), I could not look at her, because for a second—for just one, strange second—I had convinced myself that we were back home in Shadow Village, and it was Penny sitting beside me.
I had not wanted to swap Millie for Penny. I had not wanted to revoke Millie’s existence, not even if it would have brought Penny back. I just somehow forgot which little girl was sitting beside me, the one who had miraculously survived, or the one I had tragically lost. 
“Baby.” Akio said softly in my ear. His hand came to rest gently on my back, and when I jumped slightly, he apologized. “You’re drifting.”
I nodded, and then reached back to squeeze his hand in silent yet emphatic thanks for pulling me back. The marshmallow on the stick was perfectly golden brown, just the way Millie liked them, and she squealed with glee and clapped when I pulled it out of the flames.
“Can I blow it? Can I blow it?” She asked excitedly, because some of the flame was still clinging to the gooey surface, charring it black.
“Of course, baby. Hurry, though. Blow! Blow!” I told her, and I giggled when she pulled in a huge breath of air, puffed out her cheeks, and blew as hard as she could to extinguish the flame. 
“It’s perfect, Vi.” She told me, and she ran over to Macie, who was coming out with the homemade graham crackers and the store-bought chocolate that had cost over half my paycheck but was worth every penny.
“Mama, look!” She told her, before running back to me. “Look at how perfect Vi cooked my marshmallow.”
“You cooked it, baby!” I corrected her, “I only helped.”
“Let me see.” Macie said, and she sat down beside us and observed the marshmallow. “What a wonderful job you both did!” She kissed my cheek and then she kissed Macie’s. “Alright, now these graham crackers are a little softer than normal for some reason, but they will do.”
“Oh, they’re fine.” Akio replied, “You’re so harshly critical of your own cooking.”
“Well, this glorious Earthean dessert deserves only the highest quality ingredients, because it is just so magnificently delicious. We must save some for Lucy, though we all know how she looks upon all things fun and sweet and wonderful with much disdain.”
Akio and I laughed rather hard at that, because only Macie could get away with poking fun at Lucy’s austerity, and only Macie could do it in a way that was simultaneously hilarious but not mean-spirited. She was merely expressing the truth about her wife, who, as I am sure you have realized, could suffer quite sadly in the Fun department. She was no stranger to joking, though her sense of humor was dry, but as far as outwardly expressing delight or amusement, she was more likely to run naked through the streets of our village.
“Alright, now, only one, Millie Mae.”
“Oh, Mama, please, can I have two?! Mummy always lets me have two!”
“Mummy” was Lucy, and though Lucy was austere with all others, she was softer with her perpetually three-year-old daughter than the golden-brown marshmallow I was pulling off the stick right then. 
“Yes, well, Mummy is not here yet to try and wrestle you into bed once you are bouncing off the walls, as they say, from the sugar!”
“When is Mummy coming home? She promised me she would be home before sundown.”
“Well, you know Mummy has been taking care of all the sick people, Mill.” Akio told her, “She’s the best there is, so sometimes they need her to work late.”
“Did she say that?” Macie asked me quietly, and luckily, Millie was so busy tearing into her s’mores with obvious delight that there was no way she had heard the slight tremble in her mother’s voice. 
“Macie.” I reached over and grasped her hand, “She is fine. Relax.”
“That bloody Caspar Elohimson…”
“I know.”
“His father was a good man. He must have gotten his illness from his dreaded mother.”
“You’re right.” I said, and I squeezed her hand a little harder, “She’s alright. There were a few more outbreaks of the Blood Plague, but she’s fine. Caspar is probably busy chasing after underage girls.”
When she had said his name, it had not stirred anything inside of me. But when I had said his name, my meeting with Paul came back to me in a sweeping motion. My palms began to sweat, and as discreetly as I could, so that she did not sense in my heart the sudden topsy-turvy, I pulled my hand off of hers and began to busy myself making another s’more to cover the moment of internal turmoil.
“Mama, I’m done!”
“Dang, girl!” Akio told her, “You tore that up!”
“It was so good.” She said, beaming to show the chocolate in her teeth and all around her mouth, “Mama, can I please have just one more?!”
“No, Millie.” Macie replied, a little more curtly. She was slipping, I could see it coming. If Millie kept pushing her, she would lose her grip. She would either begin to cry, or she would yell. She had never laid a hand on her daughter; Lucy had told her that if she did, she would take Millie and leave. But still, her outbursts scared Millie, though once they passed, Millie forgot them. Because she was so young, and so sweet, and so profoundly innocent, and because she loved her mother so much, she never saw Macie as anything but perfect, even when Macie lashed out. Somehow, I think she knew her mother was sick, though none of us had ever told her.
“Millie, Mama says no.” I said, “We can have s’mores another night.”
“But Mommy…” Millie started to say.
“But nothing.” I said firmly, though God, it was hard to speak firmly to her. She opened her mouth to begin her tantrum, but I gave her a look of half jocular warning. 
“Come on, little sugar fiend.” Akio said, and with ease, he picked her up and threw her over his shoulder, which, as usual, elicited hysterical giggles from her. “Let’s go clean you up, and then we’ll go try to climb to the top of the tree in the front yard.”
“But we never even come close!”
“Well, this time, we’re going to make it all the way to the tippy top, you mark my words!”
“Macie.” I said gently, when she pulled her knees to her chest and dipped her head between them. Her breaths were coming in slowly, and rasping in the back of her throat. “Come on, Mace. You have to breathe.” 
“I cannot.” She told me, and when I pulled her to me, she raised her head from between her knees and rested it against my chest. “I should not have snapped at her. I should not have…”
“It’s not your fault.”
“It is not hers, either!”
“No.” I replied, “It’s no one’s fault. It’s okay, Mace. She doesn’t even realize you snapped at her.”
“I am just a ticking bomb. The slightest wrong word… The littlest thing…”
“It’s okay. We all love you, do you hear me? It doesn’t matter.”
“You all should not have to tread carefully just to speak to me. It is not fair to you.”
“We love you so much, Macie.” I told her again, because truly, there was nothing more important to say to her. Nothing else expressed how little her condition mattered to us, how insignificantly it impacted the way we felt about her. We just loved her. That was all we could do. Just love her to pieces, and support her while she was powering through one of her hard days.
“I love all of you. You all are my entire world. You are my heart. My greatest loves. And Lucy… She is the love of my life. I cannot imagine my life without her.”
“You don’t have to imagine that. You’ll never know life without her. Not if I can help it.”
I remembered my promise to Paul. He was smart to come to me, because he knew of my deep, eternal hatred for Caspar Elohimson. But more importantly than my hatred, he knew of my instinct to protect those I loved from him. More powerful than my will to exact revenge was my inherent, instinctual need to protect Lucy, Macie, Millie, and Akio. 
“Illa is gone. Our sweet Illa is gone. Millen is gone. If I lose my girls, or Lucy…”
“You won’t.” 
“He sends her home to me with bruises around her wrists and obvious signs that his hands have been on her, where they should not be. How dare he think he is worthy to put his hands on her? How dare he force himself on my Lucy?” Her sadness and shame were dissolving into fury, and that was dangerous. The last time they had done that (a few weeks earlier) she had fought me physically when I tried to stop her from leaving our house and storming Caspar’s. She had punched and kicked and bitten me, because to her, I was not me, I was simply an obstacle. I was standing in the way of the lioness who was going to protect her pride. 
“Macie, stay with me.” I told her, because the last time, she had fought me for over an hour, until Lucy had come through the door and wrenched her off of me. 
“You will send for me the next time she slips into that.” Lucy had snapped at me angrily, “Do you understand me?!”
I had been shocked by her anger, thinking somehow that it had been my fault, or at least, Lucy had thought that it was my fault. But after she had calmed down, she had come to me. 
“She is much older than you, and though she looks frail, she is very strong.” She said after she had wrapped her arms around me, which was something she never did. “Look at the damage she has done to you.”
“Will she remember doing it?” I had asked.
“Probably not. But she will know that she has hurt you, because I will tell her, and then maybe she will not lose control in this way.”
After protesting purposely making Macie feel guilty, Lucy had relented. She had cleaned up the wounds and sent me off to bed with a pain-killing tonic and an appreciatory kiss on the forehead, which was quite rare for her also, believe me.
“Macie.” I said to her, “Lucy will be home any minute. You have to calm yourself d—”
“Would someone like to explain to me what Mr. Ogawa is doing in our front yard?” Her curt voice demanded from the back porch. When Macie and I whipped around, and Lucy saw that Macie’s eyes were full of tears, she began to walk briskly towards us. Her face showed no sign of consternation, but her quickened stride showed her worry.
“Oh, my love.” She whispered, and she dropped to her knees in front of Macie, who only cried harder. “I should have sent word that I would be late.” She kissed Macie gently, “I should have sent word. I am so sorry. My love, my Macie. I am so sorry.” 
“I’m going to give you two some time…” I started to say.
“Yes, well, clear your event planner for the rest of the evening, because I am going to wring your neck for deliberately disobeying my very clear order to keep Akio away from this house, Violet Mae Olivier!” 
“Looking forward to it, Lucy.” I replied sarcastically. 
“Don’t make it worse for yourself!” She snapped at me, but I was walking away, and Macie was crying against her chest. As I walked up onto the porch, I heard Lucy still apologizing, and when I looked back, she was kissing her again. 
***
“Millie, go see Mummy. She’s home.” I called up into the tree. 
“Did she see me?” Akio asked as they both jumped down from one of the higher branches and landed on their feet gracefully.
“Oh, she saw you, alright.”
Millie was running into the house, calling after Lucy.
“You’re in trouble, aren’t you?” Akio asked as I wrapped my arms around his neck.
“I am, but it is what it is. I’ll tell her Macie said it was fine, and she’ll let it go.”
“How is Macie?”
“She was slipping, but she’s fine now that Lucy is home. She just worries about her, you know?”
“I know. Fuck, if the fat-cats were throwing you in jail because they thought you had purposely killed a Noble…”
“She didn’t purposely kill him. He died on the table. There was nothing she could have done. The BP had just spread too quickly.”
“I know.” He replied, and I stood on my tiptoes so I could kiss him. “Shall I sneak in through your window tonight?”
“Yes, you shall.”
“Are you sure? Because if she busts us, she is probably going to kill me, and she knows a lot of herbs and potions that would make it really painful for me…”
“Oh, she worked for seventeen hours. She’ll eat something, take a shower, and go right to bed. And that means that you and I can go right to bed.”
“Ooh, I like it. Parallelism in your sentences. Mmm! Turning me on with that shit.”
“Well, good.” I replied, and he dipped his head down to kiss me again. “Have I been too insatiable lately?” 
“What do you mean? Have you been eating too much?” He asked, and he seriously thought that I had been talking about my appetite for food.
“No, dumbass!” I exclaimed, whacking him in the chest, “I guess I should ask if I’ve been too thirsty.”
“Ha!” He exclaimed before laughing obnoxiously. “A. I love your use of the slang version of the word ‘thirsty.’ B. Hell. No. Come on, babe, I’m a guy who is perpetually stuck at twenty. Do you honestly think that I am satiable? The fact that you are equally incapable of being satiated is a major plus in our relationship.”
“I’m not being whorish?”
“Oh, I’m sorry, was that the Old Spirit programming talking? Go away, Old Spirit programming. The power of Christ compels you!”
“They don’t even believe in Christ, but yes, that was Old Spirit programming talking. Ew. What was I thinking?” 
“Violet!” Lucy’s voice called from the front porch.
“Coming!”
“Oh, you will be… later.” Akio replied, and I whacked him even harder in the chest before punching him repeatedly in the arm.
“You are so gross!” I told him, “I’m com…” I started to shout back to Lucy, “I’m returning to the house right this second, Lucy!”
Akio left, his hysterical laughter echoing back to me as he made his trudge down the hill towards the rest of the city-village.
***
“Can we just preface this whole conversation with me saying that Macie gave me permission to have him over…”
“As she told me.” Lucy replied coldly.
“…and also that I am like, almost forty years old and should therefore be allowed to do what I want regardless of the consequences without you hovering over me!?”
“Oh, are you almost forty years old, Violet?” She crossed her arms over her chest, “You look rather good for being almost forty.”
“Yeah, and you look pretty good for pushing three hundred. What’s your point?”
“My point is that you are exactly who you were twenty-five years ago. You are still seventeen years old, inside and out. That is the truth of our kind: we are stuck, internally and externally. We can get colder, or we can get more foolish, depending on the level of darkness we experience, but we are fixed. So, yes, I look at you the way one looks at a petulant seventeen-year-old, because that is what you are.”
“Well, don’t hold back.” 
“No, I will not hold back!” She snapped, a little louder, “Do you want to get that poor boy killed?! He is stupid, and lovesick, and though you may be stupid and lovesick as well, I expect you to have just a smidgeon more common sense than what you are currently exhibiting.”
“Oh, but we’re fixed, aren’t we, Lucy? If I never had common sense, why would I have it now?”
“Do not even start that with me. Do not start your incessant back-talking, Violet. Your little act of superiority. I have walked this realm for hundreds of years longer than you have. Do not play a game of wits with me! When that boy is caught sneaking up here, and he is hanged in the village square for sullying his pureness with the idem whores’ charge, I will not dispel your grief or guilt. Because I warned you, time and time again, that you continuing to pursue this romance will be the death of him. And by the one God, you will be lucky if they do not hang you, too!”
“And what? You’d do nothing? You would just let them hang me, so you could say ‘I told you so?!’ You so would! I know that you would! Because saying ‘I told you so’ is your most favorite thing in the world to do! Proving your superiority is what you live for!”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Don’t be so stupid and immature. It is so unflattering for you!”
“Yeah, well, whatever! Macie said that…”
“Macie indulges your whims because she dotes upon and spoils her children, and to her, you are another child. So she allows you to get away with murder. She allows you to behave with the same willfulness as our three-year-old! Well, I demand better, Violet Mae. I demand you to see reason, and to see that you are playing a game in which the prize and the loss is a young boy’s life, and possibly your own life.”
“And to you, I’m what?” I asked, because I had ignored everything she had said after “To Macie, you are another child.” My throat had tightened when she had said it, and tears rushed into my eyes at the implications of it. 
“What are you on about?” She asked me impatiently, but in her eyes I saw a flash of something unfamiliar to me. Perhaps it was concern, or perhaps it was outright pity. I couldn’t be sure, because it was gone as quickly as it had appeared. Perhaps she realized her mistake in specifying “to Macie” instead of saying generally “to Macie and me.” 
“Say it.” I told her, and I reached up to wipe at my eyes, “Say what you want to say, Lucy.”
“I have said all that I want to say.” 
“You want to say that to Macie, I’m another child, but to you, I’m just some girl that you’ve taken in, for whatever reason. Like I’m a stray dog.” I told her, “That’s what you were thinking.”
“You are not your sister. Do not pretend that you can read thoughts.”
“I can’t read thoughts, but I don’t need to be able to! You basically said it!”
“Do not put words in my mouth! Do not twist this around onto me in an effort to elicit sympathy! You use your tears to manipulate me, always. You use your vulnerability and our shared tragedies to avoid taking responsibility, and I will not have it tonight, Violet. I will not, do you hear me?! Not when you purposefully disobeyed me, and not when you continue to endanger that boy’s life!”
“His name is Akio, and I love him!” I yelled at her, and was it a tad dramatic? Certainly; I had come to realize over the years that I was as dramatic as everyone said I was. But was what I had said true? Absolutely. 
“Oh, you love him?” She asked me disdainfully, and with a very brief derisive laugh, she began to undo her hair from its bun. Her long maroon hair was always twisted around into a large bun and attached at the back of her head. Seeing it unraveling made my heart stumble and trip so painfully that I grasped my chest, as the images from that night in Shadow Village besieged me. My hands on the back of her head, pushing it into the dirt, her hair unraveling from its bun, my fist wrapping into it, pulling her head back, slamming it back into the dirt, and all the while I was laughing, laughing so hard that tears were pouring from my eyes, watching as the tree-beasts came, perhaps because they had sensed our dark intentions, because they knew we wanted to watch them rip her apart…
“Violet!” She had screamed, her breaths coming in and out hard and fast. Her hands had been pushing into the dirt, trying to move her backwards, away from the ash circle, but the drugs had made me so strong, or perhaps they had merely amplified my rage to such a point that I was Herculian-strong. I had not known, but I had suspected that it was simply some inherent evil I had not known existed inside of me that drove me to hurt her despite her screams of protest, despite how she had begged for her life. And she had begged…
“Please, Violet!” She had cried, more hysterical than I had ever seen her, more hysterical than I would ever see her again. “Please, my wife… my daughters… Please! Please stop! Caspar! Violet! Please!” 
I had only laughed harder, and when Caspar had gently pulled me off of her, she had collapsed into the dirt, only to be flipped over roughly by Caspar’s foot. He knelt down beside her and grasped her face.
“One day very soon, you are going to bow to me. You are going to drop to your knees at my command.” He had said, “You will be mine. This fate I have decided for you, and you alone, Luciana Miletus.”
I had stopped laughing, because I had been growing sleepier as the drug began to wear off. But I had heard her ask, in a trembling, barely audible voice, “Why?”
He had smiled, looked down at her, and said, “Because you do not know your place.” 
I remembered that moment after I had woken up, and it should have warned me of Caspar’s imminent betrayal. Still, I defended him, saying that he had been high, too. 
I was as foolish and dramatic and young and immature as Lucy said I was.
“Violet.” Her voice was saying, and when I resurfaced, my hands were over my ears, and I was on the floor, my legs pulled into my chest, my whole body trembling.
“What does she need? Tell me what she needs.” I heard Macie asking frantically.
“Just water.” Lucy replied, “It was only a flashback.” She sat me up very gently, pulled me onto my feet, and then delicately sat me onto the couch. She knelt in front of me, her fingers pressed to the pulsing vein in my wrist, and when I started to cry, she did not look up at me. She knew, as she always knew, where I had gone. Somehow, she always knew. 
“That’s what I am.” I told her, my voice a weak whisper.
“What, darling?” She asked, and when I did not immediately reply, her gaze, still so unnerving even after twenty-four years of knowing her, rose to meet mine.
“You know that despite all that has happened, Caspar still feels something for me. As long as I’m with you, it increases the chance of him letting you live. That’s why you have wanted me here for all these years.”
“That is not true.” She said.
“Then what? Why else would you allow me to stay after what I did to you?! Why else would you want me here?! Because I’m always going to be the girl who let Caspar Elohimson talk her into terrorizing you! That’s who I am to you, aren’t I?!” 
“Violet.” She said firmly, and I cried harder, not wanting to hear her say what I had suspected for so many years. Her hand grasped mine. “You want me to say something to you that I never told even my own daughter. I am sorry, but I cannot. I am not one who can speak softly. If I could not say such things to Illa, and if I cannot say such things to Millie…”
“Why would you say them to me?” I filled in for her bitterly, “Why would you say them to me, when I’m not yours? When I’m nothing to you?”
Though I was trying to stop crying, I could not. My body was shaking with sobs as I pulled my hand out from under hers and stormed off into my room.
When Macie angrily demanded to know what Lucy had said to me, they began to have a fight. Or rather, Macie rose her voice and spoke furiously, and Lucy continued to speak softly, calculatedly, coldly. When Macie’s voice rose to a new high, I heard my door creak open.
“Vi?” Millie’s voice asked.
“Hey, sweetie. Come on.” I held up the covers of my bed, and she ran forward, her bare feet pattering against the cold hardwood floor, before she leapt up into bed with me. 
“Why are Mama and Mummy so mad? Is it because Akio was here?”
“Yeah, baby.” She replied, “It was nothing you did, though.”
“By the one God, you are absolutely unbelievable!” I heard Macie shout, “You would allow her to believe that you are still angry over something that happened twenty-four bloody years ago?! You would allow that guilt to continue to torment her! You can be such a cold-hearted bitch, Luciana Miletus!” 
“Macie…” 
“No! I will not speak to you until you apologize to her! After she collapsed because she saw that terrible night again, you pull your cold act on her. Oh, dear me, I am sorry. It is not so much an act, is it?!”
“Vi?” Millie asked.
“What, sweetie?”
“Mummy loves you. She told me.”
I replied that I knew, but inside, all I could think was that she hadn’t told me, and why should she? I was not her daughter, and apparently, she had never told Illa, who was her blood child. And why did I want that from her, anyway? What difference did it make? I had had a mother, and though we had not had a fantastic relationship, she had been kind to me. She had let me know that I was loved. Maybe I wanted Lucy to fill the place that my mother should have filled. But was that fair to her?
No, of course not. The whole situation was unfair and unreasonable. What difference did any of it make? 
But the next morning, she came into my room just as the sun was coming up. Millie was sleeping all the way at the end of the bed, so she was able to sit beside me and gently rest her hand on my shoulder. I was totally asleep, but I could feel her there. Warmth began where her hand was rested and spread through me. 
She did not say anything. She just sat beside me, her hand on my arm, her thumb moving back and forth. She was dressed for work, and the sunlight was a little brighter, so she stood, looked towards the door and then looked back to me. I could sense a will to say something in her heart, but I could also sense a steely resolve to say nothing. The resolve won out, and though she leaned down and planted a quick kiss on my head, she left without saying a word.
She could not “speak softly” even when I was not awake to hear her.
***
It was rare that Lucy and I were allowed to work together, but that day, the Old Spirit Nobles had no choice: at least ten people came in, exhibiting final-stage symptoms of the hemorrhagic fever. 
“There is no way to save their lives.” Lucy told me as we dressed from head to toe in sterile clothes, and secured lightweight helmets that had face-covers over our heads. “We are merely containing at this point.”
“Well, shouldn’t we at least try Elixir, or…”
“It would be a waste of Elixir, which, as you know, is hard to find.”
So, we were up to our eyes in splattering blood. Much like Ebola, the “Red Fever,” which had killed hundreds upon hundreds of people on Earth, and other Earthean hemorrhagic fevers, Rossoeruttar, or the Blood Plague, inevitably ended up in a stage where the infected person bled out of every orifice in his or her body. It was more like Red Fever than Ebola, though, because when the person bled, he or she did so in an eruption; the blood could shoot out of the mouth and nose with enough force to send it splattering onto the walls and ceiling. After the tenth man of the day, yet another low-ranking Noble, convulsed for his final ten minutes of life—after he had spewed blood all over us and everything else in the room—and finally stopped moving, I sighed heavily and shook my head.
“They’re going to be pissed that so many of their people are dead. They are going to blame us.”
“Blame me,” She corrected, “And it would not be the first time.”
“I still don’t understand how it is humanly possible that this could spread here!” I told her, because the question of how the outbreak had occurred had been boggling me so severely that I had literally been losing sleep over it. “It’s not supposed to spread in cold temperatures! And how did a retrovirus known for existing only in humid areas even make it this far? It’s not like we have planes.”
“There are planes, but you are right. To my knowledge, no one in our village traveled here by plane.”
“And has anyone who has traveled here come from someplace like Estersea or from around Del Mar? From anywhere along the Southern Coast? No, probably not. The chances of that are slim, because most of the people who come through here come from the North. I mean, Savannah goes to Estersea to see the kids, but she hasn’t shown any signs of this. And besides her, I don’t think anyone else goes there!”
“Violet, we would have to trace the travel plans of every Nobleman and his family who has come into the city within the last six months. Which I asked Paul if I could do, and he said no, it was a waste of time.” 
We were in the hose room, and even over the roar of the water, I continued to talk, and she continued to listen.
“Well, Paul is an idiot! This thing kills people too quickly. It takes a day and a half to reach the final stage. And the first victim was Caius Montellier, who hasn’t been out on a mission since he got married. And then his wife got it, which makes sense, because, you know, close proximity, breathing an infected person’s air, what have you… But they didn’t come into contact with anyone but you, and you’re not sick. You went to their house to treat them, right?”
“Of course. I did not want to virus to spread.”
“But how did it get to Montellier? Do you think someone is growing Blood Fern?” 
“How could they?” She asked as we went into the changing room. “Humid temperatures, remember? And it’s bloody cold up here.”
“I know, but the whole thing doesn’t make sense, so maybe someone has a temperature-controlled greenhouse somewhere.”
She chuckled to herself, and I was shocked. She had been in such a stoic mood since the night before, and she was obviously quite exhausted, having come into work at least four hours before I had and only just then sitting down since the day began. 
“Why are you laughing?”
She did not look at me, but merely continued to laugh softly as she began to change her clothes.
“It is this tenacious need to find answers that had me so impressed with you all those years ago when you first began attending lectures. I am merely entertained when this determined side of your naturally inquisitive mind comes out to play.”
I looked at her with narrowed eyes as I buttoned up my shirt.
“Can’t tell if it’s a compliment, or…”
“Oh, Violet, of course it’s a compliment,” She replied, “But unfortunately, this query for which you seek some miraculous solution has but a plain one: viruses grow and change and evolve, just like we do. They will always find a new host and reproduce. Sometimes, they will get stronger and more violent. And sometimes, they will quicken their haste between hosts.”
“But a new host in a climate that generally kills the virus…” I said, “It shows it’s not airborne, Lucy.”
“The hemorrhagic variety rarely are.” 
“Yeah, well, still. For it to spread as it has…”
“Yes, it puzzles me as well that a virus could hit so many different families spread all throughout the city. I have asked myself how much contact they honestly could have had with one another, but what do I know? What do any of us know? Perhaps there are wild orgies amongst noble families, and therefore, one family’s virus is everyone’s virus.”
“Lucy!” I exclaimed in absolute shock, “I have never heard such scandalous and lewd talk from you!”
“Well, it is a plausible theory, don’t you think?” She asked, “How else could the virus have struck so many families?”
“So many Noble families.” I said, and we had just begun to leave the changing room, but I grabbed her arm to stop her. “Lucy!”
“What?” She asked me, somewhat impatiently, and somewhat incredulously.
“It’s hitting Noble families.”
“And?” She asked, actually confused as to what I was implying, though I felt that it could not have been more obvious.
“Lucy, this hasn’t been one continuous outbreak these past six months. It has been several small outbreaks that we mistakenly looked at as a huge outbreak. And do you know why? Because this isn’t nature. This is someone actually starting these outbreaks and making sure that they stay contained to the target!”
“Oh, Violet, that is ridiculous!” She said with a slight laugh, “Do you have any idea how hard it would be to synthesize something as unpredictable as Rossoeruttar into what? An injectable form? Are you picturing some little vials with a skull and crossbones on them, full to the brim with red liquid, which is this weaponized form of the virus? Oh, you have such a fanciful mind, I swear, you would have been a writer of science fiction on Earth!”
“Umm, excuse you, but this is the most valid theory that anyone has had in this town in a while, and that includes you and your theories! Look, the Higher Nobles are getting pissed off, Lucy, and if we don’t come up with an explanation for this, they’ll…” I stopped, because though she pretended (quite convincingly, I might add) that her random imprisonments were not a source of stress and anxiety for her, I knew she was lying when she said that. There were never any signs of that stress and anxiety on her face or in her heart, but I knew how good she was at hiding them. 
“Yes.” She said coldly, “They will come bang down our front door and drag me into the village square where they will more than likely publicly shame me, and where most of the rotten people in this village will gladly watch them do it.”
“Yeah, if they don’t just kill you! You heard what he said back in the cells of the bunker! When Nobles die, the doctors who treated them are sometimes killed!”
“I heard what he said. But why don’t we take this theory to them, Violet? Then we can say that we single-handedly started a witch hunt, or if they don’t believe us, we can be carted off to the prison together so that they may teach us the consequences of spreading lies.” 
“But if this is how it’s starting, then we have a medical responsibility to stop this! Because, if my theory is right, and it is someone administering some weaponized version of the virus to Nobleman, I applaud the person for the ingenuity. I mean, it’s an assassination, but to the world, it looks natural. I mean, it’s kind of genius, if you think about it.”
“Well, I am sure the person responsible would love to hear your praise, because clearly, they have given this a fair amount of thought.”
“Oh, come on, Lucy, you have to admit that it is pretty impressive, if this theory is true.”
“It is not true.”
“But if it were…”
“Violet.” She snapped at me, “We will not discuss this while we walk through town. If someone overhears it, there will be a panic, and from that panic, there will be a witch-hunt, like I said, and I will not allow that to be on your conscience or mine. Now, let us drop this. The chances of someone synthesizing a virus in that way would be nearly impossible. I am not even sure that I could do it, and I was the head Medice of this world for two hundred years.” 
“But Lucy…” I whined.
“Violet!” She snapped a little more firmly, “Drop this now. It is a dangerous theory to have, and right now, it is only that: a theory. Without verifiable proof, we have nothing, and if this theory is heard by the wrong ears, it will bring havoc. So drop it, and let’s go get our necks wrung for not being able to miraculously cure these old bastards.”
With a very emphatic, very frustrated “GRRRR!” I hurried in the wake of her quickened stride towards the looming building in the distance.
City Hall was a behemoth of white. Every other building in our village was made from gray and black granite, and over the years, the soot from the mines in the next city over had come to settle upon us like a viral plague all its own. And yet this one white building stood at the far end of town, adjacent to the prison, which, ironically (or perhaps not) was the blackest building of all. Say what you wanted about the Old Spirits, but they liked their light/dark symbolism: the jail was for the black of heart, and City Hall was run by the good and benevolent men of our city, with their pure, white hearts.
It was the white City Hall that gave our town its name: Blancstizia. A bastardized mixing of Earthean languages to make a bastardized phrase: White Justice, or so Macie had explained. After Lumiere, Blancstizia was the oldest city. Of course, Lumiere was gone, so now Blancstizia was the oldest standing city, but even while Lumiere had been standing, Blancstizia had been the site of all judiciary proceedings. As it turned out, we were very close to where Lumiere had been, which, Lucy told me gruffly, explained why Blancstizia smelled worse than normal.
The clouds always seemed to look sick, colored a pallid shade of gray by the heavy soot hanging in the air. The sunlight was always tinged with darkness in our city because of that soot. In the next city over, they were hard at work on a road that would travel through the old mines and underneath all the land of Pangaea, and so far, I had overheard them saying in one of the many cafes at which we regular people could never afford to eat, that it had been built through half the land. 
We normal people didn’t care about it, though. It was their genius means to advance the war, to sneak up on the Rebel Reds, as they called them disdainfully, or on the Unallied, who, contrary to their name, were becoming a little more Allied in those days, and not with the Old Spirits. 
As usual, there were soot-covered men and a few soot-covered women out in front of City Hall, scrubbing it down and polishing it so that it glimmered even in the darkened sunlight. It was supposed to be a beacon of hope and justice for all in our fair city, but even as we walked by, a boy no older than sixteen was being dragged through the front doors, towards the prison, proclaiming through his tears that he hadn’t done anything, that he was innocent, that it was so-and-so’s fault.
“Probably stole a loaf of bread.” Lucy told me quietly as we climbed the stairs, “His father was shipped out and died in the first day of the last battle, and his mother died of typhoid two weeks later.”
“Brothers and sisters?”
“A little sister, as old as Millie, but literally as well as physically. Three guesses where she is going now.”
“Don’t.” I said, because just then, a group of kids from the Joined Hands Academy passed us, their eyes straight ahead, their smiles looking painted on. All were dressed in the same outfits, and they were all standing in those perfectly regimented straight lines. Out of reflex, my hand reached out and grasped Lucy’s, because for some reason, the sight of them always triggered a minor but very unpleasant anxiety attack in me. As I watched them disappear around the corner, I could only ask myself, “What was done to them to make them like that?” and I could only very sadly think, “They were made, because they were normal before.” 
Seeing them then reminded me of the last time I had seen them, and how Paul had appeared behind me and struck his deal with me. In response to that thought, I broke my grip on Lucy’s hand and looked at her to make sure that she did not suspect anything in regards to that topic. She was still staring ahead, where the children had disappeared, looking thoroughly disgusted. 
“Sad.” She said, and I breathed a very discreet sigh of relief, because she had not seen the change come over my heart when I had thought about what Paul had asked me to do. 
She had also not seen me tell myself that it would be for her, so he could not hurt her anymore. There would be no appreciation of that fact from Lucy. There would only be anger in her heart that I would endanger myself in that way for her sake. She would order me not to do it. She would confront Paul, and end up back in prison, right back in Caspar’s wanting hands. 
“It is sad.” I agreed with her as we climbed the stairs, “But it’s more sick than anything.” 
“Oh, look. It’s the idem whore and her bastard mongrel.” A man said snidely to his wife as they left the courthouse. From her expression, and from the fact that she was a good twenty years younger than he was, I could gather that it was yet another arranged marriage carried out against the bride’s will. Her eyes were downcast to the floor, her hands were clasped in front of her, and she was trembling ever so slightly. I don’t know why I was surprised. I had seen the same terrible things for twenty-five years, and not always with the woman keeping her eyes on the floor. I had seen sons of Noblemen separated from the common girls they truly loved, sometimes to wed widows of other Noblemen. I had seen common sons from common families separated from their wives they loved and sent to war, only to return either dead or maimed. 
Say what you will about the Old Spirits, but at least their violence and their cruelty defied sex.
“Oh, look…” I started to say back to the man, but Lucy grasped my hand and said, “No,” very firmly.
“That’s it, idem. Put a muzzle on your little mutt. Then come over here, and sit down in my lap. I have something you need.” 
“Let’s go.” Lucy told me, and she grasped my hand and led me away like I was a child which, in the face of the overgrown children in our village, and all their taunts and insults and sometimes physical violence, I was. 
“Violet!” A voice whispered behind me, and I turned around to see a familiar face that I had not seen in quite a while. 
“Savannah!” I exclaimed happily, and I rushed into her open arms and squeezed her, “You’re back!”
“Yes. Finally!” She replied, beaming brightly at me.
“How are they?”
“They are good, honey. They are so good. It is a little tamer over there in Estersea. Ellie is actually allowed to study for Medical, and Oli just plays football and surfs all day with the other guys.” Lucy had come over to us, and she and Savannah exchanged a quick kiss on both cheeks. “Hey, Luce.”
Literally the only person who could get away with calling her “Luce.”
“Hello, sweetheart.” She replied, and Savannah looked around quickly to ensure that no one was around to witness it before she planted a quick kiss on Lucy’s lips.
“Savannah!” We both exclaimed, and she beamed her perfect smile again and laughed at our paranoia. To her, the thrill of betraying her husband, and with a woman, no less, right there in the most frequented building in all of Blancstizia was worth the risk. I was well aware of hers and Lucy’s fling, and I approved because Macie was aware of and a participant in their relationship. 
“Oh, you are still no fun.” Savannah told Lucy, “You know how much I hate change, so I’m glad.” Savannah looked at me and whispered, “Has she been insufferable?”
“Oh, God…” I rolled my eyes skyward, “The worst.”
“Oh, you two are just utterly hilarious.” Lucy replied with a genuinely irritated eye-roll. “Now, we have work to do, and your husband is lurking in this building, and if there is one thing that we can say about Paul, he is shrewd enough to decipher all secrets being kept, so you know that if he saw us together, he would know what we have done.” 
“Oh, alright.” Savannah replied, “But just so you know, he is not that skilled at deciphering things. For instance, he has not deciphered yet that I find him repulsive.” She said it with such a gigantic grin and with so much sardonic joy in her voice that I laughed hysterically, and even Lucy’s mouth was twitching as she tried not to smile. 
“Well, pray he does not find out.” Lucy replied, “Now, we must get back to our work. You should get back to yours, as well.”
“Alright, Captain.” Savannah saluted her, “I do need to get back to work. Those returning Nobleman will not counsel themselves after the ‘horrors’ they have seen from their tents while the nobodies fought and died around them.”
“Come by when you get a chance.” Lucy told her, and Savannah nodded.
“Of course I will.”
“And be aware that there is a rather violent fever spreading through this city like wildfire.”
“I will be aware.” 
“Okay, then. Take care, Dr. Valz.”
“You do the same, Dr. Miletus.”
I turned away, giggling softly, and Lucy and I continued our trek.
“You love her!” I told her teasingly.
“Shh!” She shushed me, “I know how you love to tease me, but now is not the time.” 
We had reached Paul’s office door, and she banged her knuckles against it hard. 
“Come in, Dr. Miletus.”
The door creaked open, and the heaviness descended. Being in Paul’s presence had always been terrifying, but now, there was a new level of fear present because of the deal we had made.
“Oh, and Dr. Olivier is here, as well. What a pleasant surprise.” He said with what I perceived to be a knowing smile. If Lucy found out, she would kill him. I might not have been her daughter. I might not have been anything to her. But she would not take kindly to Paul ordering me to kill Caspar, because she would know that I would find the courage to do that by convincing myself that it was for her benefit, and her pride would be offended by my belief that she needed me to protect her from Caspar, when she was not afraid of him, and she would be equally offended by my stupidity in wanting to carry out the suicide mission.
“What brings you two stunning creatures into my office today?” 
“Oh, we merely wanted to hear you compliment our beauty and refer to us as sub-human, Paul.”  I replied before I could stop myself. In my peripheral vision, I watched Lucy’s head turn, and I could see that her eyes were bulging in shock and fury that I would allow myself to talk back to him in that way. 
“I do apologize, Paul.” She told him, “I do not know what has gotten into Dr. Olivier today. She has been utterly insufferable since we arrived at work this morning. Perhaps it is the stress of the situation.”
“Oh, no, she gets her feisty nature honestly. We all do so fondly remember her older sister, who was the queen of feisty. Wasn’t she, Violet?”
It was emotional sabotage carried out with a pleasant smile on his face. To reprimand me for offering a sarcastic retort to him, which was a sign of disrespect, and a sign that I did not know my place as a woman, and a sign that I thought our relationship more cushy now that he had made his deal with me, he had referenced Brynna, because he knew, even after twenty-five years, I still ached for her every day. Lucy’s heart told me that she was still sufficiently outraged that I would be stupid enough to speak back to him in such a manner, but there was also new pity that had bloomed at his mention of Brynna, because she, too, knew how I ached for her, even then. From that pity for me bloomed a renewed hatred of him, and when she looked back at him, her eyes were red briefly, though thankfully, before he looked at her, they had changed back. 
“So, what is it, ladies? While I do appreciate a visit from two sub-humans as beautiful as you,” He actually winked at me, “…I am a very busy man. What with running this city, ensuring that all citizens are living up to the standards of the One God in their duties, doling out punishments to the many rule-breakers, with regret, of course, and toiling endlessly over whether or not this new, mysterious outbreak of hemorrhagic fever is capable of being stopped by even your capable hands, Luciana, and preparing for Tyre’s visit next week, my time is stretched very thin. You understand.”
“Of course, Paul.” She replied.
“How are my poor brothers?” He asked, “You have stabilized them, I trust.”
Awkward… But as usual, Lucy kept her composure and answered the question without deflecting or trying to craft an excuse.
“They are gone.”
“All of them?” He asked, and his eyes widened and his jaw dropped almost comically.
“It moves quickly. They were brought to me too late.” 
“Well, Tyre is going to be very upset. That is thirty of his most dedicated Nobles in the past six months. Surely, if this continues, he will wish to speak to you personally, and he will be most unhappy, Dr. Miletus.”
“I am aware, but there is nothing…”
“You were the head Medice before the Fall. You were King Adam’s personal physician. You are the best, to this day. Our greatest doctors do not come close to your expertise or your skill. If you will not serve your purpose, if you will not perform your duty…”
“This is not a matter of ‘will’ or ‘will not,’ Governor Valz. This is a matter of ‘can’ and ‘cannot.’ This illness is violent. The fact that it is even capable of spreading here, in these cold temperatures, with no humidity to carry it…”
“I do not want to hear excuses. I want to see results. People are beginning to panic, and do you honestly need another reason for people to want to cause you harm? Dr. Miletus, I would like to help you, but if you will not help yourself…”
“There is nothing that I can do!” She protested, a little more emphatically. “It is spreading like wildfire through these families, and I do not know how much contact they are having with one another, but once it gets into one, it will spread to all other members of the household within a few hours, and it is only capable of being cured if early blood tests show the virus and it can be eradicated with antibiotics before symptoms begin to show, and why would these men and women seek medical attention, or ask to have their blood tested, if they did not know they had come into contact with the virus?”
“So, shall I order mandatory blood testing?” He asked, “Or is that too much of a burden for you, as well?”
“Do whatever you feel is necessary.”
“Do we have an antidote?”
“If you allow me to travel into Shadow Forest to gather the materials I will need, then yes.”
“Well, no. A woman such as yourself should not be traipsing around Shadow Forest.”
“Then what do you want me to do, Governor Valz?” She snapped, losing a tiny fraction of her composure finally, “I have given you the options for stopping this pandemic before it can kill more people, and you will not allow me to take any actions to…”
The door opened behind us, and Lucy’s whole body tensed. She knew who it was before she had even turned around, before he had even spoken a word.
“You rang for me, Governor?” Caspar’s snide voice said, and I whipped around to face him, to see him standing there, looking even taller in the small doorframe, and even more sinister in the dim light from the torches that lined the walls in the corridor behind him. 
“No!” I shouted at Paul, “She hasn’t done anything!” 
“Violet, that is enough.” Lucy told me.
“It isn’t her fault!” I continued, despite her protest, and despite feeling her harsh gaze piercing into me. “You’re just looking for any excuse to lock her up! And what good is she in there if more people get sick?!”
“Oh, Violet, you are more than capable of doing this old wench’s job.” Caspar replied, as he walked up, slowly, calculatedly, behind Lucy. He stood behind her, watching her tension grow, though she was trying so hard to hide it. When his hands ran up her arms and rested on her shoulders, her tension showed in her body, but not on her face. “Hello, my love.” 
“Don’t touch her!” I barked at him, and he did not acknowledge me, but Lucy did.
“Do not try to hurt him, Violet.” She replied, her voice even, only trembling ever so slightly.
“Aren’t you going to say ‘hello’ to me?” He asked in her ear, as his hand came up to rest on her neck just beneath her chin. He pulled her head back so it was rested against his chest, and when his other hand began to run down her front, when it disappeared beneath the fabric of her dress and squeezed her left breast hard, she said, “Hello, Caspar,” in a voice that was barely a whisper.
“Please not here.” She said.
“Yes, not here.” Paul spat at him, and his distaste was plain, “Not in front of poor Violet. Not in front of me. She has not warranted a public shaming in this way. Her incompetence, willful or not, has not earned her this! Take her to the prison, and do what the One God warrants as punishment for her and her ilk, but you will not humiliate her in this way, Caspar Elohimson. Take her away.”
“NO!” I shouted, and I lunged forward and latched onto Lucy before Caspar could pull her onto her feet.
“Let go, Violet.” She told me, still so evenly, “There is nothing you can do. His mind is made.”
“Paul, don’t do this! It isn’t her fault!” 
“Let go of me, Violet. Do not resist. They will hurt you, as well.”
“Yes, why should you resist, Violet?” Caspar asked snidely, “Your precious Dr. Lucy certainly does not.” 
“Paul, please!” I begged, and tears were falling from my eyes now. I turned around, half-sitting in Lucy’s lap, with my arms spread across her, shielding her from Paul but unable to shield her from Caspar. “It’s my fault! I was no help to her today. I have been no help to her. I have been distracted. I have been…”
“Don’t you dare!” Lucy barked at me, so forcefully that I jumped, “You will not, do you understand me?!” 
She never shouted. It only made me cry harder that she would shout for the first time in God knew how long at me, when I was trying to protect her, when I just wanted her to be alright. 
Caspar’s hand wrapped around her head, pressed hard to her mouth, and pulled backwards so it was held to his chest, but then, he twisted her head around so she was looking at him.
“You will not, Luciana Miletus!” He hissed at her, his entire body trembling with rage, his eyes glowing red with it, “You will not speak to her in this way!” 
“NO!” I shouted again, and I pushed Caspar hard with both hands and held onto Lucy again. “Don’t touch her!”
“Violet.” Lucy said, her voice softer. She was changing tactics now. “I will be alright, my darling. I have suffered at his hands many, many times, and I have survived. Now, go home to Macie and Millie. You take such good care of them while I am gone.”
“You didn’t do anything.” I sobbed, “It’s not your fault!”
“Perhaps it is, or perhaps it isn’t.” Paul replied, “But think of it this way, Violet: My people are growing restless, and they are looking for someone to blame. They already hate her because of her illness. They will gladly use this as an excuse to drag her from your home and stone her in the village square. Me enacting this punishment now prevents that for just a little longer. If there is one thing that our people value, it is seeing justice served. My justice is far more tame than theirs.”
“It is true.” Lucy told me softly. “Now, let me up.”
An alien creature was in control of my body. It forced me to stand up, to stand still while Caspar turned Lucy around and marched her from the room. But it did not stop my ears from listening as he said, “Oh, Dr. Lucy… Tears? How unlike you! And for me? I am honored,” and her replying, “Not for you. Never for you. And not for me, either. For her.” 
“It’s not her fault!” I shouted at Paul as he sat, watching them go with an infuriating look of serenity on his face. 
“Oh, I know it is not, Violet. What I said about the fair populace of our city wanting to lynch her is true, but that is only a tiny fraction of my motivation behind placing her in the capable disciplinary hands of the Prince.” 
I was silent, still watching the hallway, and my tears of pleading had changed to tears of rage. In the corner of my eye, I watched a crystal letter opener glisten in the dim light from the torches in the office, and I assessed the devastating power of the paperweight holding down files on his desk if it were wielded by my hands. I wanted to kill him. I wanted to kill Caspar. I wanted Lucy back.
“Aren’t you going to ask me what the larger fraction of my motivation is?”
“No.” I replied coldly. “I will not.”
“Well, then, I will just tell you. Or rather, I will ask a question: Has watching him run his hands all over your dear Lucy motivated you? Has watching her body tense under his hands, and her eyes glaze over as she searched for some strength inside of her to remain impassive, has any of it motivated you to do what we agreed upon?”
I turned around to look at him as he rose onto his feet. For some reason, even though he was barely as tall as me, he seemed to be towering over me in that moment.
“I asked you to kill him, and you have not. We made a deal, Violet Olivier, and if there is one thing I loathe as a Dionysian, it is when my charges do not keep up their end of the bargain. So, I will ask again, has this motivated you?”
I did not reply, and he smiled, somehow able to look pleasant and serene even while his heart was bubbling with acidic impatience, frustration, and rage.
“Alright. I will be sure to tell Caspar to make this utterly brutal for her, and then to return her to you in pieces.” 
“No!” I shouted, “It has motivated me!”
“Oh, well that is a relief!” He said with an exaggerated sigh and a hearty laugh, “I am a tad squeamish, and also, I do hold Dr. Miletus fondly in my heart. She is very strong, and she is a very capable physician. Not to mention, she’s quite easy on the eyes. It would be such a waste to have her killed and such a shame to ruin her pretty face. Alright. I will see that Caspar releases her soon. You are dismissed.”
I stood up, my body trembling so violently with the rage in my heart. That rage so strong that the flames in the room began to burn a little brighter and shoot up a little higher…
“Violet.” He said without looking up from the Detainment Form on which he was now writing Lucy’s name. “Macina and Millie need you at home, and I do not want to fill out two of these forms. Control yourself, if you please.”
“You promised me after I kill Caspar that you will set me free, but Paul…” I leaned forward, and he looked up at me, “You will be lucky if I do not kill you, too.” 
“I will ignore that, my dear.” He replied, just as airily, with just as little concern. “But you are trying my very, very patient nature.” He smiled, “Now, go, but remember: Tick-tock.” 
***
Three days passed. Three days of Macie sobbing and screaming intermittently, Akio and I trying to subdue her when she fought us to go after Paul and Caspar, of Savannah coming in to keep her calm (read: sedated), and of the three of us trying to keep Millie away from the madness. In the meantime, the virus ripped through one of the afternoon church meetings, killing men, women, and children indiscriminately, as viruses and Old Spirits tended to do. 
“It’s like a reckoning.” Savannah told me one night after she had come out of Macie’s room. She had held her for almost two hours before Macie had finally stopped fighting the drugs. “The way the virus kills, the violence of it. It’s them.”
“Are you high?” I asked her as I laid back on my lawn chair and looked up at the stars, “That sounds like stoner logic, Savannah Mack.”
“I did just take half a Sleeping Tonic. You caught me.”
“Are you seeing pink elephants yet?”
“No, not yet, but surely they are just around the corner.” She pointed into the shrubbery just in front of our porch, “That bush is laughing, though.”
“No, that’s just the wind moving it.”
“No, it’s laughing. It thinks we’re funny.”
She laid back on the lawn chair and closed her eyes.
“I do not want to have sex with my husband tonight.” She told me.
“Oh, my God, Savannah!” I exclaimed, before we both burst out laughing, “I mean, I sympathize, but Jesus…”
“You know who I would like to have sex with? Lucy’s man. I wonder if she’d share him.”
“What man?” I asked, even though I already knew. I sat up and turned to face her, leaning forward.
“You know, the man. Bearded, short hair, expensive suits. He works in City Hall, but he is a Contractor. He goes out on the road a lot. I ran into him in Estersea. He was there doing an appraisal on the underground tunnel.”
“Please tell me you don’t get this chatty around Paul.”
“Of course not! I am in full control of myself right now. I thought you knew about him.”
“I thought he was a dream. I thought he was something I made up. Does he have a tattoo on his upper arm of an eagle?”
“How should I know? Expensive suits, remember? But God, I hope so. That would make him even hotter.”
“Savannah, you have gotten so horny in your old age.”
“Well, wouldn’t you?!” She asked, “Paul was kind to me once, but I didn’t want to end up married to him, for God’s sake.”
“Don’t let them hear you say that. That’s the Lord’s name in vain.”
“Well, none of those pious assholes in that church took the Lord’s name in vain, and look at what happened to them. Father Cale started coughing, and they all contracted the fever, and just like that, everyone was dead, just like the last time a church got hit. Reckoning. I mean, come on, the symbolism of that? They all died in a church!”
“Yeah. They were infected and died that quickly. It’s a mutated version of the original virus. I don’t see any Reckoning in it, Savannah. I just see a virus that is getting stronger. It’s like the more people it kills, the stronger it gets. It’s like taking their lives is feeding it.” I stopped, and then laughed, “Did you slip me some of that Sleeping Tonic?” 
She giggled, and pulled a hippie voice when she said, “You’re just getting on my level, man.”
I laughed at that, but when silence fell between us, our serious moods returned.
“I don’t think it’s Reckoning. At least, not one from God.” I told her, “Do you know why? Because I think it is a person doing this. I think there is someone getting these people sick. Lucy said that it would be nearly impossible to weaponize the virus, but I don’t think that’s true.”
“If Lucy doesn’t think it’s possible, then…”
“Look, she’s a certified genius, but she doesn’t know everything. It’s all Noble families! It’s all the people who want to be here. The Mass was the first Mass of the day, and you know that’s the Mass of the worst people. They’re so pious, they have to get there first.”
“Violet, that seems awfully complex. The person doing this would be leaving far too much up to chance. There are just too many variables to ever be able to sufficiently plan an attack on that scale. Plus, the risk would be astronomical.”
“Not if it was someone really, really smart doing it.” I looked at her, “Has Paul been acting strange?”
She burst into hysterical laughter unlike anything I had ever seen come from her.
“Look, Paul is smart, but he ain’t that smart. He knows nothing about anything medical. The man can barely open a Band-Aid!”
“But maybe that’s an act! Maybe…”
“Violet. Sweetie.” She reached over and grasped my hand, “It’s all coincidence. Maybe it’s a Reckoning, maybe it’s not, but it is definitely all coincidence. It is definitely not a person doing this. It’s nature.”
“No. My instincts are telling me there is more to this, and whoever it is, I wish I could shake their hand. They’re doing us all a favor. They’re killing them from within, and they’re doing it in a way that looks natural. I seriously wish I could shake the person’s hand.”
“Are you sure you would want to after he had just been up to his elbows in Rossoeruttar?”
I looked over at her, irritated slightly at how little she took my theory seriously. But when I saw how she was beaming, I could not help but laugh.
“Look, sweetheart…” She said, “I don’t think it’s possible, but if you’re right, I’ll eat my words. I’ll say that I will never doubt you again. That’s all I can give you. It’s not like we can put a bet on it, and I can give you money, because my female mind does not understand the intricacies of addition and subtraction, so I am not allowed to have my own money. Never mind that I wrote my dissertation on multiple prescription drugs combined in various dose sizes used to treat chemically-induced bipolar disorder in lab rats. Never mind that I spent my days on Earth writing prescriptions. I simply thought that I understood Math. But I understood nothing, Violet. Nothing!”
“I know. I was in Pre-Calc by the time I was in the tenth grade, and I passed my AP test with flying colors, something even the most arrogant boys in my class could not do. But goddamn the simple adding and subtraction of dollars and cents! It boggles my feminine mind!”
We burst out laughing, more hysterically than we had all night, but our happy moods immediately disappeared when we heard a hard knocking on our front door that echoed all the way into the backyard where we were. 
“Open up!” A male voice said, not forcefully, but not without authority, either. 
“Hide!” I told Savannah softly, “We don’t know who he is!”
“I’ll be right here.” She ducked behind the wall just beside the back door, “If he tries anything, I’ve got your back, okay?”
I nodded, and walked to the front door.
“Who is it?” I asked, trying to keep my voice steady and laden with my own authority, though it was weak.
“Violet…” I heard her manage to gasp out, and I threw open the door before she could say, “Do not open the door!”
Lucy was almost on her knees, she was slumped so far over. The man holding her was the one I had seen in my dreams, and he was doing his best to keep her upright, but she was slipping from his grip. Her clothes were in tatters, but the coat of his expensive suit was wrapped around her, shielding her body from my view. Worse than any of that, though, was how her breaths were rasping. Coming in or going out, they were slow, tinged with that awful rasping in the back of her throat that sounded excruciating. Blood was dribbling from her nose, from her ears, and out of her mouth. 
“It went through the prison like wildfire.” The man said as he pushed past me and walked her into the house. “Someone gave it to a guard, who gave it to a prisoner, who gave it to another guard… Everyone is dead.”
“No,” Lucy cried as he carried her over the threshold into the house, “No!”
“Oh, my God.” Savannah said as she came around the wall.
“NO!” Lucy managed to shout, and she held out one blood-covered hand to stop her from coming any further forward.
“She did not want to come here because she did not want to infect any of you, but her last moments would not be there, with them, in that terrible place.”
“Last moments?” I repeated quietly, even though I knew, from the sickening feeling in my stomach, that of course they were her last moments. She was in the final stage; she had lost so much blood already, and the eruptions had not even started yet. Soon, she would begin convulsing as her brain began to bleed, and then, the last of her blood would erupt out of her violently, and she would be lost to us.
“No!” She wailed, when I went to walk forward. I had just wanted to sit beside her, to take her hand, to tell her that I would be with her until the end. But she did not want us to touch her. She wanted us as far away from her as possible. She was a doctor in that moment more so than she was just a human being; she knew the power of the virus, and she knew its violent need to find a new host as it killed the last. 
“No…” She breathed, before collapsing onto the ground.
“Listen to me. Look at me.” The man said to her after he had scooped her up and laid her down on our couch, “Lucy. My love. Look at me.”
Standing even within a foot of her, I could feel the heat of her fever. Her body was desperately trying to fight off the virus, to save her, but the virus was too strong. It was ripping through her body, dissolving her organs, tearing her apart. 
“Violet.” The man told me, and I looked at him, “In the basement, the eagle statue. The one that looks like this.” He tapped the tattoo on his shoulder, “Twist it round three times. Bring me the vial that is full of dark blue liquid. Almost black. Looks like nail polish.”
“What? The basement only has…”
“Trust me. A very, very clever man built this house. A good friend of mine. And I made sure that a very clever woman lived in it. Go.”
I obeyed, even though Lucy was beginning to spew an alarming amount of blood out of her mouth. She was sweating profusely, her body twisting and curling because she was in so much pain, and the man sat beside her, holding her hand, kissing it, telling her everything was going to be alright.
I walked down the creaking wooden stairs, sneezing as the wood kicked up dust. There at the end of the room, on the mantel of the filled-in fireplace, was the eagle with its wings spread. It was the same eagle I had seen emblazoned on the man’s shoulder. Everything around it was covered in dust, but the eagle was clean and shining bronze. My sweating hand grasped it, and it slipped slightly in my grip as I twisted it three times the way the man had instructed and then pulled it back. I listened as four consecutive clacks sounded behind the wall, like locks snapping apart, and then, the wall pushed outwards slightly, revealing a small crack into which I reached my fingers and pulled. And there it was. The tiny room. The laboratory.
The source of the outbreak.
I remembered a show about a man who cooked drugs in a camper, though the name of it escaped me. My friend, Miranda, had really liked it, and we had marathoned whole seasons of it, even though we had both been rather young to watch a show like that, and my parents would have been furious had they known that I had watched it. I remembered how the man had had tons of flasks and beakers and Bunsen burners, and many, many bottles of chemicals. In Lucy’s lab, there were the same items, but in the back, in a large curio cabinet plated in the front with unbreakable glass, were bushes upon bushes of Blood Fern.
“Oh, Lucy…” I said to myself, “You would, wouldn’t you? You so would.”
In the tiny refrigerator box, I found the vile of dark blue liquid that the man had described, and by the bottle, I knew that it required a syringe, so I ran all the way upstairs, carefully creaked open the door to Lucy and Macie’s bedroom, tiptoed past Macie as quickly as I could into the bathroom, where I procured one from the box they kept in their medicine cabinet. 
After running back downstairs, I was sufficiently out of breath. I handed the man the syringe and the vial, and watched as Lucy began to close her eyes.
“No! Lucy, don’t!” I told her, and because she was too out of it to stop me, I reached forward and took her hand. 
“Illa?” She asked me, and her voice was on the verge of breaking as she turned her head to look towards the door, “Is that my girl there?” She pointed towards the doorway where she was looking. There was no one standing there, but Savannah, who was kneeling behind her head and stroking her hair, whispered that yes, it was Illa standing there.
“My girl…” Lucy said, and two tears fell from her eyes, but no more followed them. “I have pictured you standing there so many times. Coming… home… to me…” She breathed in, because her heart and mind wanted to continue sobbing, though her body continued to fight it, even though she was so sick. 
“Can you hold her arm steady for me?” The man asked, and I let go of Lucy’s hand to hold her arm still. A very soft whimper escaped her when the man pressed the needle into the crook of her arm, into one of her veins. The dark blue liquid disappeared into her as the man slowly pushed the plunger down. 
“No.” She cried, “Illa, come back.” She reached for the doorway, before dissolving into another violent fit of coughs, “Illa! Illa! Millen, go get her. Bring her back to me.” She was speaking to the man, who was not Millen, who looked nothing like the picture of her husband I had seen on the mantle in hers and Macie’s bedroom. 
“Shh… She is just going out for a few minutes, sweetheart.” Savannah told her, “She’ll be back.”
Lucy coughed again, but already, the cough was dryer, showing us that her lungs were clearing. Still, after each cough, she wheezed and struggled for breath. 
“A few more minutes, sweetheart.” The man told her, “A few more minutes, and everything will be healed, and this will pass.”
Her feet were moving, kicking slightly as her breaths rasped and rattled. Savannah had run into the kitchen and run back in a blink, and when she returned she had brought a cold towel to put on Lucy’s head, which seemed to calm her slightly, probably because it began to bring her temperature down. 
“Relax, Lucy.” I told her gently, because I could feel the growing panic in her heart as she tried to draw in a breath but merely pained herself. “It’s the fever, but it’s also you. You’re afraid. You have to calm down.” I pulled her up into a sitting position, and her weakened body slumped against me. Her head naturally fell against my shoulder and burrowed between my jawbone and my neck. 
“Come on.” I told her, “Just breathe. Like what you tell me to do when I’m anxious. In for three, out for four. Come on.” She took in a breath, squeezing my hand, and I counted. When she exhaled, I counted to four. “Good. Good, Lucy. Again.” She took in a breath, and I counted. We continued until she was breathing close enough to normally that we were comfortable letting her go to sleep. 
“I will get her changed. Will you get me some new clothes for her?” The man asked me, and I left to get some clothes out of the dresser in hers and Macie’s room. By the time I had returned, Lucy was passed out cold, and though her breaths still rasped going out, we heard nothing as they went in. 
“Works fast.” I told the man.
“The antidote?” He asked.
“And the virus.” I said, and respectfully, I turned away as he began to change her out of her clothes. 
I could feel his anger bubbling over into rage, and I knew that if I were to look into his eyes, I would see that they were darker red than the blood that covered him. 
“Savages.” He murmured, livid, and I wanted to look, but I did not. 
“Alright.” He told me, and I turned back around, grabbing one of Macie’s hand-knitted throw-blankets off the back of the chair as I walked back to her. 
“I have to get home, or Paul is going to come looking for me, and that will be more trouble for her.” Savannah told me, before kissing my forehead, “But if anything happens, send for me.”
“I will.”
She squeezed my hand, kissed Lucy’s head, and left, and suddenly, I was alone with this man I knew to be good from the dreams I had had about him, and from the past twenty minutes with Lucy. Still, I was nervous, because he was technically an Old Spirit Nobleman, but also, from what I had gathered, he had had a hand in helping Lucy create this terrible virus.
“Who are you?” I asked, but then I stopped, because I had sounded very rude when I had said that. “I’m sorry. What’s your name?”
“Tristan.” He answered.
“I’m…”
“I know who you are. She speaks of you very frequently, Violet.”
“All good things, I hope.”
“Oh, she could never say a negative word about you.” 
I almost scoffed, but I figured it would be inappropriate to do so. Besides, I did not want to think about any of the unpleasantness that had occurred between Lucy and me, either that day, or any day. Not when I had just come so close to losing her, and not after everything she had suffered. 
“Does Macie know about you?” I asked, and my tone was very confrontational, because I could not imagine what it would do to Macie if she found out that Lucy was seeing someone behind her back.
“Of course she does. I have courted Macie for almost as long as I have courted Lucy. But Lucy and I see one another far more frequently. They have not mentioned me because I am, unfortunately, a Nobleman.”
“Well, thank God you’re with her, or else you might have been another one of her targets for this whole Red Fever thing.”
“She concocted that scheme, and I made sure she had all the items she would need to make it possible. I also made sure she would have what she needed to craft the antidote.” He looked at her and stroked her hair, “She is so clever. Her brilliance knows no bounds, and in this case, she paired it with her impeccable practicality and began to thin out their herd. God, if only she could get Caspar Elohimson. That was who she was trying to get tonight, when she started it in the prison. I almost wonder if he knew what she was planning, because he locked her up and then left her at the ‘mercy’ of the other guards. If only he had stayed. Then she would be free of him.”
I almost told him that I had been the one tasked with killing Caspar but thought better of it. I had only just met him, and just because Lucy trusted him didn’t mean that I did. But it was strange, how readily I was going to tell him, how I had, by instinct, and perhaps because of his gentle nature, immediately wanted to trust him. 
“Where did you two meet?” I asked.
“When she was sent out to Estersea for one of the Noble’s sons. He had contracted some other plague, and I had been there, appraising land for a new school.”
“How long ago?”
“Sixteen years.”
“And she’s kept it a secret from me for all of that time?!” I asked angrily, “What the hell?!”
“We agreed that our romance should be revealed to others only when they needed to know. But I have watched over her. When they imprison her, I use my high standing to pay her visits. To keep her fed and warm and hydrated, and when I can, to give her medicine that will keep her comfortable. The things that she has suffered at his hands…” He rested his hand on her stomach, and her shirt raised slightly, showing deep cuts there. Before he could stop me, I raised her shirt and then immediately pulled away at the sight of the carving in her stomach: it was a strange symbol, a circle at the bottom, carved right at the hemline of her pants, with a line extending upwards from the circle right up to beneath her breasts, like the body and head of a stick figure upside down. But instead of two arms and legs, this symbol had two arms on either side, extending outwards but breaking in the middle to extend upwards, like a snapped twig. Looking at it (when I could) I thought that it looked like some kind of insect, like a four-legged beetle or maybe a weird spider. 
“It’s the Four-Armed God inverted.” The man explained to me without a word, “It is the highest disgrace in this land, to have this symbol painted onto your body, and he did not paint it, he cut it. Whether you are Old Spirit, or a follower of Adam, one of the Forwards, or even for some Unallied tribes, this is the highest dishonor, it is the cruelest taunt, the filthiest slur... I would not paint this onto my worst enemy, Violet. I would not paint this onto Tyre, himself. I would not even paint this onto Caspar Elohimson.”
My eyes were fixated on it now. I could not look away, though the sight of it burned my eyes. Even before he had told me the awful significance of it, I could feel the sickness and dishonor as a rolling tide right in the pit of my stomach. There was something about just the symbol itself, regardless of the meaning the natives had attributed to it. Just the look of it was so sinister, so… wrong. It had nothing to do with the religious implications. It had nothing to do with anything worldly. Just the design of it—a circle, a straight line extending up, four lines jutting out and breaking into a bend, two on each side of that straight line—was so wrong. 
“I have had my gripes with Adam.” He continued, because he knew that I was listening; he knew I wanted him to continue talking, and Lucy, in her sleep, even had her head turned towards him, though I hoped she was not listening. I did not want the symbol carved into her stomach to haunt her dreams. I just wanted her to rest easily. 
“But to my knowledge, he has never done this. Men who fear the true One God rarely do. Because the one God says that no man or woman on this Earth is worthy of this disgrace. Even Tyre would frown at this, and I will bring it to his attention when he arrives here so that he may properly scold my nephew. Perhaps he will even kill him. We could be so lucky.”
“I know.” I said, “I wish.” My head jerked up and I looked at him, eyebrows furrowed, heart pounding, when I realized what he had just said, “Wait, you’re Caspar’s uncle?! So that means you’re Adam’s…”
“Younger brother.” 
His eyes met mine for the first time, and I gasped sharply and covered my mouth.
“The eyes are always a dead giveaway, as your kind says.”








Part III: All of This Will Be Gone

Grace

“Well, this is good and awkward, isn’t it?” Commander Maxwell said as Brynna and I stared each other down, her eyes unblinking, intense, seeing into me easily, and mine blinking, tearing away, coming back to the eyes that suddenly looked identical to mine, and tearing away again. There was no way. It wasn’t possible. Rachel and Tom DiAngelo were my parents; they had made me, and this girl—or woman, whatever she was—was making up this story because… 
But I couldn’t come up with a reason why she would make up such a story. Surely she would not joke about being my mother when my real mother had only just died. Surely, she couldn’t be that cruel. But then, I had seen her cruelty, but then, she only wielded her cruelty on people like Sylvie, people who threatened her… 
And we shared a gift, didn’t we? Neither my mother nor my father had been Athenes, though they had always told me that my gift needed to be kept a secret, and they had always known so much about it.
“Grace,” Commander Maxwell said, taking my hand, “I don’t want to be your father, I just want to be your friend.”
“What?!” I asked, totally incredulous, completely exasperated already. Plus, that was an Earthean joke, or maybe it was just a saying, as Brynna would explain to me later. It was the common sentiment shared with stepchildren by step-parents when the two met for the first time, so that the child did not feel like the stepparent was trying to steal a paternal or maternal role from the rightful paternal or maternal party.
God, I even think like her, even today.
He walked back to Brynna, tapped her twice on the butt lightly just as he kissed her forehead.
“This is all you, baby.” He kissed her head again, “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Excuse you, James Maxwell, but you are not getting out of this that easily!” She snapped at him, “And besides, I need you to take us to Adam.”
“Adam?!” I asked, “You mean the King?” 
“Yes, the King.” She repeated with a very exaggerated roll of her eyes, “My husband. Your father. Wouldn’t you like to meet the other half of your biological parentage?”
“No!” I exclaimed.
“Well, too bad. Now that we have met, I am sure your father would very much like to meet you. He is far kinder than me, and he is far better at coping with awkward situations such as this.”
James stared at her, and she stared back.
“True.” He conceded, and with that, we began our walk towards the former King’s cell. 
***
“You’ll be okay?” James asked Brynna as he unlocked Adam’s cell door.
“With Adam? With my husband? I think I will be just fine, James.”
“No, not with Adam! Just in general.”
“I am sure I will be just fine ‘in general,’ as well.” She stood on her tiptoes to kiss him, and I looked away when he wrapped her up in his arms and kissed her back. I was trying to guess the age difference between them, and I surmised that it was at the very least twenty years. James was handsome, to be sure; he was rugged and manly with his goatee and very light beard, and with his tousled yet still styled hair. But he was old, at least forty-five. Amazingly good-looking, but old. She was young, and her body was trim and toned, and she was so beautiful. How had their relationship ever started, and how had it endured for so long? 
I didn’t know what the King looked like, but I was sure that he was not as old as James, at least not physically. Literally, he was thousands of years old, but physically, he was more than likely younger, though certainly not as young as Brynna.
“Alright.” James kissed her forehead and opened the door for us, “I’ll come back to get you in a little bit.” He kissed her forehead again, “I love you.”
“I love you.” 
It was still weird to see them say it to each other, when my first impression of them had led me to believe that they hated each other.
The door opened, and we heard the shower running. The door closed, and I heard the deadbolt lock. 
“Sit over there.” She pointed to the daybed, and even though I resented being ordered around by her, I did not want to be standing because I was feeling quite anxious, and feeling quite anxious made me quite dizzy. And besides, sitting on the daybed in the little nook by the window gave me the perfect vantage point to take in the whole room. 
She opened the door to the bathroom, and a huge outpouring of steam knocked her back a step. 
“Baby, it’s me.” She said, and I heard him exclaim in surprise just before she closed the door. 
The room was rather large, and everything in it was ornate and intricate. The red covering on the bed was sewn through with an elaborate gold design, and the polished mahogany of the bed posts was twisted into spirals in the middle and carved through with detailed swirls up and down the rest of it. The floor was shined hardwood, and the rug covering it was also red with a golden pattern sewn into it with delicate threat. The daybed I was sitting on was directly beside a stained glass window with a mosaic of a white-bearded old man on it; a taunt, I speculated, like they were telling him that he would be there until he was, at least emotionally, very old and frail. 
“What?!” I heard him exclaim, because the shower had turned off.
“I am as shocked as you are.”
“You told me nothing of this.” He told her irritably, “You never said that you even suspected…”
“I did not want to believe it.”
“She told you her parents were Rachel and Tom DiAngelo?”
“Yes, but she looked so much like Rachel, I wondered if perhaps they had had another child. Surely, the one I had given her would bear some resemblance to me, and upon looking at this girl, I see that her eyes are very similar to mine, but as you recall, Rachel had blue eyes, as well.”
“Brynna…” He said, but he did not continue. And yet in response, she said, “I know.”
I didn’t know. I had no idea what he had started to say but had stopped before he said it. It didn’t matter. I just wanted him to come out so we could get our meeting over with.
“Can you get me some clothes, please?” He asked her, and I heard her kiss him, or him kiss her, before the door opened. She pulled open drawers, pulling out various items, which she then brought to him. After a minute or two, they both came out of the bathroom, and I saw for the first time the former King of all Purissimus, the man they proclaimed was my birth father.
He was even older than James! He was older, and taller, towering over her by at least a foot. He was also very handsome, so I could say about her that though she seemed to have an affinity only for men who were old enough to be her father, she certainly did not find ugly ones. But it was his eyes that disarmed me most; they were so green that they almost seemed to glow, in the same way that hers were so blue that they seemed to crackle. His reminded me of sea-glass that my father had brought me from a town built right onto the beach, hers reminded me of a shined sapphire he had brought me from the mines of another far away city. 
For a moment, I wondered why I was not more attractive, having two such stunning birth parents, but then I realized how very insulting that was to my mother and father, who had been beautiful in their own right, and I wanted to cry.
He sat down on the end of the bed, looking at me, and for some reason, despite the intensity of his gaze, I did not shrink away from it. I was able to look back almost easily. The intensity seemed to be something that he could not control, and in this case, I knew that he was not trying to intimidate me.
“You did not see this resemblance?” He asked his wife, somewhat incredulously, somewhat crossly.
“I told you that I did not want to believe it, and it is only the eyes, Adam. Everything else, she looks just like Rachel.”
“Yes, but the eyes are a glaring clue, Brynna.”
“What difference does it make now?!” She snapped at him as she withdrew a cigarette from the case that was sitting on his mantle. She walked over to sit beside him, and he gently took the lighter from her hand and lit her cigarette for her. 
“Thank you, Moody McNasty.” She told him, and despite himself, he laughed softly. 
“You are welcome.” He said, and for a moment, they looked at each other, glowing blue meeting glowing green, both fighting the urge to grin. Her face broke into a full beam first, the fullest smile I had ever seen on her face. He laughed again and kissed her. 
“You lose.” He said.
“I always do.”
He kissed her again, and turned to look at me.
“If I were you,” He said, “I would want to know how it occurred.” 
I was silent, because he was right, but I did not want him to know that he was right. Instead of allowing the silence to continue, he kept talking in an even tone.
“You do not want to believe it, but you do believe it. I can see that in your heart.”
I crossed my arms over my chest, and Brynna laughed, breaking the solemn mood in the room.
“For me, they cover their ears. For you, their chests.” She said.
“Sweetheart,” Adam replied gently, “Let us try to keep the mood…”
“Somber?” She asked, “Solemn? Why? This is so ridiculous. She loves her parents. She loves Rachel and Tom even though they are gone. So what difference does it make that we are her parents?” She looked at me, “I think it is a disservice to you to tell you how you came to be, when you believe right now that you are the product of a natural biological process that occurred between your mother and father, meaning…”
“I know what you mean!” I snapped at her, “And yes, that is how I thought that I was born, because how could I ever have predicted that there was anything more to it than that!? I look just like her, like you said!”
“And is it a disservice to you?” She asked, “To tell you the truth?”
“No!” I snapped as tears rushed into my eyes, “I want to know.”
“Even though it will prove that your entire life has been a lie?” 
“Yes. Because despite how you seem to have made lying your hobby…”
“I don’t recall lying. Oh!” She smiled almost genuinely, “You mean about James. Yes, in that case, I was lying.”
“You lied about him. You lied about where the people you have killed to protect him and you go. You lied to the Warden.”
“I assure you that the Lord of War and I have an understanding in which we are almost brutally honest with one another, though surely my relationship with him is none of your business.”
I hated myself for noticing it, but there was an undeniable air of regality about her. Her back was straight, her legs were crossed, her hand was wrapped under Adam’s arm so that her fingers could link with his, and her long auburn hair was pulled to one side of her head where it draped in beautiful waves down her shoulder. Her intricate sentences were spoken slowly so that whoever was listening would not miss a single word. In that determined slowness of her speech, mixed with that regality, there was an icy condescension that could not be ignored. She was speaking slowly and calculatedly because others around her could not possibly keep up, because they were her intellectual inferiors. All of this not only appeared completely natural (which made me believe that it was), but it appeared comfortable. There was no stiffness, or even primness. There was propriety, but it was relaxed somehow. Perhaps it was because of her confidence. Perhaps she had always been fit to be queen, even before she had come to this world.
Her stance was mirrored in her partner, in the great King himself. Perhaps it was learned from him, but no, she looked even more natural there than he did. Plus, from what I could gather, their formal relationship had begun after they were imprisoned. She became Queen when he was no longer King. To my people, the Old Spirits, they were nothing. They were spooky stories that some particularly pious parents told their children. But to their people, they would always be the First King and Queen of Purissimus. 
And I was sitting across from them, hearing from their lips that they were my parents. My mother and my father were fakes. Or something. I could not be sure. I remembered how I had always thought how wonderful it would be if I turned out to be a princess. As someone would tell me many years later in casual conversation, that fantasy ran wild on Earth. New parents would pluck a little girl from her mundane life and whisk her away to a life of royalty, where she would be waited on hand and foot by many servants and want for nothing. One day, she would marry a handsome prince. I never could have felt that way, because, for one thing, I had no interest in finding a prince, but more importantly, I loved my parents so much, and would never want them to be replaced with anyone else, even if those other people were royals, which, coincidentally, they had turned out to be. My parents had been perfect, and I had loved them tremendously. I had wanted to be a princess because they wore beautiful clothes and got ponies and birthday cake whenever they wanted, or at least that’s what my dad had always said. But now that I was actually a de facto princess, I wondered how, even with ponies and unlimited birthday cake, I had ever wanted it before. 
“My mom and dad were kind.” I told them, “They were so good.”
“Yes. They were.” She agreed, “Rachel and I were the very best of friends. When it became apparent that I was going to lose you, and especially when it became apparent that they were going to release her and Tom, I knew that there was no better person in the world to care for you. So we made a trade.”
“That’s impossible.”
“Nothing is impossible. Not for me.”
“So, what did you do? Hmm? I was bleeding out of you, and what? You collected me in a turkey baster and squirted me inside of her?”
It was so dirty. And so cruel. I cringed after I said it, but she merely smiled.
“It never got to the bleeding. Well, not in that way, anyway. I will not discuss how I got into the state where my womb was not fit to support your life, but I will tell you that your mother had a husband before Tom. It was the husband she had chosen.”
“Joe.”
“Yes. She mentioned him. Did she tell you what happened to him?”
“No. She would never say.”
“Then clearly she did not want you to know. Therefore, I won’t tell you, either. She came here with Joe, and they tried to have a baby for many years, but she could not conceive. I had begun to worry; even though it is exceedingly difficult to conceive on this planet, it is not impossible. I was afraid that she was like me. She just could not do it. But after it became apparent that I was going to lose you, I called for her, and I told myself that you could be saved, that you could be put into her. So I put one hand on my belly, and I extracted you. Your life. A tiny, weak light that could still blind anyone who was not meant to look upon it.”
“This is crazy.”
It sounded crazy, but it wasn’t crazy. Inherently, deep down in my bones, into my soul, I knew that it was true. That it was possible. That life could be seen in one’s hands as a light, that it could be transferred.
“It is most certainly not crazy.” Brynna told me before continuing, “After I had extracted you, I touched her belly, and you were given away.”
“Not willingly.” Adam interjected, “We never would have given you away were it not for Brynna’s injury.”
“What injury?”
“We will not discuss it.” She answered, immediately and very curtly.
“We wanted you more than anything else in the world, Grace. We wanted to give her daughter and my son a sister. We wanted to bring the child we had made together into the world. But there was no possibility. You would have died had she not acted. I told her she was merely grief-stricken, that you had already been lost, but she felt you, and she saved you.”
“So, should I say ‘thank you?’” I asked snidely.
“No…” Adam began.
“That would probably be polite.” She interrupted him, her blue eyes suddenly piercing me even more sharply, “Considering I could have let you die but instead, I found a sufficient substitute. I did not just throw your life-force into the first Old Spirit nurse who came to prod me with needles.”
“Brynna.” Adam said firmly.
“I gave you to a trusted friend.” She continued lightly, “To my greatest friend. Perhaps you do not have to say ‘thank you’ but you should lose that snide, ungrateful tone.”
“Brynna!”
“You are not my mother.” I snapped at her as tears welled in my eyes at the harshness of her words which, somehow, had been spoken merely in a sharp tone, but not in a completely hostile one. “And you are not my father.”
“Grace…” He started to say gently.
“No! I don’t want to hear anymore.”
“But I have not even gotten to the fact that your father was married before your mother!”
“Stop it!” I cried, as the tears began to rush down my face.
“I attended that wedding. Daddy here officiated. And Commander Maxwell was best man. They were madly in love, your dad and his other half. In fact,” I laughed softly, “I can promise you that with his dying breath, Tom said this first spouse’s name and not Rachel’s, and Rachel said Joe’s name and not Tom’s.”
“Brynna, stop it now.” Adam told her, a little more harshly.
The tears were falling harder, and I was beginning to sob out loud.
“Oh, if I did not know it was true that you are mine, I would seriously doubt it now.” She told me with a very strong hint of disgust in her voice, “I never exhibit this weakness, especially not in front of people I barely know. You should be thanking your lucky stars that you are our daughter, because now, no one will grab you in a dark corridor of the ship, hold you against the wall, and…”
“Brynna, that’s enough!” Adam bellowed, and I thought I heard something rattling in the room, but it was more than likely just my imagination. I had jumped terribly when he had shouted, and so I had imagined that the sound had been powerful enough to rattle the metal objects in the room. When a metal tin fell off of the fireplace mantle, though, I realized that I had not imagined the raw power of his shout.
She was up, replacing the tin on the mantle, and he walked to her quickly. For a moment, I feared that he would strike her, but instead, he took her face in both hands gently and kissed her.
“Not now.” She snapped at him, “Do not kiss me now, because I will not look weak in front of her.”
“She did not mean what she said.”
“I do not care if she meant it or not. If anyone else had said such a thing to me, I would cut her throat.”
“I know.”
I was still crying, almost howling with sobs, because though I did not want to believe it, I did believe it. I believed every word, because it was fact. It was reality. There was no fighting it. Still, I listened to them talking quietly, though they thought that I could not hear.
She murmured something to him, both of her hands grasping his arms. He lowered his head so that his ear was closer to her mouth, and she said it again. He looked down at her legs, which were trembling, and then kissed her lips so gently that she turned to jelly in his arms. Her body sunk into his, and he held her, supporting her small frame against his huge, muscular one.
“There is none, sweetheart.”
“No, I am bleeding, I can feel it.”
“No.” He whispered, kissing her head over and over again, “You are just fine, my love.”
She nodded, and when I began to calm down, she reluctantly pulled away from him.
“I am sorry for shouting at you.” He told her, and she kissed him then.
“It is alright.”
“You had every right to be angry, but you cannot treat her this way. I know that this is hard, but you must try to be civil.”
“She is not capable of being civil…” She began, but he cut her off.
“And you.” He looked at me, and spoke calmly but sternly, “You do not know anything about her but what she has shown you. Everyone plays a role out there, Grace, even you.”
“I do not play a role …”
“Have you been keeping what you truly are hidden? Have you suppressed an urge to fight back against some injustice the guards perpetrated against someone out there? Did you bite your tongue when someone said something vulgar to you, or threatened your life?”
I did not answer, but that was enough of an affirmation.
“You play the role of the Wallflower, Grace.” Brynna told me, and her voice was even but not gentle. Still, that tone was a vast improvement, so when I spoke back to her, I did so in a tone that matched hers.
“The Wallflower?”
“Over our years here, I have relayed to Adam all that occurs outside of this room, and together, we have created the roles of all people who grace these halls with their corruptive presences. You have the Schemers. They think that their prolonged existence is due to some inherent ability, like vast intelligence or sly craftiness. In reality, though, they have no inherent ability nor certifiable skill; they are simply little Froufrou dogs humping the leg of a Rottweiler.”
“Oh, do not refer to Mary Bachum as a Rottweiler.”
“It is not just Mary Bachum, sweetheart.”
“Yes, but it is mainly Mary Bachum.”
“Mary Bachum is here.” I said, “Why does she work here?”
They both chuckled softly at some inside joke.
“What?” I asked, somewhat irritably.
“Well, she must hide that hideously scarred face somewhere, mustn’t she?” Adam asked.
 “She passes everyone through the front door. Did she proclaim her undying spiritual love for you?” Brynna asked, placing her hands over her heart.
“Yes!”
“And what did you say?”
“Nothing, but I wanted to say a lot.”
“See? You are a Wallflower.”
“Well, I had just gotten here, and I was scared, and I didn’t know what she would do if…”
“There is no dishonor in it.” Adam assured me. “Trust me, it is smart. Being a Wallflower makes you smarter than the Schemers, because though they sniff up Mary Bachum’s bum, pardon my crassness, and whisper in her ear, they are known to be… What is that word you use, my dear?”
“Snitches.”
“They are known to be snitches, and… What is that saying again, my dear?”
“‘Snitches get stitches.’ A silly old Earthean expression of unknown origin.” She replied, “Here, it’s more like ‘snitches get thrown over the railing into the icy ocean waves or shivved in the shower,’ but that is no fun because it doesn’t rhyme.” 
I shuddered slightly and hoped that they did not notice. Though I was having an almost perfectly amicable conversation with them up until that point, the way that they so blithely referred to their murderous exploits made me uneasy, as it would for most people. They had been locked away for twenty-three years, and a part of me thought that perhaps their imprisonment was best for all. Clearly, they had no reservations about taking a life, and obviously, that was indicative of some mental instability not to mention a lack of morality. If they were out in the world, would they kill as they saw fit even if, say, the only offense of their victim was that he had offended their pride? 
“I have never killed anyone for insulting me, Grace, and neither has he.” She said, and I gasped and covered my ears, “Darling, that really does nothing.” I lowered my hands from my ears, crossed my arms over my chest, and hunched my shoulders, taking my stance of self-protection, not against her power, but just against her. 
“Don’t call me ‘darling.’” I murmured.
“Well, dear, if you will let me continue…”
“You are antagonizing.” Adam told her blithely, and she sighed heavily and looked at him.
“Fine.” She looked back at me, “I have never killed anyone for insulting me, and neither has he. We have ripped out a few tongues, but that is part of my role.”
My expression soured even more, and my shoulders hunched down even further. 
“I don’t quite see how that could ever be necessary.”
“Well, it is. For people like me,” They looked at each other and smiled knowingly, “The Warrior Queens, and people like him, the Warrior Kings, there was the general rule before we came here, I have been told, that our kind have a short shelf life, but over our twenty years here, we have become the exception to that rule.”
“How is he able to fulfill that role if he is locked up in here?”
“Because when a new man sets foot within these walls and asserts his dominance—over the other prisoners, especially the ones who are my people, or if they try to assert dominance over my wife, may the One God help them—that is when I gain the ability to leave this room for one purpose: To enter the Coliseum.”
I looked between the two of them, at the half smiles on their lips, at the almost dreamy expressions in their eyes as they looked off, picturing it.
“What the hell is the Coliseum?”
***
“Alright!”
Jason clapped his hands and rubbed them together as we pushed our way into the already rowdy crowd. Packed from wall to wall with people who were shrieking with laughter, shouting at each other in excitement, or jockeying for a better view of what lay in the center of the open space, the room was positively writhing with life. Jason, Rohanna, Yumi, Rael, and I were side-stepping the people, and in the process, we passed two huge guys who had been laughing together as we approached, but by the time we were level with them, they were pushing each other single-handedly because their other hands held cups of some copper-colored liquid. When one of the guys, the smaller of the two, weirdly enough, pushed the bigger one hard, he stumbled into Rohanna and splashed that copper liquid right into her face. 
“Get out of the way, bitch!” He shouted at her, like it was her fault that he had fallen into her, and as though she had not been the only thing stopping him from crashing into the wooden railing and possibly falling into the pit twenty feet below. Rael reached out, grasped his throat, and slammed him down hard onto one of the wooden benches with so much ease that it was easy to forget the man was a six foot four behemoth of muscle and rage. Under Rael’s hands, he looked like a rag doll. 
“Whoa, man! Whoa, man!” He held up his hands in surrender, “Meant no offense.” He looked back at Rohanna, “Sorry, ma’am.”
All Rael said in reply was, “Yup,” which was hilarious, because he was Pangaean, and with his accent, that slang term for “yes” sounded so much more badass than it did in our Earthean American accents.
“I taught him that,” Jason told me, “But anyway, back to the fun! So, they knew people would go crazy without a little entertainment, which is how they devised this. The Lord of War’s Coliseum. That’s where he sits, the Lord over us all.”
“Amen!” Rohanna and Yumi replied sarcastically.
The room was huge and perfectly spherical, with levels of benches rising up all the way to the barred windows, like bleachers, as my mother called the ones we had at home, which were outside of the Shaming Stage. 
“Like we’re at a damn football game.” She had muttered furiously to my dad, who had gently shushed her and squeezed her hand. 
To our left, around the bend, was a literal throne, built from what looked to be pure black iron, something my dad had told me was almost impossible to come by and exorbitantly expensive when one did come by it. Behind his seat, the aisle in between the two rows of bleachers led up to a huge iron door, which more than likely led to the guard’s quarters, because it was from that door that the guards were coming in groups and taking their seats. I saw Commander Maxwell, walking with a small cluster of guards, and while they were all laughing and joking, he looked stoic, as usual. Mary Bachum walked in with none other than Rich Bachum, fresh from Shadow Village, it seemed. I watched them come in, her walking with her arm linked with his, and him walking with his typical look on his face of utter, unshakeable rage. The dark circles under his eyes were still almost black, giving him a countenance that was both sickly and yet sinister. Those black eyes were scanning the crowd, looking for someone in particular, it seemed, and Mary, talking quietly to him, with a slight smile on her face, seemed to be reassuring him, or trying to calm him. 
In Shadow Village, I had only seen him a few times, because, as my mom had told me, he was ashamed of his graphic injury, which had been very well deserved. Turns out, Rich had committed some atrocity against Tyre that had resulted in Tyre decreeing that both of his hands should be severed. As if that were not bad enough, he then allowed a doctor who had been on her feet for almost seventy-two hours straight to perform the surgery that would close the wounds. She had botched it, so his skin was grossly discolored, a purplish black, on the ends of his stumps, and the skin was tucked in, looking, and I do apologize for the gross simile, like the tied end of a sausage’s casing. My mom had told me all of this after I had seen him and his injury for the first time, when I was about ten or eleven. He had always been the ruler of our village, but when he made public appearances, he always remained a shadowy figure behind his Lieutenant. Somehow, just being that shadowy presence made him frightening enough that no one stepped out of line. But when I had seen his injury, which had happened as Mom and I had been leaving the market, and we had run into him and his crew as they returned to City Hall, instead of turning my head away, I had begun to cry, which had prompted Mom to rush me in the opposite direction before Rich could notice, thank the One God. 
As he took his seat beside his wife, he continued to scan the crowd, and I followed the trajectory of his gaze until my eyes fell on Brynna. I looked back at Rich, somehow knowing that it was her for whom he was searching, and sure enough, his gaze had stopped, the corners of his mouth had turned downwards, his eyes had begun to blaze, and though they were not red, the look was not diminished in intensity or in intimidation. She was talking and laughing with Illa and Janna, the three of them giggling like a clique of high school girls. I, for one, had never seen Illa laugh, and when she did, it made the harsher features of her face—her high cheekbones, her scarily piercing gaze, her lips that were always either smirking or pursed in a look of judgment or irritation—ease themselves just a little; though her features were still harsh, they were complimented by her huge smile and the lightness in her eyes. It sounds crazy, but the change was incapable of being ignored. My head turned on the side as I watched her, and my mind told me angrily that my heart was distracting me, which was crazy, because why would my heart play any role in this random observation of Illa? But still, I took my mind’s prodding to return to the observation at hand while scolding it on its ability to become so easily distracted by other musings. 
Rich was watching Brynna, and all the while, he was ignoring Mary, who was clearly trying to get his attention by continuing to speak to him. Brynna became aware of his glare, or perhaps she was aware all along and simply continued her conversation with Illa and Janna to annoy him with how happy the three of them were, because when she looked, she did not have to scan the crowd to find him. To my horror, she waved, first with one hand, and then with both. After that, she gasped, looked at both hands, theatrically “realizing” her own offense, and then, she blew two kisses at him, one hand at a time. My eyes were wide, and my mouth had fallen open, and I was too afraid to look back at him, but I heard Rohanna and Yumi murmuring about it, because they had seen, and I heard Rael’s deep chuckle. 
“She’s so bad!” Yumi whispered through her hysterical giggles.
“She is the absolute worst.” Rael replied, still grinning.
“I swear,” I muttered, “I don’t know how she has stayed alive this long.”
“She kills anyone who steps to her. She’s been down there a million times.” Jason explained, and I looked where he was pointing, down into the pit. All around the walls, stuck up high, there were weapons. At the bottom were the smallest ones, like little daggers no bigger than an arrowhead and no thicker than a fishhook, and at the top were the most impressive ones, like massive swords almost as tall as me, some with curved blades, some looking like candelabras, with one thick center blade and several smaller, sharper blades jutting out from the center. There were several doors built into the circumference of the pit, and the ground of it looked to be hard concrete covered in sand.
“She’s won every time.” Jason said, “That’s how she’s become such a legend. She gets challenged, she wins. She’s fought guys from the Lord of War’s ranks who wiped out whole armies and collected heads for fun. She’s destroyed guys double her height and triple her weight. She’s fought Unallied women who trained their whole lives to fight and kill.”
“You are such a fanboy.” Yumi told him with a roll of her eyes, “But he isn’t lying. In the beginning, everyone placed their bets against her, including us.” She gestured to Rohanna, “Well, Rael didn’t, but he knew her outside of this place, so he knew what she was capable of.”
“Even if I had not known her before this place, I would have known of what she is capable.” Rael replied, “It is in her heart. Fire, light, and shadow. So much hatred, so much rage. There is no stopping her. She is a force of nature all her own. My friendship with her before this place only affirmed what I saw in her the moment she stepped into my sight.”
I looked at him, shocked at his admiration of her. He seemed like the kindest man, a gentle giant. To have such high feelings of her seemed out of place for him, but then, I didn’t know him that well.
“We never bet again after that first time.” Rohanna continued, “In that very first fight, we thought it would be over in seconds for her, but it was not her for whom it was over in seconds. It was him. The boy they threw at her. Some Old Spirit boy who was in for rape. Don’t ask me how one gets arrested for rape in their world, but he was in for rape, and oh, he said such nasty things to her. The crowd was almost silent, because they wanted to hear the terrible things he said before the fight began. So then, when the Lord of War rung the bell, and he charged her…”
Jason cut her off enthusiastically.
“She dodged him, ran past him, scurried up the wall to the absolute highest tier of weapons, dropped back down onto her feet just as he ran back to her, and stabbed him clean through the front, straight out his back. She pulled the knife up… and up… and up…” Jason was acting out the scene, his hand outstretched, holding an imaginary blade, shaking in the effort of pulling up through imaginary skin and bone, “Through his stomach, through his chest cavity, breaking out of his neck,” He pulled his hand back, but immediately thrust it forward again, “and she stabbed him right in…”
“The mouth,” Rohanna said, reclaiming the telling of the story, “Right in that terrible mouth that had wanted to yap and yap and yap his insults and disgusting taunts. The whole crowd was silent, and it was not because we had all just lost some of our stores of cigarettes and soap and condoms and playing cards and whatever else we had bet just so we could bet. It was because she was standing there, covered in the blood of a boy twice her size, clutching this huge dagger in her steady hand, and she was laughing. It was not this hysterical, nervous laughter, mind you. It was this very quiet, very bemused laughter, almost like she was surprised at what she had just done, but also like she found the whole ordeal entertaining. Adam had been brought to watch, he was beside the Lord of War, who was utterly dumbfounded, just…” Rohanna mimicked his expression by opening her mouth slightly but widening her eyes all the way, “But Adam? Oh, he was laughing right along with her, in exactly the same way. ‘That is my queen,’ He said, loudly enough so we all could hear, ‘That is my wife.’ Not to inform the few of us who didn’t already know that they were married. Not even to proclaim his pride, though that was obviously a part of it, and certainly not to state his ownership. He was saying it to tell anyone who still doubted her that it was not luck that had allowed her to win so easily; it was her. She is a fighter. She is a killer. She fights with no holds barred, as they say, and she kills with no moral hesitation and with the greatest ease. It is her.”
“They go in most frequently.” Jason continued, “We make do when other people announce that they are challenging other people to the Coliseum, because we’re all sick and awful and morally depraved, and we just like seeing the bloodshed, but… Nothing gets this crowd of sick and awful and morally depraved people going like watching the King and Queen. They run these specialty trials sometimes, because we used to have these fights twice a month, regardless of whether someone gets challenged or not. They’ve been on hold since before you got here, because Tyre said too many people were dying, and they had not been given adequate time to redeem themselves. Because he’s a party-pooper. But anyway, people are chosen by the Lord of War, and they fight until one of them dies, and sometimes, he changes up the rules. One time, with Brynna, he said no weapons, and she was fighting a former Old Spirit dude who was still noble to the cause and who wanted to kill her to impress the Warden and Paul, who was in the audience.”
“Oh, my God!” Yumi exclaimed, throwing her head back and closing her eyes, “That was one of the greatest ones ever!”
“It took her a little while longer than the first, and she took one or two hits, which made the people who were still dumb enough to bet against her think they were going to win, but then, she stops dodging him and leading him all around the ring, and just pulls this epic assassin combo shit that went on for like, three minutes straight of her just like, gracefully hopping around him,” He was acting it out again, and I could not help but be very amused by how into it he was getting. I was fighting the smile and my urge to laugh, but my will to do both was stronger than my will to suppress them. “She was just kicking him and punching him and slamming his face into her knees, or head-butting him, and dodging these blind hits he was throwing, until BAM!” He froze, his arm outstretched, “She hits him in the solar plexus, and down he goes. Well, only one person walks out of that Coliseum. It’s not ‘fight until someone falls down or gets K.O.’d,’ it’s ‘fight to the death.’ So she stomped his neck.”
“Remember the time Adam was in, and the Warden closed off the top and started filling it up with sand?” 
“Oh, my God, yes!” Jason replied, “It was a Time Trial. They put this big glass dome over the top so we could all still see in, and they had these acoustic things so we could hear what was going on, and Adam had… How much time would you say it was, Ro?”
“I’d say about fifteen minutes.”
“He had about fifteen minutes before this sand they were pumping in would fill the place and kill them all. Now, obviously, with sand, it’s going to get harder to move the more there is, so Adam had two guys that time, because there isn’t a single guy in this place that is matched to him strength-wise, so he always fights multiple, to keep it fair. And they didn’t even let them start fighting until there were at least ten inches of sand covering the floor. Brynna was really vocal during that one. There are little holes drilled into the top of the dome so that the guys inside could hear us out here, and she was shouting louder than any of us, and believe me, people were crazy during that one, because it was the first Time Trial ever, and man, every time that dome comes down, people go ape, because those are the most intense ones. I’ve got nerves of steel, and I walked out of here shaking like a leaf after that one.”
“Yeah, because it got precarious. Adam took out the one guy before even a foot of sand had accumulated.” Yumi replied, “But the other guy gave him a run for his money. By the end, they were barely even fighting because they were clawing their way up, and Adam won because he was able to reach the top of the dome while the other guy got submerged.” 
“And he got to the top right in front of Brynna, and he had his hand on the dome, and she had her hand over his, and she was talking to him, assuring him that he was going to be okay. So when it was over, everyone was swooning over how ridiculously adorable they are.” Jason said. “Including me.”
I giggled at that so hard, I had to cover my mouth.
“Remember the time with Brynna and the water?” Rohanna asked, “That one made me envy her thigh muscles.”
“Hey, man, from what I hear, she and the King are doing it on the daily, so no wonder she has thighs of steel, because I heard he’s got a fucking tank down there.” Jason replied, and Rohanna slapped him on the arm.
“Don’t be so vulgar in front of Grace! And why are you even speculating on what he’s got down there?”
“Because I’m awful and morally depraved.” He replied matter-of-factly, “Nothing more or less than that.”
“Let’s move away from that conversation,” I said, neglecting to finish my sentence with “because he’s my father, unfortunately, and I’d really rather not speculate as to what he’s got down there.” 
Instead, I finished with:
“And let’s talk about why you envy her thigh muscles.”
“Because in that round, they were pumping water in, and again, Brynna was not able to dispatch right away the woman they pitted her against, so it ended up with Brynna swimming up to the top, grabbing the holes in the dome ceiling, shoving the woman under the water, and holding her down there by wrapping her legs around her, and holding her there with her thighs.”
“Whoa.” I said, almost against my will, because I did not want to voice any signs that I was impressed, even though I was, mildly. Their resourcefulness was plain, and their ability to survive being thrown into the ring multiple times was impressive.
“Have any of you ever been in?” I asked, and they all grinned at what seemed to be a private joke.
“Rael has,” Rohanna replied, “But the rest of us have been lucky never to get challenged, or to be in a position where we have to challenge someone else. Hopefully, we never will be, because though I can fight when I have to, the people who volunteer themselves or the people who challenge other people know they can fight whenever, wherever they are, and they like the fighting and killing. I do not.”
Finally, someone who didn’t relish in taking lives and hurting others. It was so refreshing, and her stance on the matter seemed to be mirrored in her girlfriend, which was good. 
“I would love to fight.” Jason said, “But I’m a nerd. I’m good at taking stuff apart and figuring out how it works and then putting it back together in such a way that it works better than it ever did before. On Earth, I built robots, for God’s sake. And yeah, they were fighting robots, but their fighting prowess was in no way a reflection of my own. I was on the Dean’s List every semester of my first three years of college, up until the world ended, and I was a virgin until I came here, until a nice Pangaean girl named Willa found me cute and exotic, and I will love her until the day I die. I wish I could also say that I am an ace fighter, but I am a nerd, through and through, and even with my evolution, I suck at it. So I’d be dead in five seconds, and then I’d look like an idiot.”
“Not to mention you’d be dead.” I replied, “And by the way, I happen to think all of that is roundly impressive, and…”
“Shh!” He exclaimed, and everyone in the room rose, including Rohanna and Jason, who grasped me by either elbow and pulled me to my feet. The Lord of War had entered the room, and he was joined by none other than Tyre himself. Apparently, Rich Bachum was not the only member of the Highest Order who had chosen to come watch the festivities. Behind Tyre was Paul, whom I had only met once or twice when he told my parents about me possibly joining some kid academy in his hometown, which they had not wanted to hear, even though he had made it sound like it would be a lot of fun. The Warden gave up his black throne to Tyre, and there was not any hint that he was angry about having to sit on one of the cushioned benches. But he was not sitting yet, because he was obviously about to give some speech.
“Thank you all for coming, and thank you all for your respectful silence.” He said, “As you can see, we are joined tonight by none other than the One Sanctum and his two right-hand men, Rich Bachum, husband of Mary, whom you all know…” There was a scattering of applause. The Schemer Snitch people that Brynna had talked about, no doubt. Mary beamed in response to the noise and even waved. Rich scowled. “And Governor Paul Valz of Blancstizia is here as well. Can we show them our gratitude for them joining us this evening?”
Everyone clapped, and a few people whistled or cheered quietly. I watched Brynna, Illa, and Janna as they clapped slowly, grandiosely, all three beaming hugely and waving, clearly mocking everyone around them and not caring if the Warden, Paul, Rich, or even Tyre saw them do it.
“Tonight, we have one of our Specialty Trials, so if you have placed preliminary bets, you may want to rethink them.”
“Too late,” Jason muttered to me, “Once you throw in your betting items, you’re in. That’s why I don’t bet until he’s done talking.”
I nodded.
“First and foremost, may we bring out the former King?”
I gasped softly, because I had not known that Adam was going to be in the ring. When he walked out, there was rather hysterical applause, far more intense and passionate than all of the earlier scatterings of applause combined. Brynna cheered loudest, screaming out, “Yeah, baby!” to get his attention. He was waving to the crowd just as sardonically as she had been pretending to do, and when his eyes found her, she blew him a kiss, to which he grinned.
“The former Rexprimus of Purissimus, Adam Elohimson.” The Warden said with a note of distaste in his voice that was not necessarily towards Adam but towards the reception he had had with the crowd. The cheering died down because the Warden was obviously waiting for quiet so he could introduce Adam’s opponent.
“Now, like I said, this is a Specialty Trial, so Adam will not be facing his usual two opponents. Tonight, he will be facing four, and a surprise fifth.”
The chattering began immediately, whispers of how it was not fair, it could not be done, not even Adam could fight off five men singlehandedly, especially not if they all grabbed weapons right off the bat and charged him.
“Just five?” Adam asked, and the crowd laughed in genuine amusement and began to cheer again.
“But to make it fair,” The Warden continued, “Adam will be allowed to choose one member of the audience to fight beside him. Adam?”
“Is that really a question? There is only one being on this Orb whom I would want by my side in a fight, and luckily, she is also the one being you lot would most want to see fighting by my side.” He turned around to face Brynna, “My love, will you join me?”
Brynna grinned, and then jumped down into the ring, landing with perfect grace on her feet.
“Is that even a question?” She asked, and she stood on her tiptoes to kiss him. For a moment, I thought that the crowd would melt into a puddle of admiring “awwww’s!” Instead, they clapped and cheered, and some people whistled. Adam murmured something to Brynna while his forehead was pressed to hers, and she nodded, before pressing her lips to his again. Even after seeing them together in the intimate setting of his bedroom, away from the prying eyes of their admirers and haters, it was still strange to see them there: him, six and a half feet tall, still so muscular despite his imprisonment, his hair that distinguished gray, the lines in his face etched in almost gracefully, despite all he had endured over his long life. His stature and his face were almost at odds with one another, because they were of a super soldier and a scholar, respectively, and yet together, they worked for him. She was a whole foot and a half shorter than he was, and she was femininely muscular; the shirt of her prison uniform was cut to show her toned stomach and arms. When she was away from the prison populace, her eyes were the same blue as mine—the blue that many described as “electric” or as “blue as ice,”—but in their presence, one of her eyes was black and one was white. Those eyes, coupled with her pin-straight auburn hair, long, thin nose, high cheekbones, and permanently red lips, she looked not so much like a beauty queen as she did a vixen. Hers was not a traditional beauty, like Janna’s, and yet it was unsurprising that men would fight and die for her. It was unsurprising that the King of all Purissimus would want her, even though he had already had a woman who was considered to be the most beautiful of all. The two of them standing together just made sense, the same way that she and James standing together made sense. James was the vision of a handsome knight, full to the brim with cunning and courage, able to fight to the death as well as woo a new woman into his bed every night. Whether it was beside her royal soldier-scholar hybrid, or her knight, her strange beauty was complimented by and complimented theirs. 
“Let’s bring out their challengers now, shall we?” 
The doors across from Brynna and Adam opened, and her hand reached down to grasp his as the challengers presented themselves. 
“They have to fight them all at once!?” I exclaimed in horror, because everyone was muttering in anticipation and trepidation as they watched the three men and one woman make their way into the ring. One was at least a foot taller than Adam and twice his weight in muscle. One was a few inches taller than Brynna but was covered in the tribal tattoos of the most brutal Unallied tribes, the ones who killed Old Spirits and Red Anarchies indiscriminately in the worst ways possible, who were rumored to eat their victims… The third was medium height and build, but I was watching as he eyed the huge blades high up, and figured that he must have known that he would be able to get them, and the last was a woman the same height as Brynna but even more muscular. 
“Yup! All at once.” Jason replied excitedly, “Isn’t it awesome?!”
“Anyone want to rethink the bets they have placed?” Tyre asked after the crowd had quieted down, and the Old Spirits who were somehow still loyal to him laughed heartily while everyone else either ignored him or whispered that perhaps they had placed their bets too early. Most, though, ignored him, because they believed they had placed their bets in the right place.
“On my count.” Tyre said, and my eyes found James in the crowd of guards seated behind him to see that though he was masking it well, there was still a hint of worry in his eyes. Perhaps it was visible to me because I knew of his love for her, and to everyone else, it was invisible, but I saw it, and I wished that I could tell him that I was worried about them, too. 
“Three…” Tyre said, and Brynna looked up at Adam as Adam looked down at her.
“Two…”
They were communicating silently, using her power. They were planning.
“Now!” Tyre pronounced, and simultaneously, the four charged Brynna and Adam, and I feared that it would be over before it had even begun. All four of those formidable opponents charging them at once would surely be impossible for them to overcome. But it was not over that quickly. Adam wrapped his arms around Brynna’s middle, lifted her high into the air over his head, and threw her with all his might towards the wall before they could strike him. As she flew through the air, he wrapped two of the men in a headlock with each of his arms, but by the time she had reached the top tier of the weapons stores, the huge man had tackled Adam around the middle, and his grip on the other two men was forced to release. The woman grabbed one of the arrowhead-like daggers from the bottom store and ran over, slashing at him wildly. Twice, she cut his face, getting dangerously close to his eyes, but each time, he turned away, dodging just barely. My eyes were fixed on him, filling with tears against my will, even though I had no attachment to him, or at least I did not think I did. But I was ready to cry, watching as he took hits in the stomach from the strong man’s boot, as his face was cut by the knife, as the Unallied man stood back, laughing… Everyone was watching him, everyone was worried that soon, he would be gone, or, if they were loyal to Tyre, they were anxiously awaiting the moment that he was gone. He flipped them off of him twice, got a few punches in, but then the huge man would kick him back to the ground, and the woman would come flying at him with her arrowhead, even more enraged than before.
When Brynna dropped to the ground, holding with ease a knife as tall and heavy as she was, the crowd roared with cheers. In both hands, she raised that knife, making it look as light as a baseball bat, and swung with all her might. She did not grunt or grimace, she merely scowled as the blade found her target, the huge man, and cut halfway through his thick, muscled torso. The man tried to turn to her, not thinking about which direction he was turning, and the blade cut into him even more deeply; it was burrowed at least a foot inside of his abdomen now. The other three opponents were in such a state of shock at her strength and brutality, and at the spray of blood from the large man, and at the way she ripped the sword from inside of him with no mercy. They were so shocked that they were paying Adam no mind. The large man dropped to his knees, his blood splattering all over her, staining every inch of her red, and she held the monstrous blade at her side for a moment, watching him as he tried to staunch the bleeding, as he began to realize the futility of it, and then, as the crowd began to stomp in unison, and the chant of “Reine, Reine, Reine,” began as a quiet murmur but began to rise to a hungry shout, she spun gracefully in a circle, bringing the blade up as she completed the turn and then, with the force gathered from that quickened spin, she brought that blade down perfectly through his throat, severing his head from his neck in one whack and sending it flying through the air up into the crowd, who caught it eagerly and threw it back to her.
Once she had caught it in one hand, she held it by the top of the man’s hair and raised it up for all of us to see.
They roared. Applause, cheers, whistles, and actual animal roars sounded, and the stomping seemed to get louder as the crowd ate up the violence and brutality of it, as they marveled at how epically powerful they presumed her to be. All around me, fangs were exposed, even Jason’s, even Rohanna’s, and to my absolute horror, when I saw them all, my own fangs emerged for the very time, and I felt my eyes as they flickered over to the bright white of the hunting gaze. The energy of the room flowed into me, filling me up with the desire to watch them win, to watch them destroy these evil pawns of Tyre, the man who had taken my parents from me, whose laws would have bound me by marriage to Caspar, who had placed me there in that prison, who had shot me while I was still within my birth mother’s belly… I had seen the scar on Brynna’s lower abdomen; I knew what he had done, and I wanted to watch Brynna and Adam kill the men Tyre had put his faith in.
Because that was who they were. That was why they were so loved. They were the faces of opposition to Tyre’s reign. They were the most prolific figures standing against him. They were rebellion, and insolence, and loyalty to the ways of freedom that they had enjoyed before the Fall. They were anarchy. 
“Come on!” I screamed, over the roar of the crowd. “Kill them!”
The woman over top of Adam was still distracted. He snatched the small dagger from her hand and without hesitation, thrust the blade up beneath her chin, into her mouth from below. The chanting changed from “Reine!” to “Rex!” immediately, as he pushed her off of him, ripped the knife out, and slashed her throat with it. By then, the Unallied man had regained his senses and tackled Brynna around the middle. She crashed onto the ground with a thud and a crack, and though everyone gasped or exclaimed in horror, she still did not grimace in pain or cry out. My suddenly enhanced hearing homed in on them, drowning out the shouts of “Rex! Rex! Rex!” from the crowd, and as the Unallied man’s hands ran hungrily up and down her body as she tried to get back up, as she fought him, Adam charged across that arena with a roar that shook the room. The Unallied man was against the wall, his hands were ripped from his wrists, and his head was crushed in before he had even realized that he was no longer on top of her. Then, Adam was back beside Brynna, ushering her onto her feet carefully, steadying her once she was upright again. 
“Where is the fourth?” I heard her ask somewhat breathlessly, and they looked up to see the man climbing the walls with such a lack of agility that it was actually hilarious. 
“I have this.” She told him, but he grasped her hand to stop her from walking forward.
“You are injured.” He said.
“I am fine. Watch.” She reached down to take the small dagger from his hand, and then, she walked over to the cabinet and grabbed two more.
“Brain, spine, heart.” She told him, and he chuckled softly to himself and stood back. The man had reached the cabinet he had been searching for, the one that held gigantic two-pronged claw-like objects. But he had not reached it or scurried back down fast enough. In a blink, Brynna had thrown the three daggers, perfectly hitting him in the back of the head, in the heart, and through the middle of his spine. He crashed to the ground, dead before he hit. 
The crowd that I thought could not become more ravenous became so. They were screeching, roaring, stomping, banging their fists against the wooden railings that surrounded the viewing area platforms, their voices shouting, “Reine! Rex!” interchangeably. He wrapped his arms around her middle from behind, and I thought that she was shaking slightly, but I was so drunk on the sight of them, on the sight of the dead men and the dead woman on the ground, utterly destroyed, that I did not worry myself over whether she was shaking or not.
“May we have the grand finale now, Warden?!” Brynna shouted up at him, and the crowd went silent just like that, though the palpable rabid energy was still felt by all of us throughout the room. 
“Oh, yes.” He replied, “Tyre, you will love this. These creatures are yours, after all.” 
The last door, the thickest one, rose, revealing a hulking shape, eight and a half feet tall, long, scraggly black hair, black eyes, clad in fur and armor. A Dark Giant. I had never seen one, and apparently, neither had the rest of the crowd, or perhaps they were just shocked to see one standing down below them, staring down their two heroes. They were even more terrifying than I ever could have imagined. Truly, just the sight of it standing there chilled my blood to the last drop, and yet I could not look away. The room was silent as every eye stayed fixed upon it, but then, when it charged, it was as though some invisible hand had turned the volume of the room immediately back up to the highest level. The screaming, roaring, and chanting began anew, just as loud as before, if not louder. 
The Dark Giant was surprisingly agile. With one huge arm, it scooped Brynna out of Adam’s grasp, lifted her above his head, and slammed her hard onto the ground before Adam had even realized that she was no longer in his arms. Her head slammed against the ground, and when the beast ripped into her with its short black claws, she did let out a soft grunt, but not a moan. Her hands came up, and with all of her strength, she punched him twice but only broke more bones, this time her fingers. She managed to scoot her way out from under him, and after flipping onto her stomach gracefully, she kicked her foot back twice into the ugly thing’s face, breaking its nose but doing little other damage. Scrambling up the wall, she found a slightly larger dagger as the Dark Giant threw a charging Adam back into one of the other walls with almost a snort of laughter. To him, even the great Rexprimus was nothing. Brynna turned, swaying on her feet but still keeping her back straight, her eyes hard, her expression set in stone as she threw the knife directly at the creature’s forehead. It swung its hand, again with surprisingly responsive reflexes, and knocked the knife out of the air where it clattered to the ground. As it continued to charge towards her, she threw another knife, and then another, and each was dodged by the creature with ease. Finally, the last knife in the cabinet was thrown and found its target’s forehead, but even a knife straight through the brain did not slow the creature down. It merely snorted and shook its head back and forth until the knife fell out and clanged onto the floor with the rest. Then, it resumed its charge, and Brynna, seemingly resigning herself to die with dignity (or at least that’s what her thoughts said), stood up straighter, preparing to be crushed against the wall.
But while the Dark Giant was agile, Adam was more so. He had grabbed the huge sword that Brynna had used on the large man, and with so much force that the muscles and veins and tendons in his huge arms flexed, he swung the blade into the beast’s side, throwing it off of its path. It stumbled away, turned easily mid-stumble, and began to charge again, but Adam had already dove back in front of Brynna. With one hand, he held up that monstrous blade, because his other arm was draped back, across her, keeping her pressed gently to the wall, protecting her. The monster ran towards them, but Adam raised the blade, held it out, and just like that, the fight was over. The Dark Giant was impaled, it dropped to its knees, Adam ripped the knife from its middle, and hacked off its head with one chop. The crowd screamed even louder. I screamed even louder, cheering with everything, with tears running down my cheeks, while my whole body shook with laughter and sobs, and Jason, Rohanna, Yumi, Rael, and I were standing with our arms around each other, cheering and crying and chanting along with the crowd, as Adam and Brynna moved into the center of the ring, standing up tall, their hands clasped and raised to the sky, both beaming. When the door opened to let them out of the ring, they walked out, hand-in-hand, waving to us all. I swear, if any of us had had roses, they would have been thrown with gusto at their feet. 
As we filed out of the arena, everyone was either talking loudly about how epic the fight had been or still chanting. But as I walked out of the room, my eyes found Tyre, Rich, Mary, Paul, and the Warden. As the Guards filed out, looking sour, the Big Five stood in a loose circle, speaking quietly. Tyre’s face was red, and so were his eyes. He was not shouting. From the relaxation of his face, I could see that he was mainly calm, but as we passed, I once again homed in using my advanced hearing.
“Do not let another man run his hands over her like that.” Tyre was saying to his brother, and I was shocked, because I had thought that his anger was the result of Adam and Brynna winning the fight, and not the result of the way that either of them had been treated during it. 
“I cannot control what happens in the Coliseum, as you very well know, brother.” The Warden replied, sounding bored.
“You can. You should have had your guards shoot him the moment he touched her that way.” 
“Well, it is over now, and your precious girl has lived.”
“Lived?” Paul asked with a sound that was half a derisive snicker, half snort, “It seems to me that she has thrived. As many of these fights that she has won, she has gathered herself quite the following, hasn’t she? It is very dangerous, Warden. Very dangerous, indeed.”
“As long as they are locked away, they are not dangerous, Paul.” Tyre hissed, “Send the Elohimsons some Slumber Root and a bottle of the best drink in your stores, and brother?”
The Warden’s unarming gaze turned to him, and he looked especially menacing even when he looked like the typical petulant younger sibling.
“Though you said it with such derision, I will tell you that she is my precious girl. You will do well not to forget that.”

Brynna
My body was begging to give in, but my stubborn mind would not allow it. The guards walking us back to Adam’s room were not friends of James, and therefore, they were loyal to the Warden and to Tyre. My broken ribs throbbed excruciatingly with each step, and even in Adam’s very gentle grip, my broken fingers were aching. I knew that he would heal me as soon as we were inside, but there were worse injuries inflicted upon me that night besides the broken bones and the bruises. Fighting for my life, though I had made it appear like I found the whole ordeal to be hugely thrilling, was traumatic, to say the least, and killing even those who deserved it brought me only small joy. More than anything, it brought me relief, and I was certainly relieved that Adam and I had survived once again, but my body was wrought with pain, and my skin prickled disgustingly where the Unallied man’s hands had groped me, and all I wanted was to fall into my husband and feel him holding me, and to hear his voice comforting me. Over our twenty-three years together, I had moved further and further away from the idea of self-soothing, though I was certainly still capable of doing so. But being married to Adam, and having him as the one constant presence in my life, and as my undefeatable support system, had made me reliant upon him and his comfort. He knew when I needed his comfort, and he knew when I needed my space. He knew that over the years, I had moved away from needing my space into needing his comfort more and more, and that was fine by him, and fine by me.
My mind was swimming in dark thoughts and darker memories as we walked. Steeling my mind to the entry of Adam’s mind was easy enough, considering how overwhelmed I suddenly felt by the flickering images in my head. They were spinning like a roulette wheel, those images. I could almost hear the clicking of the wheel’s stopper as each memory passed by. Finally, the wheel stopped spinning, landing on the memory I least wished to remember in that moment. 
After a particularly brutal fight, in which I had spent almost half an hour fighting in water that was gushing in from the domed ceiling of the Arena, I killed my opponent by holding her under the water with just my legs. Now, this was after we had already fought physically, so I was bruised, bleeding, and exhausted once the fight ended, but most importantly, I was in desperate need of Adam. The Warden had never failed to send me to my husband’s room after a fight, perhaps as a reward for giving the prison populace such an exciting viewing experience. But that night, I was brought to his room instead. 
The door closed after the Warden had waved his hand to tell the guards to leave. Immediately, he rushed to me, wrapped me in his arms, and crushed his mouth against mine. I gasped as his tongue attacked my tongue, and as his hands held my body to his so tightly that I could barely breathe. He had never kissed me, and after that night, he never would again. As strange as it sounds, the kiss felt like more of a betrayal to James and Adam than sex with him did. 
“I worried for you this round.” He told me, as his lips moved down to my neck and began to kiss and suck feverishly, with no skill or precision at all. The kisses were forceful, the sucks even more so, and I shuddered terribly when I thought of how the purple marks he sometimes left on me would be darkened almost to black if he continued to suck on my neck so hard. 
I suppose I should clarify that the Warden was not a bad lover so much as he was too focused on his own power. He was too subconsciously (or perhaps consciously, I do not know) focused on making it known that I was the subordinate and he was the master. He held the power, and I did not, so when he kissed me, he did so more to feel the touch of his lips on my skin than for me to feel them there, and when he had sex with me, he did so quickly, almost as though he wanted to finish before I could even come close to finishing, not that I ever could. That night, though, there was something different about him; he was trying to arouse me, to make me want him, though I had told him before that nothing he could ever do would make me want him, and he had said that he did not care. But that night, he lifted me and carried me over to his desk, where he laid me down and began to remove my pants. 
“I worried for you,” He said, in between the feverish kisses, “I almost called it off, but that would have given us away, and we cannot have that. But it is not just my relief that you are alive that drove me to bring you here. It is that I have never seen a fight so brutal, nor have I ever seen a warrior so skilled. And you are a woman. A bloody woman has brought me to my knees this night. I needed to have you. But…” His lips began to creep down my stomach, “But only this way. This way they tell me you love. My guards. They say they have heard how you moan so loudly that you practically scream when Adam’s tongue is buried between your legs. I have never done it before, because we are forbidden, for it is unclean to do so…”
But how many women’s mouths had been around his cock, to put it bluntly? Our womanly parts were “unclean” and therefore unfit to sully their pure and holy mouths, but their manly parts were as clean and holy as the rest of them, and therefore, we ladies should have been more than happy to wrap our mouths around them.
I do apologize. This all still makes me angry.
He had looked at me, his eyes alight in the glow of the torches.
“We are not meant to give up our power to any of you in this way, but I will tonight. I will because I worship you, Brynna Elohimson.” He had whispered breathlessly, “This night, I lay myself at your feet. I lay myself before the altar of you, and I am yours to command.” He began to work my underwear down my legs, but my knees pulled into my chest to stop him from burrowing his face between my legs.
“I want to go to Adam.” I had said, though I knew that I was risking angering him greatly.
He had looked up at me, surprised, because he had thought that his appeal to me was somehow erotic, that it was making me want him as much as he wanted me. I knew that if I did not want to suffer any of the ill effects of his rage, I had better explain.
“I am so used to being with him after a fight, and I was afraid that I would not see him again, because I was worried during this fight, as well. Just like you were. There were a few times when I really thought that I was going to lose. Let me go back to him. Please, Warden.”
He had stood up, smoothed his hair back into place, and looked away from me, his face very slightly contorted into an expression of confusion. But beneath it, I had seen, for a moment, a flash of hurt. He had taken me to Adam, and once I had been behind the barred doors of my husband’s room, Adam had rushed to me, and I had rushed to him, and holding him with my arms was not even enough that night; I had to scurry up his strong torso and latch myself onto him with my legs, as well. 
Obviously, I had not told him what the Warden had done because that would have given us away. But the consequences of spurning him after he had laid himself before me so eagerly would make themselves known, I knew, and that scared me. Adam whispered to me so many times that I was safe, but I knew that neither he nor I were truly safe. After a while of hearing it, though, I began to believe it, just a little, and that was enough to calm me. That and him had been enough to calm me.
So when we were finally locked inside of his cell after our fight with the Unallied man, the large man, the woman, and the Reaper, my body gave itself up to him. The night was meant to be filled with sex made even sweeter by our triumphant victory (or at least that is what our rabid fans imagined in their beds), and it would be, but not until I was calmed and healed. 
With ease, he scooped my legs out from under me and carried me in his arms to the bed.
“No, I am bloody, don’t mess up the blanket.”
“I do not care one bit about the blanket, my beauty, and you know it.” 
He laid me down, and very gently maneuvered me out of my clothes. His eyes ran down my naked body, assessing the damage done, and I laid still, wanting to sleep, as he began to heal me. His healing power filled me up with the most potent feeling of peace, because it was his love that enabled him to heal me with just a touch of his hands or his lips. That night, he healed me with his lips, first by pressing them to my broken fingers.
“Not yet, my love.” He whispered softly, “You cannot sleep until I heal your head.”
“So tired.” I whispered, as his lips moved up to my forehead. “But I want to take a bath.”
“I know, and you will.” He kissed me down my chest, finding each bruise and healing it, and then, he kissed each broken rib, holding his lips there for a long second each time. Then, he kissed me slowly up my chest, stopping to gently enclose his mouth over each of my breasts, because though I was tired, I had never been tired enough after a fight to not want him. When his lips pulled my nipples back, sucking gently, my breaths came in a little more deeply and a little more slowly. My legs fell open, and I took his hand and slid two of his fingers into me as my breasts heaved further into his mouth. 
“Are you in pain, my love?” He whispered after his lips had found their way to my ear. His fingers were gently moving in and out of me, curling up slightly to find my spot so easily. A sigh left me, and my hips rose as his fingers slid in and fell as his fingers slid out. I shook my head, and when his finger ran along my jawline and turned my head, I returned his soft kiss.
“No pain.” I whispered when our lips broke apart for just a second, “Not anymore.”
My head tilted back further against the pillows, and my breasts pushed further into the air, as he positioned himself in front of me and spread my legs as wide as they could go. His fingers were no longer working on me, and the heaviness of my desire for him and my need to come were almost painful, in the best way possible. I reached out between my open legs and undid his belt buckle and zipper in a blur, and with both hands, I grasped hold of him, finding him already hard, as I always did. The sight of me was enough for him. The feeling of my smooth skin and my soft breasts under his hands, of my erect nipples between his lips, or of my lips beneath his lips was enough for him. 
I was so ready for him, because after a fight I was always ready. As I watched the men and women I killed die before me, at my hands, or as I watched him crush the life out of men and women, I began to picture my body entwined with his, my legs wrapped around his strong torso, his tongue between my thighs… It was where I felt safest. He was the calm, cool center of my chaotic world, and I was his. In our bed, with our naked bodies clutched together, we were safe. Our bed was our oasis. 
But that night, a beast found its way into our safe haven. I remembered the man’s hands on me for just one second, and that one second was enough to break apart the warmth inside of me and fill me up with cold.
“No,” Adam whispered gently, and his strong, warm body came down to press against mine, “I know, my love. Look at me. Look at me now.”
I did. My eyes met his stunning green ones, and my rapidly throbbing heart slowed back down to a normal beat. 
“It is just you and me, sweetheart.” He told me, “I would kill him again and again for you.”
“I know. I want you, Adam. Don’t stop. Please. I want you.”
“Shh…” He kissed me, “I know. Your heart is calming. It was just a slight shock.” 
“I’m sorry.” I whispered, because how many times did the poor man have to deal with my emotional breakdowns? How many times over our twenty-three year marriage had I remembered Michael, or my father, or that man, Ray, in the woods, and how many times had Adam held me and rocked me back and forth, and told me that I was safe? How much could one man take?
“Stop that.” He told me, and his voice was a strange mix of firmness and gentleness that only he could master, “I love you more than my own life, and I would do anything for you. You know this. I would die for you, my love. Truly. With not a second thought. Nothing could ever drive me away from you. You are the love of my eternal life. Do not think that comforting you is a chore for me, or that it is somehow inconveniencing me. I love you, and I do not care about anything but ensuring that you are happy and safe. Alright?”
I nodded, and a tear fell from my eyes, because I knew that all he had said was true.
“I know. I love you so much, Adam Elohimson. Even now, after all these years, I love you.”
“I know you do. I know it every day, my love.” 
“Good. Now make sweet love to me.”
He laughed softly and kissed me hard.
“As you command, my queen.”
Despite the brief hiccup in which my mind had become muddled by what had happened with the Unallied man, Adam was able to make me come twice in a row, first while my legs were up on his shoulders and he was thrusting into me from the front, and the second time after he had flipped me over, pulled me so my back was against his chest, and let me get myself off by bouncing on him until I came. Both times, I rose, climaxed, and descended quickly, because now that my body was healed, my mind was focused only on him. After the second orgasm had left me almost in tears from the sheer intensity of it, he laid me down.
“You were quick tonight.” I told him as he laid down beside me.
“I would apologize, but I made sure to hold off until you were ready.”
“I know you did, you sweet, selfless, perfect man.” I told him with a grin, and he chuckled and kissed me. “I try to hold off, but you know me: I see your strong, manly face and your chiseled abs, and your gray hair, and your beautiful eyes, and that is all it takes. Impossibly handsome older men like yourself just get my loins stirring, as they say.”
“Do we?” He asked, “Well, I am glad your loins are stirred, and it is strange, because as it turns out, impossibly beautiful younger women like yourself stir my loins.”
“Oh, you are so sweet.” I told him, and I pulled him down to me so I could kiss him, “I would live such a passionless life if I did not have my two older men and my one older woman living between my legs.”
“Would it be passionless? I do not like to think of you in such a state. Would a young man truly leave you feeling passionless?”
I looked at him, my brows furrowed and my lips pursed in a look of judgment that was only partly jocular. 
“May I be very vulgar with you?” I asked.
“Oh, by all means. You are so rarely vulgar, and when you are, it never fails to entertain me.”
“Good. Alright, are you ready?”
“I am.”
“How do I put this eloquently, and yet with the vulgarity I just promised you? Alright, I have it: The sight of boys my age makes my vagina dryer than the Mojave, sweetheart.” 
He snorted through his nose, and then, he was laughing harder than he had in a while. He had been lying on his side as I talked to him, but he rolled over onto his back and clutched his stomach as he laughed.
“Oh, Brynna…” He said when he began to calm down, “By the One God, you keep me on my toes, as they say.”
“I try, darling.” I said, “She…” I framed my aforementioned vagina with both hands, “does this when she sees young men,” I held my hand up to the side, and then turned my head abruptly in the opposite direction, “She is very particular. Unless one is almost totally perfect, a firestorm combination of intelligence, good humor, protectiveness, kindness, and devilish good looks, she is utterly uninterested. In fact, she is repulsed.”
“Poor girl.” He said, “But surely young men courted you on Earth.”
“No one ‘courted’ me, my beautiful old geezer, because it was the twenty-first century.”
He laughed again, a little harder.
“You will pardon me, my dear, but one hazard of dating ‘old geezers’ is that we use turns of phrase that were popular in the past but are no longer in use.”
“Yes, and though that is a hazard, it is also a benefit. I find it charming.”
“Well, I am glad. Tell me about these young men.”
“There is not much to tell.” I said through a sigh, “Eli’s friends, mostly, because he and I went to school together. I could not even pretend that I was attracted or interested. The few guys I deigned to ‘date’ for all of five minutes I tolerated. I did not have sex with any of them, because I could not, Adam. Literally. I could not even fathom it.”
“Never?”
I shook my head.
“Is that strange?” I asked, somewhat self-consciously, which was strange, because I was rarely self-conscious. But my complete lack of sex drive before I had met James had always worried me. Of course, I had just assumed that I was a lesbian, but then there was that pesky desire for older men that made me think I was somehow, sickeningly, made attracted to them by my past, or because I was lacking a father figure. 
“Of course not, my love.” He assured me, “Every human-like creature on any planet anywhere in this universe has their attractions and desires. They are instilled in us from birth, or they are fostered throughout our lives. Regardless of how they come to be, they are there, and they are alright, in most cases.”
“It was so adamant, though. These boys were good-looking. Girls would go gaga over them. They were football players like Eli, or they were these cute intellectual boys who were super arrogant but super sensitive, too. The sensitive part made me particularly ill, not because I require men to behave in a stereotypically manly way, but because I did not want to carry my own emotional baggage as well as the emotional baggage of these young men. It was hardly emotional baggage, anyway. Most of them were raised with silver spoons in their mouths, as they say, and…” I stopped, took a breath, and shook my head, “I am off the point.”
“Yes, and I do so love watching as your mind diverges and then converges once again. It is truly fascinating, watching that tremendous mind of yours work.”
“Well, thank you.” I said, “I am glad one of us is entertained. What was I even saying? Oh, right: physical attraction, or lack thereof. Physically, I felt not even the slightest stirring. For women, I felt stirrings. Plenty of them. Rachel had me from the moment I saw her smile. But those boys… Though we never had sex, I let a few of them kiss me, and if you knew how it felt, Adam. Well, maybe you do. I don’t know.”
“Tell me how it felt, sweetheart.”
“I just hated it. I would dread it. And I thought, ‘Okay, it’s because Michael used to kiss me. It’s all psychologically linked back to the abuse I suffered as a child,’ which, in its own way, is normal. It is normal for the situation. We would be driving back to my house, and they would walk me to the door like perfect gentlemen, and instead of saying ‘no’ and going inside, I would force myself to kiss them, and they would hold me and kiss me hard or softly, with tongue, without, and I just hated it. Some of these guys, I really liked. But when they kissed me, it felt so wrong. It felt so disgusting. And after the third or fourth or fifth guy, I realized that it had nothing to do with Michael. It had to do with me. I could not look at these young, attractive, intelligent guys and feel anything but tolerance or distaste, depending on the guys. It would not be strange if it had not been so emphatic, if it had not felt like the absolute antithesis of any rational idea I had ever had about how I would feel with a guy, with the right guy. Without all of that, it would not have been so strange.”
“It is not strange, Brynna.” He told me gently, “You cannot fight for whom you feel that spark. And why should you? As long as there are no unsavory circumstances—and you know to which I am referring—then why should anyone fight for whom they feel that spark?”
“I agree with you wholeheartedly.” I told him, “And none of those old-world issues matter anymore. I met James, I fell in love with him, and he got my loins a-stirring. Then I met you, you got my loins a-stirring, and I fell in love with you.” 
“In that order with both of us?”
“Yes.”
“I am shocked that the Prancing Pony did not get your loins a-stirring first.”
“Oh, stop!” I said, but I was smiling, “You two have been doing so well. And believe me, I was physically attracted to him. I thought he was one of the most handsome men I had ever seen. But I was afraid of him, too. I did not want him to get close to me, for his sake, certainly, but more for my own. But he did, and before I could even imagine acting on my a-stirring loins, I had to love him, and that happened very quickly, and twenty-five years later, I still love him, so obviously it was not a flash in the pan, despite the fact that it happened within the space of a month. With you, I saw you, and I wanted you. I thought I hated you, but I did not. When we were in the woods together, I wanted you so badly that it hurt, Adam. Over our time in Shadow Village, I only wanted you more. With both you and James, I experienced this wild attraction that was just insatiable. It still is insatiable. I never thought I would feel that for anyone. I was afraid that I would live my whole life without ever feeling that for someone. I was so afraid of a passionless life.”
“But you are unafraid of that now.”
“Yes.” I said with a smile as I leaned in to kiss him, “I have passion in abundance.”
He sat up, pressed his forehead to mine, and rested one of his hands on one side of my neck, the way he always did. Even after so many years, it still sent a surge of warmth through me, a rush of absolute, perfect calm. His lips very gently brushed over mine, and when his tongue dipped into my mouth, mine found it eagerly. 
“See?” I told him, as he came down to kiss my neck, “I don’t want to run away. I was not dreading you doing that; I was waiting for it.” 
As he kissed my neck, he gently pushed me backwards so I was lying with my back propped up on the pillow. He rose up over top of me, kissing and sucking my neck so gently that I felt a soft, gentle prickling, first around my ears, and then cascading slowly down my back, through my arms and legs, but pulling most sensuously right where his fingers had just slipped in slowly. 
My breaths were slowing and getting deeper, but still, I kept talking, because he was still listening. 
“I love… how you know when I’m ready. How you know when I want you. I love… how you know when I want you to tease me… when I want it hard and fast… or when I want it slowly… I love that you take your time… How…” My words dissolved into a long moan when his face burrowed deeply between my legs and his tongue began to work its magic. 
“Tell me, my love.” He whispered, and the feeling of his breath against my hot and wet lower anatomy made my moans intensify. 
“How every time… you… can… make… me…” 
A half-moan, half-sob escaped me when I came. My upper body thrust forward, my breasts pulling up towards the ceiling, pulling the rest of me with it. He held his tongue even harder to the spot that had made me come, and a tear fell from each of my eyes as the orgasm intensified. Just as it had acted by its own will when I had risen, my body collapsed after the orgasm tapered off. 
That magic tongue ran up my stomach and around both of my nipples, flicking over them slowly. 
“I love…” He said, “That you are insatiable. I love how each time we have made love over the past twenty-three years has somehow been better than the time before.” His lips enclosed over my left breast gently, “I love how you breathe out my name, how you moan and sigh while you come for me.” He came up and kissed my lips, and for the last declaration, he looked into my eyes. “I love that I have been so fortunate as to be one for whom you feel that passion. I love that most of all.”
“I love you most of all.” I told him, and he smiled and kissed me. “I love you so much that I do not want to be away from you, so come get in the bath with me.”
Very gently, he kissed my lips, and then, he lifted me into his arms.
“As you wish, my love.”
***
The knock on our door came while we were standing in the middle of his room, half dressed, engaged in a rather intense round of what Violet had once referred to, quite hilariously, as “tonsil hockey.” We had been so sure that we were fully exhausted, but then, halfway through whatever conversation we had been having while we were getting dressed, he had brushed against me, or I against him, and for whatever reason, that was enough. We were kissing rather passionately, and my hand had just slipped into his boxers when the knock came, and I broke away from him for a second to yell, “We don’t want any!” but the knock came again, even more insistently, before I could re-attach my mouth to my husband’s. 
“By the One God, damn them.” Adam murmured, “Just a moment.” 
I threw on a shirt, and he pulled up his black pajama pants just as the door opened. James was the one coming in, and in his hand was a large bottle of some jet-black liquid. 
“Tyre asked that this be dropped off.” He said very formally, which told both Adam and me that there were other guards, the ones who were loyal to Tyre, within earshot.
“Oh, fantastic.” I said, “Poison!”
“It was checked.” He said, and I knew that it had been he who had checked it, so I looked through the door to see that the other guards were distracted and squeezed his hand. He looked back, saw that the guards were literally turned away, so he brought my hand to his lips and kissed it silently. Our eyes stayed fixed, and Adam’s respectfully looked away, because in that look, James was telling me of his relief that I was still alive, and that he had been worried I would not be as he watched the fight. I smiled, and he did, too. Then, he left, but only after he had kissed my hand again. 
“What is this, baby?” I asked Adam as I observed the bottle.
“That is Black Beauty.”
“Ew…” I murmured, and gingerly, as though it might explode, which it would not, I placed the bottle on the mantle. “I don’t want that.”
“Nor do I.” He replied.
“Why is he sending us Black Beauty?”
“He probably thinks we need to relax after the fight. Little does he know, we have our own ways of relaxing after a fight.”
“Oh, yes we do.” I said with a slight giggle as I pulled back the comforter and laid in the sheets that smelled so like him. He crawled into bed beside me, and once he had laid down, I rested my head on his chest as I always did, and as they always did, his arms came up to wrap around me as I closed my eyes. 
“He told me Tyre is going to call on me tomorrow.” 
“Well, you know the drill, as they say: if you feel you are out of your depth, call out to me, and I will be by your side in a moment.”
“With a pile of bodies in your wake.”
“Exactly.” 
“What could he want?”
“Oh, more than likely to make sure that you are alright, my dear. He is very sensitive about you. You will be fine. I know it.”
I nodded.
“Let’s hope he left his guns on land.” I said, and my hand traveled by its own will to the scar on my lower abdomen. Adam grasped that hand, brought it to his lips, and kissed it.
“For his sake, I do hope so.”
***
The next morning, as the sun broke over the horizon and began to fill Adam’s room with the warm light of dawn, as the bell on the ship’s clock tower tolled once, two guards came to take me to Tyre. Adam kissed me, whispered that if I needed him, I was to call out to him, and then, I was ushered away. I was desperately in need of coffee, or perhaps I was in need of more sleep; despite having my husband’s warm, strong body pressed to mine all night, I had had restless dreams of walking out into the ocean, tumbling down the ocean shelf into the black water, and feeling the sharks—huge, hollow-eyed, with razor-sharp teeth—and the other creatures of the sea descending upon me. Was it a premonition? I could not be sure, though it sure felt like one. Whether it was or was not was irrelevant; I could still feel my eyes squeezing shut, not wanting to watch as those shadowy creatures approached and attacked, not wanting to feel my lungs screaming for breath as I sunk further and further into the crushing sea. And all the while, words floated in the water before me, words that made my fear bleed out of me into the water, which only brought those hungry, dark creatures closer. I read the words, but they did not stick in my memory. I had awoken, trying to remember through the fear in my heart what the words had said, and I could only remember the first part:
The one you have loved the longest…
But I did not know what would happen to that person, and I did not want to speculate as to who it was I had loved the longest, though I assumed, in terms of prophecies from beyond the known realm, they would be referring to the two men in my life, so if it was the man I had loved the longest…
James.
Panic threatened to seize me, but I would not allow it. Not when I needed my wits about me as I met with Tyre. Turn it off, Brynna, Maura’s voice said, Focus. 
For once, some sound advice from her. 
I was so distracted by my hazy, half-awake yet already totally frenzied thoughts that when the door of Tyre’s quarters opened, my mind took several seconds to process the disturbing sight before me.
Apparently, the door opening had not shocked him immediately, because as the two guards and I stood in the doorway, he kept thrusting himself into the woman for a few more seconds. The chains keeping her hands bound above her head rattled as he pushed, and her head was lolling forward and to the side, her eyes closed, eyebrows downturned, tears streaming down her cheeks, very soft, almost inaudible high-pitched squeals escaping her. 
“By the one God!” He exclaimed, his voice a mix of scandalized shock and violent rage. “Get out!”
The two guards started to pull me backwards, but I shook them off, and walked out of the office before they had even turned around.
It’s not your problem, Brynna, I thought, wondering if my mother’s voice or Maura’s voice would chime in with agreement or scoff at my coldness. Maura had been so eager to speak a few moments earlier, and now, she was absent again. 
Your only problem is to survive, My mind continued, and to make sure that Penny, James, Adam, Janna, Illa, Rael, and Tony survive. 
Another voice—perhaps it was Rachel’s, one of my Rachel’s, distant-past or recent-past—asked:
What about Grace?
And Grace. My mind conceded, so readily that it shocked me.
Tyre threw open the door, his fingers furiously buttoning his perfectly pressed white shirt. 
“I said the second chime, you imbeciles!” He spat at the guards, “Brynna, I do apologize. Please, come in.” 
My legs carried me inside, and for a moment, I wondered if it was even my brain directing them to move. I felt out of my own control, and yet my mind was calm and hazy, in the same way that I made others’ minds calm and hazy when they were under my control. Perhaps I was just tired. Perhaps I was in shock from what I had seen with Tyre. Perhaps my mind was distracted still in trying to convince myself that this faceless woman was not my problem. The last part was very easy, because I had gotten used to prioritizing the lives of all those around me. If the life did not belong to one of the people I loved, then I did not care. I could not care. The second I tried altruism, there in that harsh and dangerous setting, I would be killed, and then I would be unable to protect them, or they would be killed before me, and I would fall through space forever in my grief. No one was my problem but the ones I loved. They were mine to protect, and everyone else had to care for themselves. End of story. You could say it was selfish if it were only my life that I was protecting, but it was not. I protected myself and my family above all others, and what would you have done?
I was in the room, alone with the woman while Tyre stood just outside, fussing at the guard’s for their idiotic inability to tell time. Her eyes were wide, stuck on me so firmly that her gaze burned into my skin, into my soul. To show that I did not care, that I would not be her savior, I tried staring back into that prickling gaze, but when her face contorted, and she began to cry into the thick cloth Tyre had tied in her mouth, I looked away slowly, like it was not her tears that had forced me to divert my gaze but boredom. I could still see her in the corner of my eye, her eyes stuck on me still, even as she cried uncontrollably. At first, the sounds coming from her were merely soft sobs, but then, as I saw in my peripheral vision, her jaw was moving up and down, as she tried to talk to me. 
Don’t listen. Shut her out. She just wants your help.
But it was one word she was saying. One word. Over and over. 
“Brynna.”
Now, it had been twenty-odd years since Paul had tempted me with my mother’s life, so the chances of her still being alive after being imprisoned for so long were slim to none, as they say. But hearing my name on this bound woman’s bound lips gave me pause. What if it was her? What if Tyre bringing me to his office was all for this, so I could sit before the mother I had not seen in a quarter of a century, and tragically but not surprisingly, be unable to recognize her? Perhaps he wanted to see how permanent my deletion of her had been, if the sight of her would restore her to my memory or if it would not. If that was what he wanted to know, he would get his answer, and it was resolute: If this woman was my mother, I did not recognize her. Her hair was dark brown, as my mother’s had been, and her eyes were blue, and if I had to speculate (and I am terrible at determining if a child looks like a parent, and heaven forbid anyone ask me to determine if it is the mother or the father like which the child looks more), I would say that her blue eyes were similar in shape to mine. But so what? Blue, almond-shaped eyes and dark brown hair? Oh, and the age. She was about my mother’s age. But how many forty-something year old women had blue, almond-shaped eyes and brown hair? She was not trying to speak anymore, but she was still looking at me and crying. My mother’s angry voice, from many, many years earlier, told me that I was a sociopath. I was incapable of feeling human emotions, so seeing human emotions made me sick. She had told me all of that after I had not been moved by one of her passionate, tear-filled declarations of love for Lucien, and after yet another one of her reminders of how terribly she missed him. I had told her, coldly, as always, that the reason why I felt nothing was because a) she was drunk, b) her declaration of love for Lucien was coupled with the proclamation that I should have died instead, which was quite rude to say, and c) I was preoccupied by how ugly her face looked when she cried. She had swung on me, one of those slow, almost lazy drunken swings, and missed me by a foot. Her hand, finding no stopping point, had fallen across her at her side, spinning her, and she had lost her balance before crumpling to the floor. I remembered being besieged by the urge to kick her as hard as I could, to hurt her, not because of the things she had said about me, but because she was so pathetic. I would say that like a pathetic dog, she deserved to be kicked by me, but I would not kick a dog. I would kick her, though, so what does that say? That I am a sociopath? That she was right? Maybe. Or maybe I just hated her. Except I didn’t. I don’t.
Tyre came in then, and immediately, I asked, “Who is your friend, Tyre?”
“Oh, please do not worry yourself over her.” He walked past her to get behind his desk, which she was bound beside. As he passed her, he kissed her forehead, and gently squeezed her, right on her hip, like a reassurance. “She ran from me, and now she is paying her price, but it will be over soon, my sweetheart.” He told her, and I pointedly looked away when he kissed her again. 
“Does she really have to be in here with us?”
“She has been there for forty-one hours. Seven more hours, and I can release her arms. Until then, she stays.”
“You will keep her hanging like that for forty-eight hours?” I asked, and I looked down at her bare feet to see that she was holding herself on her tiptoes, trying to keep her feet on the floor at least a little bit in order to take some of her weight off of her arms. 
“Yes. No food, no water, and hung up by her arms. She will not run again.”
“Oh, and she is slave to your impulses, as well.”
“I did not wish for you to see that, Brynna.” He told me with actual, genuine regret in his voice. Actual, genuine regret, I might add, that had nothing to do with her but everything to do with me. It was not the act of raping this woman he regretted, it was me having to see it. It seemed to make him sad that I would be exposed to such a thing, and obviously, I knew that that sadness was the result of him knowing about my past. 
“I never wished for you to be exposed to such a terrible thing again, because I know how it must dredge up traumatic memories.”
See? All of that regret for my sake, all because of my past.
“Well, I did see it, and if you would like to talk about dredging up traumatic memories of what happened to me when I was a child, look no further than the night you ordered Adam to rape me in my cell back home.” 
“We have discussed that many times in our visits.” He replied calmly, “It is our way. I am sorry that you do not find it acceptable.”
“You are damn right I do not find it acceptable.”
“Please, not so early with the vulgarity, Brynna. A young woman as intelligent and beautiful as you does not need to ugly herself with foul words.”
“But I fucking like foul words, Tyre.”
At first, I thought he was going to shout, because he had cringed both inwardly and outwardly at my expletive. But then, after a moment, he covered his face and laughed.
“You are so very ornery. You always have been, and though you will take this as a sign of encouragement, I will tell you that it has always entertained me.” 
“Well, good.” I replied, “I am glad that you are entertained. You entertain me, too, when you are not ordering men to rape me, or when you are not brutally torturing the love of my life and me until his mind breaks and he is lost to me forever, or when you are not shooting me in the belly.”
“I have apologized for that at least one hundred times now, Brynna.”
“Which still does not change the fact that my daughter is dead, and my husband and I have spent all these years grieving for her.”
“I have done much wrong to you, Brynna. I admit that. I care for you very much, and I have harmed you, because I am so used to harming those I deem a danger to our ways. Sometimes, your stubbornness and your crassness and your proclivities for women and old men make me so angry, and I lash out. I do have such a terrible temper.”
Beside me, I could have sworn I heard the woman make a noise that sounded like a soft laugh. Tyre did not seem to notice, but I had, and if she had laughed, I decided I liked her, because that took serious guts, as they say, to laugh so openly at his gross understatement, and at how obvious of a statement it was. Everyone knew that Tyre had a temper. He was famous for it. For him to remind me of it was pointless; I had been on the receiving end of the brutal violence it drove him to commit, and so had the woman who was beside me, which is why she had laughed for that half a second.
“At least you can know that I will never allow this to happen to you. What is happening to my dear friend, Laura, here.” He reached up, grasped a handful of her hair, and yanked her backwards a good foot and a half until she was level with him. 
He had heard her, and behold, there was that temper of which he had spoken, at which she had chuckled.
“Do you have something you would like to add, my dear?” He asked her, as she struggled to pull herself away from him, as the tears rushed from her eyes backwards and dripped onto the floor. “Do you?”
She shook her head, and he pushed her roughly back up so she was standing, and she cried harder than she had when she had first looked at me, her head hung down, her body shaking so badly that the chain keeping her hands above her head rattled.
“No matter what you do, Brynna Elohimson, I will never deem you worthy of this punishment.”
“You deemed me worthy of losing my child. You deemed me worthy of a bullet through the middle. I cannot decide if that punishment is better or worse, but it is certainly brutal and violent.”
“Yes.” He replied, with a slightly puzzled expression on his face, like he did not understand how I could not possibly see the sense in that punishment. “As I have said in every one of our visits, every time you have brought this up, you placed more value on the life of your husband than you placed on the life of the child the One God had bestowed upon you quite miraculously.”
Adam and I had discussed it so many times over the years that Tyre’s words had no power to make me doubt myself. I knew that I had not put Adam’s life before Grace’s, but instead, I had merely asked that his life be spared. I had shown my love for him, and that was not wrong. It had nothing to do with giving preference to him or to Grace. It had everything to do with the fact that I loved him so much, and I could not fathom my life without him. In short, I had done nothing to warrant Tyre’s assault. It had taken years to fully convince me, but Adam had not given in until I was convinced. He would not allow me to shoulder any personal responsibility for the almost-death of our daughter. He simply would not allow it. 
“I think you are just bitter that your plan to punish me by making me Adam’s wife failed.” I told Tyre, “I think you are bitter that we reconciled all those years ago, and that I still love him just as much today as I did then. God or Gods, I love him more than I did then. You punished me by taking James away, and giving him to Janna, but he is happy with Janna, and…”
“And that drives you mad. I know it does.”
“Can you see that in my heart?” I asked, and it was dangerous to challenge him to look into my heart. If I was not careful, and he peeked inside, he would see how strong my love for James still was, and he would know it could not possibly be so strong without James stoking the fire with love of his own. He would see my love for Janna, my passion for her, how my heart recognized her reliance on me. He would know for the first time how deeply and resolutely my love for her ran. If I was not careful, he would see all my little secrets. But I did not feel the prying of his heart’s invisible fingers inside of my own. 
“No. I cannot.” He said, “It must drive you mad, though.”
“Wishful thinking on your part. I am of the mindset after all this time that if I can’t have him, and I cannot, then I am sad, surely, but I am glad that he is happy with another woman.”
“And you are happy with his woman, as well. Which is rather sick, Brynna, I must tell you. I was very disappointed when I heard of your tryst with her.”
“Were you?” I asked with a rather derisive snort, “Most men are made positively mad with lust just at the thought of her slender legs entwined around my head, but you find it disappointing and sick.” 
“It is a sickness, Brynna.” He said it almost desperately, like he just wished that I would see, “But I will not hover over you. Not while you are here. If you were out there, living freely in one of my cities or villages, I would never allow it. But here, unfortunately, it is my brother’s rules. And it is about my brother that I wished to speak to you today.”
Uh-oh. If he knew that I had sex with his brother in order to keep said brother pacified, in order to keep him from hurting my family, he would kill him. Actually, he would not kill him, not even for my sake. But he would confront him, and then, the second that Tyre returned to land, and we were back out on the open sea, my family would pay the price for me snitching to Tyre. I could not possibly tell anyone. I could not see my family hurt. 
God, it made me sick to think in those terms. For just one moment, I was a little girl, sitting in front of Michael, tears streaming from my wide eyes as I stared straight ahead, uncomprehending, so very confused, so scared, so disgusted, in so much pain, as he told me that I would leave him no choice if I told Mom or Dad. He had made me promise. I could barely talk afterwards, and he had made me promise.
“Brynna.” Tyre’s voice was saying, far off in the distance, in some other place, in some other time, in some other world, possibly in some other universe, some other dimension. The woman was crying, the chains were rattling more loudly than her cries, and Tyre was shouting at her to stop, and I was doubled over, my eyes squeezed shut, trying to go back, trying to fight it, but the disassociations still knocked me flat in those days. I fell away from the present and into the past and could scarcely find my way out until whatever unstable brain chemicals in my mind stabilized themselves. 
“Brynna.” Tyre was in front of me, grasping my hand, and I returned, fearing that I would look out the window of his office and see that the sun had set, or even that a few hours had passed. But the sun was where I had left it, so only moments had gone by.
The woman was agitated, crying, fighting, looking at me. 
“Is that my mother, Tyre?” I asked weakly, and I made sure to look into his face and his mind to see if he was lying.
“No, Brynna.” He answered immediately, “She is looking at me. She thinks I am distracted, and if she fights, she will break free and be able to run again. Just pay her no mind.”
The woman’s knees collapsed, putting more strain on her shoulders. 
“I do apologize, Brynna. I fear that seeing her has caused this lapse in you. I am going to go request a sedative for her. She is out of control.” He stood, left the room, and closed the door behind him. The fact that she did not immediately try to talk to me again, that she remained still, with her head hung, her eyes closed, her sobs softer, told me that he was correct in what he had said. If she were my mother, now would be her chance to try to get my attention. But then, if she had been trying to escape, now was the time to struggle. I decided that she was more than likely disoriented, and that was why she made no sense at all.
I will not talk to her. I will not talk to her. I will not look at her, and I will not help her. 
Over and over again, like a repeating hook in song lyrics, I thought those words to myself.
Her feet were still struggling to stand upright, to keep her toes on the floor. Her shoulders shifted, trying to move, trying to stop the pain, when suddenly, she jerked terribly and screamed so shrilly that I jumped and almost made to cover my ears. She began crying so hard that I feared she would vomit. She kicked her foot up, twisting it, crying harder, and I realized what was happening: she was having a muscle spasm.
I will not talk to you. I will not talk to you. I will not look at you, and I will not help you. 
Holding her foot out made it worse, and she desperately tried to place it on the ground, but she could not flatten her foot, so the spasm got even worse. 
“Shit.” I murmured, “Shit, shit, shit, shit. Fuck my human tendencies that refuse to make like a tree in Autumn and die!”
I stood up, walked over, and lifted her leg. It was so light that the force I used to lift it sent her upper body falling backwards somewhat, which caused the chains to pull on her arms further. She cried a little harder, and I rested her foot against my stomach, tensing my muscles so there was a hard surface she could push it against, and after a minute, I pushed her foot back and then pulled it forward. Her sobs calmed, going from intense and loud to merely short, choppy breaths, and because I was already being positively saintly, I pulled the cloth from her mouth, and grabbed the water pitcher off of the table.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” She whispered, not looking at me. I had the feeling she had been saying that the whole time she had been held captive by Tyre. “I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. Please. Please.”
“Your muscles are cramping because you’re dehydrated. Well, that, and because you’re being suspended like this.” I grabbed the glass off of the desk and poured her some water, which I then held to her lips. Like she was dying of thirst (which, I suppose, she was), she drank down every last drop, and after she was done, she gave an audible sigh of relief.
“Thank you,” She whispered, looking at me now, “Thank you so much. Thank you.”
“Please don’t make direct eye contact with me.” I said, not altogether unkindly. I could not stand it, looking into this strange woman’s eyes while she cried, while she was in such a vulnerable state.
“I’m sorry.” She looked away, “I’m so sorry. Thank you.”
“It is alright, and you are welcome.”
I went to put the gag back, even though I did not want to be the one to do it, but Tyre would be returning soon.
“Please don’t.” She cried, looking at me and then looking away again, “Please leave it out. Just for a few minutes. Please. I won’t talk if you don’t want me to. I promise.”
I nodded, poured her another glass of water, and held it to her lips again. 
“Slowly.” I told her, “You’re going to make yourself sick.”
She did slow her sipping, and again, she sighed after she had drank half the glass. 
“What’s your name? Laura?” I asked her.
She smiled slightly, and I wondered if perhaps it had been awhile since she had had a conversation with someone who was not Tyre or someone of his ilk. 
“Are you sure you want to know that?” She asked quietly, “It might be easier for you if you didn’t know.”
“Are you a celebrity from Earth? Are you a former saint or something? Why would it bother me to know your name?”
“Because it makes this more personal. You won’t remember me as ‘the woman.’ You’ll remember me by my name.”
“Honestly, lady, I appreciate you believing so much in my humanity that you think I will lose a wink of sleep over your situation. I hate to disappoint you, but all I care about are a handful of people and myself. So, sorry.”
“It’s alright.” She whispered, but her voice was trembling, “You’re so kind, Brynna.”
“How do you know my name?”
“Everyone knows your name.”
“Why?”
“Because they are afraid of you.” 
“They’re afraid of me, presumably because I have a husband, a boyfriend, and a girlfriend, even though we have all been imprisoned for the past twenty-five years? I can’t imagine the amount of urine and feces that was in their pants while I was out and about all those years ago.” I said through a laugh, “I am sorry. That was crude.”
She smiled.
“You’re clever.” She whispered weakly, “And you’re so kind.” 
“I’m not.” I told her, “I just had a momentary lapse in my self-interest. My humanity broke through quite randomly. I suppose it is because you remind me of someone. Your name is Laura? How do you spell it?”
She was quiet, and I wondered if she wanted me to continue, if she had not heard me ask Tyre if she was my mother. And how pathetic was that? Is she my mother? “Are you my mother?” Just like that silly children’s book. I would not have known Lara Olivier if I tripped over her. How sad was that? How sad was it that since Paul had told me she was alive, and even after I had been told that she was not, I still found myself asking that question? Are you my mother? Are you my mother? No, of course not, because my mother was dead, and I would not talk about her.
I knew that Tyre was playing one of his tricks, or perhaps he was doing an experiment. Either way, he was accounting for the finest details, including making sure that this woman’s first name, age, and general look were the same as my mother’s. 
“Your mother.” She said, “Your mom. You don’t know her at all. You wouldn’t recognize her?” She asked, and her voice was ready to break, “That is so sad. I’m so sorry. Brynna, I’m…”
Tyre returned then.
“Brynna.” He said, sounding disappointed to the point of exasperation. “Now she will have another hour.”
“No.” The woman cried, “Please, Tyre! Please, no more…”
“Put it back.” Tyre told me angrily, “Bind her mouth again, Brynna.”
“Brynna, look at me. Brynna, I’m…” She started to say, and if I were her, I would have taken those moments to lie and say that I was my mother, because now she knew for sure that I would not have known in certainty if she was or was not. I pushed the cloth back into her mouth, before she could begin that lie, and without looking into her eyes. She cried harder, still trying to talk, still trying to lie. 
“Did you get the sedative or not?” I asked Tyre, and without answering, he administered some dark liquid into her arm with a long, hypodermic needle. Her eyes were fixed on me, widened and steadfast, and if she were my mother, I thought that she would be trying to memorize my face in those final moments of consciousness because she knew I would be gone by the time she awoke. But since this woman was not my mother, I knew that she was staring at me either to make me feel guilty for allowing Tyre to drug her, because she was angry that I was allowing Tyre to drug her, or because she wanted my help even though I was allowing Tyre was drugging her. The effects of the drug were immediate; within seconds, her head had fallen forward, and she was asleep.
“I will not ask you again not to interfere in this business, Brynna. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes.” I replied robotically. I was trying to act like the woman’s plight did not bother me, and my mind kept telling me that I did not care, while my heart protested. Isn’t that always the way? The mind screams logic while the heart cries feeling? I had never called myself an emotional person before, and I would not start then, not while I was seated before my most dangerous enemy.
“Thank you. Sit down, please.”
I did.
“Now, about my brother. I suspect that there is something going on here, and I would like for you to tell me what it is. Your lapse earlier proves to me that there is something troubling you, something to do with your past. Am I correct in that assumption?”
“No.” I answered, still so robotically. Why could I not muster convincing emotion in my voice? Why was I so rattled? 
Because you know he can end it, and you want it ended. For twenty years, you have pacified his brother, and it makes you sick. Tyre can end it right here, right now. Maura’s voice told me, more gently than I was used to hearing her voice speak. 
Not without consequences. Possibly deadly consequences. For Penny, for Adam, for Janna. It is my job to protect them. Everything I have done has been to protect them. 
Of course it has, sweetheart, She reasoned, But you must think of you, too. 
This mental dialogue took mere seconds, but I remained unconvinced after it had concluded. I looked into Tyre’s eyes and lied, said that his brother had never touched me, or even so much as looked at me, that the only man touching me was my husband. Tyre looked back at me, his eyes full of doubt while simultaneously, contrastingly, full of knowing. He knew that I was lying, and he would keep asking until I admitted it. But I could not tell him how his brother had required me to have sex with him whenever he desired the company of a woman, because I knew of the Lord of War’s rage. I knew how he lusted for revenge after the most insignificant slight, and I knew, that in his own way, he cared very much for me, and that my betrayal would hurt worse than any other’s. It sounds narcissistic to say, but I knew by the way he tried to dote on me, by the way he allowed me to literally get away with murder, by the way he turned a blind eye to me sneaking into Penny’s room every night so I could read her a story and tuck her into bed, that I was special to him. For some reason, I was special to a lot of men, which I never would have predicted could ever happen when I was younger. To James, I was a lion tamer, the first woman whose opinions he valued and whose feelings he cared to protect, the only woman he had wanted to be with for the rest of his days with no others on the side to keep him warm; I was the one who cracked the whip and demanded obedience, and yet somehow also made him feel like a man when he gave me what I wanted. To Adam, I was a superior creature, a rare butterfly or some mythological beast of lore, imbued with a beautiful and terrible power he could not fathom, and this superior creature had deigned to love him, the most powerful man in all the free world. To Tyre, I was a wilted flower, and his kindness, pity, and preferential treatment were the water, sun, and soil that would help me bloom again. To the Lord of War, I was a dark queen, one to be feared, one by which he wanted to be dominated, and to dominate, whom he wanted to please, and yet at the same time, I and my darkness were circus attractions at which he could gawk and about which he felt curious, in awe, and terrified, and yet he could not look away. If I crossed him, though, he would kill me. Whether he was in awe of me or not, he would kill me. 
Like everything else about me, I was unsure of the designations the men in my life had placed upon me. I was all of them, or I was none of them. I was everything, and I was nothing. I was me. I am me. 
But I digress, because we were talking about the Warden, and how crossing him would surely be the death of me and everyone I loved. As proof of the Warden’s rage, I offer this example:
One night, I was called, somewhat unexpectedly, into his quarters. This was about a week or so after the night he had laid himself before me, telling me he worshipped me. I had felt his anger, indignation, and resentment grow as the week progressed, and I knew that soon, I would be feeling the full effects of them all. The second I entered his room, I could feel that anger, indignation, and resentment, and I knew, deep in the pit of my stomach, where the fear was nestled like a gnawing virus, that he was about to hurt me in a way he had never hurt me before. 
“Come here.” He had said, and his voice was steady but his hands were shaking. I had known by then not to keep him waiting, and honestly, I just wanted to get it over with, whatever it was, so I forced my legs to walk forward. Each step was labored, or at least they felt labored, like I had a ball and chain attached to each ankle. Once I reached him, he smiled, very slightly, and ran one of his trembling fingers down my cheek, from right beside my eye down to my lips, tracing a line that matched the scar on his face. It was then that I realized what he was about to do.
That night was the first time I saw his famed blade. It was like a trident, with a long, thick center blade, and two smaller, sharper blades on either side of the center. The two side blades could be snapped off and reattached with ease, as though they were magnetized to the center blade. This allowed him to fight with the center blade but throw the other two blades at charging insurgents. That night, it was one of those sharp blades he used.
Out in his office, he twisted his hand into my hair and dragged me into his private living quarters, where my flailing legs kicked over end tables and dining room chairs, and where my thrashing arms pulled down pictures and vases and other expensive things, and where my nails scratched deep lines into his walls. Did he know about James and me? Was he angry that we had lied to him for so long? Did he suspect that I had told someone about how he had been requiring me to have sex with him? If he thought I had told Janna, would he hurt her because she knew? If he thought I had told Adam, would he make good on his promise to slash Adam’s throat while he slept? Or was it something else that I had done? He was prone to fits of jealousy, even though he swore our “tryst” was only a business transaction. Sometimes, after I left Adam’s room for the month, he would keep me in his for hours, all the while asking for and receiving my “consent” to do what he pleased. Especially when he heard his younger guards talking about the sounds they had heard from Adam’s room while we had been making love, especially when he heard how Adam was able to please me so easily, how every time I was in his room, we made love for hours and hours, how Adam did not have to force my consent… That is when he became rabid in his “need” for me. As I fought him while he was dragging me into his room, I realized that I had been in Adam’s room the night before, on the last night of our monthly visit. Jealousy. It had to be jealousy. Please, God or Gods, just let it be jealousy, I had thought…
I had known, though, that jealousy was certainly part of it, but the larger part of his reasoning was that he had humbled himself before me a week earlier after the fight, and, though I had done so kindly, I had rejected him, and thus, I had offended his pride. But there was something else in his mind, too, besides the memory of that. There was an even more recent occurrence, one that had occurred earlier that day, that was driving him to hurt me right then.
Once he had thrown me down onto his bed, I saw it: He had gone to see Adam. They had sat, with Adam on the bed, and the Warden on the daybed, and the Warden had been grinning his gloating smile, and Adam had demanded to know why, and the Warden had said, “Because your Brynna and I are becoming very close, and I just thought that you should know.” He introduced so much discord and distrust so easily into mine and Adam’s relationship that even there in that moment, when my fear spiked sickeningly as the Warden slammed me onto his bed, I dreaded when I would have to explain it, when I would have to tell him everything… Except that, as it turned out, was why the Warden had brought me there. It was so I could assuage his mistake, and help ease the consequences of his lapse in judgment.
But before he could speak any of that, he had to do what he had thrown me down to do. Holding my arms over my head with one hand easily, despite how hard I was struggling, he ran the tip of the blade from my forehead down to my lip, not hard enough to scar but hard enough to draw an alarming amount of blood. It ran into my eye, it rushed into my ear, it saturated the sheets behind my head, but I did not scream, nor did I cry, nor did I curse him. I spat the blood at him that rushed into my mouth, sent it splattering onto his face, and when he backhanded me with the hand that held the knife, on the side where he had just cut me, I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out. I would not show weakness to him. Not then. Not when he had just mutilated me, not when he was about to growl out that he wanted me to say “Yes,” so he could force himself on me. I would not show him weakness. 
“Say it.” He ordered through clenched teeth, and just like I always did when he demanded that I say, “yes,” I said, “No.” 
“I am not in the mood for you to tease me tonight. Now say it, or I will cut you again, this time starting right here,” He slipped the blade inside of my mouth and held it hard to the corner, “And believe you me, I will cut you deeply enough to leave a scar.” He leaned down and whispered in my ear, “Exactly as you cut me seven nights ago, you ungrateful slit.”
I murmured my consent and looked away, telling myself that I was so stupid, I should have just allowed him to do as he pleased the night I had “spurned” him. I closed my eyes, thinking of Adam and James, but not picturing them as the ones thrusting into me, because I knew that they would never hold my arms down so hard that I feared my wrists would shatter in their grip, nor would they allow their hip bones to pound into my thighs hard enough to leave bruises. 
“I should not have gone to him,” He had said, after it was over, “But I could not help myself. I wanted to gloat. I needed to, after how you spurned me one night and then fucked me like the world was ending the next night. I will bet that how you fucked me that night is how you fuck him, and I wanted him to know that you had fucked me the way you fuck him. But now he suspects something, and if you value his life, and your life, and the lives of everyone you hold dear, which your fucking of me proves that you do, I recommend you dispel his suspicions convincingly and quickly. And look, my love.” He ran his fingers into the blood streaming down my cheek, “Now we match. At least temporarily.” He laughed so hysterically that he sounded maniacal. “He wanted to say that if I continued to insinuate that I was bedding his wife, he would scar the other half of my face. He would shame me this way again. What do you think he will say when he sees you now? When he sees how I have shamed you the way he shamed me?”
Well, my husband had just about torn his room down.
The guards had delivered me into his room with a forceful push and some gloating laughter that grated my already severely frazzled nerves, and when Adam had rushed to me, seeing the blood on my hands, his fear spiked first but was followed almost immediately by his rage, because he knew what the Warden had done. The door was shut and locked but he jumped up, roaring like a wild beast and banging the door hard. He shouted every name in the book, as they say, at the Warden, demanded that the Warden face him in the Coliseum like a man, and when I had started to cry (silently, because the Warden was just outside the door), when the thick ball of tension in my chest finally released, when I realized just how sick and terrible and violating of a thing it was that he had done to me, Adam had rushed to me and dropped to his knees beside me. I was lying on the floor still, because suddenly, my entire body felt as though it had spontaneously liquefied, and in my new state as a less-than-human puddle of organic matter, I could not move. My hands were covering my face, and suddenly, I understood the Lord of War’s shame, which should in no way suggest that I believed he was justified in what he had done to me. I am just saying that my face was red, my cheeks literally felt like they were burning, and the hot tears streaming over them only made the shame and the sickness amplify more. 
“Let me see it,” Adam had whispered very gently, “Let me see, my love. Please, just let me see.”
But I had been unable to uncover my face. I had only cried harder, my body had somehow been able to shake even more severely, and my face, somehow, managed to burn just a little bit hotter. 
Finally, he was able to gently pull my hands away. My head turned away from him, and my body throbbed in protest, in a need to move away before he could see it, before he could see the utter shame of it, the heavy symbolic resonance of it. It was not bleeding so badly by then, but still, I could feel it prickling and stinging there on my face, and it felt heavy to me, like I was wearing a prosthetic scar, horror movie makeup, on my cheek. 
“Look at me, my love.” Adam implored me gently and somewhat desperately, because my head was turned away from him, my eyes were fixed on the opposite wall, my hands were pulling to get out of his grasp, and my body was fidgeting terribly to move away. “Please look at me.” 
“I shouldn’t be crying for him…” I muttered furiously, when the rage finally welled up to cradle me, “It is giving him power. It is making me such a stereotype of a woman. I am supposed to be a warrior, and I am crying. Did he cry, when you scarred him? No.”
“Stop that.” He whispered, and gently, he ran his finger along my jawbone and then gently turned my head so that my tearing blue eyes met his calm green ones.
“It is just my face.” I told him, “It’s just my face, so I do not know why I am making such a fuss. I am behaving like a vapid little schoolgirl, acting like this superficial injury is worth my tears. People are out there fighting these battles losing arms and legs, not to mention their lives, and I am crying about a scar on my face.”
“You are crying because he frightened you, and there is no shame in that, my love. You showed me while I was holding your hands what he did.”
Fear set my heart racing, and he kissed me very gently, to calm me. I had been afraid that he had seen what the Warden had said about convincing him that there was nothing going on between us, but he had not, thank the One God or the Gods. Adam’s lips kissed me slowly up that cut on my cheek, healing it instantly, filling me with that warm feeling of peace that left me sighing very softly in relief, in response to which he chuckled. In response to his chuckle, I smiled and nuzzled my head against his before kissing him softly. 
“While he did it, you were so strong. Even as he dragged you to his bed, you did not show fear, you showed resistance. Even when you did not know his intentions, you did not beg. Even when you feared the worst…” He rested one hand on my face and looked into my eyes, “It was not the worst, was it, my love?” He asked so gently, I almost poured out mine and the Warden’s deep, dark secret. But instead, I mustered enough convincing emotion in my voice and kept my eyes from conveying too much fear when I said, “No, he has never done the worst to me,” and that part of my mind that was always reminding me that it was consensual told me that I was not lying to Adam’s face. 
After he had scarred my face, he had “done the worst,” though I had given my “consent,” as I always did. (This is all very hard for me to talk about, even now, which is why I am starting to speak in these riddles. Forgive me.) I told you that. I described it to you. But I did not tell you how afterwards, he had told me that Adam was not to touch me that night, because Adam would wonder who had been there first. He would feel the wetness inside of me and know that it was not mine, that it had been put there by someone else. That had made me feel like the Warden’s smell was on me, like he had marked me as his territory the way a dog pisses on a hydrant (I am getting angry now writing this, and I am not sorry to admit it), and that night, even though I had thought there was no way that I could be in the mood, I had wanted Adam, because when we were together in that way, I felt so beautifully, uncompromisingly safe, and warm, and loved, so as he held me on the floor, as I buried my face into his chest and shut out the world, I cried harder, and tried to keep my thoughts about wanting him to myself.
I must admit, and I am so sorry to have to say this, but a part of me was angry at my husband. How did he not see it? Why did he not push? Was I truly that skilled at hiding it? He would tell me later that I was. He would tell me that he thought I would have told him if something like that were occurring. Still, I was angry then that he did not know, that he was not trying to coax it out of me, even though that is so unfair to him. I hid it so well, and I never would have admitted it if he asked. But I wanted someone to know. I wanted Adam to know, because I wanted someone to help me. For years, that anger burned very low inside of me, and it was not just Adam towards whom the anger burned. I was angry at James, because he did know what the Warden was doing to me, and he was furious about it, but at my desperate insistence, he never did anything to put a stop to it. There was no killing the Warden, I said. He barely slept, and he was always alert, and he had killed every man he ever fought for thousands of years. My formerly-Earthean boyfriend, despite being a Herculian, despite being so strong that he frightened even Tyre, simply was no match for him. And yet a part of me wanted him to try. An insidious little voice in my head told me that if he truly were as angry as he claimed to be, the risk would mean nothing to him; he would try to kill the Warden so the Warden could not hurt me anymore, and because the Warden had dared to lay his hands upon me against my will in the first place.
It was so unfair of me to be angry at either of them. But I was. It was irrational, and it was the result of being angry at myself for allowing it to happen, and from being fucking furious with the Warden for requiring it of me, but I wanted them to know about it, because maybe they could help me stop it.  
After Adam had gotten me into the bath and into bed, he had held me until I fell asleep, and I had fallen rather deeply asleep. Once the fear had subsided, I was just left with the shame, and the shame was talked down by Adam, who would not allow me to shame myself or for the Warden to shame me. Once I was asleep, I watched as he approached the door, because he knew the Warden was still out there, listening. Quietly, but with rage so deep that his voice quaked with it, he spoke:
“I want you to listen very closely to me, Gideon, son of Leviathan…” He said, “You knew my sister, Clara. You stood beside your brother as he disgraced and executed her simply for trying to return to me. You know of my love for her, because you know how I tore through your cities to find one who could bring her back to me. You know how brutally I fought in the Second War, how many lives I took in her name. I do not talk about her often, as I am not fit to speak her name after I allowed harm to befall her because of my pride and my rage and my sense of betrayal. But on my precious sister’s name, I swear to you, Gideon, son of Leviathan, I will kill you, and then, I will kill every person your black heart has ever deigned to love. I will ensure that they suffer worse than what I inflict upon you, so that in the Eternal Darkness, where you will surely spend eternity, you can hear their screams and pleas for mercy. You will hear them begging for your help. All of this, I will inflict upon you for what you have done today to my wife, because you harmed her as a way of harming me, when if you were truly a man, you would have faced me after my insults to you, and fought me. On the life and grave of Clara Elohimson, I swear to you, I will bring hell down upon you that would make the One God, Himself cower in fear.” 
Outside the room, the Warden had smiled, because despite Adam’s threat, he still thought of himself as the ultimate victor, because he had me on a leash, so to speak, and Adam did not know about it. 
But the Warden experienced something from that night that he had never experienced before: Regret, and a need to pay his penance. 
Two days later, he had called on me again, and when I entered the room, and the guards left, he stood, and I saw that his body was trembling as it had been the night he had cut me. But there was no palpable feeling of rage in the room, which I took as a good sign. Still, when he stormed towards me, I expected him to throw me down or to hit me, so I flinched terribly. But instead of hurting me, he dropped to his knees in front of me, and wrapped his arms around my middle. 
“Forgive me.” He whispered, so softly that I could barely hear him. “Please. Forgive me, Brynna. I have never asked forgiveness for any wrong that I have committed, and I have especially never asked in this way, but I will ask you. I will beg you. Please forgive me.” 
“What way?” I found myself saying, because I was in shock and could not think of anything else to say.
“This humbling way, Brynna. Down here, on my knees, begging. It means more here than it did on your Orb.”
“As do many things, I have been told…” I replied irritably.
“To get down on our knees before one we have wronged shows that we know the severity of our wronging and we place our fate into the hands of the one we hurt. Why must I explain this to you now? Why must I, when I am shaming myself in this way, when I am begging for your forgiveness? I need it, Brynna. I need your forgiveness.”
I could not forgive him, and I was so furious that he was asking me to. Why should a man as sadistic as he was be allowed to behave brutally and then beg forgiveness to absolve whatever small conscience he might have had of the guilt? He almost read those thoughts, because when he looked up at me, I saw actual tears in his eyes, though he did not allow them to fall.
“I will hate myself for this moment, Brynna. I am disgracing myself even more severely than I disgraced you. I will hate myself, and I hope that that is enough of an absolution, that it is enough of a punishment.” His hands grasped mine, and he whispered, “I got you something. I found it. Mary gave it one of her handmaidens, and I demanded it back, because it is yours, and no one will have it but you.”
And he had produced the bracelet my mother had gotten me for Christmas all those years earlier, the one I had carried in my back pocket for all of those years, the one I had lost when Shadow Village had been sacked.
Though I certainly did not forgive him, the sight of that bracelet stole my breath, and I fell to my knees in front of him and grasped that small piece of jewelry in my shaking hands as though it were some tangible miracle, as though it were being handed to me by God, Himself or Herself. The Warden kissed my forehead tenderly, and because he never kissed me, I was especially shocked when he continued to press his lips there slowly, over and over again.
“I am going to have them take you back to your cell. Back to Janna.” He had whispered, “I will not touch you again until you ask me to.”
“I will never ask you to, Warden.” I said back.
“You will.” He had replied, “I will see to it that you will. But let us not talk about that ugliness. I am apologizing to you, and it is a momentous thing. Let me take you back to Janna.”
Long story short (too late, I know), he had gotten me to “ask” by keeping Penny from me, and I had not so much as asked as demanded that we fuck so I could see her. 
Are you confused by him? Yes. So am I. But we needn’t be, because he is actually quite simple to understand: He was a rapist and an all-around son of a bitch. End of story. 
Also, I am sure you are confused as to how the hell we got here. Tyre was asking me if the Warden was requiring my company in that way, and I was trying to deny it. From that remembrance, I had gone down a long path of remembrances, and now you know Gideon, son of Leviathan, Warden of the Lapsarian Maximum Security Prison Ship, the Lord of War, just a little better. You know his rage. That was how this started. I was denying what the Warden was doing to me because his rage would consume every person I had ever loved if I did not deny it. So again, I denied it.
“He has never touched me, Tyre. Adam is the only man who touches me.”
“Brynna,” Tyre said, almost in a whisper, as though he were speaking to a wounded animal, “How many times have I told you that I have people very close to you at all times? They have told me how he requires your company.”
Tyre had told me many times over the years that he had spies all around me. In Don’s house, in Shadow Village, and there on the ship, he had placed eyes to watch me. Some nights, I stayed up late, suspecting every person around me except for James and Adam. Could Janna be working for him? I had never seen her before I had carried her husband into Shadow Village, I was sure; believe me, I would have remembered. No, I would think as I watched her beautiful, serene face as she slept, Her heart and mind tell no lies. To absolve myself for thinking those suspicious thoughts about her, I would always kiss her, or pull the blankets up further on her, or grasp her hand. I always felt terrible for thinking that she could be guilty of a crime so damning, and I always feared myself a little. In my heart, I felt a dangerous bubbling of the most unadulterated rage at the thought of there being a traitor in my midst. I knew the damage I would do to someone who betrayed me. I knew that I would take his or her life so brutally, it would make the beasts of Hell cringe. God, just look at the rage I had felt when James had betrayed me by being one of Adam’s pawns, or when he had betrayed me by sleeping with Janna. As obvious as it sounds, all betrayal comes down to is disloyalty, and as a person who was loyal until the end, I would not tolerate disloyalty in anyone I loved. You were with me or against me, and as my mind began to throw around suspicion as calmly as it could muster, I began to think of what I would do once I found these spies that were “so close” to me, as Tyre always liked to remind me.
“All the guards know, and not one of them is close to me.” I told him, watching his eyes for signs that he knew there was one guard who was very close to me. “No one else knows but the guards who take me to and from his room.” 
“Are you sure that your beloved Janna does not talk to others, who then talk to others, who then talk to me?”
“Oh, but I thought your spies were close to me.”
“They are.” He said simply.
“Well, Janna’s acquaintance’s acquaintances are not close to me.”
“I was merely saying that to see how deeply you trust her, and I can see that it is not very much.”
“Of course I trust her. I can read her mind, and from her mind, I can read her heart. She cannot lie to me, especially because her heart and mind are so open. You are just trying to make me distrust her.”
“I am not doing anything of the sort, Brynna.” He replied with a soft laugh, “I am merely trying to aid you in your quest to find the people I have placed around you, but let us get away from that. It is not why I have come here. You have just admitted to me that what I have been told is correct. I will end it, Brynna.”
Well, my stars… I had been duped by him into admitting it. That I had been duped made my anxiety level rise even more, and somehow, I managed to keep my voice steady when I replied.
“He will kill everyone I love if you broach this subject to him. He told me so. He will have no choice, he says, and it will not just be the ones I love here. It will be Violet, who is out there somewhere, and Quinn and Alice, and Eli. I know of his reputation. I know how he got his name. He killed indiscriminately. He sacked more cities than men with armies twice the size of his. In his private quarters, he is soft-spoken and even kind, at least sometimes, but I know what he can do once the eyes go red. Tyre, I am asking you to just leave it alone.”
“I told you I would never see that punishment inflicted upon you. I promised you that, and as a man of honor…”
I snorted through my nose at that, because yes, a rapist and murderer who justifies his rape, murder, and torture by the words of some old creed was certainly honorable.
“You may laugh, because you still do not see that what I do, I do for good. I do it to bring order, to keep innocents from being harmed by the holy crimes of others. But I am a man of honor, Brynna Elohimson, and when I make a promise, I keep it.”
“He will kill my family, Tyre. He will make me pay for it! Your honor is all well and good until it gets the people I love killed. Then, what is it?”
“I control him, Brynna. He will do nothing unless I say it is alright, and if I tell him that he is to leave you and your family alone, then he will do so. Allow me to end this for you. Please. I will not rest until I know that you are not being harmed this way.”
“Your rest is so important to me.”
He chuckled, rose from his seat, and kneeled in front of me. After a moment of silence, he tentatively took my hand and then looked up into my eyes.
“Perhaps it is not. But I would like to settle this, regardless of how you feel, and I promise you, on the One God…”
“Awww!” I said, dragging the word out in the taunting way that children do when another child does something wrong, and Tyre smiled and grasped my hand.
“I promise you on Him that no harm will befall you or your family. I promise.”
I was silent, because God or Gods, I wanted it to be over. I did not want to feel that weight descending onto my shoulders as I walked with the guards to the Warden’s room. I did not want to be the woman he kept on the side, the one he called upon to express his darkest desires and have them acted out. I just wanted to be with the men I had chosen, and not fear the repercussions of one day facing the Warden’s wrath. 
“And once we’re out at sea, far from you, then what?” I asked, “What’s to stop him?”
“His fear that once he sees me again, that he will have to tell me how he hurt you.”
“He is your brother. Don’t you think he will be a little offended that you are putting more value into what I want than into what he wants?” 
“I do not care.” He told me, “Brynna, may I be very frank with you?”
“Yes.”
“In the Confessionals, your father rambled on for an hour about things that mattered so very little, I could have fallen asleep from boredom or struck him for wasting my time. He had an affair; everyone knew that because even though no one could remember your mother thanks to your little mind trick, we knew that she was not Maura Taylor. He paid a man to kill two journalists and a handful of other people who were going to expose the things your mother and her friends had done. A terrible crime, certainly, but we had already publicly executed one of your mother’s closest colleagues, so the crimes they had committed were not my concern then. Oh, the other things he rambled on about… His nights with the many women he encountered, hitting your mother once when they had both had too much to drink, dropping Violet when she was a baby accidentally…” Tyre laughed rather heartily, “I could not believe the trivialities leaving his mouth. The whole crowd had been expecting this bombshell of a confession—people do so love their gossip, even when feeding the gossip mill is not the intention of the Confessionals—and they were growing as bored as I was. So, when I had my guards lash him to within an inch of his life, and I said I would take his head if he did not start confessing the darkest of his crimes, then, my stars, did it all come out. First he spoke of Luc, how it was really his fault, and your mother’s fault… Really, it was your mother’s fault, he said, because she had left you at home alone after what had happened to you, but he loved her so much, and he had been so in love with her that he could not possibly have placed that blame on her shoulders. But he had blamed you completely, and from that blame, his rage grew, and he began to take that rage out on you physically, and over the years, it grew worse, and no matter how brutal he was, it did not lessen the rage in his heart. It did not displace the feeling in his heart that the blame was his and your mother’s, and that was all he wanted. All he wanted was to exorcise the feeling that he was to blame by blaming you, and he exorcised that guilt by hurting you. But there was something so much deeper than that, Brynna. Something so much more despicable. The first time he came banging on your door, he did not know that it was your apartment. He was so drunk after his row with your mother that he thought he had simply returned home, and with the copious amounts of alcohol he had consumed coursing through his veins, he was going to finally act on the rage he felt, because he knew she was to blame. But in one sad, ironic twist of fate, he ended up in front of your door, and his rage was directed once again to the person at whom it had always been directed. But the second time, and the third time, though he was certainly still drunk, he knew.”
“Tyre.” I said, so softly that I was sure he had not heard, “Please. I don’t want to talk about this.”
“I know it is very difficult for you to hear,” He said softly, and his other hand came up to hold mine, too. “I know it is, my sweet child. But you need to know how much I know. Your father knew that it was your apartment, and that it was you he was forcing down onto the bed. He had spent so long telling himself that you were dead to him, that you were no longer his child because you had taken his most precious child, that he believed it, and then, he felt no guilt when he exacted his revenge on you in that most despicable way, and when you became pregnant with his child…”
“Please stop, Tyre.” I whispered forcefully, my eyes diverting from his to the floor. 
“…And you came to him and your mother to ask for help, to ask for money to have the child killed, he allowed your mother to believe that you had gotten it done to you by some random man. He allowed you to look like some harlot who had made a foolish mistake. And what did she say to you, Brynna?” 
I would not answer, though I remembered it well, even though I had tried to forget, because nothing she had ever said to me had ever been so cruel. Telling me she wished I was dead in Lucien’s place or that she wished I would die so she would not have to look at me and see the murderer of her most precious child were not enough. But what she had said to me that night, through her typical slurred speech and with the fury in her eyes that I was so used to seeing, was the worst of all.
“What did she say to you that night, Brynna?”
I did not answer, so he answered for me.
 “‘I thought God had sent Michael to make that impossible so you couldn’t kill another child, but I was wrong.’” He said, “Did I get that right? I am sure you remember the words verbatim. Your parents deserved every evil that came to them. I would normally say that it was the one God’s responsibility to sort them out, but I am glad that you abandoned your mother, and I am glad you killed your father. They did not deserve your mercy. I wish I could have asked your mother if she suspected that her husband was the father, but alas, I will just have to give her the benefit of the doubt and say that she didn’t know. But if she had, you know that she would not have cared. Do you know about what else I feel very glad? This is going to shock you very much, so prepare yourself: I am glad you had that woman, even though your tryst was a sin. I am glad she was there for you.”
I remembered how after the baby was bleeding out of me, I had thought that maybe I had wanted the baby, but how before the baby had been bleeding out of me, I had wanted to have it taken care of. I wanted what I could not have. Rachel had said we would have one of our own one day, and I had wanted that more than anything. Suddenly, I had wanted that one day to come, when she and I, and Penny, and our baby were a real family.
Who was Tyre to say my “tryst” with her had been a sin? I wanted to spit at him that he had no right to invalidate us and our very deep, very resounding bond in that way, but instead, I simply asked:
“What does any of this have to do with you and me?”
“It has to do with you and me because this is how I came to care about you. When I saw you the first time in the cave, I had not yet heard your story. When I saw you for the second time in Lumiere, I was consumed by the rage I felt at seeing you beside my oldest enemy, but over time, my love for you grew. I do not lust for you in the way that Adam and James do. I love you the way a father loves a daughter. We have known each other for many years…”
“Yes, and you have done more harm to me than good. You shot me. You killed my daughter. You married me to a man who, at that time, hated me, and you ordered him to rape me.”
“I was angry, and I have told you many times over the years that I am very sorry. I do not require your forgiveness, nor do I require your understanding, but I do require you to allow me to do what I must do to protect you. My brother knew not to put his hands on you. I ordered him to leave you be. Trust my word when I tell you that it will end, and there will be no repercussions for you, your daughter, or your husband, my sweet child. Trust me.”
My whole being felt wrung out to the core after hearing all he had said about my father’s confession and after being reminded of the cruel words my mother had said all those years ago. I just wanted to leave the room, find a quiet place where I could be alone, and calm myself down. So I nodded, said I would allow him to tell his brother to leave me be, and tried to calm the sudden pounding of my heart. I tried to soothe my mind that was screaming about the consequences we would suffer, and I tried to stop myself from praying to God or the Gods or Whatever, because there was nothing up there; there was no one listening, so it was a waste of valuable thought-energy. 
When I stood, he embraced me more warmly than I expected him to be capable of. 
“One day, I hope you will join me. I hope you will shun Adam and allow me to find you a suitable husband. I hope that you will shun these sinful ways and come into the light with me. I know that you are capable of so much goodness, Brynna. You just choose to associate with those who are not capable of it.”
“Tyre.” I said, “I want to leave this room now.”
***
“Alright,” James said to me, “Again. And give me something that’s at least somewhat a challenge this time.”
I flew at him, swung my fist towards his face, which he blocked easily, swung my other fist up towards his face immediately after (which was predictable, I knew), and he expected me then to try to kick him between the legs, because as he knew from our many sessions practice-fighting like this that once I had swung both of my arms, it was my natural instinct to use my legs. But instead, I swung again with my right hand, clipped him hard on the jaw, and sent him stumbling a few feet. Once I had blurred towards him, I hurled myself onto his back and latched on firmly before wrapping one of my arms around his neck and squeezing. 
We had rehearsed just like that for so many nights over our twenty-plus year imprisonment that I no longer let up when I was obviously winning. I was no longer concerned that I would hurt him, and he was no longer concerned that he would hurt me. As he sunk to the ground, unable to breathe, I did not let up until his knees had hit the carpet. Then, I let go, stood back, and went to kick him down onto the ground…
But he thrust his elbow back hard into my ribcage and knocked me flat.
“Ow! Fuck, James!” I yelled, because I was sure at least one of my ribs had splintered.
“Is it broken?” He asked.
“No.”
“Alright, then. Would you yell ‘Ow! Fuck James!” if we were out there right now?”
“No. Of course not…”
“Alright. Then don’t yell it in here.”
“Oh, my God, we are practicing! Why are you taking it so seriously?” I asked rather sensitively, because I was tired, my ribs hurt, and my mind was terribly distracted by my conversation with Tyre. It had been two days since we had gone back out to sea, and every day, I expected the Warden to call on me, either for our usual meeting or to threaten me for what I had done, and for two days, he had remained shut up in his quarters, silent. 
“Awww, I’m sorry.” James said condescendingly, “You want me to go easier on you because this is just a practice run? Cuz you’re not feeling good? Cuz you’re a little, defenseless girl, and I’m a big, strong man, and it’s not fair?”
“I know you’re purposely trying to make me angry, so I will fight with more skill and with my usual rage, but I can’t do it tonight…”
“What, are you on your period or something?”
I stared at him, knowing he was prodding me, but when I saw that he was not smiling, I was able to convince myself that he was just being a snide, cruel son of a bitch, and I snapped.
“You motherfucker!” I shouted, before storming towards him, kicking him hard in the balls, grabbing the back of his head and pushing his face down into my knees, and then socking him in both his stomach and between his legs again, all within a second.
“I am not on my period, actually, but even if I were, I could have just as easily done that.” I told him, before pushing him down onto the ground with more force than I actually intended to use.
“You know it wouldn’t be over right now.” He told me from the floor after he had regained the ability to breathe. “If we were out there, I’d come back at you, and…”
“And we’d fight until the Warden or the other guards broke it up, or until I yielded. We cannot have either one of us looking too defeated. I know, James. It’s been twenty years. I know the drill, as they say.” 
He was up, and even though I had not heard him shuffle to his feet, I felt him approaching me. I was standing by the window, looking out at the endless sea, at the shimmering reflection of two of Pangaea’s moons upon the surface of the water, at how even though those huge moons were so far away, they still looked close enough to touch.
James raised my shirt, instructed me gently to hold it up, and began to bind the green seaweed-like wrap around my middle. 
“Baby, I’ve got everything under control.” He told me softly, “I promise. I set the wheels in motion, and we’re all going to be out of here within a month. Don’t worry.”
“It’s not the escape I am worried about, James. It is getting to the escape that I’m worried about.”
Once the wrap was stuck together and held firmly in place, he rested his hand on my belly and pulled me so my back was against his front. His lips pressed to the back of my neck first, then moved down to kiss the top of my spine, and then moved over to kiss slowly down my shoulders.
“I’m sorry. I got a little more aggressive than normal tonight.” He told me, “You know I don’t mean any of it, baby. But if we screw it up while we’re out there…”
“I know.” I turned to him and reached up to rest my hand on his face, “I know. Trust me, I do. I am just being a temperamental, overly sensitive, little…” I searched for the word but lazily chose the first that came into my mind, “…a-hole, James.”
He tried to fight it, but the grin spread across his face, and within a second after I had said it, he was laughing hysterically. I rolled my eyes, trying to hold onto the anxiety and the unrest that I had been feeling only a moment before, but as usual, James’s good humor was infectious. 
“I have never heard you call yourself or anyone else an ‘a-hole’ before.” He said as his hands encircled my waist, “And though you are certainly a little sensitive tonight, which is wildly out of character for you, I cannot say that your sensitivity is so excessive that you are acting ‘a-hole-ish.’” 
“Well, thank you.” I said.
“Something’s going on. Tell me, sweetheart.” 
“I just want to go.” I said, “I want to get off of this ship. I want to disappear into the woods, and I never want to look back ever again, James. I don’t want to remember any of this anymore. I don’t want to feel this feeling anymore.”
It was a feeling that was almost totally indescribable. It struck me at random, and when it did, it rolled my stomach and thrashed my heart from side to side the way no other feeling could. It left me feeling dizzy, nauseous, and disoriented. It was when I could feel the visceral sensations I had felt back when my father and Michael had been over top of me, or right after they had left. It was a sick feeling, a hopeless feeling, and it made me want to cry, and scream, and hate myself, and hate them. It was the result of my past, certainly, but I remembered my past all the time, so why was that sudden, sickening resurgence of that terrible feeling necessary?
“Just hold me.” I told him, and when I reached out and wrapped my arms around his neck, he tightened his own around my middle. “It will pass, I just need a few minutes.”
“Okay.” He said, and he did not push the issue. Instead, he held me, rubbing his hands up and down my back all the while. Trying to brighten my own mood, I thought to myself that it was getting easier for him to touch me without hurting me, and that happy thought made the sick feeling pass more quickly. 
“We’re going to be out at sea for a while after this last stop, baby.” He told me, “They fueled up good this time.”
“So it’s going to be harder for us to see each other.” I said, and I felt my throat clench just at the thought of it.
“Yeah, but we’ll see each other, baby. We always do.” He replied, “And the next time we stop, we’ll be ready to go.”
I nodded.
“Don’t talk about it.” I whispered, “I feel like he has ears everywhere. I feel like all of them have ears everywhere. Tyre said again that he has spies close to me, and I just can’t figure out who they could be. I know he wouldn’t say that they were close to me if it were only friends of a friend, or something. It has to be someone really close.”
“Baby, he’s screwing with you.” He told me gently, “He’s trying to make you paranoid. He knows how you would react if you thought one of us was reporting to Tyre behind your back. Don’t let him get in your head like that. He’s done it before.”
“I know. He is very good at getting into my head.” I pulled away and looked at him, “Like today, he told me he looks at me like I am his daughter. That he loves me.”
“See? He knows where to prey on you. We’ve known this whole time that he thinks our relationship and your relationship with Adam are the result of you not having a dad growing up, and maybe they are, but who cares?”
“He does, apparently.”
“Of course he does, because he thinks it shows weakness in you that he can exploit. He thinks it will break down your defenses and make you trust him, and maybe, from that trust, you’ll want to join him someday.”
“I will never join him.”
“I know you won’t. Neither will I. I’m good at faking it, but I could never hang out with these people all the time. They are so dull.”
I giggled at that, and he grinned. As usual, he was able to make me laugh even though my whole being felt like it had spent days on a torture rack. Physically and mentally, I was stretched to my furthest limits, and there he was, making me smile like nothing was wrong, like we were back at home.
“Like, even their sense of humor is dull.” He continued as I sat down on the daybed and he sat in front of me with his back to me on the floor, “And you know how guys sit around and talk about girls? They do that, but in these like, puritanical terms.”
“No, they do not!” I exclaimed through my laughter, “Give me an example.”
“Okay, so, obviously, they know that I used to date you or whatever. Now, back when I worked Security, and then when I was training the military kids, and we’d all be sitting around shooting the shit… Oh, my God, woman, you’re a goddess.” He told me, because I had started to massage his shoulders, “So, we’d be sitting around shooting the shit, and they’d say, all conspiratorially, ‘So what’s she like, man?’”
“James Maxwell, if you shared intimate details of our sex life with strange men, I am going to cut off this impromptu massage so that I may kick your ass from here to next week, as they say!” 
“They weren’t intimate details, per se. And really, I never said anything. Sometimes I just nodded. Other times, if I knew the guys pretty well, I’d shrug, or make faces and incomprehensible noises. Because that’s what you’re like.”
“I nod, shrug, and make faces and incomprehensible noises while we are in the throes of passion? What am I, a malfunctioning cyborg?” 
He laughed one of his raucous laughs, which prompted me to laugh harder.
“Not you, it’s me! All men behave like malfunctioning cyborgs when there is sex in the equation. And though you may be offended, madam, let me tell you that every one of those men said, ‘I knew it!’ and one guy said to me, ‘She just looks like she’d be sexual dynamite, man.’ Which, as we both know, you are.”
“I don’t know whether to be flattered by this, or terribly offended. I am leaning towards the latter. It is so… objectifying, James.”
“Oh, Lord…” He sighed in joking exasperation, “Brynna Olivier, love of my life… I would never dream of objectifying you. All guys talk, baby. Don’t you ladies sit around talking about how your men perform?”
I did not reply, because of course we did. How many times had Rachel and I sat around in Shadow Village talking about Joe and James’s epic lovemaking skills? How many times had Janna and I compared notes on Adam and James? I had no right to be offended, so I chose to be bemused.
“She is silent.” James said to himself, “Because she knows her strapping boyfriend of twenty-plus years has trumped her with his logic.”
“Shut up!” I told him through my giggles, “I suppose if you never gave any criticism or complaints, then I cannot be mad, as I have spoken very frequently of your sexual prowess with my very good friends.”
“Any complaints? Anything strange?”
“Only that you last about as long as virginal teenage boy and call me ‘Mommy’ throughout. They found that very peculiar. And hilarious.”
“Oh!” He exclaimed, before his raucous laughter took him, “Look at her go, ladies and gentlemen! That was good.” He reached back and shook my hand, which he then brought to his lips and kissed, “That was really good. You win. You win for the rest of the night. The rest of the week, actually.”
“Thank you. I suppose I should not ask this now that I have made that joke, but did you ever give any criticism or complaints?” 
“Baby, I could not come up with something that witty or hilarious as quickly as you did, so you needn’t worry about asking. And no, I never did.” He kissed me, “I could never say a negative word about you, Brynn.”
“I know, baby.” I replied, “And contrary to what my joke would have you believe, I have never said a negative word about you, either. At least not when it comes to our sex life.”
“Oh, good.” He replied, “I mean, because obviously, over everything else in the entire universe about me that you could criticize, my manly performance is the absolute last thing I would want you to criticize. That, and my hair.”
I laughed so hard that I had to stop massaging his shoulders so I could hold my stomach. 
“Oh, James, you know I could never criticize your hair.”
“Thank God. You know how proud I am of my grooming.”
“I do know. And believe me, James Maxwell, I adore your grooming, you handsome devil.”
He laughed, and then he reached back, took one of my hands that was still massaging his back, brought it to his lips, and kissed it. 
“You know it’s been twenty-five years since I met you?” He asked, tilting his head back into my lap so he could look at me. “Twenty-five years since that bar in D.C., Brynna Olivier.”
“God…” I sighed, “And here we are.”
He turned to face me, rose onto his knees, and kissed me. His lips held to mine for several long seconds that filled me up to the brim with that warmth I had been so afraid was lost to me forever. My arms wrapped around his neck, and my legs wrapped around his middle. By tightening my legs around him, I pulled him closer to me, and kissed him a little harder once our bodies were pressed together. After a moment, our lips broke apart, and our foreheads rested together.
“We made it.” He said, “Everyone thought we’d be a flash in the pan, but here we are.”
“I didn’t think we’d make it, but we did.” Lightly, my lips grazed over his, “And I love you as much today as I did back then. More, even.”
“Do you think me not aging made it easier for us to stay together?” He asked, “I heard someone say that in Shadow Village. ‘Oh, if he aged, and she had to change his diapers when he was too old to take care of himself, she’d dump him for a younger, hotter model in a second.’”
“That is so not true!” I exclaimed, and perhaps my rage was slightly out of proportion, considering it was just something said by one of the stupid gossip-mongers whose need to breathe lustfully to each other about mine and James’s relationship was as pathetic as it was disturbing. “You know that is not true. Don’t you?”
“I never thought about it.” He told me, “Until recently. I just thought about how it would fare for us if I were going to end up old and grey while you were still young and spry and beautiful.”
“Baby, as long as you could keep it up for me, to put it vulgarly, I would be with you until the very end. And even if you couldn’t, well… I know how to take care of business myself. You could just lie next to me and talk to me, and I would get myself off.” 
He laughed raucously.
“Oh, I would keep it up for you. Even if I had to sell my soul, I’d find a way. On Earth, they had drugs, and here, they have all those natural enhancers. Remember the stands in the square?”
“I remember. I always wondered, if our sex life was already so freaking spectacular, and we added in natural enhancers, would we both die from the sheer, mad pleasure of it?”
He laughed again, even harder than before.
“I can’t even imagine it. If there’s one thing we can say, baby, our sex life has always been on point, even when our relationship has gone completely to hell.”
“Oh, our relationship only went to hell for a little while there, and the other times it went to hell, it wasn’t our fault. The craziest thing for me is when I imagine that first moment I saw you, when you reached out to light my cigarette, and how I never could have imagined that you and I would be sitting here, twenty-five years later, stronger than ever. Now, maybe the fact that you and I went through the traumatic experience of our world ending and starting over anew helped keep us together, and maybe it’s because we’ve been kept apart all these years, and that keeps the spark alive, but I like to think that you and I are just linked, James. I like to think that no matter the circumstances—whether we were here, or on Earth, whether we are immortal, or if you got older and I had to change your diapers while I was young and spry and beautiful—we would have found each other and stayed together.”
I always knew when I moved him with what I was saying because he was always quiet for a few seconds after I stopped speaking. He would look at me, his eyes soft, smiling very slightly, taking in my words, feeling them. If I allowed myself to peek into his mind, I would see very deeply, past the point of the thoughts he acknowledged consciously, the question of comparison ‘Has anyone ever made me feel like this?’ He could not quite put words to what ‘this’ was, all he knew was that it felt so good, and from there, he realized that it felt better than anything else anyone had ever said to him, and then he had the answer. For once, I was not narcissistic when I saw how I trumped all the other women (and there had been several, as we all know by now). I could see how the words touched him so deeply. I was happy for him, happy that I was there to tell him, in all truth and from the bottom of my heart, all the things he had not known he had wanted to hear, all the things that he had not heard before. 
One of the things he did that made me internally swoon was when he reached out and used the tips of his fingers to tuck my hair behind my ear. When he did it, he always looked into my eyes, and, as though by a magnetic pull, I would lean in to kiss him. That time, when he tucked my hair behind my ear, I closed to the space between us quickly, almost frantically, and kissed him hard. For several long, intense moments, my lips moved against his, and then, they began to slow, kissing him softly, holding still, kissing him softly, and holding still.
“What was that for?” He asked, “Because I dug it, so let me do whatever I did to provoke it again.”
I chuckled, rested both of my hands on his face, and ran both of my thumbs in his stubble, as I always did.
“I just love you. Is that okay?”
He smiled, and kissed me again, and when his hand ran up my neck into my hair as his lips pressed to mine, I breathed in deeply and exhaled slowly.
“It’s fine by me, baby. So you love me, even after all these years? Even when I should be old and shriveled and gray?”
“Even if you were old and shriveled and gray, and for another twenty-five years, and then for another, and another, and another.”
He pulled me to him so I was sitting in his lap, facing him, with my legs on either side of his torso. 
“A million years?” He asked, with a smile at the memory.
I smiled back, as I remembered that night in the cell, when the tears were pouring from my eyes, and he was promising me an eternity together. I remembered how I had wanted nothing more in the entire world than the opportunity to live that eternity with him. Here we were, twenty-five years in, when everyone said we would never last, when I had pushed him away, when he had made such terrible mistakes, when I had fallen in love with Adam, when he had grown so fond of Janna, when we were imprisoned for a quarter of a century, as the world raged and fractured and died slowly around us, we were together, two unthinkably strong parts forming an indestructible whole.
I kissed him, rubbed my nose against his slowly, and kissed him again. 
“A million years, and then a million more, James Maxwell.”
***
Normally, when James laid behind me, with one arm under my head, and the other draped over my side, I slept like the dead, as they say. Nothing even remotely unpleasant ever passed through my unconscious mind, at least not while we were there on the Lapsarian. I would feel the gentle rocking of the ship beneath us, and my mind would drift off to the images of us asleep in a small canoe on a lazy river, or drifting further and further away from our gray, floating prison on a lifeboat. In the heavy limbo between wakefulness and sleep, I would see the ship getting further and further away, standing eerily against an almost black sky, as we drifted further and further towards the warmth and sunlight. As we drifted backwards, away from the place that had held us in its grip for two and a half decades, I would stand, and in that strange bizarreness that can only be experienced in the hynogogic state, I would wave, my hand moving slowly, as I watched that steel monstrosity disappear into the clouds and gloom. Even as I drifted towards freedom and the world I had known, I felt a gentle tugging in my heart. For what, I always wondered? I had been held there against my will, sentenced to a lifetime of fighting to survive, of killing to live another day. And yet, there it was, that ever-present nostalgia. That pain of something lost. Penny, Adam, James, Janna, Illa, Tony, Rael, and Grace were there onboard with me, and we were escaping with no resistance, and yet I was looking back to the place from where we had come, and though I did not want to return, I did feel something close to longing, something one only feels when saying goodbye. It was not unpleasant, at least not totally so, because is nostalgia ever completely unpleasant? As always, it was equal parts pain and joy, equal parts sadness and fondness. 
I had seen that floating image in my mind so many times that I began to convince myself it was a premonition. I knew, the way I always just knew, that someday, we would all leave there, but I did not know when that would be. It was that image in my mind, floating like a sad old ghost, even when I was fully awake, that spurred my need to escape. But at the thought of leaving, I felt the strangest sense of foreboding. I would leave and find Purissimus totally different than how I had last seen it, I knew. And from that fear of being gone and returning to a world so changed, one wonders how it could possibly be the same world. From that fear of falling asleep and waking up one hundred years in the future, my mind could turn that dreamy scene of floating away into a different, but not totally unrelated, nightmare.
In it, I was at home on Earth, and yet Adam was there, or at least, his presence was there. In my mind, I knew that I had left the Earth, I knew that I had lived and loved and thrived and suffered on Purissimus. Being back on Earth, in that old world that reeked of decayed flowers and decomposing, burned, or drowned bodies, of blood, and yet of the old home, as well, made me that irrationally potent sad that one can only be in dreams. It is that sadness in which one can sob until the end of time, and still, the tears never dry, until one’s entire being is pained to a place in the core so deep, one is petrified at the depth he or she never knew they had. In the dream, I was always walking down the street towards my mother and father’s house, and the grey fog had rolled in so thickly, tinted with the smell of ash and ocean water from the burned or drowned cities. There were never any bodies on the street, though I could feel the presence of one million eyes watching me, and I knew that the eyes belonged to the dead. Out of reflex, my head would turn so that I could look for the source of that prickling feeling of being watched, but I saw nothing except the old houses and cars, decayed, covered in soot and burns, and yet still standing. In this dream, it is a model town through which I am walking, made from little odds and ends, put on display for me to see, gathering dust as though stored in its maker’s attic. My house stands on the hill, behind the gate that I find open and unlocked, and with, yet again, that heavy nostalgia, I slip inside.
It is while I am ascending the steep driveway that I begin looking around for Adam and James, because it is right then that I realize that this scene is not right. I left this place. I departed this dying world. It was outside of the pull of this orb that I established a life that was all my own, that I lived almost completely free from the traumas of my past, that I fell in love with James, that I met and fell in love with Adam, and to be back there negated that life. In the dream, I believe that it was all a dream, a fantasy, a paracosm I built so I could escape the harsh reality of my parents’ resentment, of their hate, of my being so different, of how being different made me feel so isolated… In the dream, I fear all of this, and with each step, my heart grows heavier, because I know that it was all real, and yet what if it was not?
The door is cracked just like the gate. I step into the foyer, where I had stood with James all those many years ago, and though I want to call out to someone, I am afraid to break the silence. As I stand there, I wonder why I have come there in the first place. Putting aside that everyone is dead or long gone from there, I wonder who it is that I am looking for in this old, empty house. Except it is not empty. In the living room, a dark figure sits in the high-backed, antique chair. In my youth, that chair was all perfectly preserved fabric, ornate embroidery, and polished wood, and in this dream, it still is; it is, quite strangely, the one artifact of my old life that has been left undamaged, and I have toiled endlessly in my mind over why that must be, that this chair is the only preserved relic in the room, and to this day, I have no other reason than that there is no reason. My mother is sitting in that chair, her head turned sideways, her icy blue eyes that matched my own looking out at the grey world, her gaze full of sadness, certainly, but not with tears. She is alone because I left her, because my father made the trip, and she did not. 
“Mom?” I ask, and it has been so many years since I called her “Mom” that the word tastes bitter on my tongue and sounds foreign to my ears. 
I see the next part from the side. I walk towards her slowly, cautiously, more guarded against what she will say than I ever was in life, because it is a dream, and in dreams, we feel what we cannot feel while we are awake. I feel my deep fear of her insults, of her resentment, of her blame. With that grey light streaming through the windows beside us, I watch myself approach her, and I watch as she finally turns her head once I stop, and I always stop with at least two arm’s lengths between us. 
Now, if this were a book or a movie, this would be the part where she imparts some wisdom, or where she crushes me with some utterly world-shattering final insult. This would be the part where something happens to make this dream so resoundingly sad, so memorable, and so important, obviously, because I have had it countless times over the years, and I am taking the time to transcribe it in detail. This would be the part where she utters some Knowing, where she tells me all that is to come. 
But that does not happen. It is a dream, and unless the dream is meant to show me something, then dreams do not flow logically or linearly. Instead, they flow like water over rocks, diverging over the crags and crevices, converging when they find a flat surface. In the dream, she looks at me, her eyes fill with tears until there are so many that they spill over to flow down her cheeks, and for a long time, I hold her gaze, and she holds mine, and then, almost as though she hears something or someone outside, she looks back out the window, and the scene seems to reset itself, except I am still standing there, unnerved and shaken to a point so deep, I never knew it was there. And as I ascend back into wakefulness, she does not look, and I tell myself that I will remember her face while simultaneously praying that I will wake up beside James or Adam or Penny or Janna, and my whole life on Pangaea will not have been some long, intricate, and beautiful dream.
That morning, I awoke beside James, trembling so terribly that I woke him, too. 
“Hey,” He said, his eyes already alert and focused, full to the brim with concern for me. “It’s alright, baby. You’re alright.”
He sat up, grasped my shaking hand that had shot out to touch him, to feel the warmth of his skin beneath my touch. My fingers linked with his, and my other hand reached out to rest on his chest, right on that ridiculous bespectacled owl tattoo, and my fingers rattled ever so slightly as the vibrations from his beating heart thrust out to rattle them. 
 I had had the dream so many times by then that he knew it was from my old house in the old, grey world from which I had just returned. As always, I touched him first to ensure that he was real, and then, I leaned into him slowly, nestled my head under his, breathed in his scent that I knew so well, felt that warmth that was completely synonymous with him by then fill me up, and then, I allowed the tears to fall silently only when his arms were locked around me and my face was hidden in his neck.
Over the years, he had learned that there was but one thing he had to say to bring me fully out of that dream world. It was so simple, and yet it was all I needed to hear.
“I’m right here, baby.” He told me, “I’m right here.”
***
“Gracie, will you show me how to build that card castle again?” Penny asked Grace excitedly. 
It had been James’s brilliant idea that we all sit around together as frequently as we could and play “happy family.” When it was just James, Penny, and me, we were not playing at anything; we really were a happy family, albeit one that was fractured, missing several of the other members. But when it was us and Grace, everything felt so forced, so uncomfortable. James and Penny were impervious to the awkwardness of it, but I was not; the entire time, I found myself sitting up straighter, behaving more primly and prickly than I normally did around my boyfriend and daughter. I was still in Brynna Elohimson-mode, while Penny and James expected Brynna Olivier. 
Not to mention, that particular night, I was reeling from the moment earlier, when the Warden had finally called on me, when he had confronted the situation in a way that was so deceptively calm, “Well, if you no longer wished to continue our tryst, you could have come to me…” and I had known he was gearing himself up, I had seen how unlike Tyre, his rage did not come in a seemingly random outburst of violence, but how it slowly built, and then finally, it exploded into this almost jocular, almost ridiculous, and yet totally terrifying show of theatrical fury, rage with a flourish of drama… I remembered how our conversation had ended with him dismissing me, and how as I walked to the door, I heard him toying with his gun, and I had almost known that he was going to shoot me in the back, but instead, he had blurred to me, grasped my wrist, spun me around, held me to the wall, and told me something that had made me sick then, and would make me vomit all over myself right there in Penny’s room if I dwelled on it… So I did not dwell.
“Of course I will!” Grace told Penny in regards to the card castle, “Where did we put the cards last time? I don’t remember.” 
As usual, Penny had won Grace over in one visit. I watched them, trying not to think how very much like sisters they were already.
“Eat your peas, Penelope Sylvia. Do so by your own hand, or you will do so by mine.” I told her, and I was not trying to disrupt their fun or bring the attention back onto me at all, though by the look Grace gave me she thought one or both of those scenarios were my motivation in keeping Penny with us. 
 “I don’t like peas.” She whined, which James immediately mimicked in his typical high-pitched rendering of her voice before rolling onto his stomach, picking up her fork, and scooping up a forkful of peas.
“Come on, Punky Monkey.” He told her, “Mom says ‘eat up,’ so eat up.” 
She sighed heavily and rolled her eyes, which made James grin at how adorably precocious she was but made my skin prickle. My mother had never tolerated us rolling our eyes at her, and as many times as I had promised myself that I would not become my mother, the sight of Penny rolling her eyes made me want to scream. James reached out and patted my knee, still beaming like a buffoon at our daughter’s insolence, and when he looked at me, I scowled at him only somewhat seriously.
“She’s just so cute.” He told me, as Penny finished the last of her peas and scampered off with Grace, “And she’s the only one we’re going to have, so she’s my firstborn and my only, and in those circumstances, how am I supposed to help the fact that I find everything she does so utterly adorable and wonderful and perfect?”
“She can hear you, and she will use this to her advantage. You just wait. When she starts telling you very sweetly and adorably while batting her huge, blue eyes at you that she will no longer take baths or she will only eat candy and pie, and you are powerless against her cuteness, I will not help you.” I told him, and he laughed and laid his head in my lap. 
“I know.” He replied, “I know, you evil wench.”
I whacked him lightly on the forehead, and without opening his eyes, and very airily, he said, “Watch the face,” to which I laughed quite heartily and leaned down so I could kiss right where I had just hit. 
Whenever he laid his head in my lap, my hand always began to absent-mindedly run through his hair. God, that man and his perfect hair… As my fingers worked through the thickness of it, I never failed to be amazed at how it was perfectly gelled to the point of being styled and yet still soft. As he always did, the second I began to run my hands through it, he closed his eyes, ready to pass out right there in my lap. 
“Stay awake and talk to me, you beautiful man.” I told him, “I want to hear your sultry baritones.”
“You want me to sing to you? Okay.” He opened his mouth to begin to sing, but my hysterical laughter stopped him before he could. The girls looked at us, and he looked over at them.
“Worry not, ladies. Mrs. Olivier-Elohimson finds herself incapable of fighting my charm and perfect sense of humor. She will be fine in a moment.”
“Shut up!” I told him, “You are so dumb, James Maxwell.”
“And it is because I am so dumb that you love me.”
“It is one of the many reasons, to be sure.” I replied, as he closed his eyes again. My hand that was not stroking his hair was rested on his shoulder, and he reached up, entwined his fingers with mine, brought my hand to his lips, and kissed it twice. The first kiss was hard and held fast for several seconds, and the next was quick. Then, he began kissing each of my knuckles that were still bruised from the fight. Up and down my fist, touching to each knuckle gently, his lips pressed, and his newly regrown facial hair tickled against my skin. I found that the slight movement was bringing a perfect onslaught of that warmth that always filled me up when he kissed me or touched me, and I beamed. 
“So, do you have everything you need for when we dock again?” He asked me softly.
“What do I have to bring but you and everyone else I love?”
“Well, though we are the best cargo there is, of course, what I am referring to most is whether or not you’re ready.”
“So why did you not ask if I was ready, ding-dong?” I asked, and he chuckled, “Keep kissing my knuckles like that.”
“You like that?”
“Yes.”
“Alright, then. If my lady likes it, it shall be done.”
“That is absolutely right. When is Abe coming with Janna?”
“He was keeping an eye on the Warden until the second-to-last chime. Once he’s asleep, he’ll bring her over to get Idan, and then they’ll be here. The Lord of War knows you’re here, obviously. But if he goes on a walkthrough and doesn’t see Janna in her cell for the night…”
“I know. He will start suspecting that I have some guards on my side.” 
“And we absolutely do not want that.” He replied, “Not when we’re so close, baby. I mean, we still have weeks to go, but we’re closer than we’ve ever been.” He opened his eyes and looked up at me, “Are you nervous?”
“No,” I replied flippantly, and he furrowed his brows at me in disbelief, “I’m not!”
“Alright, don’t get all touchy and mean, my tough-as-nails, vaguely psychotic but totally, breathtakingly gorgeous warrior woman. I believe you are not nervous. I’m a little nervous, but…”
“But how can my tough-as-nails, vaguely psychotic but totally, breathtakingly gorgeous warrior man be nervous? He said this would be done easy-peasy.”
“The word ‘easy-peasy’ has never left my mouth, woman! I said it would be done easily!”
“Oh, forgive me, I could have sworn you said ‘easy-peasy.’”
He laughed half-hysterically at that and sat up to kiss me quickly. 
“It is going to be quick and clean and easy, baby.”
“Tell me again so that I may rake your plan over hot coals, as they say. I want to pick it apart…”
“For the ninetieth time.”
“Yes, for the ninetieth time, and there will surely be a ninety-first, and a ninety-second, and a ninety-fifth and sixth, before the time comes, perhaps more. I want to pick it apart so that I may weigh all the variables and look for points of weakness. He will kill each and every one of us if he catches us at this, or if we make it halfway there and the guards who don’t work for you intercept us at the shore. So, tell me the plan again.”
“We dock once every two months to refuel. This time, we’re docking at two and a half months. We’ll be at the port closest to their city Blancstizia…”
“What the hell does that even mean? Is that ‘White Justice?’”
“It is.” He replied, looking impressed, “It never fails to amaze me how quickly you catch on to things. I mean, I don’t speak any other languages besides good ‘ole American…” I giggled quite ridiculously at that, and he grinned, “But I didn’t even catch the ‘white’ part. So, look at me, I know one word of French now.”
“I know another word you know in French. It’s a phrase actually, but I will not utter it here, because there are children’s ears near us.”
“And neither of them speak French!”
“I don’t know what Grace knows, but whatever. It is unimportant. I’ll tell you later. Continue with the plan.”
“Oh! You mean menage-a…”
“Shh!” I reached out and lightly covered his mouth, “Yes. That.”
“Can I have one of those for my birthday?” He asked under my hand.
“We don’t even know when your birthday is! I lost count of the Earth calendar the year after the Fall.”
“It’s tomorrow. My birthday is tomorrow.”
“Well, I will consider it, then. In the meantime, push those thoughts from your mind…”
“Impossible…”
“And continue with the plan.”
“So, we are going to avoid Blancstizia all together, obviously, because it’s a huge Old Spirit territory. I mean, huge. Second only to Southsage, Tyre’s stomping grounds, which is the biggest city on the whole damn planet now that Lumiere is gone.”
“Oh, Tyre tried to build a city that was bigger than Adam’s city.” I said with a derisive laugh, “Silly boys. You put so much emphasis on size.”
“Why are you generalizing me in this?” He asked good-naturedly, “I didn’t build any cities.”
“No, but you built a big ship.”
“I needed to build a big ship so it would house a lot of people! It had nothing to do with a fixation on size!”
“Of course it didn’t, sweetheart.”
“It didn’t!” He replied with a laugh. “I had four world governments and their families to build for, madam, and none of them were going to fly in a tuna can.”
“Of course they wouldn’t, sweetheart.”
“Oh, you’re fucking with me. Why do I never realize it when you’re fucking with me?”
“Of course I am, sweetheart.” I said, and he looked up at me, trying not to laugh as he frowned, “Alright, I will stop, but it has just been so long since I have given back to you what you give to me.”
“You mean, love from the bottom of your heart and adoration that borders of reverence? Because that is what I give you.”
“Oh, as if, James Maxwell!” I snapped back at him jokingly, “All you give me is sarcasm and sometimes, once in a blue moon, some very, very good cunnilingus, and that is all!”
“What do you mean, ‘once in a while?!’” He lowered his voice so Penny and Grace, who were already paying us absolutely no mind on the other side of the spacious room, could not possibly hear him say, “I live with my face buried between your legs!”
“The statement stands, Mr. Maxwell.”
He burst into a fit of the most ridiculous laughter that I had ever seen from him. His laughs were boisterous and loud, and his knees curled into his chest because of the force of it. Grace and Penny looked at us now, Grace looking mildly concerned (and exactly like her mother, when she had shown her concern for me) and Penny looking adorably judgmental, with her brows furrowed and her lips pursed in the way that my face contorted when I was watching someone and feeling that they were behaving nonsensically. The fact that they both looked like their mothers made me laugh, certainly, but it also made me somewhat sad, though I did not know why it should have made me sad. 
“Ignore us.” I told them, “Get back to your very impressive card castle. Did Tom teach you that, Grace?” I asked, and my tone was almost warm, almost kind. She took notice of that tone, so when she replied, her tone matched it.
“Yes.” She replied, and her shoulders rose, showing me that she was guarding herself against me. I made a mental note to proceed cautiously, to mind my manners, which surprised me, considering I minded them for no one. “We used to build them for hours. Sometimes, we’d have to stand on chairs to finish them.”
“I remember.” I replied, and my voice was even gentler, which made me mildly nauseous but which I knew was necessary. “Penny does, too, don’t you, Penny?”
“Yup!” Penny replied enthusiastically, “One time, we were out on the back porch, ‘cuz we used to have these huge cookouts where all our friends would come over to eat, and Tom and I built a big one on the table, but then the wind blew, and it fell, and we laughed, ‘cuz it was so silly to build it outside in the first place.”
“You saw my dad a lot, then?” Grace asked, looking from Penny to James and me, and back again. “I know you saw my mom, but I know that my mom was married to someone else for a long time.”
James looked at me, not knowing what to say. I did not look at him, though I did not know what to say, either. My eyes were fixed on Grace, on her hunched shoulders, on the way her blue eyes that mirrored my own and my daughter’s met mine and diverted over and over again. She had wanted to ask me questions, and for some reason, after all the nights we had spent in Penny’s room, eating dinner and then just lounging around, with her and Penny on the other side of the room, reading or building or drawing or braiding each other’s hair, she had chosen tonight to ask me questions. That night, when I was thinking of James’s plan, and all the areas where it could fail, when I was thinking of my earlier confrontation with the Warden…
Still, she was afraid to ask. It had taken months to build up her courage, and though I was certainly not the nicest of people, I was not a total monster. I would not shun my birth child now that she had finally worked up the nerve to ask for more details on what life had been like before she came to be.
“We knew him very well. He was a good friend.” I replied, and I was treading lightly, because though Tom’s true identity was nothing to be ashamed of, Grace had been raised among people who believed that it was. I had alluded to it in Adam’s room, but I had not dropped the bomb, so to speak, even then, when I was very angry. 
“He was around our house every other night,” I continued, “Just like your mom and her first husband.”
“And my Daddy was best man at his wedding! He was his best man! Tony’s best man was his mom, even though she’s a lady! Mrs. Rose was the nicest lady in the entire world, and she’s still alive!”
Well, so much for treading lightly… James groaned and turned over on his side, pulled his knees to his chest, and burrowed his face in my stomach.
“Wait a minute…” Grace said, and James groaned louder.
“James, it is nothing to be ashamed of…” I started to say.
“What do you mean ‘Tony’s best man was Mrs. Rose.’ What does that have to do with my dad?”
I sighed heavily, rolled my eyes for a moment, and turned my head on the side, my typical stance of discomfort.
“Connect the dots, sweetheart, though I suspect that they are already connected.” I told her.
“Is she talking about the Tony here? The big Tony? The scary Tony? The really tall, really thin Tony?” She asked quickly, and her eyes were filling with tears, because Tony was not shy about being gay. In fact, he was as… busy… in his love life as I was in mine. Turns out many of those Old Spirit boys who purported to hate him just wanted him, and why shouldn’t they have wanted him? He was bizarrely handsome, in what Tom had always described as a “Sherlock Holmes meets Grizzly Adams” (because this was back when Tony was a little rotund and bearded) way. He was tall and slender in the prison, but when I had first met him, he had been much rounder and much more scraggly; losing Tom had taken its toll. He had lost more weight than was healthy, though somehow, he made it work, and just like how James had shaved off his facial hair because it reminded him of me, Tony had shaved off his because it reminded him of his husband. With his new look, he was much sought after by those aforementioned Old Spirit boys, so everyone who did not already know certainly knew that he was gay, including Grace.
“Is it that Tony? Your friend?” She spat the word at me like a slur, as the tears began to leak from her eyes. James gave another groan into my stomach, but it was much louder this time.
“Stop that!” I snapped at him, as my blue eyes switched over to red, and from the red, they began to swirl with white. No one talked badly about Tony. In the same way that he would snap if anyone uttered a word against me, I would snap, as well. Tony was known to kill those who defamed me, but obviously, I would not physically harm my child. Emotionally harm, on the other hand…
“Yes, Tony and Tom were both my friends, and yes, they were together. Yes, your father was gay. Yes, your mother was very happily married to a man the Old Spirits had beheaded on the Execution Deck while your mother watched, for something utterly ridiculous.”
They had said that he had stolen from a guard. They had imprisoned him. They had killed him. A year and a half later, Rachel had gotten her release papers. They cut her sentence early, despite her closeness to me. They brutally murdered her husband in a public display, made an example out of him for the rest of us, and then took her away from me so I could not care for her in her grief. Her grief which, as I am sure you can imagine, was utterly crippling. It would have been one kind of pain to lose him on the battlefield, but to lose him there on the ship, when they were trying for a baby, when she knew that he had done nothing, that the charge was false… I remembered the day they killed him. Her scream rattled around every corner of my skull when I remembered it. I remembered the feeling of her head against my chest, of the way her body shook with sobs long after she had passed out, of how she would not allow me to let go of her for even a second, how her grief had left her utterly destroyed, unable to walk, to eat, to drink… For years afterward, she would wake up screaming or crying his name, and Janna, Illa, and I would hold her through the night.
Then there was Tony. For years after Rachel and Tom had been released from the ship, Tony had come to me when I was alone, shaking with such rage, and he would rant and rave until he couldn’t breathe about how when we escaped, he would kill every man or woman who stood in his way until he found Tom and his mother again. Sometimes, his rage would come crashing back down suddenly, and he would be besieged by tears, and sometimes, he would simply come back down slowly, and then, he would say, “It’s going to be years, isn’t it?” and I would nod, because he always knew when I was lying to him, so there was no use in doing so. Plus, he did not need me to lie for his benefit. When word reached us from the gleeful mouths of the guards that Tom and Rachel had been shot in the village square of our old home, I had tried to take Tony’s hand, but he had pulled away from me and stormed from the room. Later, he had come to the laundry room where I was working, and we had sat in the room overcrowded with sheets and uniforms and hot with the steam from the machines, and he had been totally speechless in his grief. He had not cried, but he had opened his mouth to say something one hundred times and yet nothing came out. I had held his hand, telling him how I knew. I knew better than anyone, because of James, because of Grace, and he had finally found his words. 
“They are going to take from us until there is nothing left, Brynna.” He whispered, “Even though Tom is gone, and I can’t fucking take it, I can’t fathom it, I can’t even begin to grieve for him…” The tears had started then, “I know there is more they can take, and it scares me.”
I had held his hand and leaned forward so I could rest my forehead against his. I had not said anything, because he was right, and it scared me, too.
But enough with these old memories. This old grief. Grace was on the brink of a breakdown to end all breakdowns…
“My dad was not…” She sputtered, “He couldn’t have been… He loved my mother! He loved her…”
“…As a very dear friend with whom he had experienced a long succession of terrible tragedies, yes, but he did not love her romantically. He was incapable of loving her romantically…”
“Why?!” She shouted, and her pale skin was turning splotchy now, something that had always happened to Rachel when she had gotten angry or very upset. “Because he could only love men romantically?!” She shrieked it at me like it was the worst possible insult, and Penny startled terribly and scampered to James and me. James sat up, wrapped his arms around her, and let her burrow against his chest. 
“Come on, ladies. If you want to do this, wait until you get back to your cell. Not in front of…”
“He was not sick like that!” Grace shouted, as tears poured from her eyes, “He was not a… He was not a… an… an…”
“Say it.” I told her, and it was a challenge she was, for once, not afraid to take, 
“Idem!” She shouted.
“Grace!” James bellowed, and even I jumped, because I had never expected him to shout like that, “Do not use that word in front of your sister!”
“She’s not my sister!” Grace screamed through her hiccupping sobs, “She’s not my sister, because you’re not my mother!” 
Penny, though she was technically still six or seven in body and mind, was not impervious to the cruelty of Grace’s words. She fully understood the magnitude of what Grace had just said. She knew that Grace had just disowned her, and she was not old enough to know that Grace was just angry, and she did not truly mean what she was saying. But then again, I was almost fifty in my mind, though I was still twenty-two in my body, and I did not know if Grace was merely spouting off because she was mad or if she truly meant what she was saying. Either way, Penny began to cry softly into James’s chest, and that she upset my daughter only made my ire towards Grace grow.
“I do not care how you feel about this, Grace.” I spat, “I do not care about the prejudices on which you were raised. I know that you did not learn it from Rachel or Tom, because Rachel was fully sympathetic to our way of life in Shadow Village, and Tom had never even looked at a woman in all his forty-two years on Earth!” 
“Stop it!” Grace snarled at me furiously.
“Brynna, that’s enough.” James snapped at me.
“Do not snap at me like this is my fault!” I shouted at James, “She wanted to know, so she is going to know, and the truth hurts, as they say, for her, though it should not! That she allows herself to be so ignorant as to believe that her father was sick, that Tony is sick, that her two little friends Rohanna and Yumi are sick…”
“I don’t care about the other ones! I only care about him, and he loved my mother! He loved her, and he could never be with a man like that, because it’s wrong, and he knew it was wrong.”
“Oh, did he tell you it was wrong?” I asked with yet another derisive laugh, “Did those words come out of his mouth?”
“No! But he was not sick like that! He was not…”
“He was not sick at all!” Penny screamed at her before I could reply, “There is nothing wrong with him or anyone else! If boys want to love boys, and girls want to love girls, then they can!” 
“Shh…” James told her, “It’s alright, baby. If you know that, that’s all that matters.”
“And you all are planning on escaping!” Grace shouted, “Out there, on land, if she says that, she’ll get put right back here, or she’ll be put in the Joined Hands Academy, and they’ll sort her out!”
Now, I had heard all about that damned Joined Hands Academy, and believe me when I say that the thought of few other things could make me as sad or as sick. Men and women had their little children taken away so those children could be brainwashed into believing the ways of the Old Spirits, and so the Old Spirits could have soldiers valiant to their cause when those children came of age.
So thinking of my daughter being strapped to a chair in front of a television screen until her mind was shattered made me quite angry, and within half a second, I had zoomed forward so that I was right in Grace’s face.
“I dare you to say that again, Grace DiAngelo. Regardless of the fact that you are my blood, if you say that again, I swear to God or the Gods that I will…”
“What?” She shouted, staring into my red eyes with her red eyes. For the first time, she held my gaze, “What are you going to do, Mom?! What are you going to do?!”
“That is enough!” James had put Penny down on her bed and come to stand between us, “Separate corners, now!” 
“I want to go back.” Grace cried, and she strode towards the door quickly, eager to get as far away from me as she could and forgetting, I suppose, that I shared a room with her. “I’m leaving! I won’t listen to these lies.”
“Alright, I’ll take you back.” James said, his voice quieter and calmer now that we had stopped shouting at each other. He was holding Penny again, and she was squeezing him tightly, only crying very softly now.
“Don’t go, Daddy.” She cried, “You said it could be a long time before you could come see me.”
“I’ll go back by myself.” Grace snapped, and just as she put her hand on the door, I felt that urge I always felt after a verbal disagreement or a full-out shouting match. It was the ever-present urge to have the last word.
“Well, if you see Tony—big, scary, Tony—make sure you tell him how you know all about his idem ways. Though I doubt you’ll last long after spitting that word at him.”
“Goddamn it, Brynna!” James bellowed, and Penny was sobbing again, Grace was sobbing and screaming again, and I felt, for just one minuscule second in time, like the bitch they all claimed I was. Then, I shrugged one shoulder, grinned to myself, and laughed as Grace stormed out of the room, sobbing so loudly, she would surely wake the entire children’s wing and draw the attention of the guards, which would be quite unfortunate for us.
“Nice.” James spat at me as he handed Penny to me, “Real, fucking nice, baby. Still gotta have the last word, don’t you?”
“Yup.” I replied, “Some things never change.”
“Just…” He was at the door, and he turned back to me, shaking with fury, “Stop fucking talking, would you?” 
“Nope.”
“God, you’re a child!” 
“I’m a what?” I snapped, and I put Penny down even though she was clinging to me like a little spider. Once she was on the floor with me, she wrapped her arms around my leg. “I’m sorry, I’m a what?”
“Oh, you don’t like that? Good, I’ll say it again.” He leaned closer to me and said it in my face, “You’re a child. You’re a fucking child. You heard me!”
“Well, what does that say about you, that you’re dating a child? That you’ve been dating a child for two and a half decades? I don’t do anything that you have never done, so if I am a child, then you are a child, and I will thank you not to use such foul language in front of Penny.”
He glared at me, so angry that he was shaking even worse. He wanted so desperately to say something, to have the last word (even though he had just accused me of always having to have the last word), and in typical James fashion, his last words had to also be the worst possible words.
“You know, sometimes you make me question why I’ve put up with you for so long.” He said, quietly but with enough venom to make me wince, “Sometimes, actually switching sides instead of just pretending to switch sides is preferable to watching you act like this.”
“Like what?” I snapped back instantly, “You want to say it. So be a man, and say it, James.”
Because Penny was clinging to my leg, he would not say it out loud. If he had spat it at me, I would have been able to give him the benefit of the doubt and say that he had simply spoken out of anger. But the way he leaned in and whispered it in my ear showed calculation; it showed that he had time to change his mind before he spoke.
“Like such a heartless cunt.” He spat, and believe me, I tried to fight it, for Penny’s sake. Even as my hand reared back, a little voice in my head begged me to put it down, or even to just shove him in the chest to get him away from me. But the rage was in control of every part of my body, and it was the rage that silenced the voice in my head telling me to find my calmness again. It was my rage that did not stop me from slapping him across the face not once but three times, and it was the rage that had me slapping him wherever I could reach once his arms came up to shield his face.
Finally, he reached out, not like he was going to hit me back, but just so he could restrain me, and I flinched so terribly that he immediately backed off. Penny was on the floor, sobbing, having lost her grip on my leg when I stormed towards him and started hitting him. Unfortunately, from down on the ground, she had the perfect view of her mother slapping her father repeatedly. 
“STOP IT!” She screamed, and she inserted herself in between us, crying so hard that she was gasping for air. “STOP HURTING EACH OTHER! MAMA, STOP HITTING HIM!” She pushed me in the stomach, and then turned to James, “DADDY, STOP CALLING HER NAMES! STOP IT! STOP IT! STOP IT!” 
“See what you did?!” James shouted at me, “Do you see what you did?!”
“Oh, and you did nothing?!”
“STOP IT!” Penny shrieked, and it was so loud, and so desperate that the torches lighting the room erupted upwards, brightening everything and erasing the shadows from James’s face. 
She had one hand on my stomach and one on James’s, and she was reaching out, holding us apart, and it was then that I was besieged by the urge to cry, because my mind was flashing back to my childhood on Earth, when Violet had stood between my father and me, or my mother and me, and sobbed just like Penny was sobbing. As Penny begged us not to fight, I remembered how Violet had begged my mother, father, and me not to fight. Over the years, I had come to appreciate just how big of a part I had played in Violet’s anxiety, and I prayed that one day, I would be able to tell her that I was sorry for not backing down when they enticed me into fights, and if not that, that I was sorry that she had had to see it all. I had sworn on every grave of every ancestor I had that Penny would never see James and me even verbally spar, and up until that night, she had not, but of course, that night was so terrible that she would never be able to forget it. Of course the first time she had seen us fight would be the worst fight we had had since the time James had attacked me whilst high on Peace Fruit. Of course. Of course.
He opened his mouth to say something else, something just as terrible, to pass the blame completely onto me for Penny being so upset, for Grace being so upset, and for the whole rotten night in general. 
“Just go.” I told him quietly, and because the tears had snuck up on me before, and because they were tears for Violet, I could not fight them. I turned my head away from him as they began to fall in large drops, unrelenting, down my cheeks, and for a moment, I felt an overwhelming guilt in his heart, one that temporarily erased the anger he felt at me for what he perceived to be a showing of immense cruelty on my part. But it was erased as quickly as it had come, and it was replaced not only by that rage but by great disgust, too.
“Oh, you’re going to cry now?” He spat at me, “Of course you are. Trying to make me the asshole in this, right? As always. Same old fucking Brynna, even after twenty-five years.”
“James, please.” I whispered, because now that I had started crying, I could not stop, and Grace had reappeared in the doorway, waiting for James to escort her back, and I certainly would not allow that little girl to see me cry. “Just go.”
“Fine. I will. But don’t expect me to come crawling up to you, begging. This is all you this time, baby. So until you want to grovel at my feet for once, don’t bother trying to talk to me.”
He finally left, and Penny and I were alone. I scooped her up, shocked that even with my significant muscular enhancement and her very slight frame, she was getting too heavy for me to carry. She was seven years old physically, so why that should have shocked me that she was getting heavier, I did not know. Her aging was jumpstarting again, and soon, she would more than likely not even want to be seen with me, let alone have me trying to carry her around. I giggled, somewhat more hysterically than the mental image warranted, as I pictured trying to carry her around when she was sixteen, and the girls and boys she had grown up with there in the prison were teenagers. I prayed that Penny would not go through the ‘I hate my parents’ phase, but I knew that she would. And as far as hating her parents went, I wondered if she would even be able to hate James, because as usual, our fight seemed to leave our relationship open-ended. 
“I’m so sorry, Penny.” I knelt down and put both of my hands on her face. Her cheeks that had once been so round were elongating now, steadily erasing her childish features. Soon, my baby would not be a baby anymore, and the thought of that made me cry harder. But I had had so many extra years with her being an adorable, loveable, little five or six year old girl, who was I to be greedy? And yet I could not fathom the idea of her growing older, of there being any kind of distance between us. Everything was piling up, and as she fell into my arms so I could hold her, I cried because she was getting older, because James and I had fought in front of her (because James and I had fought at all), because I had no idea how to love Grace, despite how much I had loved her when she was just a tiny flicker of light in my womb, despite the fact that she had been raised by two of my very best friends, and then I was crying because those two best friends were dead, because Violet and Elijah were somewhere out in the world and I knew not where, because Adam spent his days locked away, alone, and even though he wanted to tell me how terrible it was to be locked away in isolation like that, he did not, because he did not want me to worry, and then I was crying because Illa was not with her mother, and Janna had been raped all those years ago, and I had been raped all those years ago before that, and then I was crying because my mother was more than likely dead, but what if she wasn’t? And from there, I was crying about Luc and Rachel and how my dad had loved me once… 
It is called, quite hilariously, “tempestcerebrum” or “brainstorm” in the language of my husband’s folk. It is a condition that affected all Athenes when their huge minds became too overstimulated by past and present traumas, and by worries about the future. It happened to me more frequently than perhaps was normal; over my twenty years of being a full-fledged Athene, I had succumbed to these brainstorms two or three times a year, and my poor husband had always been there to help me sort it all out. The first time had been when I remembered, in alarming detail, what had happened with my father, after years of telling myself that it had only been Michael, that the snippets of memory in which I saw the blood all over my hands had been something my macabre brain had manufactured. Perhaps it was some vile symbolism, or some very over-exaggerated memory of what it had looked like after the first time with Michael. I could not be sure, but as I laid Penny down in bed that night and held her until she had cried herself to sleep, I found myself crying at yet another sadness: Penny would have these moments when she was older, when her power stopped occurring in snippets and began occurring in frequent bursts. She would have to come to control it, or at least handle it, the way that I had to work at handling it every day. As her head burrowed into my chest, and her breaths against my skin grew softer and more even, I held her tighter. God or Gods, how I wished she had not gotten my power.
Abe, James’s friend and a sympathizer to Adam’s cause, came to take me back to my cell well past midnight. Grace was turned away from me when I entered, awake but trying to pretend like she was asleep. I stripped out of my clothes and climbed into bed with Janna, who turned over and stroked my face.
“Did he talk to you?” I asked quietly, and she nodded.
“He is very, very angry. I have not seen him like that in a very long time. Not since that night we don’t talk about.”
The night she had fucked him in a back alley to get back at Adam and me, to put no finer point on it.
“Well, I am not totally to blame in this. I should not have hit him, but God, sometimes he just provokes me, and the things he says…”
“No, Brynna.” She told me gently, and yet still firmly, as she sat up and grasped my hand, “You should not hit him. You have always lost control that way, with him, especially, and you know that if he raised his hand to you, it would…”
“It would be different.” I snapped at her, “Because he is a man, and regardless of my stance on feminist principles, I must say that he is physically stronger than me. He’s a goddamn Herculian, for Christ’s sake.”
I reached over to the bedside table and grabbed a cigarette. After lighting one up and taking a drag, she reached out, and I handed it to her. She inhaled deeply, coughed adorably, and handed it back to me. After years of us sharing cigarettes, she still coughed on the first inhalation.
“But it is not fair of you to hit him, Brynna.” She told me, “It is not fair of him to call you terrible names. You bring out this side of each other, and thankfully, it has gotten exceedingly rare for it to get to this point. But he feels that you were unforgivably cruel tonight. He sympathizes very much with the girl. You know how he is with his children. By the One God, Violet failed out of medical school, and he would not allow you to even confront her, let alone shout at her and berate her for her immaturity.”
“I know.”
“And look at how he dotes on Penny. Grace might not be his child by birth, but she is your child by birth, and he loves her because of that.” 
“I know.” I said again, “I understand that she was raised in an environment that is hostile to our ways. I truly do understand that, Janna. But God… she sleeps in this room with us every night. She knows that Illa has two mothers. She hangs around with Rohanna and Yumi and Rael constantly, and yet she still has such prejudice in her heart. It is as though it is alright as long as it is not someone she loves. I should not allow myself to get so angry, but to hear her deny it so vehemently about Tom, it is like she invalidates him.”
“I know that you miss him, my love.” She told me, and her slender hand grasped mine, “But you have to be more understanding of Grace. You must try to be, at the very least.”
I sighed heavily, leaned closer to her, and kissed her full, soft lips. 
“How are you able to talk sense into me so easily, while Adam and James struggle for days to do the same?”
“Because though they are both such beautiful men, I am so amazingly beautiful that you become hypnotized on my beauty and from there, you become a slave to my will.”
I laughed at that, and she smiled. 
“Perhaps.” I replied, “Or perhaps it is because you coddle me.”
“It is that, too.” She replied, “Now get some rest. It is very late, and we have an early start tomorrow in the laundry room, and you know that I will want you at least twice in the shower before we start our long and tedious day of work.”
“Of course, of course.” I replied, “As you command, my annoyingly beautiful, raven-haired goddess.”
“And I do command it, my annoyingly beautiful, redwood-tree-bark-haired goddess.”
I laughed so hard that I woke up Illa and Grace. Even after such a terrible night, Janna could make me laugh. It was one of the things about her that had most surprised me, how funny she was. I fell asleep that night with my face nestled in the crook of her neck, laughing in random bursts until I fell asleep.
Janna Elohimson-Maxwell was the greatest cure for a brainstorm there ever was. Perhaps if she had been of age when the Athenes had been fighting their last fight, she could have saved them all from destruction. 
Before I fell completely to sleep, I sat up, kissed her cheek softly, and whispered that I loved her in her ear. She smiled, ran her hand up and down the arm I had draped over her, and whispered back that she knew, and that she loved me, too. Before I could wonder if the swelling of love for her in my chest was preceding some foreboding, I fell asleep.
***
“Did he raise his hand to you?” Adam asked me the next day, when I was taken, quite randomly, to his room in the middle of my shift in laundry.
I had been rather relaxed that morning, partly because Janna and I had risen early, before dawn, right when the cells were unlocked, and hurried off to the shower, where, as I reminded her each time we chose that spot for our epic love-making, we were living out the fantasies of one million men and some women, both Earthean and Pangaean. I try to keep from describing our joint showers, because the water-flowing, steam-billowing, and soap-rubbing details are so utterly cliché, and so gratuitous that they could be viewed as exploitative. Janna and I were not together for the sake of being a scintillating fantasy, we were together because we loved each other. 
Just know that after the start to our morning, I felt significantly more even. Every part of me felt more relaxed, and all throughout the morning in the laundry room, I had pulled her to me when no one was watching so I could kiss her. It was hot in the laundry room, because of all the steam from the hot water, and standing close to anyone seemed to increase the temperature by one-hundred degrees, and still, we found each other throughout the morning, and increased the temperature by one-thousand degrees.
“Of course not.” I replied to Adam as I sat on his bed, looking at him as he stood, though he was not looking at me. “How do you even know about this?”
“Grace told me.”
“When the hell did you see her?” I asked angrily.
“Today. I sensed something in your hearts, and I wanted to get to the bottom of it. It was reaching me even through all the corridors and barred doors of this ship, so clearly, it was quite serious. I wanted to handle it, and she wanted me to handle it.”
“Right. Because she cannot fight her own battles, she runs to Daddy.”
“Brynna.” He said, and his voice was quiet but very firm, which told me that he was beyond irritation, beyond just a touch of anger. “What you did was wrong. You swore to me that you would not discuss Tom and Rachel with her unless you were with me, and James said…”
“Oh, so you talked to James, as well?” I asked through a bitter laugh, “Look at all of you, banding together against me. Look at you and James, brothers-in-arms.”
“Oh, spare me the persecution complex and the thinly-veiled paranoia!” His voice rose ever so slightly, and still, it seemed to bound through the room. He stopped, took a breath, and continued quietly, “I am not going to shout at you. I have never shouted at you, and I will not start today, even though I am very angry with you. On the matter of James, I will tell you that he brought Grace to me, because she wanted to see me, and the three of us talked.”
“Wonderful. You men, I swear, I don’t know what effect you have on her, and what effect she has on you. Perhaps she knew all along that her father was not exactly devoted, at least not romantically, to her mother, so she disowned him a long time ago, and she has been looking for a big, strong, straight man to play her Daddy ever since. Either that, or I passed my attraction to older men through the womb. So pathetic…”
“The only one who is behaving pathetically here, my dear, is you.”
I looked at him, as livid as I had been the night before when James had called me a child. Who were these old men to call me out on my behavior, but especially to suggest that my behavior somehow made me less mature than they were? Adam had married me, and James had chosen to stay by my side for over twenty years. He had met me when I was actually twenty-two and not just physically so. The reason why he had not beaten himself up too badly over our relationship was because he said I was so atypical in relation to other girls my age. He would never fathom having a relationship with a girl who behaved as all twenty-two year old girls should. Adam had said the very same, and yet here they were, accusing me of this childishness with total ignorance as to how foolish it made them look, for carrying on with me. Or perhaps I was blowing it out of proportion, as they say.
“The girl was raised by Rachel and Tom, yes, but she went to school with children from Old Spirit families. From families dedicated to the Old Spirits. She attended Tyre’s services, she heard the old One God’s words, and regardless of how valiantly Rachel and Tom must have tried to keep her from picking up those prejudices, she was exposed to them every day for sixteen years. It is not her fault that she cannot accept that Tom loved other men. She has spent her entire life thinking that he was devoted to her mother, and not only that, but also thinking that for a man to love another man is wrong. It condemns one to Eternal Darkness. Her father is dead, Brynna, and if he truly did love other men, then according to their creed, he has not found peace. Instead, he is lost in some other realm, burning and drowning in darkness, constantly searching for a way out, aware that he is dead, that he has not been given salvation, but unable to find his way back.”
“That is not why she was so upset. She would not hear it. She called him ‘idem,’ Adam. She called him that terrible name, and if it were only a matter of his salvation or lack thereof, that word never could have passed her lips.”
“She is young and foolish. She knows not how serious it is.”
“Yes, she does. You and James want to think that she is so young and innocent that she doesn’t know the error of her ways. If she grew up around these prejudices, then she knows that there is no worse slur!”
“You are so stubborn.” He snapped, and his voice was an exasperated hiss. “You are as afraid of her as she is of you, if not more so. Had I known that this is how you would have treated her, I would have…”
He stopped, because unlike James, he could stop. What he was going to say was going to wound me terribly, and he gathered his sense even in the midst of his anger to stop himself from saying it. But just as I had done with James, I pushed him, except this time, I did not ask what he would have done, because I already knew exactly what he had been going to say, so I filled in the words for him.
“You would have let her die inside of me, or you would not have put her inside of me at all.”
He looked at me, unsure if I had read his mind, though I had not needed to. His eyes were so cold, so tired. He was seeing me as the villain for how I had treated Grace over the previous months. In his mind, he was thinking how peculiar it was that he respected James more than he respected me in that moment, because James had brought Grace to him, and because Grace had felt comfortable confiding in James before James had convinced her to talk to Adam. I, on the other hand, had made Grace’s life miserable since the moment I had met her, and I had made it even more miserable after I had realized that she was my daughter.
“If you want to read my mind, fine.” He told me coldly, “You do not like what you are seeing there, but it is how I feel. I know that you are capable of being better than what you are being right now. You are capable of immense kindness, and I know that because I have seen it. But as these weeks and months and years go on, I find myself less and less able to find that part of you. I shudder to think how you would be if something happened to those of us you love. It saddens me to think that your kindness could not stand if it were not for us, but…”
“Just stop right there.” I snapped at him, and my voice was trembling. “This coming from the man who tore apart not only his cities but the other cities in an effort to hunt down the man who killed his sister!”
“You will not speak of her like this, Brynna.” He snarled dangerously, “You will not use her as leverage in this…”
“Would you still be kind if I died? Would your ‘kindness stand’ if it were not for Idan and me?! I may not be the same person I was twenty-five years ago. I may be colder and more dangerous, but everything that I am now I am to protect myself and the people I love! You know nothing about me. You know nothing of the sacrifices I have made!”
“I see the effect of those sacrifices every day, Brynna!” He snapped, “Every day, I see the woman with whom I fell in love slipping further away…”
“Oh, so when you call me down into the Arena with you, and the brutal, heartless ‘warrior queen’ is of use to you…”
“That is when we are in front of the eyes of our enemies! In private, I expect you to be softer and warmer, of your old self, but instead, you push James and me away, and you use your own daughter as a means to dispel your anger with your mother, or with me, or with James, or with the Old Spirits. It is not that poor girl’s fault that she feels the way she feels! But instead of working with our child to help her see, you push her away. You chide her, and abuse her with your coldness and your insults! This is not the woman I married! The woman with whom I laid in that bed, feeling the light of our daughter’s life within her belly, the woman who confided in me all her darkest secrets every night. You say that all of this is an act, but your act is bleeding over into this room, into your dealings with James and with Grace. Janna seems to have escaped your wrath, but then, she is your little wilted flower, is she not?”
“I am sorry, would you like to be my little wilted flower, Adam?” I asked in condescending sweetness, “So I will be nice to you? Janna has ‘escaped my wrath’ because she has done nothing to deserve it. It is a strange day when I say that she is the most sensible and the most supportive out of the three of you, given the rather rocky start we had back in Shadow Village. But there you go: she is the most sensible and the most supportive, but please, do not tell yourself that she never speaks her mind about me, and that is why I do not turn my ‘wrath’ onto her. She has just mastered the skill of speaking her mind in a way that you and James cannot even fathom.”
“Oh, I am sure.” He replied sarcastically, “She coddles you, and that is what you want us to do! The second she ‘speaks her mind’ to you in a way in which you are displeased, you will begin viewing her as the villain, as well. By the One God, are Penny and Idan next? Will they be the next that you push away?!”
It was not a rhetorical question, but I treated it as such, because I knew that he was not finished. Still, the silence that fell between us was as stubborn as both of us, because neither he nor I would break it. I stood up, feeling those vile tears rising up into my eyes again. For the first time in so long, I felt totally isolated. I tried to cast my mind’s eye back to the last time I had felt this way, and my mind found the moment James had walked away from me after I had shunned him, right after we had landed. I wanted to say that I did not need them, that I would simply be alone again, but I could not fathom being without them. Perhaps that makes me a weaker woman, my reliance on those men, except it was not just them. It was Janna, and Illa, and Penny, too. 
And all of this after I had spent the last twenty-five years allowing the brother of the man who had imprisoned us to have sex with me, or to demand that I have sex with him. Sure, it was not as terrible as it could have been; the Lord of War, though he could be a rough lover, did not make me feel completely subjugated in our relationship. He always thanked me, and he always doted upon me. It did not erase what he was requiring me to do, but I had to acknowledge that it was not as bad as it could have been. Still, it was as against my will as it could be without being totally against my will, because I never would have spread my legs for him willingly, to put it vulgarly. I slept with him because he let me see my daughter, because he left Adam alone, because he could not begin to question James’s loyalty when James was often the one taking me to and from his room. I kept him pacified and swaddled, close to my breast—metaphorically, of course—because that is what he wanted and perhaps even needed. I played that role to him, so they could live. 
If saying all of that makes me sound like a martyr, or if it makes me sound like I have a “persecution complex” as Adam had suggested I did, well, I am sorry. I did not expect them to pity me, but I expected them to say “thank you” and to get off of my fucking back, pardon my vulgarity.  
After two days of getting scolded by the two men I loved most in the world, I found myself at first feeling a scorching of blind rage deep in my heart, but it was quickly extinguished by ice. It was that old ice I remembered from years before, but now, it was even colder and even harder to break. I would not shout back at him. I would not defend myself. I would not give him the satisfaction of thinking that I wanted to appease his anger by supplying some heartfelt explanation. I was feeling so cold, and yet the hot tears were in my eyes again. My next mission would be to shut them off for good, to cocoon myself in ice for the final time so that these stupid people I loved could not hurt me anymore. Every shrink I ever saw, including Savannah, had told me that it was better to love and be hurt than to feel nothing at all, but that was such utter bullshit. It was so impractical. I had been so stupid to allow those men so close to me. I had been so stupid to allow myself to love so many people, when it is only the people we love who are capable of truly hurting us. 
So instead of breaking the silence, I stood up primly and began to stride towards the door.
“Do not walk away from me, Brynna.”
“Oh, should I look at you while you’re talking to me, as well, Daniel?!” I shouted at him, and even though I did not want to appeal to his sympathy, I did. 
“Sweetheart…” He began, and his voice was only a little softer, because he thought that I was purposely playing to his sympathy.
“Just…” I held my hand up to stop him, and my eyes closed for a moment, “Just don’t, okay? I don’t need you, and I don’t need James. All I need is Penny, so when we escape at the end of our time at sea, we will go off on our own to find Violet and Eli, and then I will be right back at square one, exactly where I was before your new best friend, James, stalked me in a bar one night whilst doing your bidding.”
I turned and banged my first hard against the door, but he had come up behind me and gently placed his hands on my shoulders.
“Don’t touch me!”
I banged the door again, this time so hard that the side of my hand ached.
“No.” He said, “We have never left each other angry, and we will not start now. The moment we start will be the moment our downfall begins, and I love you too much to see our marriage go the way of mine and Janna’s.” 
“You love me when I am what you want me to be, and only then.” I snapped back, and when I banged the door with my fist again, cursing the guards in my mind, he reached out and grasped my wrist, but not before I had sufficiently bruised my hand.
“Stop.” He whispered, and his head was hung so that he could whisper in my ear, “I love you always. Sit down, and we will talk. I want to hear your side.”
“No, you don’t.” I snapped, “Neither of you care about that. You are just threatened by what I have become because you think that it gives me independence from both of you, so you choose to think that I have victimized a little ignorant Old Spirit child who just so happens to be the same child I put in Rachel all those years ago.”
“I want to hear everything that has happened over these past few weeks that you have not told me. You have been so troubled, and I want to know why. My love, my beauty, please tell me.” 
“No!” I snapped, and I stomped my foot and pulled against his embrace until one of my arms was free, and I could bang on the door again. The tears were falling, my heart was racing, and I knew that soon, it would all burst out of me. I had kept my silence for so many years, and if Adam kept prodding me so gently, promising me his understanding and his protection, I would tell him what the Warden and I had done. He thought that it had only been for a few weeks that something had been upsetting me, but it had actually only been a few weeks since mine and Tyre’s conversation, which is what had finally turned the general upset into panic. I had been generally upset for twenty years. Still, he was asking me to tell him all now, and I wanted to. More than anything, I wanted to. As always, my husband could exorcise all the darkness from inside of me when no one else could even breach the surface.
“I am just… I am just cruel, and angry, and this is who I am now, and…” I started to say, but he shushed me and kissed the back of my neck. 
“You want to tell me. You have wanted to tell me all along, and you are safe here with me now, so you may tell me.”
“I can’t!” I cried, “I can’t, Adam! You don’t understand!”
“You can, and help me understand.”
“No.” I replied firmly, and I broke free from him, but he held me again.
“He told me not to tell anyone,” I said softly, “But I told Tyre, and James already knew, but if I told you, you’d kill him, and if you tried to kill him, he’d kill you, and I have been stopping him all this time, but now, I violated the contract, he says, and now, he’s going to take away everyone I love, because I told Tyre…”
And so it began. The inevitable result of a brainstorm? A long and intricate, but not totally logical or linear, spewing of secrets.
“I told Tyre, and he promised that he wouldn’t let him hurt all of you, but then the Warden said that I violated the contract, and I will never be a good mother, either! Not to Grace! Because when I passed her to Rachel, a part of me hoped she would die. I hoped she would die, Adam, because she would be growing up out there, with them, with the Old Spirits, where they could corrupt her, and make her hate us, and my mother loved me so much, but then she hated me, and I loved Violet when she was small, and then I pushed her away, and now, Penny is getting older, and I’ll do the same to her, because I can’t do this, Adam, something’s off. Something’s wrong. Something’s broken. And…” I was gasping, hyperventilating. My knees had given out, and I had not noticed. We were on the floor, him behind me, holding me, telling me everything was going to be alright, urging me to keep going.
“You can’t hurt him!” I cried, and my voice was eerily similar to how Penny’s had sounded the night before, “Don’t you understand that it’s all my fault, Adam?! He said he’d kill all of you, so I said he could have me when he wanted, and it’s nothing. Really, it’s nothing, because I said it was alright, and he said to close my eyes and pretend it was you, but you’d never do those things to me, not like that, and I let him because I love you, and I love Penny, and Janna…”
My words dissolved into a long, sickened moan, and my body lurched forward. My hands came up to cover my mouth, hoping that it would keep the bile down, but it didn’t. My vomit spewed all over me, all over his floor, because I had kept it a secret for so long, and now, I was literally sick with worry that Adam would try to hurt him, and the Lord of War would prove his name and kill him first, or that the Lord of War would make good on his promise and slash Adam’s throat while he slept. My head was pounding, my stomach was rolling, and all the while, I was crying, doubled over, with Adam holding my hair back as I lost the few contents of my stomach all over his floor. When it was finally over, he turned me to him, wiped the vomit from my mouth with his hands, and then kissed my forehead slowly, over and over again, whispering to me that he was so sorry, asking why I hadn’t told him, why had I let myself carry the burden alone for so long? 
I didn’t answer, because the Lord of War’s words from the previous day were echoing around in my mind. I could feel his hands grasping my upper arms in that impossibly tight, impossibly painful grip. 
“And once I have fucked you while you are bathed in their blood, I may be merciful and snap your neck, or perhaps I will be a mad dog and sell you to the Unallied, let them put you on a leash and make you lie on your back for one hundred men when it’s time to breed…”
“No.” Adam told me firmly in my ear, because my mind had grabbed onto his and was holding on for dear life, needing to tell someone that the Warden had sworn to destroy me, that my serving him for so many years had been for nothing. “Do not think on it for even one second, my love. My perfect love. His filthy hands will never touch you again, and you will never be anywhere but right here with us, with all you hold dear.”
“Oh, God…” I groaned, “Oh, my God…I don’t know what to do… I have to calm him down, I have to do something… I don’t know what I should let him do, or what I should do to him, but I will let him do what he wants, because he is going to kill all of you and maybe me if I don’t…”
“No.” He said firmly again, “No, my love. You do not have to do that anymore.”
“I do, Adam. I do. Of course I do. He is so angry. His mind… It was so… dark, and so full of what he was going to do… I can’t stand to see it…”
“Shh… Leave this to me now, my love. James and I will make this right. Together, we will protect you, and we will take you far from here, far from him, I promise you. Look at me.” He pulled me away from him so that I could look into his face, “Look at me.” He brushed my hair away from my face and then wiped my tears away with his thumbs.
“I ask now that you let me take care of you.” He whispered, before kissing my forehead again and both of my tear-stained cheeks. “May I, Brynna? May I remedy this for you?”
“I don’t want you to get hurt. I don’t want them to get hurt, and I don’t want to get hurt.” I said, and I could barely get the words out because my sobs were so forceful and my lungs were still gasping for air. “It will all have been for nothing if something happens to all of you, Adam.”
“I will not get hurt. I will do this not by acting on the impulses of the blind rage that I feel, but as safely as I can. I promise you that I will not allow harm to come to me or anyone else you love, and that very soon, I will take you far from this place, and far from him. I promise you that.”
I nodded, pressed my forehead to his, and held his face in both hands.
“I cannot tell you how scared I am, Adam.” I whispered, so softly that I was sure he could not have heard me, “There are no words for it.” I pressed my forehead to his and took a shuddering breath as both of my hands came up to grasp his face, “I have never felt anything in my life like this fear.” My voice broke, “I am so afraid, Adam. I am so afraid.”
His arms tightened around me, and I brought my head down to nestle it under his as I cried. The tears ran hot and fast down my cheeks, seemingly without end, and in both of my hands, I was holding a fistful of his shirt so hard that my hands were shaking and my fingers were numb. 
In my ear, he whispered, “I know. I can feel it in your heart.”
“Yes. Some Warrior Queen I am.” I said, “I am supposed to be fearless and strong, and I am always supposed to know a way out of these tight spots in which we find ourselves. And look at me… Full to the brim with fear, and crying like a goddamn three-year-old against you. What is this changing? What is this helping? I am so weak, Adam. I know we say that I am a Warrior Queen in jest, but I have always liked to think of myself as that, and now, I am…”
His finger rested under my chin, and he raised my head so he could gently hold his lips to mine. For several long moments, we kissed, and when our lips finally broke apart, he whispered:
“It is not in jest. It was never in jest. And you are her. Through and through, you are a Warrior Queen. That you are afraid means nothing; it does not revoke the title. Do you know why? It is because while we are afraid, we show our capacity for courage. He has threatened every person you have ever loved. He gave you one way to pacify him, and it was to do something you dreaded doing with him and feared doing with anyone for many years. He has threatened your life, and threatened to sell you into slavery, and still, you did not break. All these years that he has threatened you, and required this of you, you have not broken. You are…” He kissed me, “…the strongest woman in any world, Brynna Elohimson. You are a Warrior Queen, through and through, and I am in awe of you, and I am undeserving of you, and I am so proud to be your husband that I cannot even begin to describe it. I love you so much, and once again, I am in awe of you.”
I nodded, nestled my forehead against his for a moment, and then brought my head down to rest on his chest. 
“I love you so much, Adam.” I cried, “And I’m sorry.”
“No.” He shook his head, “I am sorry. I am sorry that I did not look deeper into you to see how far down you were feeling this fear. I should have been more attentive, more persistent. Instead, I chose to think that you were merely slipping away from me, that you were allowing yourself to become cruel. I am sorry, Brynna.”
“I should have told you. I wanted to. There have been so many times over the years when I have wanted to tell you, but I know how angry you get, and if James knew what he said to me right after he found out I had told Tyre, he would try to kill him, so please don’t tell him. Please.”
“If you do not want him to know, then it will stay between us. He will help me in speeding up our escape plan, but besides that, he will know nothing unless you tell him. Alright?”
I nodded and said, “Alright.”
“Your strength knows no bounds, my love.” He whispered, as his hands began to rub my back, “You are so strong, to have sacrificed so much for those of us you love for so long. Truly, your strength and your capacity for love boggle me.”
I shook my head. 
“I failed the second I told Tyre.” I whispered, and the shame in my voice sounded foreign to me, though I felt every bit of it in my heart. “I just wanted it to stop, but now I have put your lives in even more danger, and if something happens, I will never be able to live with myself. I will want to die, too, but he said he might not just let me die… He might…”
“You have not failed.” He told me firmly, “And you do not have to worry about anything that he said, nor do you have to worry that anything will happen. I will end this, Brynna. I promise you. Now, come.” He placed an arm under my legs and lifted me into his arm, “I know how you love your hot baths when you are tense.”
He carried me into the bathroom, undressed me and himself, and then washed me once we were in the bathwater together. I began to doze against him as he massaged my shoulders in the steaming hot water, and when he took me out into his chilly room, I fell almost completely asleep as he dressed me again. 
“Tell me.” I whispered as he covered me up. “Hold me, and tell me again.”
His lips pressed to mine very gently, and just as gently, his tongue slipped into my mouth. After we had kissed for a good long while, he pulled the covers up and slipped into bed beside me. 
“We will go far from the cities, to the villages at the base of the mountains, where the forest is not bathed in shadow, and the rivers run shallow and clear.” He told me gently, “There in that sunbathed, country land, I will build you not just a house but an entire farm, and together with our girls and Idan, and James and Janna, and Illa and Tony, we will raise crops and animals. Violet, Quinn, Alice, and Eli will be there, and Lucy and Macie Miletus will be there for Illa. We will hide away from this war, from these people who want to cause us harm. We will fish on the river, and we will drive canoes down its banks, and the children will grow up so happily, and they will forget all about these dark times as the years go on. The sun will shine each day, and when it does not shine, the rain will cleanse and nourish our land, and all the while, the wind will smell like all the trees of the forest, and for all eternity, we will stay there, safe, and happy, and over time, we will become whole again. Every sadness and darkness we have ever endured will be so far into the past, we will scarcely remember it.” My eyes closed as he talked, as he stroked my hair slowly with his hand. “I promise you all of this, my queen. I promise you eternal happiness. I promise you one million years of peace. I promise you that all of this will be gone. Now rest, my beauty.”
***
“Brynna?”
The kiss he planted on my lips was as gentle as his whisper. 
“You must wake now, my love.”
He held my chin between his thumb and forefinger and gently parted my lips with his tongue. As he kissed me, that warm tickling sensation flowed through every inch of my body, and before I had even fully awoken, I was kissing him back, moving my lips against his lips and finding his tongue with mine. 
“They will be coming to take you back soon.” He told me, and my eyes, blurry from sleep, looked up at him so that I could find where his hands were rested. He was propped up over top of me on his fists, so at first, when I tried to grasp his hands, I had to settle for grasping his wrists, but then, he flattened his hands, and I linked my fingers with his. 
“I don’t want to go.” I told him, so softly that he had to dip his head down next to my mouth to hear me.
“I know, my love.” He kissed me again, “But it will be time for our ‘monthly congress’ soon…” I smiled and laughed sleepily, “So we will have three days together.” 
“I wish I could stay with you.”
“And soon, you will. Soon, when we leave here, we will be together as we would have been outside of this place.” He nestled his forehead against mine and kissed me one last time, “I got you something.”
“What?” I asked softly.
“Well, I did not get it myself. I had one of James’s men procure it for me in Estersea. You must be very careful who sees you wearing it, because if the wrong person sees, he will tell the Warden, and the Warden will know that we have our allies amongst his men. I asked for it weeks ago, when I began to notice that you were very tense. I thought that the years spent in this place were beginning to catch up to you, and I knew that I needed to act, to remind you of the world we left behind. It arrived just now while you were sleeping. I wanted you to have something after all you have endured these past few weeks.” 
“Am I going to cry?”
“I certainly hope not, but you may.”
He handed me a small box, and I knew, immediately, that it was a ring. My heart surged upwards, and my eyes filled with tears as I opened the box to find a silver band, at the top of which was a small pearl surrounded by small diamonds. A soft gasp escaped me as I pulled the ring from the box and started to slide it on my finger.
“Wait a second, you have to do this.” I told him, and he chuckled softly and took the ring from me. I held my hand out to him and he slid it onto my finger before kissing each of my fingers in turn. 
“I am sorry that it has taken me this long to give you a ring. You are my wife, and you deserved a ring from the moment we said our vows. Do you remember that?”
“Of course I do.” I whispered, as the tears began to leak from my eyes, “Despite all that had just happened, it was one of the happiest nights of my life, Adam. Well, those were some of the happiest moments, I should say. The night was still rather terrible.”
“Yes.” He replied with a laugh, “It was.”
“This is so beautiful, Adam.” I breathed as I held out my hand to look at the ring, “I love it so much, and this will go right up there with the night we said our vows as one of the happiest moments of my life, truly. God, it is so beautiful!” I said, and I cried a little harder, “I wish I could wear it all the time.”
“Well, luckily, I thought of that, as well, and I had my guard friend also get a chain.” He pulled it out of the bottom of the box, “It is a rare metal found in the caves far to the south. It is known as ‘chameleon gold’ because it matches skin tone. Here, let me see the ring.”
Reluctantly, I took it off, and he slid the ring onto the shimmering gold chain, and then clasped the chain behind my head.
“Look in the mirror.” He had my hand mirror on the bedside table, and when I looked into it, I saw that the chain was completely invisible around my neck.
“How does it do that?” I asked, shocked, as I turned my head from side to side and found that no matter the lighting, there was no sign of the chain around my neck.
“One of nature’s mysteries. Now you do not have to keep it hidden in your cell when you are out and about.” He placed his hand under my chin and lifted my head, “Now I will be with you even when you are not with me.” 
My eyes welled with tears again, and I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him hard on the lips.
“I love it, Adam. I love it so much that I am already thinking how devastated I would be if something happened to it.”
“Do not think such things already. Allow yourself to be happy. Do not let yourself worry, not now, when your heart is so moved.”
“You’re right.” I told him, and I looked at the door, “How much time do you think we have?”
“About twenty minutes.”
“Perfect.” I told him, and I tackled him backwards so his back was pressed into the mattress, “Nineteen more than I need.”
He laughed raucously and only stopped once I had thrown my clothes off in a hurry and sat straddling him, completely naked. Then, his eyes glazed over, and his hands crept up my flat stomach to grasp both of my breasts. The chain hung down perfectly between them, looking like it was dangling there in midair, but he was not looking at the ring, even though it looked like it was denying basic physics. Instead, he began to gently roll his fingers over my nipples, massaging them with his thumbs, squeezing them in the crook between his thumb and forefinger, and as he massaged me, my hips began to rock back and forth against him as he grew harder for me. My head tilted back, and I breathed in slowly and deeply as my fingers unbuttoned his shirt. How after so many years he managed to stay so perfectly fit, even though he was kept locked away in a room alone, I didn’t know. How after seeing his body so many times, I was still so wildly aroused by the ridges of his abs and the bulges of his arm muscles and the rocky terrain of his back, I didn’t know. Stereotypes would tell us that the reason why he was still aroused by the sight of me was because he was a hot-blooded man, and as long as there were breasts and a place to ‘sheath his sword,’ if I may be vulgar (and I may, because these are my transmissions), then of course he was aroused. But I knew how his mind processed the sight of my body, how the sight of my full, ripe breasts made his hands tingle with the sensation of having them rested in his palms, how the toned muscles of my stomach made him want to press his palm into it, how the curves of my hips made him want to hold on to each side of me, and how the smooth curve of my butt made him want to grab with both hands and squeeze. Perhaps it was a part of that stereotype about men just wanting anything with breasts and a vagina, but perhaps it wasn’t. I know for Adam, his eyes were tied directly to the need to touch me, so as I unbuttoned his pants and slid myself down onto him (because he was already standing completely erect, even though I had only been perched on top of him for a few minutes), his hands squeezed my breasts hard before moving down to wrap around behind me and grab hold of my butt. 
“Oh, my love…” He breathed as my upper body tilted backwards and my breasts heaved towards the ceiling. I bucked my hips slowly, pushing him deeper and deeper into me, adjusting until I felt him brushing against my spot. Feeling him there elicited a soft moan from me of pleasure, certainly, but also of surprise.
“There you are.” He told me, “Tilt back. Good. Do you feel it?”
I nodded, moaning a little louder.
He sat up and flicked his tongue slowly over my right nipple before kissing his way over to my left and flicking that one, too. My moans started as my hips thrust harder and my hands grasped two fistfuls of the bed sheets. As my body began to tingle all over with the need to come, a long, drawn out, moaning, “Ohhhhhhhh,” escaped me. The release was perfect, ascending to its most intense peak slowly, which made me breathe in and gasp out his name and squeeze the sheets harder, and I trickled back down just as slowly, my body trembling as I laid down on him, my sweating skin pressing to his sweating skin. His heart thudded against mine so hard that I felt the vibrations through my entire body, and I knew that he could feel mine beating just as hard against him. 
The door opened just as I sat up slightly so I could kiss him, and one of the Lord of War’s dedicated guards got the view of a lifetime. His eyes bugged, his gasp was so sharp that it was almost comical, but did he turn away? Of course not. I was in such a state of shock that I just stared back at him, my eyes wide and my mouth agape, but Adam was alert enough for the two of us. He flipped me over so my back was on the bed, grabbed the throw blanket, and wrapped me up in it, shielding me from the gaze of the men in our doorway and giving them a full view of him, which made me chuckle heartily, believe me.
“Does your Master not teach you to knock, you fucking imbeciles!?” Adam snapped, and I gasped, because I so rarely heard such vulgar language from him. “I do apologize for my coarse language, my love, but really. Close the door so that she can get dressed! By the One God, what bloody simpletons.” 
They closed the door, but not before I heard one of them mutter, “Her tits!” and another exclaim, “I know, and his… it’s a fucking monster!”
“Did that just happen?” I asked him as he nestled his head against mine and kissed me one last time. 
“It seems we have gained more fans.”
“Well, our sex life gained legendary status after the stunt we pulled in the prison of Shadow Village. I am not sure if you have heard them say it, but there is a popular expression amongst the common-folk in General Population: ‘Hung like Rexprimus,’ and I never shared this with you because I knew that a) I would have to explain to you what ‘hung’ meant in this context, and b) because I knew that it would bring you such pleasure to know that they have made a common saying out of their admiration for your massive appendage.”
Once again, I had him practically rolling with laughter. Not to sound arrogant (though many will tell you that I always sound arrogant and have never cared to excuse it before), but I truly was the only person who could make him laugh like that, for whatever reason. Sometimes, when I made a mental list of all the reasons why my men loved me, I put my sense of humor almost at the top of the list, because if there was one thing that I was able to do to them, and they were able to do to me, it was to make them laugh despite how dark and humorless our lives became. It was a trait I valued in myself, and it was a trait I valued in them, and when Adam’s kisses on my lips were interrupted by his laughs, I could not help but smile proudly.
“Well, goodnight to you and your monster.” I told him, “Tell him your wife said, ‘Job well done, and I will see you in a week or two for another round.’”
“I will let him know. He misses you already.”
“And she,” I framed my lower anatomy by making my hands into a “V” shapes, “…misses you already, as well.” I told him. “Your monster, your tongue, your fingers… She misses them all.”
“Oh, Mrs. Elohimson… Keep up that talk, and I will have you against that door so they cannot barge in and interrupt us.” 
“Oh, what is that?” I asked, looking down between my legs, “She says, ‘Put your monster where her mouth is, Mr. Elohimson,’” I said, and he would have laughed at the cleverness of it had he not rushed forward, pulled the blanket I had wrapped around myself off, and pressed my back to the door. 
“I cannot believe that personifying our genitals has had this effect on us both…” I breathed, and he chuckled even as he sucked my neck, “But by the One God, my husband, I will not question it.”
He turned me around so my back was to him and rooted one of his knees between my legs so they were spread for him, and then, checking with two fingers to make sure I was still ready, he pushed himself into me hard with a low growl in his throat followed by a grunt. 
Hilariously, the boys outside knocked, and one said, “Mr. and Mrs. Elohimson?” and I laughed until he gave one particularly well-aimed thrust right into my spot again. Then I was moaning his name out, breathing out the two syllables one at a time; they were punctuated in between with another sharp inhalation. One of his arms was draped around my middle, holding me to him so he could keep thrusting into me so perfectly, and the other was holding one of my shoulders, pulling backwards so my breasts were thrust forward and pressed into the smooth, cold wood of his cell’s door. My head tilted back so it was rested against his shoulder, and his hand came around to my neck, cupped under my chin, and turned my head back so his mouth could take mine forcefully, so his tongue could chase and wrestle my tongue as our lips moved as hard and fast together as our hips were moving. 
The spontaneity, intensity, and weirdness of it made him come faster than he had ever come before, and before I could tell him that it was alright that I hadn’t come, too, he turned me to him, dropped to his knees in front of me, and finished me off with his tongue and his fingers. The moan I let out was closer to a scream, and the banging on the door grew more insistent. I collapsed forward, my small body draped over his shoulder, and after a second or two of recuperation, he lifted me up. It startled me, so I yelped playfully and whacked his back. 
“My stars, man, you lift me like I am full of feathers.”
“By the One God, woman, it is because to me, you are about as heavy as you would be if you were full of feathers.”
He flipped me off of his shoulder onto the bed, and I giggled as my body plopped onto the plushy comforter and sunk in. I rose onto my knees, threw my arms around his neck, and kissed him full on the mouth again, because truly, that night, I could not get enough of him. 
“I want you one hundred times tonight, Adam.” I told him, “I want you to make me come over and over again, until the sun comes up.”
He exhaled slowly, trying to grasp for some semblance of control, but when I talked like that, I made it nearly impossible, I knew, and I loved it. I loved watching the great King of Pangaea buckle just at my words. I loved knowing the effect I had on him. 
“You are…” He kissed me, “…insatiable, my beauty…” He kissed me again, “…and I would love nothing more…” He gave me a very light nibble right where my shoulder met my neck, and I giggled again, “…than to give you pleasure all night long…” His mouth came to my ear, “And when we leave this place,” He whispered, “…on our very first night of freedom, I will.” His tongue flicked under my earlobe and pulled it into his mouth where he sucked it very gently, “But until then…” His hand came around behind me, and he smacked me only somewhat lightly on my butt, which caused me to yelp in surprise again but then laugh, “I must get you dressed and return you to the General Population, lest we wish to attract the attention of our friend, the Warden, so you must somehow stop being so…” His lips pressed to my neck, “unbelievably…” They pressed to my chest, “…sensual…” They enclosed over one of my breasts and sucked gently, “…and beautiful…” His tongue pushed my nipple in, but then his lips sucked it hard, and yet another moan escaped me, “…and perfect. Alright?”
I ran my fingers into his hair and gripped two handfuls gently as he kissed his way back up to my lips, which he pecked gently.
“Oh, alright.” I replied with an exaggerated eye roll and sigh, to which he chuckled. The knocks on the door came again.
“Mr. and Mrs. Elohimson, we are coming in whether you are ready or not. Play-time is over.” An older male voice, one that was more firm, less afraid, said. 
“She is getting dressed!” Adam shouted back, “Just five more minutes.”
“And for your information, play-time is never over.” I replied as I pulled the pants of my prison uniform up and readjusted my bra. Adam had pulled his pants back on but was still shirtless, and as the door opened, I looked him up and down, watching as he fastened his belt and biting my lower lip because I wanted to bite him.
“Mmm!” I exclaimed, “And by the way, Mister, if you want to spank my ‘bum,’ as you like to say, can you please do it before I have an orgasm? Because when you do it after, it just makes me begin to ascend that peak again, and then we get interrupted, and it is just not fair.”
“Oh, you liked that, did you?” He asked, “I shall have to remember.”
The guard who had spoken gruffly took me by the elbow and began to pull me away, but I broke away, kissed Adam one last time, and held him until they had to lift me and carry me away. My hands stayed locked with his until the very last moment, and he kissed them over and over again. Even as they broke our grasp and carried me from the room, I was smiling brightly, and he was grinning his slight, bright-eyed grin, too.
By the one God, or by the Gods, and oh, my stars and heavens and hells, I loved that man. With every inch of my being, with every scrap of my heart, I loved him. 
I always felt those random tidal swells of love for them when a terrible threat was imminent. Soon, it would rear its head, I knew. 
***
“Why do you get so sad when you think about me aging, Mama?”
There had been no hints given to me from the flow of her thoughts that the question was coming. Being blindsided, especially by a child, was quite a blow to my confidence, but then, this was my daughter, and she was brilliance beyond me, so of course she had been able to sneak up on me. I looked at her for a moment, and then diverted my gaze. For the life of me, I could not think of a sufficient answer. Did I admit to what I felt when I thought of her aging? Did I try to explain it to her when I could barely explain it to myself? Or did I lie, and tell her that she was mistaken?
Lying wasn’t an option. I reminded myself that she was brilliance beyond me, and sighed heavily.
“I want you to age, Penny. Daddy wants you to age. Adam wants both you and Idan to age. It’s time. You have been scared all of these years, and perhaps somewhere in your mind, you and Idan and the other children in here have acknowledged that staying young protects you from harm, and you would be right. That alone would drive my wish for you to stay as you are now.”
“But it isn’t just that alone.” She said, and it was half a question, half a statement, and spoken so matter-of-factly. 
“No.” I answered, looking up into her large blue eyes set into her perfectly round cheeks that flushed all pink when she laughed or cried. I could not picture looking upon a more mature version of that face, even though I was beginning to see traces of that version every day. I could not imagine her any different than how she was then. I had been spoiled with her unchanging youth, and now, I had to let go, but I could not let her go.
She reached out to me, having read those thoughts as they ran, frantic and yet tangled with sadness, through my mind. Her little hand grasped mine, and tears came into my eyes when she squeezed gently.
“Mama,” She said, “You and I are always going to be together. That is what you are afraid of. You won’t say it, but that’s what I see in your mind.”
I wanted to scold her for entering my mind, but I knew she could not help it. I wanted to be angry, more that there was that truth in my heart and mind for her to know at all, and not that she had found out. I was so profoundly selfish. I wanted her to stay as she was because I could love her very easily when she was that way. When she became a teenager, she would forge her way in the world, and that would inevitably require her to leave James and me—but especially me—behind. She had been my entire world from the moment she was born. I had loved her, somewhat inexplicably, as my own child rather than just as a sister. Perhaps it is not inexplicable—my mother had gone right back to nightly (and sometimes daily) imbibing, and if I had not stepped in, Penny would have sat in diapers full of her own excrement, drinking bottles of booze-laced breast milk, slowly dying. Of course I had stepped in. Of course I had loved her. But there had been a moment right after she was born when I had wondered if perhaps our mother was going to be better. Perhaps seeing that beautiful little baby girl would change her. As I was thinking those thoughts, and praying for them, I was loving Penny as my own. Does that seem paradoxical? Does that seem strange? It does and it does not to me, because I tell myself that I knew she could never be different, that not even a perfect child such as Penny could change her. But still, it rings strange to me when I think how instantaneously I had loved Penny as my own child. It had not been bred from need, from Penny’s need for me, because I had thought for a moment that my mother could be better for Penny’s sake, but instead, it was bred from nature, from the moment I saw her. 
So to picture her leaving me, after all we had been through together, was a thought with which I could not grapple. I loved her too much for my own good, and for her own good. I wanted her to stay young so she could not go off into that big, dangerous, terrifying, exciting, beautiful world into which we had escaped the end of our world. I did not want the target painted in red upon her back to darken each year that she aged. I did not want to fear pushing her away, as I had done to Violet, when Violet had begun to stand on her own. 
I was selfish, because part of the reason why I loved them is because they made me feel needed, while my parents had made me feel disposable. I have heard that this is common, and perhaps you have felt this way. I cannot forgive myself for it now, because though it was nature that kept her young and not my wishing, I did not know if, when given the chance for a wish granted, I would not have wished for her to stay young. There were so many reasons why I wanted her to stay as she was, and some were self-centered, and some were not. 
“You are always so good at hiding when you’re afraid.” She told me softly, “But you can’t hide it now. You’re afraid for me, Mama. You’re afraid for you, too. But why do you feel so bad about it?”
“Because I should have been encouraging you for all of these years to try to age. You deserve a normal life. You deserve to age until your fixed point, and then stop, and then go off and do whatever you want to do. I have loved having you as my little girl for all of this extra time, and that is wrong, Penny. I should not have thanked God or the Gods for it. I should have been asking for them to jumpstart the aging process again. It was wrong of me, Penny.”
She squeezed my hands again.
“Are you going to love me any less than you do now when I’m older?”
The question shocked me. When I went to answer, I stuttered over my words until I could finally exclaim, “No!” very emphatically. After the word had left my mouth, I realized what she had done. She had seen that fear inside of me and forced me, by throwing the question of it at me when I was least expecting it, to see that to fear it was silly. It was so unfounded. I loved her as a child so much that it boggled me, and I would love her as a teenager and as an adult as I loved her then. My love for Violet had been that of a sibling. My love for Penny was the boundless, powerful, infinite, great and terrible love of a mother. A true mother, not the sad excuse that we had both been given in the beginning. 
As I swiped at the tears that were overflowing out of my eyes, she smiled.
“Mama.” She said, “You gotta stop worrying so much.” 
God, she sounded like James when she said that…
“Everything is going to change soon, and things are going to be hard, and scary, and sad, but everything will be okay in the end. Isn’t that what you always say?”
I did say that, but I said it to reassure her, not because I had seen it. I did not know which of us would survive the war, or if any of us would. But the way she was smiling, the way her eyes were so full of light and calm, told me that she had seen it, and though she might only be seeing the end of one darkness that would certainly be followed by another—if she saw us surviving one fight only to be thrust into the next—or if we would truly all see the end of the war, I did not know. But when I wiped the tears from my eyes again, I found that they were the last to fall. 
“That is what I say, baby.” I told her, and we laid back in her bed. She cuddled up in my arms as she always did, and nestled her head against my chest. But when she began to talk to me soothingly, the way I always talked to her, I could not help but smile at the role reversal. I could not help but beam with pride at how smart, wise, and mature my little girl was becoming.
“You have to trust me, Mom.” She whispered, “Everything is going to be okay. Even when it seems like everywhere in the world has gone dark, there will still be a tiny sliver of light. Sometimes, it’s so small you can’t even see it or sense it. Sometimes, it is right there, right where you can reach it. But it’s always there, Mama. You know that. It doesn’t matter who is beside you, or who is gone, you have to know that the light is always there.”
Her voice was weighted with sleep, and I knew that she was lying with her eyes closed as she spoke. My eyes were closed, as well, and I could feel sleep’s arms slowly tightening around me. 
“The light is there, Mama. Okay?”
I nodded, and answered, “Okay.”
The slight, silent storm of worry I had scarcely seen in her heart calmed. She smiled, and fell off to sleep.
***
“Hey!” James’s voice barked as I walked back to my cell with Illa and Janna later the next night, after dinner. His hand grasped my wrist roughly, and he began to pull me away, and I could not determine if it was part of our act, or if he truly was still angry with me. But once we were safely hidden in an alcove by the bathrooms, he spun me towards him and kissed me hard enough to convey the apology I knew would come when our lips broke apart. 
“I’m sorry,” He said, right on cue, “I’m so sorry, baby. I was so out of line. I was so wrong.”
“It’s okay.”
“It’s not.” He said as I wrapped my arms around his neck, “It’s not okay, baby.”
“It is. I would be angrier if we were not here, and if things were not so precarious. I don’t want to be angry with you, not when every time I see you could be the last time.” I nestled my face in his neck and kissed him. His arms tightened around me, and his lips feverishly kissed me wherever they could find my bare skin, because he knew I was right. The tension on that ship was palpable, and because I felt it, James felt it, too. 
“I know your temper makes you say things you don’t mean. You know my temper makes me slap you when I shouldn’t. So, I am sorry I hit you. It was wrong of me, and I am very sorry, James.”
“Stop. I don’t want you to apologize. If I hadn’t called you what I called you, you wouldn’t have slapped me…”
“Regardless of what you called me, I should not have slapped you. We are equally responsible in the ugliness from the other night. That is all I wish to say about it. I am sorry, you are sorry, now shut up and hold me.”
He smiled, kissed me again, and pulled me to him. I nestled my head under his and closed my eyes, and after a few minutes, I could almost forget where we were. I could almost drown out the sound of one thousand feet shuffling across the floor towards the dormitories. I could almost ignore the smell of cigars on James’s officer uniform, and I could almost forget the ache in my bones that came from working a full day in laundry. After a few moments of silence between us, he spoke.
“It’s happening soon, baby. I talked to Adam, and we’re putting the wheels in motion. We’re going to be out of here soon. I can’t believe I am going to say this, but Adam and I are going to take you away from him together. We’re going to take you far away from here, where he can’t hurt you anymore. I promise. And I love you, by the way. I haven’t said that yet, but I love you so much, and I’ve been dying of guilt since two nights ago, so I’m going to tell you again… I love you. Even when you get all scary and mean.”
“I love you.” I replied, “Even when you say vile things and are totally ignorant to my side of an argument.”
“Fair enough.” He replied with a grin.
“It’s over. It’s done. I’m sorry for the part I played in it, and I love you. I have to get back soon. Do you want to make out for a few minutes?”
Without hesitation, he reached out, took my arm, spun me towards him again, and dipped me backwards.
“Boy, do I.”
I giggled louder than perhaps was wise, considering there were many people strolling by, but luckily, none came to investigate the source of the sound. His mouth covered mine, and my tongue attacked his, and for a good long while, we kissed like two teenagers in the backseat of a car. 
If I think about it, that might not be the best simile, considering that physically, at least, I was only a few years out of my teens, and he was many years passed his. But whatever. Both of us had the friskiness of teenagers, so sue us, as they say.
And on the subject of friskiness, I said to him:
 “If you can be quick, then we can have a quickie, even though you know I hate that word.”
“But you don’t hate what the word means, and you know I can be quick.” 
“Yes.” I replied, ‘I do.”
He laughed boisterously, in that typical raucous style that always made me laugh right along with him. I slapped his chest and said, “Shh!” as he said, “I walked right into that. Twenty-five years, and I still walk right into it.”
“Yes, well, walk right into me right now. We’re running out of time, James.”
“You got it, madam.”
Half-clothed and three feet from the moving populace of prison inmates, against the wall, we made love, and he made good on his promise to be quick, and I was quick, too. I buried my face in his neck to stifle my final moan, and then, I stood on my tiptoes, kissed him hard, and started to scamper off so I could lose myself in the massive group heading towards the cellblock. Before I rejoined the general population, though, I turned to face him. 
“Will you come lay with me for a little bit tonight?”
“If I can, baby, and you know I’ll try my hardest.”
I nodded, but did not walk away. For a moment, I looked at him, smiling contentedly. The sight of him always made me feel so safe, because he had been a constant in my life for so long. Plus, of course, as I am sure you have realized, he was so unthinkably handsome. As he buckled his belt and then began to button up his shirt, his chest still heaving slightly, and his perfectly styled hair tousled wonderfully, he looked at me and grinned.
“What? Don’t feel bad about running off, baby. I know you gotta go.”
“If I felt badly, would I be smiling?”
“So, you’re happy to scamper off? God, was it that bad?”
“You could not be bad at love-making if you tried, James Maxwell, and no, I am not happy to scamper off. I’m just smiling because…” I stopped, shook my head, and laughed softly. “Never mind.”
“No.” He reached out and took my hand to stop me from walking away, “Tell me, baby.”
“I just…” I looked up at him, still smiling, “I love you. I love you to the end of time and back again, James Maxwell.”
He looked at me, seemingly taken aback, and certainly moved. He smiled, reached out, and tucked my hair behind my ear.
“And I love you to the end, as well.” He paused, wanting to say something else, but just like me, he stopped, unsure of whether he could say it. Gently, I encouraged him, and he said: 
“You’re the best thing I’ve ever had in my life, Brynna.”
I grasped my heart with both hands, my cheeks flushed red, unable to fight my smile. We truly were like two teenagers, sneaking behind the bleachers of our school to kiss and fuck, but unlike teenagers, the consequences of being caught were far beyond just a slap on the wrist. The Lord of War would view James’s continued love affair with me as a betrayal, because he believed that James was loyal to him. Because it was a betrayal, he would kill James in the most brutal way imaginable. I had already betrayed him by telling Tyre what he had done to me, and if he found out that I also owned the heart and loyalty of one of his favorite men…
“Off with you, my saucy minx.” James told me, “I’ll come see you tonight, when the coast is clear. Now, move out, soldier. Move out.”
He said it in his raspy soldier’s voice, and I giggled, covering my mouth to stifle the sound.
“Okay.” I walked backwards and said, “I love you, baby.”
“I love you, too, beautiful. Now, go, before I whisk you off to my room.”
I left, beaming the entire way back to my cell and anxiously awaiting the moment I could see him again.
But he did not come that night. Because he did not come to me, I could not sleep. Because I felt the Lord of War’s rage boil over, I knew to expect the beating in of my door. My eyes were completely white when they grabbed Janna’s hair and pulled her out of bed beside me. Illa and Grace sat up, Illa infuriated and Grace terribly frightened, but I told them both to stay back as three guards began to drag Janna and me away. 
Once we had passed through the intricately carved door of his quarters, the guards dragging us threw Janna to the floor, but they simply let go of me.  
I would not look at James. I would not look at Adam. Even glancing at them would betray my love and concern for them, and that could have been enough to tip him over the edge. In my peripheral vision, I could see that they were shackled to the walls on either side of the Warden’s office. Instead of looking at them, I looked right at him.
“Alright, my love.” He said with a smile, “I have given you many days to fear my retribution, and now, you shall finally suffer it. Let us play a game now.” 
I saw that he was holding his knife… His famed knife, his serrated dagger with the two smaller blades on either side of the large one in the center. His miniature trident. Funny, right? That the man whose famed weapon looked like a miniature trident would rule over the sea? I am sure the humorless Old Spirits did not recognize the irony, but I did, and it had always made me laugh quite heartily.
In that moment, though, I was not laughing. I was watching that famed dagger to make sure that it did not go flying through the air into James’s heart or Adam’s head, or that he did not slash it across Janna’s throat.
“Listen to me… Warden…” I started to say, but he pulled one of the smaller daggers from the side of the centered one and threw it hard at Adam. It stuck into the wall rather perfectly just beside his head. A trickle of blood ran down his cheek, but luckily, it had only grazed him.
“Next time, I will not miss, and next time, it is your James at whom I will be throwing. I will be talking, and you will be listening. Do you understand?”
I glared at him, so furious that I wanted to lunge forward and rip into his throat, but his guards were in the room, and they were armed to the teeth, as they say, with knives and nightsticks on their belts and large automatic guns in their hands. I wanted to fight him, but I would not. He wanted me to answer, but I very defiantly refused to do so. When I saw the Warden’s grip tighten on his knife, though, I finally nodded.
“You may answer me out loud.”
“Yes, I understand.” I said.
“Did you feel that almighty shudder pass through the ship? Well, that was your husband’s doing. He sent his minions to sabotage the gas tank so that we would have to return to shore. Apparently, there has been some plan in the works for quite a while that once we dock, you all will try to make your escape.”
I did not answer, though he did pause. He was baiting me, trying to get me to speak so he could hurt James. Or he was trying to get me to confess everything, because perhaps he was still unsure of whether it was all true. I did not know what he knew, and I would not speak until I did know.
“Now, I thought that Commander Maxwell had been sufficiently broken of his love for you all those years ago, but he has not, has he?”
I shook my head.
“Out loud, if you please.”
“No.” I said, because there was no point in lying anymore.
“He has been hidden amongst the ranks of my most loyal men, gaining insight for all these long years and reporting back to you. All this time, you have been plotting this escape. Yes?”
“Yes.” I answered, “It was my idea, Warden. I…”
He threw the knife, and despite myself, I cried out some indiscernible word, a mix of “no!” and “don’t!” Together, it just sounded like some primal sound of protest, which, I suppose, it was. The knife sunk into James’s upper arm, close to his head, and he bit his lip to keep from yelling out in pain. When the Warden strode over and ripped the knife out, he did give a grunt, but then, he angled his head up and spit right in the Warden’s face.
The Warden’s reaction was quick, a reflex. I am sure he swung his hand before the rage and indignation had even begun to well up. But within a second of the wad of spit landing on his face, he had slashed a deep cut across James’s cheek, and I began to rush forward. Again, in an unthinkably fast reaction to my movement, he reached down, grabbed a handful of James’s hair, ripped his head back, and held the knife to his throat.
“Shall I slash his throat now? Or would you like to go stand back where you were before?”
My eyes finally met James’s, and he nodded to me. Slowly, as though backing away from a rabid, hungry beast, I moved to the spot where I had been standing before. Once I was back, he smiled and released James.
“You are valiant, my love, and it is admirable, but it will not save them, and it will not save you. What might make me more likely to make this easy on you would be for you to simply keep your mouth closed until I ask for a response.”
I looked at Adam, and then at James. Janna was on her knees on the floor, both of her hands grasping one of mine, her entire body trembling terribly. A few of the men in the room were ones who had hurt her on that first night all those years ago. They were the surviving ones, the ones we had not been able to corner so we could stage an “accidental” death. She held my hand, and all the while, her mind cried that they were looking at her, they were remembering, they were going to hurt her again, they would hurt me, and the Warden would hurt her, and the Warden would hurt me, and the Warden would kill Adam and James…
“It is alright, Brynna.” Adam told me, “Just do as he says.” 
“Listen to your husband.” He looked at Adam and then at me, grinning knowingly, “I heard you two had quite the afternoon together. Did you hear that, James?”
“I didn’t. But I know you’re going to tell me all about it.”
“Oh, I will! I heard all about how she rode him and came for him, and then, before their sweat had dried, how he held her to the door and fucked her again.”
“And then she and I fucked in the hallway ten feet from these stupid fuckers.” James spat, gesturing with his head towards the guards, “See, Adam and I have come to this understanding, shockingly enough.”
“Indeed.” Adam agreed, “We may not like each other.”
“Believe me, we don’t like each other.” James added, “But she loves us both, so she’ll have us both. I know all about them, and he knows all about her and me. So, nice try.”
“And the former Mrs. Elohimson. The current Mrs. Maxwell? What do you think, dear?” He asked, angling his head down to look at her.
“I know about them, and it is fine.” She replied quietly.
“You know that you two are going to show us later.” He said, still speaking softly and slowly to her, like he was speaking to a child, “You’re going to show us how you make love.”
“Can I please just talk, Warden?” I asked him delicately, “Please. Just let me say one thing.”
“Alright, Brynna.” He said cordially, “What would you like to say?”
“That all of this was my doing. I am being totally honest when I say that. I wanted to get away from you. I just didn’t want to have to keep… being with you… to protect my family. I just wanted to take my kids, and get them someplace safe. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Warden. It was me, and all I ask is if you ever felt anything for me at all, even the slightest sympathy or even pity, just please let me be the one who bears the punishment. Please… Please… I’m…” I stopped, because I could not believe that after twenty-three years of building up my fearsome image, I was going to dismantle it so quickly. It was so… disappointing. So sad. It all felt like such a waste. My eyes dissolved from white and black back to the old blue, but it was that deeper blue of fear, and my body was beginning to shake as all my old fears returned, and in my deep blue eyes, he saw my tears. 
“I’m begging you, Warden.” I said, so softly, because I did not want James, Adam, and Janna to hear me beg. 
“Say it louder.”
“I’m begging you, Warden.” I said, only a little louder.
“Louder, Brynna. And do you beg standing up, or do you beg on your knees? Decide very quickly.”
“Please look away.”  I told James, Adam, and Janna without looking at them.
“Do not look away. If she will disgrace herself for your sakes, then you had better watch her do it. Really, that is only polite. Come now, Brynna. Get down on your knees and beg me.”
“Don’t you do it, Brynna!” James hissed at me, “Don’t you get down on your knees for him! Don’t you give him the satisfaction! Brynna!” But I was already down, on my knees, reaching up, and grasping his hands as the tears rushed into my eyes but did not fall.
“Please, please don’t hurt them, Warden. Please! I love them all so much, and this has all been my fault. If you want to punish someone, punish me, but let them go. Please, I’m begging you, Warden.” 
“Stand up, sweetheart.” Janna was whispering softly, pleadingly, from behind me, “Stand up.”
“Let them go. Please.” I said again.
“No, my love.” He whispered back, “Tonight, your soul will be mine. I will have you in every way Tyre has told me you dread to be had, and when the sun comes up, you will be a shattered woman, I promise you that, because tonight, you will leave here with just one of them. Tonight, you will finally make your choice.”

Lara
The shock that coursed through me would surely stop my heart, or so I thought when my long lost oldest daughter appeared in the doorway. I had been in my mental space, trying to disconnect my lower body from the centers of my brain responsible for feeling, when Tyre had startled behind me and jumped back. It had surprised me, his sudden movement, the premature removal of him from inside of me, and at first, I believed that I had so thoroughly disconnected myself that I had not felt him finish, but then, I saw a flicker of her, for just one moment, followed by the image of two furiously apologetic guards who were tripping over themselves to get out of the room before Tyre reached them. She was there and gone so quickly that I feared I had merely hallucinated her for the thousandth time, but my heart was throbbing, hard and alive, pumping a sudden energy through me, erasing the full-body exhaustion through which I had been suffering for nearly two days. 
My mind cast out, grasped her, and pulled her back into the room. A part of my heart and mind begged me to keep her away, as I did not want her to see me in such a state—with my hands bound above my head, as I practically choked on the impossibly thick cloth tied in my mouth, with my shirt torn open down the middle, and naked from the waist down—but the larger parts of my heart and mind begged to see her, and my evil curse inflicted upon me by the Lord of All Darkness, which I had heard she shared, reached out, dulled her mind to everything but my influence, and pulled her back to me. 
God, the sight of her… To see her after so long… After twenty-five long years, there she was. You know her as the First Queen, and I know her as that now, too. But I also knew her as my daughter. The one I had lost long before I had to lose her. My little girl. 
It is so trite to say, but she was not my little girl anymore. Physically, she was as I remembered, with her long, auburn hair so perfectly styled, her electric blue eyes (which matched her father’s) ringed by black makeup, creating a contrast that gave them the look of shined sapphires held up to pure sunlight. Except they were blue for mere seconds, and then the colors of each dissolved, one to harsh white, like she had been blinded on her entry into the room, and one darker than black, like someone had injected ink into her corneas. Those strange eyes fell on me, looked me up and down, and slowly drifted away, casual, cool, and careless. 
I just stared. My eyes were held to their farthest reaches, positively bulging. My entire body was shaking. I was scarcely breathing. It had been twenty-five years. Twenty-five years of thinking about this child and the terrible history we shared from our Earthean days. Twenty-five years of remembering the last time I had spoken to her, when I had gone to her apartment. Due to my fear of death, which was inevitable in my sad state (cancer in both breasts, in my lymph nodes, possibly spread to my lungs, and early stage liver disease, complete with cirrhosis) and due to my fear of eternal damnation for the hurt I had caused her, I went to ask for her forgiveness, and she had told me in plain terms that she wished I were dead. My rightfully vindictive little girl, with her cocktail of arctic-cold and hellfire-heat, with her chill of apathy and calculated insults spoken so coolly and calmly, interspersed with her fiery fits of pure rage… 
I had been told for three years leading up to the Fall and mine and John’s escape that she was a Satanic heathen who commanded the love of the Lord of All Darkness’s Right-Hand, Adam Elohimson. That was followed by six years of being told that she was lost to me forever, and then, once I was back with Tyre, seventeen years of being told that she was imprisoned, married against her will, and fighting every day for her life onboard their legendarily brutal prison ship. So many half-truths or out-and-out lies had been told that I knew I would never know the whole story until I saw her, and then there she was, and the story was there on her face. Right there for me to read.
She sat down, so close to me that I could smell the soap she used, the perfume on her skin, but also, very faintly (and perhaps I was imagining it), the warm smell of her apartment on Earth that still clung to her just barely. Lavender and this strange incense called champa that she had insisted on burning constantly, according to Maura, God rest her soul.
Did she recognize me? Did she know her mother? Most people did not know me because she had erased me, but was I truly lost to my own daughter? At first, I thought that perhaps she was ignoring me because she did know who I was, and she was still punishing me, which was her right, after all I had done. But when I said her name, and she looked at me with those eyes and nothing flickered, I knew that I had been lost. And I could not help it. I did exactly what I had prayed I would never do when I saw her again, because I knew how it would make her internally squirm in discomfort: I began to cry. As I cried, her name fell from my lips over and over again. It did not stop until Tyre returned. I wanted to say her name over and over until something registered in her mind, but I knew better than to talk without Tyre’s permission by then. I knew of his typical response, the one that made me so angry and yet imbued me even more with such an uncompromising helplessness: If I wanted you to hear you talk, I would untie your mouth, Lara, spoken like a gentle chide, masking the warning that if I continued, there would be consequences.
Tyre lied so many times to her, and she did not know that they were lies, or if she did know, she simply did not care. He lied about me, who I really was. He lied about the “spies” he had around her, because there was really only one, and that one would be damning enough when she knew… When he triggered one of her episodes, every part of me was seized by that old, primitive urge to shout, to pull her back, to tell her that it was her inability to stay cognizant that had resulted in Lucien’s death, but more so than that, I was seized by the urge to hold her, to comfort her, to have my voice be a beckon, a lighthouse in the stormy seas, pulling her back to reality. The two sides of my maternity, already fighting it out in regards to her: The mother who had lost her son, who viewed this strange, sad, tragic child as the cause of her grief, and the mother who knew that it was her own fault, that she had failed two of her children, and who didn’t deserve a fraction of kindness from her daughter despite how badly—how desperately—she wanted it. She asked Tyre if I was her mother, and he lied again. So when we were left alone, and she helped me when I was in pain, I could not help wondering if she would do the same if she had known.
I’m your mother. I’m your mother. I’m your mother. My mind cried as she and I talked, but I could not bring myself to say the words. I just wanted to talk to her. I wanted to hear her voice for a few moments, but more than that, I just wanted to pretend, however briefly, that she did know, that she was helping me because despite all I had done to earn her hate, she still loved me, even if it were simply out of obligation. “You’re so kind,” I had told her, because she was. Regardless of what she said, she was kind. If she had not been kind, she never would have batted an eye when she had seen me in pain. She never would have given me water. Regardless of what Brynna has said and will say, she is kind all the way down to her core. “I’m your mother. I’m your mother. I’m your mother. Don’t you recognize me, Brynnie?” God, if only I had just said it. 
She asked my name, and I didn’t tell her. Did she remember my name? If I answered “Lara,” would that make the many circuits in that massive brain of hers ignite and connect? But he had said my name was Lara, and there had been nothing. I wanted to scream it, to cry it out, I’m your mother! I’m your mother! But the fear of hearing her say, “I know,” was too great. That fear roiled about in my belly, draining my heart of the hope I had felt at seeing her, when I pictured those cold, mismatched eyes looking into mine, and that cold voice saying, “I know.”
When Tyre told her to gag me, I knew that I would not get this chance again. He had arranged that meeting because he was curious to see what would happen when Brynna saw me again. I tried to say it, but it was too late; all she heard were some muffled words followed by my howls of grief, of helplessness, of hopelessness… My faultlessly ignorant little girl. 
Nothing Tyre ever did to me, before that night or after, was as cruel. To dangle her in front of me, to rub my face in the fact that she did not know who I was, that showed how truly sadistic he was. When I awoke from my drugged sleep, looking all around for her, crying out her name, he crept up behind me, ran his hands up my bare thighs, up my stomach, over my breasts, to my chin, and pulled my head back.
“You are dead to her, Lara.” He snarled in my ear, and I did not want to give him the satisfaction of knowing how his words cut me, how his trick had worked, but the soft, bitter, devastated sobs began to flow from me then, and they would not stop. They would never stop, not after I had seen how my girl did not know me, how I had been erased from her life, and not while I was thinking how I so deserved it. Of course she had forgotten me. No one can wound quite like a mother can wound, and God, I had wounded her. Of course she would erase me from her consciousness. From every person’s consciousness. I was a blotch on her mind, a cancer that slowed the efficacy and efficiency of that epic brain, of that prized power. I did not deserve, in her mind, to be remembered by anyone, and Brynna was ruthless against that which she deemed a danger to her mind and that which she deemed undeserving of life, of remembrance.
Tyre’s hand brushed my hair away from my ear. His other ran up and down my side, as though he were trying to comfort me.
“Who do you have in this world now?” Tyre whispered in that voice tinged with his typical fake sadness, his fake compassion, “John and Eli will never find you, and your girls do not recognize your face. You are so utterly alone that I would pity you except,” His voice hardened as he tightened his fingers around my throat, “…You have angered the One God with all the destruction you brought to your old world, certainly, but more so than that, you have angered Him by neglecting the child he put in your belly, the life that he gifted to you. I am your punishment, Lara Olivier. I am God’s Right Hand, his Sanctum, his son. And I will make sure that before you die for good this time, you know with your entire being the extent of your sins. I will put you two together again, you and that child you just saw, that child you were unworthy to carry in the same body as that pathetic, festering heart of yours, and the next time she sees you, it will be so she can crush your skull. You know that is what she will do, once she knows the truth of your identity? Don’t you?”
I nodded miserably, the tears raining down my cheeks, pattering against the hardwood floor in large drops. I would deserve it, when she killed me, when she rid herself and everyone else of me forever. 
But Allie told me that when Paul tempted her, she fought for me. She wanted to get me back.
Yes, for Eli and Violet’s sake, not for hers, and not for Penny’s.
I’ll explain myself. I’ll apologize. I’ll beg for her forgiveness.
And it won’t matter. You hurt her, so she will hate you until the day she dies. There is nothing you can do to change that now. Nothing. 
I closed my eyes when he released my throat, and focused on her beautiful face. I cast my mind backwards, to times that had long since passed, when I had grasped her little hands as she took her first steps, clapped wildly when she had said her first word (“Li-ja,” for her brother), when she had brought home her first real report card, how she had been so proud, how I had been beaming with pride for days and days at all of her teacher’s comments, at her perfect marks, how I had shamelessly bragged to everyone on Capitol Hill… And then I lost her. The typical memories a mother has of her child were so sadly limited for Brynna and me, because just after that memory of her first real report card, there was Michael, and from Michael, there was Lucien. But no, I just had to focus. It didn’t matter that the good memories came to such a sudden stop, I would simply focus on the love I had in my heart for her. That abundance of love. I would call out to her. I would try to make contact. I had done it before, and I needed to do it again, but she was closed off to me. It was rare that I connected with her, and that night, it was impossible.
“Brynna.” I cried, as Tyre sat back behind his desk and began to fill out paperwork. “Brynna! Brynna!” 
“Lara, I am very tired from our night last night.” He said, without looking up, “Do not make me discipline you now.”
But I persisted. Because he was right. Everything he had ever done to me was my punishment, and it still was not enough. Nineteen years total as his prisoner, three in the beginning, followed by six years of peace, and then sixteen more years of imprisonment, and I deserved every moment of his cruelty, and worse. So I persisted, until I stoked that infamous temper of his and got twenty lashings. He beat me until I bled, but I did not feel the pain. He had already hurt me more with his trick than he could ever hurt me with his hands or his whips or his words.
It would be a long time before I saw her again, I knew that, the way I always just knew things. But when I saw her again, I would tell her that it was me, regardless of how she would react, just so she would know. I would tell her, but not before I told her that I loved her. I loved her still, despite all that had happened, regardless of what she believed, or what I had believed once. I loved her with that violent, awesome, terrible, beautiful, deadly love of a mother still, despite everything.
We were an utter tragedy. All of us. We were a shattered family, each of us a puzzle with all the pieces scattered and missing. With every tiny piece of me, with the pieces of me I still held, and with the ones I had lost, and with the ones that had been taken from me, I loved her. To my dying breath, I loved her. My sweet daughter. 
Your First Queen, my little girl.

James
It’s going to sound cheesy, but I will say it, and I will say it a million times. I will shout it from the rooftops, I will write it in the sky, I will swear it to the One God, the old God, and all the others: Brynna Olivier is the love of my life. Okay? She was twenty-two when I met her, I was forty-five, and yeah, it shouldn’t have happened. I remember the jokes, the sneers, and the insults. I didn’t give a flying fuck what they said about me. I didn’t care when they said I was prowling on an innocent girl, or that I was old enough to be her father, and what would we even talk about? Would I ramble on about the price of crops while she gabbed about her nail polish? What could a man my age possibly talk about with a girl her age? 
In one of our many conversations on the ship (which I almost called mundane, except they weren’t, not to me, because it was during those conversations that I learned so much about her), she had told me about a trend in books she read where girls her age were portrayed as stupid and immature almost always. They said “like” in all their sentences, obsessed over social media, went out clubbing every night, and were clingy, sex-crazed, vapid, self-centered, and overly emotional. “No one believes that girls like me exist,” She had said, and the words had come off of my tongue before I could stop them, before I could stop myself from saying too much, too soon: “I barely believe you exist.” 
It could have been taken in so many bad ways. “You’re faking.” “You’re putting on an act.” “You’re a lie, Brynna Olivier.” God, can you imagine what she would have said to that? But she was starting to trust me then. Just a little bit, of course, but it was blooming within her, and when I said that, she looked at me, and she pulled this look that I immediately thought was fucking gorgeous and adorable and so alluring in this indescribable, mysterious way, where she smiled and turned her head on the side, looking at me first, and then up at the ceiling, as though contemplating. Then, she looked back at me, and with this very discreet note of disbelief in her voice, she had said, “That is very sweet, James.” Now, just like she did not take what I had said the wrong way, I did not take that note of disbelief in her voice the wrong way, either. She was not surprised that I had complimented her; she was surprised at being complimented at all. We were already starting to get each other then.
She was surprised because of her past, and that’s another charge Tyre held against me in one of my many reprimanding sessions. On the fourth or fifth day of them torturing us, she had thrown up when they had pulled the needle out of her spine. She lost everything in her stomach, and while I had been shouting (screaming, really) at them to get her some water, Tyre was just watching me with this expression of pity that made me want to rip his fucking jaw off. She threw up, moaned my name, and then her head fell forward, and if you knew the feeling that went through me in that moment… It was terror, but it was more than that. It felt old, older than any civilized human, older than most lands, most worlds. People say that their worst fear is for someone they love to die, but it was more than that, too. It was always more than that for me. She deserved to live. More than anyone else, she deserved to be happy and safe after what she went through growing up. I had brought her there, I had “saved” her, supposedly. Except I hadn’t. In that moment, I thought, ‘I brought her here so she could die like this. In a fucking cell, surrounded by fucking sadistic psychopaths, in pain beyond what anyone could ever possibly fathom in an eternity of fathoming pain. So she could die in the fucking dark.’ But she was breathing still. Of course she was! I laughed. I cried. The relief was indescribable. But she was out for a couple hours, and they left us alone. Her head was tilted forward, her chin on her chest, and I sat just watching her breathe. A miracle, my mind kept thinking, She’s a fucking miracle. There’s a fucking miracle sitting right in front of me. 
I still think that.
So Tyre came in before she came back around. He stuck a needle in her arm and started to fill her back up with water. 
“Only one of you gets one,” He says, “I hope I made the right choice.”
“You did. Give her my food, too.” I hissed, and just the sight of his face made my whole body start trembling, made my fists ball up so that my nails drew blood on my palms. I wanted to crush his face. I wanted to burn out his eyes. I wanted to rip out that tongue that had given the order to hurt her. 
“She is a child, James.” He snapped at me. The room had been quiet, but he broke it with that. With exactly what he had always wanted to tell me. 
“She is a young girl, not even a quarter of a century old. Over twenty years your junior. And you bed her! That is despicable beyond anything I could have expected of you.” 
I found myself grinning, because it was so fucking hilarious that this asshole would seek to tell me what was morally wrong, when he had my girl tied to a chair and was pumping her nonstop with a drug whose sole purpose was to cause absolute, unfathomable pain, simply because she loved me. 
“Yes,” I shot back, “I do bed her. Oh, but Tyre, she beds me, too.” 
“She is confused.”
“Have you spent more than a minute around that brain? It doesn’t get confused.”
“She was terribly abused as a child, by her father and her father’s best friend. It bred some unnatural attraction in her. It made her want what she did not have from her father. That is what she wants from you. It is a very unnatural attraction from which she suffers. It is an unnatural, immoral disease, but it can be cured. It can be cured if you simply leave her be.”
“And it can be cured by marrying her to Adam?”
“He will treat her as he treated his other wife, and as he treats his whores. You will leave her, he will scorn her, and she will be cured. I am sure of it.”
“Well, thank God you people think betting is a sin, because you’d be out of some money if you bet on that, Tyre. She loves me, I love her. I’d die for her, she’d die for me. You know that’s what it’s going to come to, don’t you? You’re going to keep this up, and one or both of us is going to die.”
“I will not let her die!” He shouted, and when he raised his voice, she gave a tiny jump that made us both look at her in concern. “I will not let her die. She will live a happy and fulfilled life. She must learn first, but she will learn, and then, she will be happy and fulfilled with a young man who is suited to her, who deserves her.”
“Oh, God…” I sighed heavily and laughed so hysterically, it hurt my stiff facial muscles that had been held permanently in either a scowl or a look of concern over the previous days, “You don’t know who you’re dealing with. ‘Stubborn-as-a-mule’ just doesn’t do her justice. There are no little clichés that will do her justice. She is stubbornness. She is bull-headed. You’ll never have her, Tyre.”
“I do not want her. Not as you and Adam do. Not in the sick way that you both want her.”
“You won’t have her in any sense.”
“She is a child. Let her go.”
“I will not.” I said. I was angry again, furious; I already could barely remember laughing like I had a moment earlier, “The only person who tells me to let her go is her. The only person who can tell me to leave is her.”
“And she will. When I make it so the touch of your disgusting hands makes her vomit, and scream, and convulse in pain, she will tell you to leave, and you will, or I will kill you, James Maxwell. Regardless of how it will hurt me to kill you, I will do it.”
“Well, you will kill me, and you’ll kill her, too, because we won’t break. Ever.”
But I had pretended to break, even though it had made me sick to do it. It killed me because it gave him the satisfaction of thinking he had won, of course. But more than that, it killed me because it forced me to abandon her, at least to her knowledge. It was to save her life, but she didn’t know that. I had spent three years allowing Tyre to think that he had won. Actually, it was three years that Brynna thought Tyre had won. Tyre thought he won until his brother informed him that Brynna had been seeing me for twenty years behind his back. It was brutal to let him think he had won for all that time, but man, that victory was sweet. Knowing he knew pulled me through. Not only was his precious little charity case in love with the man who he had thrust upon her as punishment, but she was still in love with me, even after twenty-five years of hearing that I would just be a phase. 
I never feared I was just a phase, because I knew her love was not only hard-earned but final, once it was earned. Brynna Olivier does not love lightly. 
I don’t know what the Lord of War did to her those nights he kept us imprisoned in his quarters. She muddled our brains with her power so we wouldn’t know. Mine and Janna’s, anyway. She couldn’t tap into Adam’s, because he was resisting her influence. She did not want him to know what the Lord of War did, but he held on, because he wanted it right there for when he got his chance to slaughter the bastard. I know at one point, the Warden came out, dragged Janna into the room (which got both me and Adam bellowing at him), and I heard Brynna beg. “Please don’t, Warden. Please don’t. NO! NO! NO! Don’t touch her, please! Please don’t touch her! Please stop!” Janna had been crying, but her cries turned to wails, and we thought the worst, except she was gasping out, “Brynna, no! Brynna, no! No. No.” I want to know what he did, so when I kill every person he has ever loved, I can make sure he knows why. 
I scooped her off of his bed. He had left. I had gotten free, unchained one of Adam’s hands, left him the keys, and stumbled in to her. She was bleeding, but my eyes wouldn’t focus long enough on her to see what he had done. She wouldn’t let me. She turned away from me, and she started apologizing. She reached out, put one hand on my chest, but kept her head turned away from me, and she just started crying, and apologizing, and telling me she loved me, asking me to take her to Penny, to take her home. “I want to go home, James. I want to go home.” 
“Look at me, sweetheart.” I had said to her, “Baby, please.” My voice was soft, and it had broken on that word. “Look at me.” 
She cried harder, and her hand came up to rest on my face. “I can’t. I’m sorry.” 
Her chest rose up first, pulling the rest of her with it. Her whole body was trembling. Not a single part of her was stable. She was freezing and scared and starved and sick and ashamed, and it broke my heart. She wanted to get up, she wanted off of his bed, but she couldn’t move. She was freezing and scared and starved and sick and ashamed and in pain. Every time she tried to move, she moaned and grasped between her legs, and I tried to touch her, but she thought it was him, and she cried and pushed my chest weakly. “I can’t anymore.” She cried softly, “Please, it hurts. I can’t.” 
“Hey, baby. You gotta look at me, sweetheart.” I was telling her gently, “You gotta listen to my voice, sweetheart. Listen to my voice. It’s me. Come back to me, baby.”
She didn’t look at me, but she whispered my name, and reached out for me. 
When I took her in my arms, my tears started again, and this time, they were unstoppable. She was like a fragile little bird. My strong, unbreakable champion woman was skin and bones and trembling. Inexplicably, I thought back to the first time I had made love to her. I had never “made love” to a woman in my life, not even when I was in love with my wife. I mean, I don’t think I ever really loved her, but I cared about her. In my own way, I cared about all of them. Every woman I ever took home. Every woman who ever took me home. But that was all it was. Sex. I’d get hot, I’d go out with the guys from work, and we’d say, “Fuck our wives (or rather, don’t fuck our wives), we just want easy, foreign pussy,” and by foreign, I just mean unknown. The unknown terrain of what was between a strange woman’s thighs. Sick, right? Misogynistic? Yeah. I was an asshole. Through and through, I was an asshole. I let myself off the hook because of my past, because what kid puts a bullet through his own “father” (several bullets, actually), and comes out whole? What kid spends years in juvenile detention, and comes out squeaky-clean and wholesome? My past took the burden of responsibility off of me; it was my crutch, my prop, and my pardon. I might be an asshole, but I had not always been an asshole. I had not become an asshole by choice. But we were talking about Brynna. About when she came to find me in the woods.
The impulses in me fought back and forth the second I realized it was her under me and not one of Adam’s thugs. I had never felt anything like the joy or relief that flooded through me, that led me to kiss her and hold her and want her right there. But the voices of all the people who thought she and I were sick and wrong were in my head, telling me that kissing her in the hallway on the ship was bad enough. Kissing her when we landed was enough. But having sex with her? That was worthy of a spot in hell, of a spot in what Tyre’s people call “the Land of Eternal Darkness,” a place I had visited before and never wanted to visit again. But I felt her legs coming up to wrap around me, felt the way her hips rose to meet mine, how she thrust and rubbed against me, her breathing deepening all the while. She told me later that she didn’t know what was happening. She had never felt that before for a man. There in the moment, I asked her if she was sure, and she was; I could feel in her that she was. 
I remember everything about that first time, believe me. It was as new for me as it was for her. I remember everything fondly, but I remember one part sadly: when she asked me if it would hurt. That was all she remembered. Pain. It made me so sad, and so angry on her behalf, so murderous. It wasn’t “save the damsel in distress” “nobility.” It was “how dare they do that to her?” “How dare they hurt her that way?” “How dare they make her think that that was how it was, how it would always be?” It was always an act of violence. It would always hurt. It would always be something to be feared. It shattered me, man. “No,” I told her, “I won’t let it.”  
Now, I had never pictured having sex with her. It just wasn’t there for me yet when we were on the ship, and it certainly wasn’t there for her, either. So all I had to think of while I was in my self-imposed exile in the woods was all of my former conquests, when it had been cold and meant nothing. But that night (and for many, many nights after that with her), I was gentle, but more than that, I was right there. I wasn’t thinking about how I would sneak away. I wasn’t thinking about what I had eaten for lunch. I wasn’t thinking about anything or anyone but her. I was wrapped in her, lost in her, wanting her and needing her, and all of that stuff that you’re supposed to feel when you’re being intimate with someone. Because that’s what it was. It was intimacy. Intimacy like I had never had in my life. With anyone. Ever. She was everything to me after that night. The sun rose and set with her. I was in love. In the same way that I filled some empty spot in her heart, she filled an empty spot in mine after that night, and I loved her. I carried her into the tent afterwards, and she seemed hesitant about trying to cuddle up with me, and I knew it was because she had heard men didn’t like it. And normally, I didn’t. I was a, “We’re done here,” kind of guy before her. I tried to be respectful, but once it was done, I wanted to leave. Feel fulfilled for five minutes til I needed the next foreign stranger woman. But with her, I wanted to hold her, so when she laid against me, I held onto her, and truly, had never felt happier.
So why did this all pop into my mind when I was picking her up off of the Warden’s bed after he had obviously violated her body in the worst possible way? Because I had made love to her a million times. I had wanted to make her my wife. I loved that woman until the end of time, and it had all started that day, when she had opened herself to me like that even though it scared her, when she had given me her trust and her love, and I had sworn I would never do anything to make her sorry for it. I had hurt her a million times, and she had forgiven me, but this… For me to let this happen was unforgivable. I wanted her to tell me she hated me, that it was all my fault, that I had failed her, and yet I knew that when she said that, I would want to die. Truly. But my mind kept replaying her asking me, “James, will it hurt?” and I was seeing the bruises on her thighs, knowing the bruises inside her were worse, knowing her mind was so confused, jumping time, going back to when she was nine years old and some sick motherfucker held her down and raped her while a woman who was supposed to protect her watched, and from there, she remembered how they had blamed her for her brother’s death to avoid having to take responsibility, how they had called her a liar. But most of all, it was the idea of unfathomable pain again. Of how she had suffered it all those years ago, repeatedly, and how she had just suffered it again, repeatedly. 
Later, once we were hidden away in our Hollow (an unused, totally hidden room on the ship that I’ll explain more later), and we knew it was safe, Adam and I took her into the corridor and walked her up and down, because at night, she couldn’t sleep and wanted to pace. She held onto us both, but she tried to support herself on her own. She limped, biting her lip because it hurt, but Adam and I did not try to convince her to go back into the Hollow and rest. We knew better. She’s stubbornness, remember? We walked her up and down, up and down, up and down. I got this sick thought in my mind that she was walking specifically so she would feel the pain. Like it was her own Walk of Shame. Like it was a punishment. I got that thought, and it kept me up at night. I couldn’t shake it. 
This is too much. I can’t talk about this anymore. Okay? I can’t. 
There in the office, I handed her to Adam so I could unbutton and shed my shirt. We both had to pull her arms from around his neck and carefully maneuver her into it, and then, he handed her back to me but kept her hand in his.
“We must get her to the boats.” Adam said, “We must leave here now.”
“No.” I had said, “We need to hijack the ship, steer it to land, and take her then.”
“We have no time, and neither my people nor your people are equipped for that kind of uprising, James.”
“I am not putting her and Penny on a boat with a week’s worth of food when we have no idea how close we are to land.” 
“Boys, stop it!” Janna snapped, and I saw that she was standing beside me, stroking Brynna’s hair. “We need to hide. Let’s get Idan, Penny, Illa, Grace, and Tony, and let’s go to the Hollow. We’ll wait until we feel the ship stop moving, and then, we will fight our way out, but until then, we must hide.” 
The Hollow was the most secure location on the ship. The Warden didn’t know it was there, and neither did his men. In fact, I had checked every blueprint for the ship, and it was not on any of them. At the far end of the hallway in the base of the ship where the engines chugged away, there was a thin corridor that led back to what looked like a solid wall. Except at the bottom, Brynna and I had discovered a loose cinder block, and when she had pulled it out, it had revealed a tunnel. Of course, she had immediately crawled inside of it, which had prompted me to practically squeal her name at her, because who the hell knew what was in there? But what we had found was a huge, cavernous room, with two small windows at the top to let the light in. The room had probably been built to have some purpose but then had been neglected, for whatever reason. I know that she had to have talked about our ‘Hollow Parties,’ but I don’t know if she described the logistics of the room. 
For the parties, we had been storing up food for years. All of it was shelf-stable and required little preparation. Brynna had insisted on stashing water, too, because, as she would admit later, she knew we would need it someday. It was a solid plan that Janna had. So I gave her to Janna, hid them both inside, and then Adam and I went off to round up the others. 
And so we escaped him. For a minute in time. One night, after everyone had fallen asleep, I was sitting awake alone. She didn’t have much to say over those days, not to anyone except Penny and Idan, who clung to her every second of every day. She didn’t sleep much, either. No coaxing or reasoning or gentle prodding from Janna, Adam, or me could get her to sleep, but that night, she walked over to where I was sitting by the lantern and sat down beside me. Her hands wrapped around my upper arm and squeezed gently. She’d been doing that since we had first gotten together all those years ago. Sometimes it was to feel my muscles, which I knew she loved. But sometimes, it was just to touch me. Just to know I was there. Her head came down to rest on my shoulder, and as I always did (because I couldn’t stop myself, when she was cuddling up to me like that), I kissed her forehead over and over and over. 
“You need to get under a blanket, sweetheart.” I whispered, “It’s cold in here.”
She didn’t say anything. She just lifted my arm, burrowed her face against my chest, and curled up against me. Rael tossed me a blanket for her, and I covered us both up. She looked up at me, but didn’t say anything. In the dark, her eyes were still so light, they burned. Not with rage. That wasn’t there yet. They just lit up. She kissed me, hard, holding her lips there for a long time. Then she said the first words that she had said to me in days. “It’s not your fault.”
Of course she had heard me thinking that. It never left my mind.
“I love you, James.”
I put both of my hands on her face and kissed her. I kissed her with everything in me, with every bit of love I had ever felt for her in those twenty-five years of being with her, with even more gentleness than I had used the night we made love for the first time.
“I love you, too, baby.” I paused, because something about her telling me that so randomly had unnerved me. “You know that, don’t you?” 
She nodded, kissed me gently, and then burrowed back against my chest.
“Love you so much.” She whispered, “So much, James. It’s not your fault.”
She slept, finally, and there in the darkness, in the silence, I cried. 
Unfathomable pain. From watching her suffer it, I knew it almost as well as she did. 

Quinn

“Alright.” John was telling Eli gently, “Alright, son. Alright. They’re here to take her away.”
Alice was beside them, holding Melinda’s hand, stroking Eli’s hair. Melinda was alive, but barely; the skin of her face was so badly burned on one side that it was charred black. She was missing one arm, and the other arm was mangled to pieces from when she had skidded across the floor after the blast from the initial explosion. Everyone else in our medical building was dead—all the already mutilated patients who had held on after the first bomb, all the doctors who would have treated them. 
“How many doctors are still out there?” Eli asked hysterically, “Do we have any Elixir stored? Elixir will bring her back. It will, I know it will. Just get me some Elixir.”
“No one else is alive in here.” Alice told me, and I had been so sickly transfixed by the sight of the carnage around me, I hadn’t realized that Alice had come to stand beside me.
“Okay.” I didn’t know what else to say.
“Well, there’s that health stand out in the Unallied territory. About six miles from here to the east. Could you run there and barter with them, and if they won’t barter, could you fucking kill them and take the Elixir? Please?”
Her eyes were red, and I knew that she was not angry just at the Old Spirits for their attack on us. She was mad at me. She was mad at my inactivity, at how I was so shocked, so frozen in place, so inefficient. She was angry at me because I had suggested that we stay home, and because I was a coward. 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” I said, despite how angry she was, and despite how my reasoning would only make her angrier, “We attack the Unallied, we’ll have them here next. Our people can’t take another hit, Allie.”
“Then go barter, Quinn.” She snapped at me condescendingly, “That’s what you’ve always wanted to do, right? Don’t attack, just reason. Don’t fight, just barter. Don’t kill, just fucking beg.”
I wanted to snap back. My nerves were shot after what we had gone through that day, and I had no energy in me to defend my honor, to remind her that my way was the moral way, and that she was becoming a monster. I had never said those words out loud to her, because even when I wanted to say them with the best intentions, I knew that they would never come out sounding even remotely alright. I had no energy to fight, so I didn’t say anything at all. I just walked away.
Big mistake.
“Don’t you walk away from me!” She snapped venomously as I stormed back out onto the street. I continued to walk away from her, still saying nothing. 
“Quinn!” She shouted from the rubble of the infirmary. “Quinn!”
I just kept walking, thinking that this was really going to make my point, it was really going to teach her a lesson. I would not be bullied for wanting to do the right thing. I would not be bullied for wanting to stay at home and recuperate a little bit. I thought, “Don’t say anything. Don’t give in to her. It will make her see that you’re right.” 
But then she hit me with:
“Fine, I want to take some time apart, anyway, so this is a good start, you stupid son of a bitch!”
She turned to storm back into the rubble, but I had rounded around and zoomed back to her. Though I tried to do so gently, I grabbed her arm and pulled, and she gasped, perhaps because my sudden return had surprised her, or perhaps because I had hurt her. I would have been sorry for both, had the rage not welled up in me so fast.
“What did you just say?!” I spat at her.
“I said ‘I want to take some time apart.’ Are you deaf?! Did the Light-Bomb fuck up your hearing?! Fine, I’ll say it again. ‘I want to take some time apart.’ Do you need me to say it louder? ‘I want to take some time apart!’” 
“You choose to do this here?! Right now?! After what just happened?! What the fuck is wrong with you?!”
“When else am I going to say it?! Things aren’t slowing down, Quinn. They’re getting worse! They’re worse than they’ve ever been! When would you prefer I tell you?! When you’re here, sitting at home, eating fucking Lizard Berry Pie, and I’m out there, fighting for our freedom, and our right to keep living the way we do, and…”
“That was so fucking redundant, it’s not even funny.”
“Oh, yeah, correct my grammar while we’re in the middle of a fight. Really makes your point, you pompous asshole! Really makes you seem mature!”
“And calling me a son of a bitch and a pompous asshole makes you seem mature?!”
“Whatever! You stay here, I’m shipping out tomorrow with the team and hunting down the bastards who did this, and I’ll be back only when I’ve got their fucking heads in my hands. You stay here, and please, for the sake of the appearance of our marriage, make yourself useful. Clean up the debris. Help bury the dead. Attend all the funerals. Don’t just sit at home burying your head in the sand, acting like everything is hunky-dory while there are bodies stacked to the ceiling, half the town is in ruins, and Don is dead!”
“Excuse me…” A voice said beside us, but we ignored it.
“Oh, believe me, I’ll make myself useful, going to the fucking lawyer’s office and putting divorce papers in.”
“What?!”
“Yeah! You want to play this shit with me, then it’s over. There’s no ‘taking time apart.’ There’s no break.”
“Quinn, Alice…” The voice—a male voice—said beside us again.
“It’s either we’re together, or we’re not!” I said, “So if you want to pull this shit, then it’s over! And I’m going to put the papers in!”
“First of all, you stupid dick, there are no papers! This isn’t Earth! If you want a divorce, you just separate, and that’s the end of it, so nice try! Second of all, you ignorant fuck, if you want to threaten me with this, then you’re right, maybe we should just get divorced, because no matter what manipulative, emotional shit you pull, I never thought you would threaten me with that. So you’re right, let’s get divorced. Move your shit out of the house!”
“I’m not moving my shit out of the house. You’re moving out.”
“No! I get paid more than you do, so I bought that house, which means that you are moving out!” She shouted, and she was right, but I was certainly not going to admit it. 
“Quinn! Alice!” The voice shouted.
“WHAT?!” We bellowed simultaneously, and when we looked, we saw him. 
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, and now you’re not dead!” Alice screamed, “Jesus, I can’t win today!”
“That is so sweet.” Don said sarcastically, and he actually did look a little scorned, though why he thought she had any fond feelings for him, I didn’t know. She had never led him to think that.
“I hate to interrupt your divorce proceedings, but I just wanted to inform you that I am alive, and any orders for shipping out will come directly from me.” 
“Oh, really?” Alice snapped, “So, what, Don, should we sit on our asses, waiting for them to hit us again?”
“Clearly, someone led them back here. We need to find that person.”
“That person is probably dead. They probably blew themselves up, or they were probably right up close, right in the blast zone, listening to you ramble on with your philosophical bullshit so they could look like they were blending in with us.”
“Right. The Old Spirits send in a Two-Face who is clearly crafty enough to stay hidden all this time, who is clearly skilled enough to sneak out, find his way through the Moors, and find his way back, to lead others back here, and they’re going to let that person get blown up. No, he is here. Or she is here. We need to find that person, and once we do, he or she will lead us to them, and then you can have at them. Until then, just go home. Or, Alice, you go home, Quinn, you go the inn, or vice versa. Whatever you two decide.”
“Oh, fuck you, Don.” Alice snapped, and she finally went stomping off.
A shadow loomed over Don, and when we both looked, we saw it was John. Don came up to the top of his chest just barely, and whenever John loomed over him, Don’s huge eyes would widen to their farthest reaches, and he would take a step back out of reflex, though he tried his best to keep his chin up and his posture straight. Playing the fearsome leader, even when he was full to the brim with fear.
“You watch your fucking mouth.” John told him, closing the space between him and Don. Their chests were level—or rather, Don’s face was level with John’s chest—and Don had his head tilted all the way back to look up at John, who was looking down at him. 
“What did I say that offended you so, John?” Don asked flippantly. Trying to act like his brains were more intimidating than John’s brawn. Typical.
“Your little quip just there about them fighting. But really, that’s just another item on the long list of reasons why I should kick your ass. The biggest reason right now? The item at the top of the list? You being alive, when every person on your Council who stood with you on that stage is dead. How did that happen, I wonder?”
“A terrible tragedy. I can’t talk about it.” He actually sounded choked up. His frog eyes swam in tears. “I ran and then threw myself onto the ground before the Cord could get me. I ran, and I’m sorry that they didn’t. I just… Reflexes.”
“Hmm…” John shrugged, “And wasn’t Allie supposed to be on that stage with you?”
Don’s back stiffened even more, and his chest swelled with indignation.
“What exactly is it that you are suggesting, John!?”
“Nothing, Don.” John replied with a grin, “Nothing at all.”
The fear started in my chest and spread all through me, churning and smacking against my insides like waves against the shore during a storm. The terror cut through like a riptide, changing the currents of my heart and mind. I still thought Alice and I should stay at home, but no longer was that because I thought we needed time to recuperate. John was right. Every instinct I had—the weak, old Earthean ones, and the strong, animalistic Pangaean ones—told me that the wolves were at home, walking among the sheep. I was staring at one, I knew it. 
I remembered a conversation that John, Lara, Eli, and I had had many years earlier. We were sitting on the back porch around the fire-pit. Lara was cuddled up against John, her back to his side, her legs stretched out on the loveseat and covered with a blanket. She was still very weak and having trouble walking. Alice had been out that night, assessing the candidates who would later become part of our unit, and Lara would never go to sleep until she got home, because she worried. 
“I don’t like her around that man.” She had told us, “I don’t like it.” 
“Which man, Mama?” Eli asked her.
“Don.” She said emphatically, “I know you said that he has been your leader since the beginning, but I don’t like him. I don’t trust him.”
“We don’t like him, and we don’t trust him, either, Lara, so you’re not alone.” I had told her, and I had almost started in on some of the stories about how Brynna had used to step to Don, how she had used to challenge everything he said and did, and how at times, she was the only one who could talk sense into him, how he had been so afraid of her. But I stopped myself, because I did not want to upset her. Some days, she would ask for stories about her girls, and though she would always cry, she would otherwise handle it perfectly well. But other days—and especially when the stories were about Brynna—it would shatter her. She wouldn’t just cry, she would sob, and if it was really bad, she’d disassociate, and start fighting us and screaming, thinking we were Tyre, that we were keeping her daughters away from her, that we had been the ones to hurt them. 
“I’m alright today, Quinn.” She had assured me gently, “I promise. You can tell me.”
“Oh, you damn Athenes.” I had said jokingly, “You hear everything.”
“I just have a filter on in my mind. I can’t turn it off, and I don’t want to.” She replied, “Whenever they cross people’s minds, it flags, and I hear it. Brynna was very hard on him?”
“Oh, yeah.” Eli answered before I could, “I swear, every time she crossed his path, he peed a little.”
John and I laughed at that, and Lara smiled brightly.
“I can imagine that.” 
“One time, she was looking for him.” I said, “She was stomping through Shadow Village, hunting him down, because he and his people on the Council were going to propose raising the tax, and she was pissed. We were on the Pangaean money system by then, but Don still wanted people to forfeit over their crops and whatnot, and Brynna was storming around, searching high and low for him. James and I, and… Eli, you were there, too, weren’t you?”
“Yeah, I was there.” Eli replied, chuckling at the memory, “We were working on Ezra’s farm that day.”
“That’s right,” I said, because I remembered, “We were watching her look for him, when we saw him come around the corner, see her, startle so badly that there is no way he didn’t pee his pants, and then literally jump into a dumpster. The best part? She picked up his thoughts and found him there. And when she opened the lid, she said, “Oh, look, the wild Don Abba, in his natural habitat,’ and we all clapped, man. We were dying.”
John laughed even harder at that, having to double over to hold his stomach, and Lara laughed harder than I had ever seen her laugh. 
“So, anyway, I told you that story not only to give you a laugh, but also to show you that she didn’t like him or trust him, either.” 
“In his defense, though, Brynn didn’t really like or trust anyone.” Eli said, “Well, she liked the people in our village. She was a really, really good leader. And people loved her because she was the antithesis of Don. Don had been the one to ask her to be his Second, but I know he regretted it, because he had been Adam’s second, and once Brynna came along, she became Adam’s second.”
“He respected the hell out of her, though.” I added, “He was terrified of her, and they had their many disagreements, but he was there for her the night of the First Siege, when they…” I stopped, not knowing if she was ready to hear more about the night when Brynna had tried to bargain for her life. “Well, during the First Siege, he was with her. And they, Eli, and Savannah held them off.”
“Still.” She had said, and she was suddenly very tense, “He would switch sides in a second if there was a siege, and we lost control, and the other side offered to let him live. Everyone he has sworn to protect would die, but he would live, and that would not be easy for him, but it would not stop him. That man will do anything to stay alive.”
“Won’t we all, though, Mom?” Eli had asked, “I’m not defending him. Believe me, I’m not. But you can say that about all of us.”
“You can.” She replied, “But your sister and Adam were leaders of these people. I am sure they were given a choice. Aren’t you?”
“Yeah.” Eli replied.
“And they chose not to give in. They are imprisoned wherever they are because they chose not to change their allegiance. He would have no misgivings about it. He would do it in a heartbeat. We all have a choice, and he would choose to save himself before anyone else, and he will make that choice. I know he will. I’ve seen it.”
In the present, as I watched Don walk away from us, I remembered Lara’s words crystal-clear. I remembered how Brynna had been able to keep Don in check by intimidating him, and I suddenly missed her more than I had in a while. I missed them both, with their knowledge, wisdom, foresight, and in Brynna’s case, terrifying authority over the man we were meant to call “Leader.”
“You thinking about her? About Lara?” John asked me, “Remembering what she said?”
“Yup.” I replied, “He’s about to make his choice, isn’t he?”
“Quinn,” He said, “He’s already made it.”
***
We were that couple. Just like in the movies. Sitting with our backs to each other on either side of the bed, feet on the floor, staring at opposite walls, in silence. I was looking at the picture on the wall, remembering how Alice and I had seen it at one of the shops in town. It was a night scene, painted from the inside of a window. The blinds of the window were painted in black, and through those slits, there was a tall fence, on top of which a black cat sat, and in the sky, there was a plane flying. The colors were black and indigo, shadow and deeper shadow, and the sole sources of light were the yellow of the cat’s eyes, the white of the plane’s lights, and the glowing ember of the cigarette being held by the shadowed hand inside the window.
“Something I saw once. Back home.” The Earthean man who owned the art store had told us, and I could have sworn that he spoke sadly, though Alice told me I was just being dramatic. 
“He was being vague,” She had said with a roll of her eyes, “Mysterious. An enigma. He’s an arteest! This is what they do.”
Now, a lot of things about that seemingly insignificant day left me feeling sad: First and foremost, the picture, because it churned up this nostalgia for the Old World in me that I sometimes felt randomly and always unwelcomely. Nostalgia means something like “the pain of something lost,” or at least that’s what my favorite character on this old TV show said in this awesome episode.  I had tried to tell Alice about that episode a million times in the years leading up to this art boutique incident but each time she told me she “didn’t get it.”
Shit, I’ll explain it right now. On this show, the guy spends the whole season messing around on his wife, and neglecting his family, because he’s a working man in the 50’s, and he’s making the big bucks. So in the last episode of the season, he makes his bid for an advertising job by making this epically sad and beautiful speech about how nostalgia means the pain of something lost, or something like that, and how the slideshow device he is selling isn’t a wheel, it’s a carousel. It takes us around and around and then back home again “to the place where we know we are loved.” 
Mad Men. That was the name of the show. We watched it in my History of Television class. Yes. That was an Elective at my school. We reflected back on a time in pop culture history that had long since passed. It had been called “the Golden Age of Television” because apparently, during that time, TV was better than the movies. 
So I told Alice all about this moment in this show, and granted, I took forever to tell her the whole thing, because I basically had to recap the entire first season, and talk about the intricacies of Don Draper’s character. I could see her growing bored, so I tried to think of something relating to war and violence that might pull her interests back in. As I was talking to her, she was engrossed in a map of Pangaea, fastening it to a desk she had bought at the antique store simply because the desk was big enough for her to spread out the entire map on its surface and the wood was flimsy enough that she could tack the map down. She was in the process of doing that, and as I talked, she responded with the “Right’s” and “Yeah’s,” and “Uh-huh’s,” and yet I still didn’t think she was listening. So when I finally got to the end of telling her about this epic episode (which my teacher told us had solidified the show’s first Emmy win, mind you), she looks up at me, and I thought, “She hasn’t been listening this whole time.” Except it was worse. She had been listening, and instead of being moved by the story, and by what had started the story (I had been telling her about how I had been plagued with nostalgia in the recent days), she burst out laughing.
“Oh, Quinn…” She had said finally, when her laughter died down, “I’m sorry, baby, I know it’s hard, when you’re thinking about Earth, and being sad and reflective, but God, you’re such a navel-gazer. I’m actually impressed, though. All of these thoughts came from just seeing that picture in Poem Without Words?”
That was the name of the art shop.
I had gotten mildly irritated that she hadn’t been moved by my story and that she seemed to be scoffing at how sad and nostalgic I felt. I had started to fight with her, but as usual, she interrupted me curtly and said, “I’m a little busy right now,” and I had stormed off, irritated. 
But later, she had bought the picture and even hung it up in our room on my side of the bed. I had seen a flash of her old self that day when she had run to get me at the gym, taken my hand, and dragged me back to the house, making no mention of our slight argument the night before. 
“Come on, come on, come on!” She practically sang as she pulled me up the stairs, and like a typical guy, I thought she was in the mood for one of our totally random midday flings, but when I saw the picture hanging there, I realized that not only was this her way of apologizing, but that she had been listening to me the night before, and she sympathized. Granted, a random midday fling would have been nice, too, but the picture was amazing. She was so excited to show me, beaming with her usual impossible brilliance, and when I said, “Awww, baby, you shouldn’t have!” she giggled hysterically, threw herself into my arms, and kissed me hard.
“I was a bitch last night, and I’m sorry. I get weird when I see how big this stupid planet is.”
I told her it was alright, and we kissed again, and truly, I hadn’t felt so happy in a long time. It was rare for her to show that old, bright, bubbly side of herself to me. It was rare that I saw the girl I had fallen in love with. Don’t get me wrong, I loved her when she was a bright and bubbly teenager, when she was a battle-hardened, distant warrior woman, and everywhere in between, but when I saw flashes of who she had been all those years ago, it gave me hope that she could be that person again, and from there, I had hope that I could be the person I had been back then. 
So as I sat with my back to her, staring at the picture, contemplating how we had literally just told each other that we wanted to get divorced, I could not help but think of how my two Alice’s had spawned two Quinn’s. When she was bright and bubbly, I was the old, sarcastic, funny, carefree, romantic Quinn. When she was battle-hardened, bitter, and distant, I was more clingy and emotional, which I knew made her feel smothered. But I couldn’t help it, and I couldn’t blame that change on anything. Most people could blame their pasts on some wound from an old relationship. But my parents had never spurned me, which then made me feel a need to try harder for their love and affection, which then would make me try harder for Alice’s love and affection, and Alice was the only serious girlfriend I had ever had, so I wasn’t jaded by an ex. I didn’t want to blame her completely for how when she pushed me away or paid no attention to me, I automatically started needing her to reiterate her love for me or whatnot. But I did a little bit.
All of this makes me sound very insecure, but I was. I always had been, but I hadn’t known it.
“I didn’t mean what I said.” She told me very quietly, “About the divorce, I mean. But I’ve been thinking a lot about taking some time apart, and I think it might be the best thing for us, Quinn.”
“No.” I said, “We promised we would never do that. Remember? Back home…”
“This is our home.” She interrupted me, “How many times do I have to tell you? This is home now.”
“Fine.” I snapped, but I stopped, took a breath, and started again, more calmly. “Alright. Back on Earth, do you remember when Lane finally decided to date a guy instead of just banging him, and they were together…”
“For two months, and then went on a break, and we said we’d never do that, because we were children who thought everything would be rainbows and sunshine and fucking fields of daisies in both our relationship and the rest of the world, but Lane was a skank, as you’ve said yourself, so why the hell would we use any facet of her two-month relationship as some sort of indicator of how we should run ours, and also, the world ended and things inevitably got harder between you and me. So what we swore when we were kids on Earth is irrelevant, Quinn.”
“How we should ‘run’ our relationship. Like it’s fucking boot camp, Allie. Like you’re standing in front of me, barking orders. Like I’m some new recruit.”
“You hate that I am a Commander and you’re just a Sergeant. You hate it, Quinn. You have always hated it. You want to talk about the past?” She turned to me, and her voice seemed to be laced with even more poison, “Remember when we first came here, and we got separated in the woods after the attack on the campsite? You found me ripping apart that guy who had been tracking me, and you flipped out.”
“I was young and stupid. I was overreacting because I was freaked out about turning over into what the natives were, and…”
“I’m sure that was part of it, but the bigger reason was that you knew you wouldn’t be able to do the same thing. Sure, you’ve killed people since, but in that moment, you realized that I was already where I needed to be in order to be the most effective survivor, and you weren’t. Plus, I didn’t need you to protect me. You are a coward. Through and through, you’re a coward, and I’m…”
“You’re a raging, fucking psychopath, Alice!” I had stood up and turned to her, and now, I was yelling, “You are so pissed about Lara and Brynna and Violet and Penny and James that you don’t even see it! You don’t see what you needing revenge for what happened to them has done to you! You are not who I married! You are not who I met all those years ago! I don’t even recognize you anymore! This has nothing to do with you being higher up the chain of command than me. I don’t give a rat’s ass about that! I don’t want any parts of it anymore. I want to be done! Done with fighting, and done with watching people on both sides die! But you will never be there, Alice. You will never be done!”
“No, I won’t! You’re right. I won’t be done until every person responsible for their deaths is dead, too, or imprisoned. Not until our people don’t have to live in fear of the Old Spirits showing up here and tossing Light Bombs at them! Not until any Old Spirit who can feel alright about murdering innocent men, women, and children is destroyed! I’m sorry that you think that makes me a psychopath, but if I can tell you one thing, it’s that I’d rather be a psychopath than a coward, Quinn!”
“What do you think?” I asked her, and I sounded somewhat desperate now, “Do you think that this is going to bring them back? Do you think this is going to make your grief go away? It is never going to go away, Alice. You’re always going to hurt for them and miss them and want them here. But nothing we do is going to bring them back. Has taking any of these asshole’s lives relieved that pain, even a little bit? Don’t even lie and say ‘yes,’ because you have told me before that it doesn’t help at all.”
“If you knew the answer, why did you ask the question?” She snapped at me.
“So you can see that it is time to stop. Brynna is dead. James is dead. Violet and Penny are dead. Lara is…”
I had never been slapped before a day in my life. In some ways, it hurts worse than a punch, and I had taken many of those in my fights against Old Spirit rebels and in my training to take on Old Spirit rebels. Maybe it hurts worse than a punch because with a punch, I could punch back, but with a slap from my girlfriend, I was powerless.
“Don’t you dare say that Lara is dead!” She hissed, her voice and body shaking violently, her hands clenched into fists, “Don’t you dare, Quinn!”
I spat a clot of blood onto the floor.
“Well, what would you prefer, Alice? That she’s chained up in Tyre’s basement, getting fucked by him and lashings from him five or six times a day?! That she’s going through what she went through before John got her out of there?!”
“Of course I wouldn’t prefer that, but I’m not going to pull the wool over my eyes and tell myself, ‘She’s dead, so she’s not suffering’ when she might be out there, alive, suffering exactly what you just described, waiting for us to find her! You’ll forgive me for not wanting to leave her behind the way we left James and Brynna behind. You’ll forgive me for not wanting to think she’s dead like Violet and Nick! See, once again, I’m not a coward, but you are.” She had closed the space between us. She was spitting her words at me right in my face now, slowly, almost calmly, but with so much venom. If looks could kill? No, if words could kill, I’d have been long gone.
“I can torture myself every day thinking of all that he’s doing to her, and it drives me to get out there, to hunt all of them down, to find her and bring her home again. She gave her life for us, Quinn! She didn’t die, but she walked right back into imprisonment, knowing what he would do to her after not having her for almost seven years. She did that so we wouldn’t be taken, and you’re going to give up on her just like that? Because you’re tired?! Because you want this to be over?! Because it’s easy to forget the scars all over her body when you haven’t seen them for almost seventeen years?!”
“It is not like that.” I tried to reason with her.
“It is like that. I am never going to stop. I told you that, and I thought you understood. All those years ago, when we saw that they were dead. I told you I would never stop, and I won’t. So here’s what we’re going to do. Here’s me ‘running’ the relationship like the Commander I am: I am shipping out tomorrow, and you can stay here and have your distance from the war, and I can have my distance from you. At this point, I think you also need distance from me. I ask that you wait until I get back if you truly do want a divorce, and we can discuss that option more before we go through with it. But if you can’t wait, then go for it, Quinn. I know you well enough to know that there is nothing I can say to stop you.”
There was plenty she could have said to stop me. A simple “I still love you” would have stopped me. A simple “let’s see somebody, try to talk this out” would have stopped me. But she didn’t say any of those things. She just used that old line, that old line that was a fucking cop-out. “I know you well enough to know I can’t stop you.” Really, she was just too lazy or she cared too little to even try.
I wanted to come up with some harsh, icy parting words. I wanted to reclaim my masculinity by barking some orders back at her, but I couldn’t. The words that came out of my mouth were so pathetic, and as I was saying them, I felt the sickening revulsion in my gut that was aimed not at her but squarely at me.
“Alice, I love you.” I said, “I love you just as much as I did all those years ago, when we were kids. I want this to work. Please, just tell me we’re hitting a rough patch, but we’ll be able to make this work.”
Her eyes softened, and I thought (and hoped) that maybe she would cry like she used to, when we were young and had stupid squabbles over what to have for dinner or who would go into the Square in Shadow Village and do the grocery shopping. When she would tell me, “I’m just being an idiot, Quinn. I’m just emotional,” and I would hold her and kiss her and tell her I was sorry, too, and that we were both just worked up but we would be better the next day.
God, it’s sad to say, but we were better at handling our conflicts when we were stupid kids. 
“I love you, Quinn.” She said emphatically as she squeezed my hands, “But your expectations of me have gotten to be a little too much. I’m sorry, but they have. My sole priority right now is fighting and winning this war. You think that’s this dishonorable mission, but it’s not. It’s the only mission that matters.”
“It matters more than our marriage?”
“See.” She said, “You even asking me that question proves you just don’t get it.”
She grabbed a bag I presumed she had packed while I was storming back to the house but for all I knew had been packed for weeks.
“I’m going to stay at Eli’s or John’s. I’ll see you when I get back. We’ll figure this out more resolutely then. Okay?”
She didn’t wait for me to say anything back. She just left.
***
“I remember the log cabin.” That’s what I wanted to tell her. When she had asked me about it before, I had smiled, but I hadn’t said that I remembered. As you probably know, I remembered it very well. It was a pipe-dream, of course. I knew that. But I remembered how we had dreamed so shamelessly about it, how we had envisioned our new lives as being nothing but peaceful and eventless, calm and tranquil and short, full of love and life, to be over only when we were old and gray. Of course, when we found out that we were immortal, we thought, “All the better. More time in our log cabin. More time to live our peaceful and eventless life together, because we have no stake in this war, so we will not fight in it.” 
Everything had changed, but the dream hadn’t. Even when we were old and bitter on the inside, even though we were still young and fresh on the outside, that idealistic scenario of a log cabin in the woods, with smoke pouring from the chimney, a vegetable garden in the backyard, fruit trees in the woods, kids running around, me chopping wood, her harvesting plants (or maybe vice versa), it was all still there. It wasn’t just us and our children there anymore, though; when our second family was alive, we envisioned them there with us, and now that they were gone, I pictured John, Elijah, and whomever they loved there with us, and Alice pictured Lara there, but the base dream was still alive and well, growing and throbbing inside our bodies like an extra, infallible organ that pumped our blood faster and made our minds and hearts thrive. But it was also like an indestructible cancer, a tumor that grew and then shrunk and then grew again, and that tumor always hurt, even when it didn’t. 
“I remember the log cabin.” She knew I remembered it fondly and sadly, but I hadn’t said it. Alice was one who needed to hear things. A smile wouldn’t tell her all she needed to know. My smile hadn’t answered the question in the way either she or I wanted it to be answered. She knew I remembered it, but she wanted to hear me say it. It was becoming hazy to her, and she wanted me to remind her. So I wanted to tell her. After our fight the night before, she might not have cared to hear me mention our childish dreams, especially considering that they represented exactly the desires in me she viewed as being so cowardly—peace, isolation, a voluntary removal of ourselves from the war of Tyre versus Adam, Don versus whomever, us versus them—but it always brought a smile to her face when we talked about it, and it was the old smile, the one that made her cheeks turn to rosy plums and her blue eyes glow. Regardless of what the dream represented, or of its possible undertones, or the cowardly motivations, or whatever you want to call it, she loved to dream about it. Even when she feared that she would never be able to acclimate to that life—and that fear grew with each year that passed, with each year that she stormed around Pangaea, leading an army of elite super-soldiers, killing and capturing, and carrying the flag of the Red Anarchy, giving talks at schools to little girls and boys about how Don’s soldiers were the best in the world, how they would keep them safe, telling older girls and boys about why the Armed Forces was right for everyone, in some way, how they can use everyone, even the meek, the quiet, the shy, the scared—she still remembered the log cabin, and she wanted it. 
I thought. I hoped.
“Our industry before was running the house, running the village, and sending out our best guys and gals only when we needed to. We were in the business of hiding and hoping, Quinn.” Don had told me all those days ago, “Now we’re in the business of war. Winning it, and winning it soon. That’s what the people want.”
I ran to John’s before the sun came up, thinking that Alice would absolutely go to her second surrogate father’s house. When we had fought before, she always went next door to Brynna and James’s, and it was never to speak to Violet, her best friend, it was to hear the advice of her surrogate parents. They never got involved, meaning they had never taken sides. But they had listened, and they had helped us both resolve our trivial relationship issues, because I went to them, too. No one gave better advice than James and Brynna, sitting on their couch, her with her legs tucked up under her, her hand on his knee, his arm across the top of the couch, coming down to drape over her shoulders and rub her arm, both of their faces thoughtful, listening. John and Lara had taken up that mantle (which was funny, because Lara was Brynna’s mother, and though she said that she and Brynna were nothing alike, when you asked for advice from her, she sat in exactly the same pose as Brynna, and when she turned her face a certain way, I could see traces of her oldest daughter.) So if Alice was going to go anywhere, it would be to John’s first. 
But John wasn’t home. I banged on the door for five minutes until his neighbor, an elderly Pangaean man who ran the bookstore in town, came out, eyes half closed to block out the very soft, barely-there morning light, to tell me that John had shipped out an hour earlier.
Shit.
I ran to Eli’s, praying that she was there gathering up a few things, and while I was running, I was asking myself why I hadn’t asked the Pangaean bookstore owner (whose name I could not remember in that moment, despite how many times I had been in his store) if Alice had been with John. I banged on Eli’s door, thinking that if John had left, Eli probably had, too, but to my surprise, the door opened, revealing Elijah Olivier, looking worse than he had ever looked, probably in his entire life. His eyes were almost totally closed as he squinted in the light, and his hand was up, trying to use the bottle of some black liquid that was clutched in his hand to block out the sun. He was shirtless, in his boxers, his hair sticking up in so many different directions it almost looked like it was defying gravity, and the whole night before, the events leading up to mine and Alice’s supremely brutal blow-up, came rushing back to me. And I realized that I was a huge asshole.
“Shit, man.” I said, forgetting completely why I had come there. “Shit, man, I am so sorry.”
He turned and walked into the house, leaving the door open, and I followed him inside. In less than twelve hours, it had gone from the posh, stylish home of Elijah and Melinda, the semi-happily married couple, to the destroyed rubble heap of Elijah, the widower. Everything was flipped, papers had flown everywhere, glass was broken, and there was a huge heap of vomit on the leather sofa, which he thrust himself down beside like it wasn’t there. I was actually surprised he hadn’t sat right in it.
“She’s dead, bro.” He murmured to me, so quietly that I barely heard him, “She’s dead. It took hours, man. Like, three hours. John couldn’t get any Elixir. No one could. We were all out. How does that happen?! Don always told them to keep that shit stocked. And we were out. I need to check the doctor’s logs. I need to see who used all the Elixir. If anyone used it. Because they didn’t, man. No one could have used that much Elixir. No way. They just made a run for it two weeks ago. Remember? Did that happen, Quinn? That happened, right?”
“Eli…” I started to say, “I’m so sorry…”
“I told John I wouldn’t go after Don. He didn’t want to leave me alone, but they gotta try to track those fuckers down, I told him. No one can track like he can. He had to go. I told him I wouldn’t go after Don, and he knows I can’t lie to him. I can’t lie to him, because he loves my mom, and my mom loves him, and when I lie to him, it’s like lying to her. Plus, I love him. I could lie to Daniel no problem, but not to John. I just can’t. I told him I wouldn’t go after Don, but I’m struggling right now, Quinn. I’m struggling to keep my promise, because I know he’s responsible for this. The Elixir is gone. The bomb went off, but he got away. Everyone on his Council is dead. A couple who agreed with him, almost everyone who disagreed, and now, I’ll bet you anything he’s filling up the Council with his people. All his people. I’ll bet you anything. But I barely care about that, because Mel is dead. Mel is gone. She’s dead, and I loved her so much, man…”
The tears started coming down his cheeks, but his face didn’t change from the look it had worn since he had opened the door; his eyes were still squinting, his eyebrows were still furrowed, his lips were still turned down—a look of confusion. Or maybe it was a look of pain. I don’t know.
“We fought, but I loved her. We fought, but it wasn’t ‘cuz we were mad. It was just to fight. Allie thought it was bad for us, bad for the relationship…”
Funny coming from her, considering how we had both acted the night before, considering how we had been acting for a couple of years. That she thought she should give anyone relationship advice was sad and yet hilarious, because our relationship had been tying itself up more and more each year into a knot that was too tight and too mangled to ever be unraveled again. 
“…but I saw fighting that was bad for a relationship. When I was younger. I saw how my parents used to go at each other, and it was never like that. Mel and I always needled each other, from the first time she walked into the training facility and said we had better clean up when we were done, or she’d bar us from the premises, and I called her the Wicked Witch of the West End, and she called me a pompous little show-horse who wasn’t nearly as good-looking as I thought I was, and I was like, ‘Goddamn, I want to take this woman out for a drink,’ and she said she thought, ‘By the One God, I want this man to take me out for a drink,’ and we did drink, and…”
He nodded off for a second, but when I took the bottle from his hands so I could smell it in an attempt to identify its contents, he jerked awake again, and took it back from me. 
“When Brynna and Violet and Penny died, I had just found my mom. I had to take care of her. We could grieve together. But she’s gone, and maybe she’s dead, and it would be worse if she’s not, wouldn’t it? God, what he did to her before…” He took a long pull from the bottle, and his arm dropped down almost by its own will after he had chugged a quarter of what was left inside. His fingers released, and the bottle clanged to the floor and rolled to disappear under the couch. “Don is responsible for this, and what if he’s responsible for the other siege? The one when Mom gave herself up? What if he’s responsible for Mel’s death and my mom getting taken again?”
I opened my mouth to answer, and I was ready to tell him that he was creating an incriminating case against Don, and that was a dangerous thing to be doing. But if he and John were right, and Don had planned the bombing, if he had arranged the siege with the Old Spirits all those years ago, then we were in more trouble than I could possibly fathom right then. I wanted to tell myself that Eli’s grief was making him connect dots that weren’t really there, because an intricate and implausible conspiracy theory would give him someone close by to blame, not some faceless enemy that was spread all across the endless lands of Pangaea, but my gut told me that he was right. John had believed it. Eli believed it. Lara had known it. Brynna had known it. Don was not to be trusted, and he was finally making his move.
“He bombs his own sermon. He makes sure ahead of time that there is no Elixir to heal the wounded.” Eli continued, “And all those years ago, he somehow leads the Old Spirits here so they can burn down half the village, and why? Because we were living peacefully by then? Because we had forgotten the war, and he wanted us back in it? Because people had been listening to my mom, because they had forgiven her, and he saw another Olivier woman coming in to take his throne? Probably, but there is more to it than that. The Old Spirits would kill him. They would come in here, and they would change our ways to their ways, right? So he wouldn’t align himself with them. He wouldn’t. Right?”
There was that Olivier brain at work. I had seen it most strongly in Brynna, of course, but Violet, Lara, and Eli were known to start at the foot of the woods, so to speak, staring down hundreds of paths that all led into darkness, but promised light at the end. They would choose a path, run up it for a while, and they’d either double back, or they’d find a smaller path branching off the larger path, and they would run further, double back, and run further. Now, Brynna sped through the dark and treacherous forest in record time, and nine times out of ten, arrived at the correct conclusion. It took a little longer for the others, but as I sat watching Eli as he worked his way through the woods, I did what I had always done when I watched: I listened, and found myself won over by their reasoning. It was rare that after traversing the dark and treacherous woods, an Olivier arrived at the wrong conclusion, and as Eli talked, I found myself more and more convinced that he and I had some work to do. 
“I think you’re right.” I told him, and I reached out and slapped his face lightly when he began to doze off, “You hear me? I think you’re right.”
“‘Course I’m right. Motherfucker. Don’t hit me ‘cuz I’m right. High-five or something that makes sense.”
“I’ll high-five you when we figure this out. It will be one of those jumping high-fives, even though you’re way taller than me, so I’ll have to jump really high, and contrary to the old stereotype, not all black guys can jump really high.”
He laughed at that so hysterically that in his drunkenness, he drooled. He wiped the drool away, and then he wiped the tears from his eyes. 
“Shit, man… Making me laugh already, and my wife’s not even cold yet. The fuck is wrong with you?”
“I’m a good friend, clearly. Mel wouldn’t want you to…”
He waved both hands sloppily, his eyes closed, his head shaking back and forth.
“Not yet, man. I can’t start thinking about that yet. I’ve got this mission, right? I’ve got to solve the mystery, tie up all the loose ends, kill the dictator, save the world, right? Then I’ll think about what Mel would have wanted, and I’ll probably put a fucking bullet in my head.”
“Don’t say that, Eli!”
“I don’t mean it. I’m too much of a coward to put a bullet in my head, and Mel would be pissed if I did it while I still had you, John, and Allie to look after.”
I had always thought Melinda hated us, because John was not exactly fond of her and Eli’s constant bickering, Allie thought she was an outright bitch, and I kind of did, too. But I found myself more than a little saddened by her death, and I was definitely more than a little saddened by the deaths of all those innocent people the night before, and I found myself totally convinced that Don was up to something, and it was up to Eli and me to figure out what.
“You do have us. We need you. Christ, there’s not many members of our weird family left. We can’t afford to lose you, too. So here’s what we’re going to do: You’re going to take today to get drunk and grieve. Tonight, we’re going to go to the memorial service. Tonight, I might even get drunk with you. But tomorrow, we are going to start investigating this. We’re going to get to the bottom of it, and then, we’re either going to confront Don, or we’re going to have to just hate him for all the other stuff he’s done and because he’s an all-around disgusting excuse for a human being.”
“Sounds good. I’m gonna puke now, so you might want to clear out.”
“Gross. I’m out. Call me if you need me.”
I left his house just as he made a truly awful wretching noise. The sound of splattering vomit followed me out onto the rocky street.
***
Deaths on Pangaea are handled similarly to how deaths on Earth were handled. Sort of. There is the option of burning or burial, but burial is done sans coffin so the body can nourish the Earth the way the Earth nourished the body, and burning is done on a funeral pyre, in front of the grieving relatives. Melinda had stated explicitly in her will that she wanted to be burned, and Eli said to me, somewhat bitterly, somewhat longingly, that she did that because she knew it would drive him almost to the brink of insanity, watching her go up in flames. 
Embalming is not a custom on Pangaea, as embalming fluid is an artificial substance, and the body is meant to return to the Earth and air as clean and pure as it was made by the One God. Also, the dead are not made up to look their best selves, because, especially in times of war, it is important for the dead to proudly wear the scars, wounds, wears, and tears as they are covered in dirt or lit by flames. The worst part, in my opinion, was that the primary loved one—so a husband for a wife, or vice versa, or one parent for a child, usually the mother, as she was the one to bring the child into the world, so she would be the one to see him or her off out of the world—lit the flame or threw a few shovelfuls of dirt. 
My hand was on Eli’s shoulder as we stood around the funeral pyre, and I couldn’t help thinking that it shouldn’t have been me there. It should have been John, the man who had taken up the role Eli’s father had vacated willingly all those years ago. It should have been Alice, who, even with her new coldness and distance from all those she proclaimed to love, always knew the right words to say. I didn’t have the slightest clue what to say to him, besides “I’m sorry,” and I had said that a thousand times already, and I knew better than anyone that it didn’t help a damn thing. People on the ship said they were sorry to hear about how my parents were slaughtered by Shadows, and it didn’t make even the slightest dent in the grief that had filled up the whole of my chest cavity like a lead balloon. People were telling me they were sorry to hear about mine and Alice’s relationship issues, and that just made me angry. So instead of telling Eli for the thousandth-and-first time that I was sorry, I just let go of his shoulder, watched as he took the torch from Don, at whom we both scowled darkly, and then diverted my eyes when he placed the flame onto the pyre that was made from weaved-together bark of the flare tree. 
Half her face had been burnt away, and she had lost one of her legs and one of her arms. Her unburnt skin had been ghostly white, almost translucent, in the very few places where you could find white, unburnt skin. The fire had burned away most of her hair, and she died looking like exactly what she was: a casualty of war, and as per Pangaean customs, she had been laid out with her injuries displayed in full “glory.” I had been unable to look at her, and a sick thought crossed my mind. I distinctly thought, “She’ll look better once she’s all gone.” And what do you do when nasty thoughts like that come bursting seemingly out of nowhere? I wanted to punch myself. I did curse myself. But honestly, was I so wrong to think that once the fire finished its job, it would be easier to look at her? I wouldn’t be seeing her pain anymore, only her ashes. Somehow, that was better.
The flare tree-bark pyre does something amazing: it is so hot that it burns everything into ash, and then, the ash and leftover sap from the bark cement themselves to the ground so they cannot be blown away by the wind. It takes very little effort for human hands to gather the ashes, which are then put into an urn, and given to the primary relative, so after Melinda had burned away into ash, she was gathered up, put in an urn, and given to Eli. 
“More than I got for any of my sisters or even Maura.” He told me that night as we sat around the fire in his backyard. I had had my fill of fire for the past few days, but whenever we drank, we did so at night, under the stars, around a bonfire. We passed a bottle back and forth, and once the first bottle was gone, we cracked open a second.
After a long drink of Salt Rum (which tastes as disgusting as it sounds, but gets you wasted fast), I looked at him across the flames. The urn was sitting next to him on the cushion of the wicker loveseat, and I couldn’t help thinking how macabre the sight of it was. I wished he would put her in the house. And how macabre is it even to say that? Put her in the house. She wasn’t ‘her’ anymore. She was just ash. 
I sound very insensitive, but as I am sure you have gathered, I was not good at comforting other people, and I could be pretty selfish when I was emotionally distraught. It’s not that all I could think of was Alice, though she was certainly right at the forefront of my mind. But every time I tried to focus all of my attention on Eli and his grief, I thought of her. I thought of how I would be just as devastated as Eli if something were to happen to her, if not more devastated. I couldn’t fathom it, and I wouldn’t. What I said earlier about Melinda looking better once she was all gone sounds insensitive, but I had seen so much death. I had attended so many Burning Rituals and Burial Rituals. I had seen so many mutilated or completely destroyed bodies being reduced to ash or buried. It never lost its edge, not completely, but it certainly got a little less shocking each time. What concerned me most was Eli’s grief. It was making sure my friend was going to be okay. I was not too worried, though; he had survived so much. His whole life had been one fight for survival after another, just like mine had been, and he always made it. But still, I thought to myself, every person has a breaking point, and Eli had lost his mother, his three sisters, the woman who had helped raise him, and his wife, not to mention the father he had known his whole life, because regardless of the fact that Daniel was a despicable bastard, he was still his father. All had died under violent circumstances. All had been taken from him. I had lost my parents all those years ago, and I had thought that there was no way any pain could be worse. There was no person in any life, on any planet, ever, in the history of existence, who could feel the guilt and grief that I had felt. But then I had watched Eli lose so many people he loved, seemingly all at once, and I had heard his regrets: He had never made things right with Brynna, and they had always been so close. He had been distant from Violet and Penny in the last year of their lives, because he had been wrapped up in Janna, and he had been angry at Brynna, and he had not liked how much Penny and Violet loved and relied upon James, because he felt like he should have been playing that role, the surrogate father role, and yet he did not want to. When Lara was taken, he had been right there, but her control over his mind stopped him from being able to keep her from walking right back into the hands of her captors. He knew that if she was alive, she was being treated brutally, so he wished she was dead, and that made him feel guilty, too. 
More than many people who made that fateful trip from Earth to Pangaea, Eli had suffered. It was never-ending for him, it seemed, that suffering. No one gives him his due when they talk about the Oliviers. People brush over how for years, he watched his family dwindle away as each member fell. A quirky story about him that is often told, in oral histories and written in the books for the kiddies at school: Eli loved the book And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie, which he found in his mother’s room in hers and John’s house in Luna Moors. I never understood why. I wouldn’t understand why it spoke to him in the way it did until later. I won’t spoil it now, but he and his mother saw some sick irony in it that they found morbidly funny and yet terribly sad. They both conflated that irony with the world in which we were living and fighting and dying, and to our makeshift family. Eli had murmured something when I had visited him earlier in the day, and I hadn’t known what he had said, but as I watched him sitting there, taking long pulls of the Salt Rum in rapid succession, I remembered, even though I had thought in the moment that I hadn’t heard him.
“And then there were four.” He had said, and God, he was right. It was scary, but he was right.
“What are you going to do with the ashes?” I asked him.
“Oh, she wanted them scattered in one of the big cities, but I’m not shipping out for three months, because I’m allegedly not fit for combat…” He rolled his eyes, “Like Don Abba fuckin’ cares if I’m fit or not. I’m surprised he doesn’t just send me out. Things would be so much easier for him if in my grief, I didn’t tread carefully enough and got blown up on a landmine as a result.”
“He doesn’t know about your catlike grace, clearly. Even in grief, you’d still skip around like a little ballerina.”
He laughed at that, and I did, too.
“Am I a cat, or a ballerina?”
“You’re a Caterina.”
Call it a spit-take. Call it a party foul. Whatever the name, he was soon covered in Salt Rum that had spewed out of his mouth, and even though it was gross, I laughed as hard as he did.
“That wasn’t even funny.” He told me, “But I like it. Either way, she wanted me to go to the highest tower in one of the Free Cities, go up to the tippy top, and throw her ashes to the wind. Like I was scattering her to the horizon. Like I was showering the world with her soul. Really, though, all I would be doing is showering the people of one of the free cities with the ashes of my wife…” His voice cracked, and I thought he was faking it for comedic effect, which would have been totally inappropriate and therefore totally like Eli’s normal self, which then would have been an encouraging sign that he was going to be alright. Because I thought he was laughing, I laughed, and some Salt Rum dribbled out of my mouth. When I saw that he was actually crying, I cleared my throat uncomfortably and took another drink.
“Fuck, man… I’m…”
“I know. You’re sorry. Everyone’s sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry that she jumped right into the fray, and took control, like she always did, and hauled all those people back to the Infirmary, and that she was there right at the minute it blew. But you know what I’m most sorry about, Quinn? I’m sorry I wasn’t in there with her.”
“Come on, man.” I leaned forward, and even though I was pretty drunk by then, I made my tongue that was swollen with all my excess spit, and from the drying effects of the Salt Rum, and from my sloppy drunkenness, deflate so I could speak normally. So I could speak to him firmly. 
“Don’t talk like that, Eli.” I told him, “We are gonna end this thing. For Mel. For Brynn. For Violet, and Penny, and for your mom, man. I promise. You gotta stick this out until the end.”
“I know.” He replied begrudgingly, in irritation, “Come on, man, I know. Besides, I’m too pretty to die.”
We both laughed at that, and he reached out for the bottle.
“We gotta solve this mystery of Don Abba. We gotta bust him being shady, and then, if he deserves it, we gotta kill him. Or we gotta throw him to the Old Spirits, and then someone else can take over. John or Allie. Or maybe both of them.”
“John would be good. He’s tall and menacing, and he gets shit done. Plus, he cares about other people’s problems. John would be good.”
“Allie would be good, too. I know you’re pissed at her, but you’ve gotta see that she’s a natural leader. Why do you think she rose up the ranks so fast? She knows how to talk to people. She knows how to get shit done.”
“Yeah.” I replied, and the alcohol brought all my bitterness to the surface, “Yeah, she knows how to handle everyone else on this planet but herself and me.”
“I don’t know, she seems to be handling herself pretty damn well, and you, too, for that matter. You just don’t like it because she’s standing up for what she wants, even though it’s not what you want.”
“What?! That is not even true.”
“It is true. She wants to be out there fighting, and you want her to be home, because you want to be home, so you’ve convinced yourself that you think it’s right for her, that it’s what she needs, when really, what she needs is to be doing whatever she wants to be doing.”
He got me. He had a point. But by the One God, the Old-World God, and every other God ever, I would never admit that to him.
“Well, maybe I’m pissed because I have always gone along with what she wants, and now, when I want something, she won’t go along with me. Instead of being understanding or open to at least considering it, she just gets all stubborn and starts acting like a fucking Commander, barking orders at me about how it’s going to be. And threatening me with divorce. Telling me she wants time apart. Well, bullshit! I don’t play that game.”
“Oh, two bulls locking horns. How I know the phenomenon well.” He had been rubbing his eyes, but he stopped and looked at me, “You and Allie. Me and Mel. Lara and John. Brynna and James. Tony and Tom. God, the only couple that don’t fit that bill were Rachel and Joe, who talked everything through before they got anywhere close to a fight, and Violet and Nick, who were so fucking young and innocent and idealistic and good that they never got like that.”
“They had their moments.”
“She was running around with Caspar Elohimson behind his back, and he knew about it, and did nothing!”
“First of all, ‘running around’ makes it sound like she was cheating on him, which she wasn’t, which you very well know, and if it was behind Nick’s back, he wouldn’t have known about it, dumbass.”
“Gee, sorry, Brynna, for not using words right while I’m drunk. Asshole. Either way, that’s what you and Allie are doing now. You’re locking horns, and you’re both stuck, see, ‘cuz you’re stubborn. The only way to get unstuck…” He pointed at me, “…is to compromise.”
“Thanks, Dr. Phil. I’ll keep that in mind when she comes home. But I’m not backing down on this one. I want to be home. We need to be home. We have been out fighting for years, and how close have we gotten to ending this war?”
“About as close as we are to Earth right now.”
“Exactly! It’s not doing any good, us being out there. It’s just driving us apart. It’s making her crazier, because she feels like no matter how much she gives this, it’s just not enough. It’s making me crazy, because I can’t give her what she wants, because what she wants is to be out there being Commander Kickass of the Red Anarchy, representing freedom and democracy and patriotism and shit, and any kind of life I try to give her that isn’t that life just isn’t going to be good enough. She’s too far gone, man. She’s one of those soldiers who has seen too much, and there’s no taking it back. She’s too far gone. ‘Nam’s got her. She’s fucking Marlon Brando in Apocalypse Now. ‘The horror, the horror…’”
“I don’t think she’s that at all.” He told me, “‘Cuz she hasn’t been beat yet. I don’t think she’ll ever be beat, not even if they kill her. She’ll always be one of us. She’ll always be a Red. They’ll never take that from her, no matter what they do. And she might be totally enmeshed in this thing, but so am I. So is John. You’re not, and you have your reasons. You’re tired. You see the reality of it that we all can’t face, and that reality is that it’s fucking useless to keep this up. It’s hopeless. The people we love are dead, they aren’t coming back no matter how many Old Spirits we torture and kill, and the torturing and killing doesn’t make knowing they are permanently, irreversibly gone from the world any less painful. So, yeah, she is far gone. We are all far gone. And it’s too late to turn back now.” He was lying back on the couch, “Nope. John, Allie, and me, we’re speeding ‘round the curves and up the long, endless highway going 120, and the tires are burning, and the engine’s smoking, but we just keep pushing the pedal down, pushing it down even though it’s got nowhere else to go.”
He yawned and closed his eyes.
“Sooner or later, we’ll crash, and that will be it. That’ll be all she wrote. Curtains drawn. Lights out. ‘And then there were none.’”
***
I fell asleep that night thinking about an episode of this long-running British scifi show we had watched for my History of Television class. It was another relic from the so-called “Golden Age of Television,” and my teacher had included this show because a) it had been on for over fifty years, thus making it the longest running science-fiction program in not only British history, but in American history, too (even though in those days, he said, at least in terms of pop culture, America and Britain were still pretty allied), and b) because it represented a trend in what was popular at the time, and what was popular was sci-fi and action and fantasy, as well as traditional dramas. Sci-fi and action and fantasy and superheroes had become in vogue, and why, my teacher asked rhetorically? Because the world was scary, and we liked to watch the heroes face the bad guys and win, and we liked to imagine a world where the past, present, and future are managed by one man, a solitary hero, a lonely, benevolent traveler who continually swoops in to save the human race from destruction by its own hand or by the hands of alien invaders. Pangaeans had been coming to our planet for centuries, so they had more than likely seen this show. I wished I were close enough to any of the Pangaeans in Luna Moors to ask if they knew anyone who had seen it, and what those people thought of it. I had loved it, and I had made Alice watch a bunch of episodes with me, and she had loved it, too. 
Anyway, we watched all the episodes, and there was one that featured Agatha Christie, and though this is really sad, that was the first I had heard of her. She was a prolific writer who had written several classic mystery books, and I had never heard of her in school. I wondered if any of her books had somehow offended the Allegiance Board, and that was why they weren’t taught in schools anymore. Or perhaps they had offended the Family Coalition. It was rare we knew which side had taken any particular action. But either way, Agatha Christie had become a favorite of Eli and Lara, like I said. As I laid on Eli’s other sofa, tossing and turning all night, asleep but not resting, my mind fully awake, I thought of those ominous words he had said so airily just before he passed out. “And then there were none.”
Say he, Alice, and John did meet their ends. Say they did crash. I would be left alive, so he should have said “And then there was one.” But instead, he had said, “And then there were none,” so he hadn’t included me in his speeding-car metaphor, which had been kind of depressing and provoked the sensitive, needy little wimp in me to whine, “Well, what about me?” which is disgusting, truly, and embarrassing to admit. 
Well, Brynna’s voice said, and weirdly, when I heard it, my legs stopped kicking, my heart slowed, and my mind cleared, If you lost them all, would you want to live? Would you want to be one man, with no one else?
Of course I wouldn’t. I always said it: I couldn’t fathom my life without Alice. I couldn’t fathom it just being her and me, either, though. I couldn’t fathom losing every person I had ever loved. It was not that he had seemingly not included me in the metaphor, it was that he had included me, and I was a passive passenger, along for the ride, perhaps against my will, but probably not. Because we all knew I would come around. I would put myself back at Alice’s side, and not only that, I would see her reasoning, and I would get to where she needed me to be, to where I needed me to be. I was having some growing pains, but they would pass, and I’d be back. I thought. I hoped. Even if I wasn’t a passive passenger, destined to die beside them because they and the war in which we were fighting were forces beyond my control, even if I was somehow in control of it, it didn’t make me any less dead. His words haunted me because once we were all gone, that was it. We were gone. Every one of us. All gone. Vanished. Erased. Like we never were.
You need to rest, Quinn, Brynna told me, You’ve got a lot of work to do. Starting tomorrow, you have much to find and see and learn and do. Your instincts are right, so you have to follow them, but you won’t be able to do that if you don’t sleep. 
Because I was in that space between dreaming and waking, a question that would sound strange or random if spoken out loud, in the waking hours, in the light of day, sounded totally normal to my ears, and to hers, too, I knew.
Are you resting, Brynna? Are you sleeping forever?
I heard what sounded like one of her soft, knowing laughs. The ones I had seen Violet do. They brushed their hair behind their ears, and looked down at the ground or up at the sky when they did it. Swimming before the darkness behind my closed eyelids, I saw her laugh, brush her hair back, and look up at the sky, clear as an old movie. 
Forever… She repeated, It is a word that never moves too far from the forefront of your mind, Quinn Wesley. 
I tumbled away into darker blackness, into total sleep, and as I fell, the light that was her got further away, and the further it got, the more I saw that the light was not her; it was behind her, and she was a shadow, a shadow that was watching me fall, and waving slowly, waving me off into perfect, peaceful, quiet sleep.
Our parting words are so cryptic, we Oliviers, Her voice echoed down softly, teasingly, following me into the abyss, reaching me before I was lost in it, ‘Forever is never far from your mind,’ ‘And then there were none…’ You will remember these words for the rest of your days, Quinn. Now sleep.
***
“Wake up, you lazy son of a bitch!” Elijah shouted deafeningly before literally jumping onto me with his elbow bent and extended towards my jugular. My instincts sensed the attack coming, so before I had even opened my eyes, I had drawn in a deep breath, crossed my arms so that they were formed into an X right in front of my face, and when he crashed into my arms, I thrust upwards, sending him hurtling backwards off of the couch and onto the floor. 
“Nice, man.” He told me, “Nice!”
“Don’t do that!” I snapped at him, as I stood up and started to move towards the bathroom, “I almost pissed all over myself.”
“Yup. Salt Rum, walnut bladder, and terror.” He told me, just before I closed the door, “But at least your Training is still good! You hit back before you had even woken up!”
“Yeah, you remember when James and the other guys used to sneak into our houses while we were sleeping to test if we could do that?” I called back to him.
“Fuck, man, they got me so many times. Every time, they got me. I’d fight back, but not good enough. Trust me, at that time, I took any opportunity I could find to fight back with James.”
“Oh, man, when you two used to fight in the ring…” I said as I came out of the bathroom, “He used to own you, dude.”
“It’s not my fault he’s a fucking Herculian, and I’m just a lowly Ares, okay?! Of course he’s better at fighting than me. I’m tall and skinny, and he was tall and built like a tank.”
“Well, he wasn’t a bodybuilder, man.” 
“No, but he was built. Way more built than me, and trust me, I tried to be built. I still try, and I got nothing.”
“Yup. You do still look like a gangly spaghetti monster, as Penny would say.” 
He laughed at that half hysterically, and I chuckled at the memory. I remembered how we had all been in James and Brynna’s kitchen (where we spent pretty much every morning), and Eli and James had been ignoring each other as usual, so James and Brynna were standing by the sink, talking quietly and kissing whenever they felt Penny was adequately distracted, and Penny and Eli had been arguing animatedly about something, until finally Penny shouted out, “And why should I listen to a gangly spaghetti monster like you?!” And we had all died. Penny, in the slightly bashful yet proud way that kids do after they’ve done something particularly hilarious, explained, “He’s tall and his arms and legs are skinny, so he looks like gangly spaghetti!” “
“Oh, there is no denying she is your child, my love.” James had told Brynna through his laughter, “You can never deny her.”
“That kid, I swear.” Eli told me, “Hands down, one of the best things to ever happen to the universe, and…” 
He stopped. That quickly, we were sad. That’s what they don’t tell you, when someone dies, and they say, “Think of all the good times.” You think of the good times, and you laugh, and then you’re left feeling empty and sad all over again, because you realize all over again that that person is irreversibly gone, and you’ll never hear them joke or laugh or even just talk to you anymore. In Penny’s case, it was all the more tragic thinking of how funny and awesome she had been while she was alive, because we knew she’d only have gotten funnier and more awesome as she got older, and she had been robbed of that chance. She had been robbed of her life, and we had been robbed of her life. 
“Never mind.” Eli said after clearing his throat, “We don’t have time for it right now. So, go home, put on something that doesn’t make you look like Will Smith, circa 1999, and let’s go prove Don’s a treasonous asshole!”
I laughed at that, and the tension was broken.
“In my defense, Will Smith circa 1999 was fucking awesome. Fresh Prince…”
“Fresh Prince!” He said at the same time as me, and we both replied, “Yeah…” and then laughed again.
“I take it back. You want to look like the Fresh Prince, look like the Fresh Prince. You’ll look way cooler than me, but it’s whatever. You don’t need to look cool to prove Don is a treasonous asshole.”
“Maybe I’ll wear all black like you are, and we can look like Men in Black.”
“I can be Tommy Lee Jones?! Or do you want to be Tommy Lee Jones?”
“I thought I was Will Smith!”
“Fine, then I’m Tommy Lee Jones. Fuck yes, let’s do this!”
“I’ll be right back.”
***
It was a distinct possibility that we would look like we were up to something investigatory, considering we were walking around town wearing all black clothes and black sunglasses. But everyone was wearing black clothes. It had only been two days since the bombing. Everyone was still grieving, so anyone who might have wished us harm if they knew what we were up to wouldn’t have suspected us of anything, because we really were blending right into the crowd. On our way to the Infirmary, we had to pass the open field where the bombing had happened. Someone had cleaned up the rubble, and in its place, people had left flowers, cards, stuffed animals, incense, candles, and as a Pangaean custom, four torches, two on each side of the memorial, to represent the Four-Armed One God. When I homed in with my enhanced vision, I saw that each torch had one of the four symbols of the One God painted on the wicker holder just below the flame: The man with the arrows, called simply The Strong Man, The Eye of Knowledge, the Flame of Passion, and the Chalice of Desire. Herculians, Athenes, Ares, and Dionysians, standing in harmony, keeping watch together in a vigil to the dead. No Athenes had died in the bombing, because the last Athene had died many years earlier, and to my knowledge, we had no Dionysians in our camp. But it was about the symbolism. The torches represented each population, even if every member of the population had been turned to dust long ago. 
“Don’t look at it, man. We don’t have time to think about it, and we don’t have time to grieve.” Eli told me, “Remember the plan. Follow it exactly, and this should go off without a hitch, okay?”
“Yup.”
As much as I hated blood, and even though I was a total wimp when it came to pain, I pulled out my knife and sliced my arm so deep, a torrent of red poured onto the rocks just in front of the Greenhouse, which was by then doubling as the second Infirmary, because it was where the Medical Records and Inventory Lists had been stored even before the bombing. I walked inside, and immediately became overwhelmed by the damp, humid, heavy air, and the smell of wet greenery. It made me want to throw up or pass out. Well, I might have wanted to pass out because I was losing a lot of blood…
“Had a run-in with some sheet metal.” I told the receptionist, who jumped up, took me by the elbow, and led me into a makeshift observation room. Beside me was a glass wall, and through the condensation on it, I could see the first room full of plants. When I didn’t see any Elixir, I reminded myself that it was just one room, and the Elixir had to be kept in the cold, and that they more than likely harvested it the minute it had grown to maturity. So it was probably kept in the storage rooms. 
Through the glass adjacent to the glass right beside me, I watched Eli stroll quickly up the hallway, not looking over his shoulder once, just walking by like he owned the place. As the doctor came in, rubbed my arm down with the wet leaves of the plant that coagulated blood, and then stitched the cut closed, I counted in my mind. Fifteen minutes. Just like Eli and I had planned. 
“Alright, Mr. Wesley. Let’s be a little more careful next time.” The young Earthean girl told me. She wasn’t as young as she looked physically. She had been in school with Violet under Dr. Miletus back in Shadow Village. She smiled up at me shyly, the way she had always smiled at everyone, and I thought how she kind of looked like Alice, with her heart-shaped face, and her blonde hair, and her blue eyes, but Alice was still prettier. Then I thought how I was supposed to be focused on this epic mission to prove Don was a treasonous asshole but instead, I was still thinking, totally selfishly, about my relationship problems. As they discharged me from the infirmary, I wasn’t thinking about how I hadn’t seen Eli hurry past. I was thinking about how I still wanted to tell Alice that I remembered the log cabin, and I wanted to be with her, because I loved her so much, and…
I was outside, squinting even though the day was drearily overcast, just like it always tended to be in Luna Moors. The nights were beautiful enough to make you forget the dreary days, but the dreary days were long because of the anticipation that built for those beautiful nights. I was walking outside, still thinking about Alice, wondering where she was, when I remembered that there were windows all along the cinderblock bottom of the building, and through them, you could see into the storage rooms. Just as I ducked into the alley to start looking for Eli (finally returning to the mission at hand), I heard the very light, almost inaudible pound of shoes on the rocks behind me. I whipped around, and he was there, grinning, holding up three small, leather-bound books labeled with the dates of the previous three months. 
“Inventory of Medicinal Herbs, Fungi, and Substances.” He told me proudly. 
“Did you just jump off the roof?”
“Yup!” He replied as he started to stride away, “Almost got caught by one of the other doctors, so I found this back stairway that led to the roof, and here we are.”
“Did you see any Elixir stored up?” 
“None in the rooms I saw, but we’ve got exactly what we need. The Inventory logs, and the Patient lists. We’ll see where all the Elixir went, and that won’t prove what we’re trying to prove, at least not completely, but it’s a start.”
***
“Come on, Quinn, this is exactly what we’re looking for! The Elixir was there on the 30th, and gone on the 1st. Two whole rooms of it, gone! He took it!”
“No patients coming in that were treated with Elixir.” I agreed, “But you know this isn’t enough to accuse him.”
“Nope! But it’s a start. And it begs the question: Why? The bombing got rid of the people who were opposed to him, so why would he have to let the innocent people standing by die? They could have been healed, and he still would have gotten what he wanted.”
“Why set off the second bomb?” I asked, because our minds were working through this complex conspiracy on different tracks, and yet we both knew that those track would soon converge. They had to. It was all becoming so apparent, so readily obvious. It had been there right in front of us the whole time. The brashness of it was unbelievable. It was so unlike Don, to be so bold and brave. But then, he thought now that Brynna was dead and Lara was gone that he was the smartest human-like creature on either planet, so he thought we wouldn’t figure it out. He thought no one would figure out his game.
“I mean, it could have been to make it look like the Old Spirits were just being the terrible people that they are, but it just seems excessive, even for them.” Eli suggested, “How many times have they hit twice like that? Ever, in all of our years of cleaning up after Old Spirit attacks in other cities, villages, and towns? How many of their plans have we overturned where there has been more than one hit planned? More than one bomb? More than one shot? More than one sacking, even. They hit a place, they take who they want, they kill who they want, and they leave. They don’t double back to eat the leftovers like we do.”
“Exactly. Now, for argument’s sake, we could say that they’ve been watching us do it, so they figured it was time they tried.”
“It’s time they tried? After twenty-five years straight of us doing it, and them not doing it. Knowing Tyre, he probably has some moral justification for only hitting once. He’s called ‘the One God,’ so you only hit once, or something stupid like that.”
“And you know what they say: Murderers never change their M.O. They don’t switch from guns to knives. They don’t switch from one hit to two hits. There was no desperation in this. If it were the Old Spirits, they’d see it as they had hit us once, taken out over one hundred of our people, pretty much guaranteed to have taken out Don, or so they would think…” 
“And that’s where all this started, Quinn. How the fuck did Don get off that stage when everyone else was killed? He had to have known it was coming. We all have instincts. We all can feel bad things right as they’re about to happen. You can’t tell me that the Military people up on that stage didn’t feel it before he would have felt it. We’re trained to hone those instincts into being of superhuman strength. He knew it was coming. And he darted off just before they threw the bomb.” 
“Exactly!” I said, and my heart was pounding. We were so close. We had so much evidence. All we needed was just a few more pieces, and the puzzle would be complete, and then the only step left would be to confront Don. “He made a mistake, you know. I mean, obviously, he made many mistakes, because we’re figuring out his master plan right now. But he put it on the books. He let the people take inventory, and put it on the books. The Elixir was there, and then it was gone, overnight. That was his biggest mistake. The fucking genius leader slash criminal mastermind left a goddamn paper trail.”
“I know, right?” Eli actually laughed, “What a fucking douche. I’m surprised he didn’t pull a whole, ‘The Elixir has been stolen! We must find the culprit at once!’”
“You and me both, bro. So now, we need to think about motive. Why did he bomb his own sermon?” 
“What were they fighting about?” He asked, “The Council? When we were in the meetings, what were they fighting about?”
“I don’t know. I always stopped listening after we passed the Military part.”
“I’m trying to remember. There was something about trying to level the rocks to make it easier to walk, which was proposed by a former Earthean and was opposed by all the native Pangaeans. They said that we’re wimps, basically.”
I chuckled.
“There was stuff about taxes,” He continued thoughtfully, “Because as we all know, Don has such a boner for taxes.”
“That he does.”
“And there was a lot of stuff about the Unallied.”
“Right!” I snapped my fingers and pointed at him, realizing that we had just cracked the whole case wide open, “Allie told me about that! She had to go to all those other meetings for the higher-ups, and she says all Don is talking about is wanting to try to ally with the Unallied.”
“What an idiot.” Eli replied, “They’re called the Unallied for a reason. They don’t want to be under the reign of Adam, who wrote Don’s whole creed. They don’t want to be under the reign of Tyre, who is a pious, sadistic, pent-up, asshole. So what did Allie say? A lot of people were opposed to trying to bring the Unallied in?”
“Yes. Don kept arguing that the Old Spirits have way more people than we do, so we need to bring the Unallied in, and those who were opposed to it said that the Unallied are lawless and sadistic, and are worse than the Old Spirits.”
“In some ways. They’re both savages, but at least the Unallied don’t use some old-ass creed to justify being savages. They are what they are.”
“Sure,” I agreed, “But in terms of what they do to other people, they’re just as bad, if not worse.”
“That’s debatable.” 
“Whatever, dude. Maybe that’s Don’s game. All the people who were opposed to joining up with the Unallied were killed, except for Allie and John and a few others.”
“Do you know what I think?” He asked, “Do you know what would have put this entire issue to bed to begin with? If we knew who set off the bombs. For all we know, it was our own people.”
“How will that help us? And how will we even be able to tell?”
“Light Bomb residue, brother! It glows in the dark!”
I slammed my fist on the table, because it was brilliant, and then jumped up onto my feet.
“Do you think they’ve burned the bodies yet?”
“No. You know the rule. ‘Not until the sun has risen and fallen once over the graves of the lost shall any perpetrator of violence be burned or buried.’”
“So, how much time do we got?”
He looked at the creepy cat clock with the moving eyes on the wall.
“Only a couple hours. Let’s go.”
***
When we opened the front door of Eli’s house, we both actually gasped out loud, jumped back a step, and Eli actually kind of squealed. It would have been hilarious had we not been staring down none other than the man we had been calling a treasonous asshole all morning. Suddenly, Don Abba’s large eyes were not so comical; in fact, in the dim lighting on the porch, and with the dark gray clouds swirling behind him in the sky, they almost looked menacing. No longer were they that light blue, they were almost black. Or so I thought. When Eli recovered himself enough to invite Don into the house, and Don stepped over the threshold, his eyes were back to their normal electric blue, and I wondered if it was the lighting, or if he had forced them to change over. I wondered if he knew we were up to something, or if we were just getting paranoid.
We all sat down on the couches, Eli and I on one with Don sitting across from us.
“So Alice and John shipped out this morning?” He asked.
“I think you already know the answer to that, Don. Considering you’re the one who gave them the ship-out orders. You gave them the location, and told them to go.”
“Yes, and I’m sorry. I know you and Alice were having some issues last night, but I couldn’t have grounded her if I tried. You know she’d rather be out there than in here.”
He was needling me, and it was working. My teeth were clenching, and I was watching his eyes watch the tension in my jaw. Don, even when he was playing his little mind games, never came across as smug. He never allowed his opponent to think he was anything other than genuinely concerned, and when he was questioning someone, he never allowed them to think he was anything other than genuinely curious. I was supposed to let my guard down, but he knew I wouldn’t. I was supposed to get angry, and he thought I would. I couldn’t afford to lose it, though. He had come there for a reason, and we had to let him talk. He’d give himself away, at least a little bit.
“I do have the authority to step in and ground her, if I feel like she is a danger to herself and her team. If I feel like she’s distracted by her emotions, if she’s too… unsettled… I can tell her to stay, and I thought very seriously last night about grounding her, but when I saw her this morning, she was all business. Even after the, um…” He cleared his throat as though in discomfort, “The nature of your fight last night, what she said she wanted, she was still perfectly in the zone, as they say. Ready to go.”
Beside me, I could see Eli tensing, in both anger and in anxiety. He was pissed because Don was needling me like that; Eli was my brother, and when someone stepped to me, they were stepping to him, too. He was worried because we were both so emotionally frazzled, and the moment we snapped on Don was dangerously close as a result. Too much needling, and Don Abba would cease to exist, and regardless of how we felt about him, the Pangaeans and the former Eartheans in our camp liked him, and as a result of this tepid liking, they would be forced to uphold the law and imprison us, try us, and exile us. There were no executions besides those required by the war; we killed no one but Old Spirits, even if one of us killed another one of us. Don didn’t believe in sentencing any of his people to die. He “didn’t have that right.”
If I killed him, though, I’m sure his people would find a little asterisk next to that law in our Constitution, and the footnote would say, “If the great, powerful, and fearless leader, Don Abba, should fall by the hand of one of his own, ‘tis treason of the highest variety, and treason of this severity shall merit the unspeakable consequence of death!” 
So Eli and I had to keep ourselves calm.
“That’s Alice for you.” I told him, and I grinned proudly, “You can never doubt her loyalty to the cause, can you, Don?”
“No.” He shook his head slightly, smiling with just his mouth; his eyes were struggling to turn black or red, so they were flecked with strands of both. “Not to the cause. I can doubt her loyalty to me, though.” 
His smile widened, but his eyes remained devoid of any light. It was kind of amazing, the way his face looked. I almost wanted to take a picture, because I had never seen someone able to have such contrasting emotions on his face at once. In fact, in the many years I had known Don, I had never seen him pull that look before.
“Oh, she’s loyal to you, Don. You just don’t think she’s loyal because she calls you on your bullshit, unlike all your little peons on the Council.” Eli said. “You’ve gotten so used to people practically bowing to you, wanting to lick your boots and kiss your ass in the middle of the village square, so you think because she doesn’t do the same thing, she’s disloyal. Even though she’s killed and captured more of your Old Spirit targets than any other Commander, she’s disloyal, because unlike the rest of the assholes on your Council, she won’t drop to her knees and suck your…”
“Eli.” Don interrupted him, and his fake smile vanished, his eyes widened, and he looked genuinely horrified at what Eli had almost said. “Please don’t even suggest that. Alice is seventeen years old…”
“She’s actually in her forties.” I corrected him.
“Yeah, and I’m in my early seventies, but it doesn’t matter. We are what we are physically. Don’t you pay attention during the sermons?”
“No.” Eli and I answered simultaneously, and Don actually laughed.
“Of course you don’t.” He replied, with a genuine smile, “Have I ever told either of you how little I care that you don’t like me?”
He said it so genially, like he were saying the opposite: “Have I ever told either of you how much I appreciate that you like me so much?” 
“Have I ever told you how little I care that Alice hates me, and John would love to see me dead, because of his perceptions of how I spoke to and looked at his wife…”
“Whoa!” Eli interrupted him, waving his arms slightly and sitting forward, “You don’t have the best track record with attractive women in their forties, Don, and John knew that. Whenever my mother was in the room, you couldn’t keep your eyes off of her. Now, he suspected, and I think he was right, that the fact that she had been an Old Spirit pariah made you want her more. Look at how you treated Savannah Mack. Look at how you treated that woman the Old Spirits pretended was my mom. You lust for their leftovers, for whatever reason. So, yeah, John was going to protect my mom, who had just suffered at the hands of men just… like… you.”
He put a pause in between each word for emphasis, and it had the desired effect. Don started to sputter in indignation about how he was nothing like the Old Spirits. Everything he ever did with a woman that we deemed ‘controversial’ was consensual, and that it was none of our business, and there was no way he ever would have laid a hand on Lara, because she was Eli’s mother…
“Oh, and if she weren’t my mother, she would have been fair game?”
“Of course not! I have never touched a woman who didn’t ask me to touch her! How dare you suggest that I could ever be capable of rape?! And what is this fascination that you all have with my sex life?!”
“Because those women come out of there regretting what they did.”
“Not all of them. Let me assure you. Most of them come back for more.” He said with a triumphant laugh.
“Well, let me assure you,” I jumped in, “…that if we were on Earth, you’d be following around blonde prostitutes in the Dead Cities, begging them to take your money, so you could…”
“You stop right there.” Don spat at me, and his eyes finally turned over red, “You will not talk about her. You didn’t know her, and you will not talk about her.”
“Talk about who?” Eli asked.
“If you weren’t the all-powerful leader, Don Abba, you’d have to beg for it.” I spat back, “But all of that is so fucking irrelevant, so why don’t you get to why you’re here, Don?”
“Why don’t I?” He asked, and he was calm. His eyes returned to their normal blue, he leaned forward, and he smiled again, “All I wanted was to ask why you two didn’t come to me with your suspicions?”
Neither of us spoke. We weren’t surprised that he knew we suspected him, because we weren’t exactly the stealthiest or sneakiest of investigators. But we weren’t going to give ourselves away until he talked a little more, and we could determine how much he actually knew. He was counting on us to come right out with it, because he knew that we had been brash and bold in our pursuit of the truth, and would therefore be proud of finding it. But Eli and I didn’t take the bait, so for a few minutes, the three of us just sat in heavy silence.
“You’re waiting for me to tell you how much I know.” Don told us, “Right?”
“No, Don.” I replied, very sarcastically, but with enough convincing fake sincerity that he looked for a moment like he believed me, “We’re just waiting for you to explain what the hell you’re talking about.”
“Alright,” Don smiled with just his mouth again, “Quinn’s injury was a dead giveaway, as they say. I mean, this huge puddle of blood in the alley right beside the greenhouse, but no blood drops on any of the paths leading up to the greenhouse at all. Very suspect. Now, if you were your younger sister, Elijah, when you stole the Inventory Logs and the Patient Manifests, you would have replaced them with little black books that looked identical. They sell them in the bookstore; that’s where we get them. That could have possibly left a trail, though. So what would Brynna have done? Asked James to buy one, Rachel and Joe to buy one each, Tony and Tom… A diverse group of people who, though they are all connected to her, they do not create an obvious connection, see? Not as obvious as if she had asked you two, and Alice, and Violet to buy a couple. That’s assuming anyone found that the books for the previous months were fakes, replicas, what have you. But she would have accounted for that.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Don.” Eli replied. “Is there something in the Patient Manifests and Inventory Logs that would raise suspicions about something?”
“No.” Don shook his head, “Of course not, Eli!” He leaned forward, and his large blue eyes looked between the two of us, “But say there were. Say there was something in those books that was not supposed to be on those books. Or say there were some inconsistencies between the two books.”
“Say that there was, or say that there were.” I said.
“It would be no business of yours.” He said, and for a long moment, he paused, allowing his wide-eyed gaze to bore into Eli first, and then me, and then Eli again. “It is not your concern. You two are part of the muscle, and I am the whole brain. Leave the thinking to me, okay?”
I wanted to shout, “Leave the thinking to you?! Leave you to think up more schemes to kill all those who disagree with you? Leave you to think us into a civil war, since clearly, we don’t have enough with our world war?” But I held my tongue. Eli and I were on the same page, because he didn’t respond, either. We knew to keep playing it cool. Don’t confess anything, because we still didn’t have the whole story.
“Say you were right, Don.” Eli said carefully, “Say we had gone snooping, and say we saw that there were some inconsistencies in the logs. Say we thought, ‘Hey, maybe Don might have done something not so nice.’”
“Say that you were saying that.” Don replied.
“Well, we’d keep pushing until we had the whole story, because say you had done something not so nice, that something not so nice got my wife and several other innocent people killed. It also conveniently killed every person on that stage who was opposed to some of your suggestions. Conveniently, all your peons who would throw themselves onto a Light Bomb for you were far, far away from this Light Bomb.”
“Three of my closest advisors died.”
“Well, yeah, but thirty of your opponents died. Say all this were true, then I could say that the three of your closest advisors who died were there so no one could say that it was only your opponents. They were there to make the whole thing seem convincing.”
He was still smiling, except now, the flecks of red in his eyes were unmistakable. That should have been enough evidence for us to know that we were right in all of our allegations, but still, we were going to push until our evidence was so far past totally conclusive that there was no way a jury of even Don’s bought-off peons could deny that all we were saying was true.
“I appreciate that you boys think I am capable of pulling off such a scheme.”
“You shouldn’t appreciate anything,” I said, “Because it’s not a compliment. We’re not complimenting you.”
“Yeah, you left a fucking trail, man.” We both actually laughed, because it was so true, and so funny, “You can deny it all you want, but we’re not going to stop pushing this until we have our conclusive proof.” Eli stood up, moved to the door, and opened it, “So while I know that your visit here is supposed to intimidate us out of pushing this further, let me tell you that we’re going to keep going until we’ve got enough proof to put you away.”
 “I wish you boys would reconsider this.” He told us regretfully from the doorway. “I wish you would see that you are wrong.”
“Well, we won’t. So enjoy your last few days as leader.” I told him, “It’s been a long time coming.”
“I really wish you would reconsider this.” He said again, “But I also really don’t wish it.” He smiled just as Eli began to close the door, “Let the games begin, boys.”
***
Like Shadows, we crept through the backyards of our neighbors, keeping away from even the dimmest of lights, be they from the embers of dying bonfires, torches on back porches burning low as their owners went to sleep, or even the flicker of the match that one man was using to light a cigarette. Everywhere we went, his people could have been watching. Every person around us might have been one of his spies. We ducked under decks, dove through bushes, and even waded through the man-made bird pond in one woman’s garden, all just to avoid being seen by the light. Back at Eli’s house, we had kept the lights on until about midnight, and then we had gone through the house as though we were going about our bedtime routines: we clicked lights on in the bathrooms, ran the water, flushed the toilets, turned the lights off, clicked on the lights in the bedrooms, got changed and into bed right in front of the windows, and then turned off the lights. Don’s people were about as subtle as door-to-door Bible salesmen; we saw two skulking just at the end of the street, in someone’s bushes, and we saw another leaning against the side of the house across from Eli’s. I made a mental note to tell Eli that his adjacent neighbor was more than likely working for Don, though I had no proof; perhaps the family that lived there didn’t know that Don’s henchman were using their house as a home-base for their surveillance of Eli and me. We had to assume that there were others around the back of the house, so when we changed into our all-black clothes, we snuck out through a tiny window in the side of Eli’s house where the moon’s light didn’t hit until early morning. Trust me, for two pretty muscular dudes, it was quite a feat, squeezing through that window without making any noise.
When we made it to the morgue, we both piped up our hearing, listening for the sounds of footsteps or breathing either close by or far off. Our enhanced vision showed no signs of movement or any shadowed, human-shaped figures skulking in the dark. It was our last night to solve this, and we couldn’t get caught or killed now. Not when we were so close to proving that Don’s allegiances had changed, that he was no longer playing by his old rules. 
Once we were inside (and getting inside was as easy as squeezing through another tiny window, so not easy at all), we crept through the dark hallways that reeked of rotting bodies. Eli pulled his shirt up over his nose, and though I tried to tough it out, the smell became unbearable the closer we got to the storage rooms. They were kept cold but still, the smell of death pervaded every inch of that building. I worried about the mortician, who was exactly what you would expect of a mortician: pale, dark-eyed, deathly-looking. I worried about anyone who could tolerate that smell for so long. 
The bodies of the attackers (or whatever was left of them) would be either in a storage room or inside the crematorium. The crematorium was where those who had committed terrible crimes were burned so that they would not be given the honor of a burning or burial ceremony. Considering the fact that Don found very few things to be terrible crimes, the crematorium was rarely used. But he would not be able to talk these men up enough to get them a burial or burning ceremony, not when so many of our people had died, not when so many people had lost family members and friends. No one would suffer the sight of those murderers being honored that way. 
“It’s been slow around here,” Eli whispered as we walked in and out of the storage rooms to find them empty. 
“Well, all the burning and burial ceremonies were yesterday. God, I can still smell how they smelled.”
“I know. Like burnt popcorn.”
I punched him hard in the arm.
“Dude!” I whispered, “That is so insensitive!”
“What?!” He exclaimed, “You brought up the smell! I was just agreeing with you!”
“It’s still insensitive!”
“Well, gee, sorry! Sorry, dead people. Sorry, Quinn!”
“Fuck you, dude. Let’s go to the crematorium.”
We crept down the hallway, and there behind the door, I could see the light from the furnace glowing. They always kept the furnace burning because it was the only source of heat in the building, so when we pushed open the door, we found that the room was bathed in an eerie orange glow. The door to the furnace was closed, and the flame was on very low, and still, the room was alight. 
On three gurneys, there were dismembered parts of three separate bodies. Again, I worried about the mortician. I worried about anyone who could sort out the parts so easily. We walked over the gurneys and immediately started sifting through chunks, grimacing all the while, but knowing we had to be quick because we were running out of time.
“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Ew. Fuck.” Eli whispered, “I don’t see anything, man. I mean, I don’t even know what this is.”
I looked up, and I couldn’t stop the snort through my nose as I tried to stifle my hysterical laughter.
“Balls!” I gasped out, “You’re holding balls!”
The squeal he let out startled me because a) I had no idea that a guy’s voice could ever get that high, and b) I knew that if there was anyone in the building, they would have heard it. That we would get caught on account of a girlish squeal was kind of hilarious, and coupled with the squeal itself, was a guaranteed recipe for hysterical laughter.
“Keep looking,” I finally managed to say, even though now, he was standing away from the gurney, looking terribly scandalized.
“Wait, never mind.” I whispered, and all signs of my laughter disappeared when I held up a disembodied arm and turned it over. There, in the crook of the arm, close to the elbow, was the symbol we had come there to look for. The One God, inverted. All Unallied bore the symbol to show how they had renounced the two tribes, Adam’s and Tyre’s, so it was difficult to say which tribe these men had come from. There was one tribe that was particularly brutal: Their men and women were cannibalistic brutes, and the slaves that the men didn’t immediately impregnate were eaten like cattle. There were many tribes of Unallied, and I couldn’t imagine that Don would ever be able to negotiate with the Sawnies. That’s what we called them, because they had no name. No Unallied tribe had a name. 
“Do you think they’re Sawnies?” I asked.
“No. They won’t ever join up. They’re the worst of them all, and they won’t join up with us or them.”
“They’re the biggest tribe, though. You know if Don was going to commit treason, he would go big or go home.”
“So if Don promised them bodies to eat and women to fuck in exchange for an army…”
“But they would never let him be leader. He would have to know that. He would have to…”
We both jumped when the door to the furnace banged open. The squeaking of the gurney moving towards us, out of the flames, was almost deafening because we had become so used to the silence, and despite how we had grown used to the smell of burning and of death, when the body on the gurney was fully exposed, we fell back several steps, covering our noses and mouths. That was how we knew it was newly burnt. 
“How did that get out here?”
“I don’t know.”
“Someone had to have pushed the button. Someone is in here.”
“Then why are we whispering?” I raised my voice, “Alright, you caught us. Now come on out and take us to your leader, asshole.”
“Quinn.” Eli said.
“What?” I asked, “They already know we’re here. We might as well own it now, Eli.”
“Quinn.” I looked at him, and his eyes were wide, and worse than that, they were held fast to the body on the gurney. My stomach plummeted. I couldn’t look. I couldn’t look. I couldn’t bear to see what was making him look at the body like that, but I saw it already. It was glinting in the firelight, there in the corner of my eye, and once my mind acknowledged what I knew it had to be, I looked, and I fell to my knees.
There on the charred body’s finger was Alice’s wedding ring.

Violet
It would so happen that Lucy would return to consciousness while I was the one sitting up with her. After I had gotten two hours of sleep, Tristan and I had traded places; I sat by Lucy’s side, and he went into my room to sleep. Just before dawn, Lucy came back to us, and why wouldn’t she come back when it was me beside her, when I had absolutely no idea what to say to her?
She looked at me, and in her gaze, I could see that she knew I knew. I expected her to order me not to judge her and not to complain that I hadn’t been included in her dastardly plan, but it seemed that she didn’t know quite what to say to me, either. 
“Do you want some water?” I asked, and she nodded, not looking at me. I stood up, went into the kitchen, got her a cold glass of water, and brought it back to her. She drank it slowly, even though I could tell that she was severely dehydrated by the waxiness of her skin. I could tell she wanted to drink it quickly, but she knew better than to overload her stomach with water. That was Lucy. Always the top physician, even when her own body was desperate for nourishment.
“How long?” She asked, and her voice was very raspy and barely above a whisper.
“A day or so. The plague went through the jail. Tristan hasn’t said how many people died. You know Tristan. Your secret boyfriend.”
“Violet,” She said softly, “Don’t.”
“Your secret boyfriend of sixteen years, apparently. Christ, how did you pull that off? It’s not like I’m gone all the time.”
“It is none of your business.” She snipped at me with not even a fraction of her usual iciness, “While I am sorry that I do not clear decisions I make about my romantic life with you before I make them, I… Well, I am not sorry.”
“Well, maybe you should have cleared your decision to start a goddamn plague with me before you did it! Or was that none of my business, too?”
“No, ma’am. Not your business, either.”
“Bullshit, Lucy!” I snapped, and she shushed me, though she was still not looking at me. “Bullshit.” I said, a little quieter. “Why do you shut me out of your life like this? Why do you do everything without telling me?”
“Not now, Violet. I am tired and still in quite a bit of pain. I am no longer contagious which is why I am allowing you to sit here with me…”
“Well, that and so I can get you water and whatever else you need, right? Heaven forbid you let me sit here with you just for the pleasure of my company. Just to have someone to sit up with you.”
I turned to place my back against the couch and crossed my arms over my chest, knowing my anger was out of proportion and that it was so not what she needed right then, but still, I was so angry. Behind me, I heard a noise that sounded like a snort, and I whipped around, thinking that she was suffering from the ill effects of the plague, but as it turns out, she was laughing. Really laughing. She sounded like a forty-year smoker when she laughed, what with the raspy breaths and the coughs that followed, but still, she was laughing.
“What is wrong with you?!” I snapped at her irritably.
“Oh, Violet…” She whispered, as her laughter began to die down, “To this day, you still take everything so personally. You still get so angry.”
“Are you testing me?” I barked at her, “Is that why you’re so mean all the time? You’re trying to see if you can make me mad?”
“No.” She shook her head, “Of course not. You are still so theatrical. You still feel so deeply. It is beautiful, my dear. It is so refreshing.”
“Well, gee, I am glad that when you upset me like this, it makes you so happy. You are so mean!”
“I am, aren’t I?” She asked with a proud smile, “I mean, I would hardly say that I am mean all the time, but yes, I am mean. I am hard on you. But you need it. By the One God, do you need it.”
“I do not! I am a grown woman. I don’t need you to be mean to me to teach me lessons, Lucy!”
“Alright. You are fully grown. Of course you are.” She began to sit up, “Would the grown woman please help me sit up so that I may jumpstart the circulation of my blood by walking around the room?”
“Would you like me to carry you?” I asked sarcastically.
“No. I would like you to help me walk, though. Is the grown woman’s anger so strong that she cannot help her frail and sick guardian walk around the room?”
“You are so annoying.” I told her, but I wrapped her arm around my neck and lifted her into a sitting position. “Is the grown woman helping you walk to your liking?”
“Yes. The grown woman is quite skilled at functioning as a human cane.” She replied, as she took her first shuffling step. “Oh, by the One God…” She groaned softly, “How ironic that the creation would turn on the creator. I am suffering only what I deserve.”
“How did you even make that strain of the virus? You just sat down there in your little death cave making an apocalypse plague while we were all up here sleeping?”
“Yes.” She replied simply. 
“How?!”
“I am very good at what I do.”
“Why?”
“Well, because we are amongst terrible people, Violet. I had to thin the herds some way, didn’t I?” She asked, as though it should have been obvious, “What were my other options? Charge into one of their countless church meetings and shoot them through with holes using all the guns I have in my possession? Acquire some Light Bombs and take them out that way? I used the skills that I was given by the One God, and I began to change our sad circumstances for the better. You must admit that it was a good idea.”
“Well, yes, until it almost killed you.” 
“But it did not kill me, did it? I had you and Tristan upon whom I could rely to save me if I got myself into trouble. You do realize I set off the virus in the jail myself? I infected myself shortly before we went to City Hall, because I suspected that Paul would have me imprisoned. When Caspar’s henchmen came in to settle me into my cell, if you will, I knew that the slightest touch between us, and they would be infected. Tristan has had the antidote in his blood since this began, as have you. As have Macie, Akio, and Millie. I cover all the bases, as they say.”
“Did you just make a baseball reference? Have you ever even watched baseball?”
“Yes. Earthean baseball, not the sad imitation of the game that we have here.” She replied, “I was very partial to the team from Boston, in the province of New England, but I was even more partial to the team from the city called Baltimore in the province of Maryland.”
I chuckled, shocked not only that she liked baseball (because I could not picture her watching it or attending a game) but that she also happened to love the team that Quinn and Alice had loved. It made me think of them, and when I thought of them, I cried, every time. I wiped my eyes, and though she didn’t look at me, she quickly squeezed my side where her hand was rested.
“I am sorry. Quinn and Alice were from there, were they not? From the province of Maryland?”
“They were.” I replied.
“I am sorry.” She said again. 
“It’s okay.” I said, and I chuckled again, “I am just picturing you watching baseball.”
“We used to get Earthean television. Months after it had passed, of course. Only when our people from Earth returned. I had a sister there. Last I heard, she was caring for children who were showing signs of what your lot call ‘the evolution.’ But I presume she is dead now.”
It was strange to think of Lucy on Earth. It was strange to know that we had breathed the same toxic air before I had come to Pangaea. It was strange to know that all my life on Earth, when I had believed that there was only one inhabitable planet, there were people from another habitable planet walking among our people. 
“I would visit, and we both enjoyed baseball very much.” She continued, “You know how much I despise fun, but with her, I was less rigid.”
“I don’t believe you.” I replied teasingly, “I mean, I believe you when you say you despise fun. I’ve seen that with my own eyes. You would eat all fun and happy things if you could.”
“That is correct. I would eat birthday parties, hoedowns, proms, amusement parks, and Christmas if I could.”
I laughed at that so hard that in my room, I heard Tristan begin to stir.
“See? Do you see what fun does?” She asked me, “It awakens very tired men and women from their much-needed slumber. We should be ashamed of ourselves.”
Tristan came out of the room just as I turned Lucy to me and hugged her tightly. As she always did when I hugged her, she wrapped one arm around me and squeezed back, and then gently nestled her head against mine. 
“I’m glad you’re okay.” I told her softly, “Now hang out with your secret boyfriend and plot more terrifying government overthrows, you lunatic.”
She laughed and kissed my forehead.
“We will, and you get some sleep and pretend that you know nothing of this. I did not tell you, because when they inevitably find out that I have started this, they cannot implicate you in it.”
“I won’t let them find out.” I told her, “Okay? I promise.”
She smiled and kissed my forehead again.
“Alright. Now go get some rest. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.”
“Yes.” I touched her stomach gently, remembering the terrible carving he had put on her, and she startled. Tristan rushed to her in a blur and took her waist in his hands to keep her upright. “I’m sorry.”
I had touched the symbol on her stomach, not realizing how it would hurt her. It was not so much the physical pain as it was the sickening remembrance. 
“It’s alright.” She told me, but I could see her trembling, and I knew to leave her with Tristan then. As I changed into my pajamas and began to get into bed, I heard the shower turn on, and because I had forgotten my glass of water, I left the room. As I passed the bathroom door, I stopped, because through the crack, I could see them, and the sight broke my heart, truly. She was doubled over, both hands pressed over her stomach, only able to sob when her deep, painful sounding breaths slowed down enough for her to make a sound. The tears were pouring from her eyes, dropping onto the floor, and he was behind her, holding her tightly, keeping her upright, running his hand down the back of her hair, telling her he was so sorry, that he would heal her, that he would ensure that it did not leave a scar, that he loved her so much, that she was not what that symbol implied, she could never be that, they were animals, they were sick, they were evil, and she was perfect, and he loved her, he loved her, he loved her…
I could have cried. Every supposedly overly emotional part of me wanted to cry when I looked in and saw that. I had never seen her so devastated, so affected by the cruelty they inflicted upon her. We gave that symbol its devastating power, I knew. I wanted to cry when I saw how they had wielded the power of that symbol over her, but instead, I felt the fire rising up inside of me, and in that fire, I saw Caspar Elohimson, burning. As I poured water from the tap into a glass, I looked out the window, at the indigo light of dawn beginning to break over the world, and I knew that it was the last morning I would see before I became a cold-blooded killer. I had killed in combat, when I was fighting for my life, and really, that had only been once. I had never calculatedly scoped out my target, gone to see him, and taken his life. 
What scared me was not that I had to do it. What scared me was how much I wanted to do it. What scared me was how I knew, with all of my heart, how good it would feel. 
“Please get it off of me.” I heard Lucy beg Tristan through her sobs, “Please get it off of me. Please.”
I looked up, out the window, and there in the distance, I could see the flickering light of a candle burning in Paul’s window.
Alright, Paul, I thought, as thunder began to rumble overhead, You want him dead, and so do I. So he is dead.
The thunder cracked, sending a deafening boom of sound through our village that rattled the windows in their panes. Until it was done, the storm would hover, and it would only break over us once the knife was in his throat, and it would only end once his head was in my hands.
***
Lucy was going to stay home, so the care of our village’s populace fell onto me that day. Well, not really. The only time I was busy was when I was working directly beside Lucy. Otherwise, the male doctors took over, and I would sit in mine and Lucy’s office, listening to them snickering as they passed my door. Even after so many years, they made their stupid jokes and sneers. One walked by and told me to tell Lucy that by the time he was done with her, she’d wish she’d been “right” the whole time, and I wanted to snap back so many things, but I held my tongue. 
I tell you all of this so you can see what she put up with for all those years. Macie stayed at home with Millie, and that had been Lucy’s idea, because she had known that Macie would be unable to bear their torments for too long. She would not break down and cry. Instead, she would fight back. The only reason why Lucy and Macie were permitted to live was because Lucy was so good at what she did. To the Old Spirits, Macie had no bankable skill on which she could fall back, so if she caused any kind of an uproar, they would deem her easily disposable. Lucy protected her by bearing the torments of her peers in her scarily icy silence alone, and by continuing to be the legendary physician and surgeon that she had always been. 
A knock came on my door around noon, and my brows furrowed when I looked at it. No one knocked. If I had the door closed, and they wanted to taunt me, they would open the door and come right in to do so. 
“It is me, Violet.” His falsely cheery voice said, and I rolled my eyes, even though my heart immediately plummeted upon hearing him speak. 
The door opened, and Caspar was there, looking strange with the tan that he had acquired over his time in Estersea. I was so used to him being pale, with just a few flecks of red in his lips and around his ears, so pale that he looked like he had spent the past several days dead in the morgue and was slowly returning to life. Without asking, he sat down right in front of me, and pretended to look around the room curiously.
“Well… Where is your dear idem bitch-mother?”
“That is the dumbest insult.” I snapped at him, “Bitch-mother? What does that even mean?”
“Female dogs are called ‘bitches,’ Violet. Bitches are good for breeding, and that is all. Bitch-mother. It is just a step further than bitch. I know, it is silly, but it is effective. Where is my favorite girl in the world?” 
“At home.” I snapped, “Recovering from the outbreak in the jail. Recovering from everything you did to her.”
“Oh, probably crying over the damned Inversion I cut into her. People take that silly little symbol so seriously. I was just testing her, seeing if she would be as sickened by it as the rest of them have been. I know this makes me a dog, but I love seeing how people react to being branded with it. The funny thing is that I have never met anyone besides Unallied mongrels who don’t get so utterly inconsolable when they are branded with the Inversion. It is disappointing, because I really thought my Lucy was better than that. Did she recover from her illness?”
I didn’t like the way he said it. He was implying that he knew something, or maybe he wasn’t, but it sounded like he was. I was sure he suspected that Lucy had manufactured the plague, but I would say and do nothing to betray that it was true.
“She is doing well.” 
“Hmm… How interesting. Everyone else has perished. The jail runs through with a river of blood. The bodies are stacked high to the ceilings, one pile of guards, one pile of prisoners, separated by their choices, holy or unholy, even in death. And yet my Lucy lives. God,” He sighed, “I really should just make an honest woman of her; she never fails to surprise me, and that is something the rest of these little holy people never do. Even after all these years, Lucy surprises me. I hate to make you envious, Violet, but I do believe I am in love.”
“You’re not going to touch her!” I snapped at him.
“Oh, Violet, how many times have you said that?” He asked tauntingly, and I did not reply, not for a long time. We simply stared at each other, him smirking, me steaming with rage.
“Do you remember all those years ago in Shadow Village?” I asked him softly, even though I wanted to scream at him how sick he was, how much I hated him, and swear violence upon him if he put his hands on Lucy again. Instead, I was calm. I spoke quietly to him; I tried to appeal to the good man I had known all those years ago, when we were still kids.
“Of course I remember Shadow Village. I grew up in Shadow Village. What of it?”
“Do you remember how when we hurt Lucy that one time,” I was sickened to see him grinning at the memory.
“You mean the first time I got my fix, as your lot say? The first time I tasted the drug I never knew I wanted? You know, I swore going in, ‘No matter what I do to this woman, I will never violate her in the worst possible way. I will not rape her.’ And I have not. Not even today. But I also said, ‘Once I do this for Violet, once my quota is met, and I may live another day, I will leave this woman be.’ Yet here we are.”
“Was it because we were with your mom? Did Janna help you stop yourself from doing these terrible things?”
“Janna was a pathetic child raising potentially great children. Janna was nothing.”
“You loved her. I remember how you talked about her.”
“I said what I thought I felt, but I know that she was doomed from the beginning. Her allegiance was to my disgusting father, not to me. When he sent me away after the incident with you—which he did to please your sister, I am sure—she did not stop him. She heard what I had done, and she was sickened by me.”
“I doubt she was sickened by you. I saw you two together. She loved you. She was upset, I’m sure.”
“Why should she have been upset? She hated Luciana Miletus more than anyone else in any village, town, or city on this Orb, including the Old Spirit territories. She hated her so much, she tried to have her exiled. She tried to have my father send her away, but he would not. ‘This is where she has chosen to make her home, and I find it utterly comical that you are so threatened by having another powerful woman here. Perhaps you know that she is more powerful than you will ever be, truly.’ He said things like that to her so many times. He stoked that anger in her all the time. He said all the right things to make her anger and her resentment grow into hatred for Lucy, and why? Because he knew that he was right: having another powerful woman around made my mother absolutely mad. Knowing that this woman had more of her great husband’s respect and love infuriated her.”
“So you wanted to knock her down a few pegs. Lucy, I mean.”
“Exactly.” His eyes were red, his voice uncharacteristically full of rage. When I looked closely, I could see his hands trembling, and I was transfixed, because Caspar had not shown any emotion except smug pride and cold indifference to me or to anyone in so many years. It was strange to see the young Caspar come roaring back in all his “gallant” (because that is what he thought he was) passionate glory. 
“I would shatter that ego and melt that legendary icy demeanor,” He continued, “And my father would be proven wrong, and my mother would be happy. Of course, Violet.” Just like that, the passion and rage melted away, and he was right back to ice. “It is that simple. All I wanted was to make my mother proud.”
“That’s the only explanation for why you have fixated on Lucy the way you have.”
“Or is the explanation simply that I was always meant to be an Old Spirit? I have always wanted to subjugate powerful women. I have always wanted to destroy powerful men who are undeserving of their power, like my father. I have always wanted to be the woman-hating, woman-hurting, evil bastard of your sister’s nightmares. Of every woman’s nightmares. I have always wanted to be the Conquering King of every man’s dreams. That’s what we are, correct? To them? To my father’s people? We rape women and kill their men, and kill those women, if we have to. We hurt them until they are befitting of the ways of the true One God. Until they are quiet and meek and accept their husband’s guidance, their husbands who are worthy, by the One God’s rules, of the power they wield. See, Brynna always thought it was just women, but have you seen what we do to men, as well?”
“I have. Turns out your awfulness defies sex.”
“But it is all for good, Violet. Just ask Tyre. By the One God, he has deluded himself to think that he has done everything for good.  He believes his own shows of compassion for you terrible offenders. He believes that it is from a place of love for the weak and concern for the damned that he imprisons you and allows himself and his men to torment you.”
“He buys what he sells. I know that.” I told him, but he furrowed his brows at me, looking both quizzical and impressed.
“I have never heard that one before. It is quite good.”
“You don’t buy what he sells, though. You hurt people just to hurt people.”
“I hurt people because it is in my nature to do so, Violet. How many times must I explain this to you? Your kind don’t have a hamartia, nor do those empty-headed Herculians. You lot are raw, stupid emotion, and they are raw, stupid strength. But the Athenes and the Dionysians are more than we appear. Your sister’s ilk know all, for they see all, they control all, but their powers falter. They can be blinded by what they want to see. They tamper with Fate and Circumstance and What Should Be versus What Will Be, even when tampering with such things could spell the end of both our kinds. Dionysians can only make dark deals, we cannot help others. We are doomed by birth to be terrible men and terrible women, and we learn when we are small from those who know of our curse that we will grow up to be terrible, and even if we swear we won’t, even if our mothers clutch us to their breasts at night and swear that we will never make deals for the worse, when Death comes knocking, when our skin turns pale white, and our eyes begin to dull, and the dreadful illnesses begin to set in, we fight. We begin to make deals, for we are partners with him, with Death. From the time we are born to the time he takes us, we are Death’s partners. We deliver more souls unto him than any brutish soldier or ruthless interrogator. Over our eternal lifetimes, we spill more blood than that which is spilled in war. It is not always those men or women in our debt whose blood is spilled; it is the usurpers they have asked us for help in conquering, the lover who has won the prize between their beloved spouse’s legs, the swine who stole from them in a game of cards… Sometimes, the debtor must be killed, if he does not pay his debts. But sometimes, his enemy is killed, and then his enemy’s kin kill the debtor, and Death is given multiple men for the price of one. I am that skilled at this. I know how to create a ripple effect. How to round up many souls to be taken when other Dionysians can scarcely round up one. It is all a game, Violet. Everyone plays, everyone loses, everyone is returned to Death’s cold embrace. Bargain, lose, die, and that is all. Lucy made a bargain with me, and I was more than happy to take the deal. ‘If you help me end them, I will be yours.’ So really, when I torment her while she is chained to the wall inside the prison, I am just accepting my payment. If she breaks the oath, she dies. That is how the game is played.”
“How did she want to end them?”
“Oh, do not ‘play dumb,’ as your kind say! The Red Plague. ‘Red Fever’ as your kind called it on Earth. ‘Red Dead,’ as it was called informally. The Blood Plague. She could have concocted something so much tamer. For instance, if you play around with the chemical components of Black Beauty, you can make an airborne plague that is totally invisible and yet totally lethal. We used it in one of Tyre’s towns in the east, back when I was fighting in my father’s army. The whole town was dead within a day and a half. She could have done that, but she wanted to play the slow game. She wanted them to suffer, and the Red Plague is slow, and by the One God, does it make its victims suffer. It incubates and infects over just a few hours, and then those hours bottom out into the gloriously grisly conclusion. You saw the churches after I told her to hit there?”
“You told her to hit the churches?”
“Why, yes.” He replied, “I told her where to hit every time. See, because I have a stake in this, as well. I want to rule this city. I should rule this city. After all I have done for Tyre, after all of the secrets about my father and mother that I told him, after I delivered him Shadow Village, and his oldest enemy along with it, after I delivered him the last Athene, why should I not have a city of my own? Why should I not be his right-hand? Paul has done nothing. The plan to trick your sister was his, and yes, he was able to trick her into leading him back to the village. But it was I who told them of your stupid James’s plan to hide in the bunker. It was I who made sure Tyre knew that my father and your sister were on the outs, as they say, and it was I who put Shadow Village right into his hands, and led to this world-rule he so enjoys. Paul has made a deal with you. I know he has, but the other part of this game we all play—arguably the most fun part—is that a deal may be canceled if one receives a better deal.” 
“And you are going to offer me a better deal? Then I have choose between the two of you?”
“Yes.”
“So what is your offer?”
“I offer you freedom.”
“He already offered me that.”
“You did not let me finish. I offer you freedom, and your family.”
“Every member of my family is here. Lucy, Macie, and Millie are my family. Everyone else died a long time ago.”
“Did they? Or is that just what they told you?” 
“I don’t believe you. Paul played this game with Brynna about my mother, and she was never here.”
“Oh, she was, Violet. She is. I saw her just a few days ago, in fact, when Tyre and I met in Estersea. She has looked better, I will tell you. I mean, anyone would look better when they are not chained up like a dog, but she is alive. She knew that I knew you, too. When Tyre left the room, she crawled up to me, took my hands, and said she wanted to make a deal with me. She knew I was Dionysian, and she wanted to make a deal. It is rare that I am asked, generally I have to seek out those who are desperate enough to bargain, but she is far beyond desperate, so she asked me.”
“And what did she want?”
“For me to let you out. For me to find a way to help you escape so that you could find John—that is the man she was seeing behind your father’s back on Earth—and together, you two could find Brynna. See, her whole idea is not for all of you to rescue her, it is to put you all back where you belong, which in her mind, is together with her paramour. She knows that if she is not with Tyre, he will tear this world apart to find her, and she will not endanger all of you that way. ‘He’ll never let me go,’ She said, ‘He’ll never stop hunting me, so I have to stay. But I’ll do anything you want if you help them find their ways to each other.’ She begged me. She laid her head in my lap and cried, begging me to help.”
“So what did she have to give you in exchange for you helping me leave here?”
He looked at me, and smiled almost sadly.
“Nothing, Violet. I do so love desperation; it is what I feed upon. It is how I survive. But by the One God, I could not barter with her. She is not broken. No, I saw so much strength still left inside her, even after the horrors she has suffered. But I would not add to her suffering. I could not. For just one moment, my heart spoke for me, and I told her that I would help you. But I cannot work for nothing. If I did, I would die. So instead of bartering with her, I will barter with you. How does that sound? Would you like to barter on your dear mother’s behalf, Violet?”
They had pulled this same trick on Brynna. I knew that. But his heart was screaming truth, and my heart was screaming for her, because though she said she did not want us to find her, I knew that with my freedom, I would spend the rest of my eternal life hunting Tyre down so I could get my mom back. First, I would find Brynna, who was alive (and God, I wanted to sob, knowing she and the rest of them were alive, but I could not quite process it yet), and then, we would find this mysterious “John,” and then, we would find my mom. If Caspar was lying, he was damn good at hiding it, because his heart told no lies, at least to my perception.
“Yes,” I answered instantly, “Yes, Caspar, I will.”
“Alright. I will make it simple: You kill Paul, I let you, Lucy, Millie, and Macie leave here. Not only that, but I will finish off the rest of our shared enemies in this city with Lucy’s clever plague, and that will be that.”
“How is that deal going to keep you alive? The last time we made a deal, you tried to force me into having sex with you.”
“Something I regret entirely, by the way. I do not know if I have mentioned that.”
“You have not mentioned it, but it doesn’t change anything now that you have. I still think you’re despicable. But that’s irrelevant right now. How is this deal going to keep you alive? I’m helping you, so you’re helping me.”
“You’re helping me by killing a man, Violet. Death will still be getting his man, but as surely as you and I are sitting here, that man will not be me. So are we on, then?”
“Yes.” I said, “We are on.”
“Good. Let us shake on it.”
I reached out and shook his hand, cringing internally at the feel of his cold skin against my skin. When I went to pull my hand away in a shameless recoil, he gripped it gently to keep me from doing so. When I looked up at him in surprise, his eyes were downcast to the floor. After a moment, they rose, and no longer were they that dark green, almost black shade. Instead, I was looking into the bright, dazzling green by which I had been so transfixed all those years ago. 
“You know that I have always cared for you, Violet.” He said quietly, almost shamefully. “In my own way, I have always cared. You have been petulant these last few years. Sometimes you make me so angry, so I take my anger with you out on your precious Lucy. The ones we love do so often pay the price for the harm we cause.”
I was silent, because even though I knew he was just trying to get into my heart and make me feel guilty, I could not fight the sick feeling of shame that welled up inside of me. I felt like if I had not shunned Caspar after he had killed Nick, if I had allowed him to think I still cared for him, he would have left Lucy alone.
“They are all alive?” I asked, just before he let go of my hand, “My mom, my sisters, my brother, James, Quinn, Alice, Adam, your mom… They are all out there?”
“Yes,” He replied, and he actually smiled genuinely, though the smile was slight, “And if you do this for me, I will let you leave here so that you may find them and be with them again. And then I will leave you alone, Violet. I will have the only thing that I want more in this world than you: I will have this city, and soon after that, I will have the world. But by the One God… I do so wish you would rule it with me.”
“I won’t.”
“I know that.” He nodded and turned away, but before he left, he turned back to me again, “I was not putting on an act when you met me. That boy was who I was.”
“I know.” I told him, “You still had your darkness, but you were not like you are now.”
“I am glad you know that. It is my sincerest hope, Violet, that you know how relieved I am that I showed my true colors to you then, even if I did not know that they were my true colors. It is a relief to me that you did not love me, and because you did not love me, I could not corrupt you. I could not make you as I am now. I could not make you want to rule with me. I am glad for that.”
“Believe me, Caspar, so am I.”
“Alright.” He smiled, paused for a moment to look at me, and I knew that he had been expecting a different response. He had been expecting some warmth from me, and a part of me wanted to give it to him. But I simply could not.
So he turned and walked away, and when he spoke to me over his shoulder, his voice was carrying its typical lilt of arrogance and bored apathy.
“Make haste with this, Violet. Your storm overhead is not the only one that is brewing.”
***
When I returned home, I found Lucy out in front of the house, slumped over in a lawn chair, instructing Akio and Macie on how to straighten the window panes that they were hammering back into the house.
“Like that?” Macie asked.
“No.” She and Millie replied. Millie was sitting in her lap, lying back against her, but when she saw me coming up the path, she squealed happily and ran to me. 
“Hi, baby!” I greeted her, “Hello, family.”
“Hello, beautiful woman.” Akio replied, “How about now, Lucy?”
“No.” She replied. In the light that was able to break through the thick storm clouds overhead, she was even paler than she had looked in the candlelight the night before. She was lounging back, her long, dark red hair pulled to the side and hanging over her shoulder, and her eyes hidden behind thick, black sunglasses.
“Whoa, check out the superstar.” I said. “Is this impending storm not making it dark enough for you?”
“No.” She answered simply.
“Yes, I have been calling her ‘Marilyn’ all morning.” Macie told me as she laughed, “Are you enjoying the clouds, Marilyn?”
“I wish I had more energy so I could come up with a witty retort. I will have to take a rain check, as they say. No pun intended.”
Macie hopped down off of the ladder and zoomed over to her. As Millie and I pulled very over-exaggerated grimaces of fake disgust, Macie leaned in and kissed Lucy softly. Because she knew we were watching, Lucy fought her smile, but she did angle her head up so she could kiss Macie back, and it was not a short kiss, either. She held her lips there for a long time, and then reached up and brushed Macie’s hair away from her face.
“Alright, the PDA is going to make the rest of us throw up!” I told them as I opened the door to go inside and nearly pulled it clean off the hinges. 
“What is PDA again?” Macie asked, “You have told me this before, I know.”
“Public displays of affection.”
“Oh, how often does Dr. Luciana Miletus display any affection, public or otherwise, for her long-suffering wife?” Macie asked, “You must suffer it right this moment, because as the One God knows, it will be years before she kisses me again.”
“You stop that!” Lucy snapped at her jokingly, “I love you from one thousand times around the entire circumference of this Orb, Macina Miletus.”
“I know it.” Macie replied, kissing her again, “I am merely teasing you, as I always do. Every day, I know you love me.”
“Awww!” I beamed brightly from ear to ear and grasped my heart, because the two of them were so lovely sometimes that I could barely stand it. I looked at Akio. “Why don’t you ever talk to me like that?!”
“I talk to you like that every time I see you, woman!”
“Well, clearly not enough that it has made an impression, man!”
Once I was inside, hidden away from them, the anxiety that I had been feeling through my entire walk home reared its head again. I closed my bedroom door carefully so as not to make a sound; the slightest push, and it would slam into the door frame and rattle the whole house, and they would know that I was stressed. Macie and Lucy were ace Heart-Readers, and if I showed the slightest sign of being perturbed, they would root into my heart simply out of reflex, and then they would see the threats that had been made and the deals I had struck to counteract those threats.
Shortly before dinner, there was a gentle knocking at my door, and I assumed that it was Akio, but was surprised to find Macie there instead.
“Lucy and Millie are in charge of the cooking tonight. May the One God help us.”
“May he, indeed.” I replied with a laugh, because the last time Lucy had cooked, Akio and I had been forced to go into town in the freezing cold for carry-out from the wharf. 
“I, um…” Millie sat down beside me on the bed, “I just wanted to talk. You seem tense, sweetheart. I know that there is much going on. By the One God, I can barely look at her without crying. I cannot stop myself from feeling what she feels, and I know that you cannot, either.”
“No, actually. I can’t feel what she feels. She keeps me out.”
“Yes. She is very good at that, isn’t she?”
“She’s the best at it. I just… I pity her, and she knows it, and she resents me for it. I know she does.”
“She does not. You know that Lucy will not suffer anyone’s pity. She loathes showing weakness, even to us. She feels she must be unbreakable for our sakes all the time. She is the woman of the house, so she must be strong. She has not told me what he did. Has she told you?”
“No.” I shook my head, “And I don’t want to know. She wouldn’t want me to know.”
“No.” Macie agreed, “She would not. Violet…” She grasped my hand, “There is something so heavy perched upon your heart. It is making you ill. It is making your heart cry out for our help. For my help or Lucy’s help. You don’t know what to do.”
“No, that’s just in general.” I lied quickly, even though I knew it was useless now. I knew I would spill everything now that she was asking me so directly. I had wanted to confide in her or Lucy, but she would be so afraid once she learned that they were threatening to take Millie, and Lucy would be furious when she learned that I had bartered on her behalf. 
“So, that is what it is. I had so suspected…” She cleared her throat nervously, and I kicked myself. Why had I thought it, and why had my heart felt its typical fear of those thoughts? “Of course they would threaten to take Millie and put her in that ungodly place. Of course they would. I am shocked that they have not done it sooner.”
“Macie,” I grasped both of her hands and spoke imploringly, “Trust me, I have it under control. All I have to do is kill Paul. Once he’s dead, Caspar is going to get us out of here. You, me, Lucy, Millie, Akio… We are going to leave. They will never take Millie. I won’t let them.”
“You made a deal with him?” She whispered in a shaking voice, “Violet…” Her hand reached out and grasped my face. “Violet… Sweetheart…”
“I know. I know.” I said, as the tears rushed into my eyes, “But I had to, Macie. First, I made a deal with Paul, and then I made a deal with Caspar. Maybe…” I chuckled, though I didn’t actually intend to do it, “Maybe I’ll kill them both.”
“God, do they know what Lucy has done?”
“Not Paul, but Caspar knows.”
“By the One God…” She sighed and took her hands from mine so she could run them through her hair, “By the One God…”
“No, he says he is going to use her plague to kill the rest of the Nobles in the city. He is glad that she did it. He is not going to tell anyone.”
“I wonder who else knows.”
“Tristan, her secret boyfriend.”
“Our secret boyfriend.”
“I’m still mad about that.”
“I do apologize.” She replied absentmindedly.
“I’ll accept later. Savannah knows, too.”
“And Savannah is married to Paul. If Paul knows, then we are done for.”
“You know Savannah would never tell. Paul won’t know I’m coming for him. He’ll think that our deal is still on and that soon, I’ll kill Caspar.”
“Outside of Caspar, only Tristan and Savannah know that Lucy started this plague, and you and me. We are the only ones. If one of us falls, the rest of us fall. You know that, don’t you?”
“I do.” I reached out and grasped her hand, “So I guess we had better not fall, huh?”
She smiled, and laughed somewhat hysterically. Tears welled in her eyes and began to fall as she squeezed my hand.
“We had better not fall.” She repeated, “We had better not fall.”
***
The second I heard the banging on the door, my mind immediately began to suspect each of us. Yes, I even suspected myself. Perhaps I had slipped. Perhaps Caspar had been sent to test me. I hadn’t denied Lucy’s involvement, after all, and I couldn’t remember if I had confirmed it even by simply not denying it. I could barely remember mine and Caspar’s conversation, at least not in that moment. Had I betrayed the woman who had cared for me as her own for all of those years? And if I hadn’t, who had? I knew nothing about Tristan. I knew nothing of whether he was good or honest or even decent. I did not know how deeply his loyalty ran. But I had known Savannah for twenty years, and I knew that she would never betray us. She loved me. She loved Lucy, and she loved Macie. She was our link to Paul. She told us all he said and did. If she had known that he was on the trail of finding out Lucy’s secret, she would have warned us by whatever means necessary, even if it meant betraying to him that she was ours, not his. So it was either Tristan or Caspar. One of the men who had infiltrated our lives had betrayed us to the big man of our city, who very well might have betrayed us to the bigger man—arguably the biggest man—on the Orb. If Tyre knew what Lucy had done, she would not just be killed. She would be made an example of. I had seen that happen once or twice. I had prayed then, as I held Macie’s hand in both of mine, that I would never see it happen again.
The door to my room was thrown open so roughly that it thrust the doorstop into the wall as easily as a hammer pushes in a nail. Macie was there with Millie in her arms. Millie, wrapped in the throw blanket from her bed. Millie, eyes wide awake, cowering into her mother’s shoulder. I remembered all those years ago, that last night in Shadow Village. The way that Penny had clung to James, how she had been wrapped in her coat and his coat, how she had hidden her face in his neck, how I had dropped her, how I had lost her… 
“You two have to go. Up. Up with you!” Macie demanded as she pulled the blankets off of me. Millie was attached to her skin the way that Penny had used to attach to Brynna. It only happened when danger was near, when the physical attachment would keep the child nestled against his or her greatest protector. When Macie bustled around my room, throwing clothes into a large duffel bag I hadn’t seen her carrying, she did so without having to hold Millie. I slid on my shoes and threw on my coat, and then crawled out of my window.
“Macie…” I said, just as she pulled Millie off of her and pushed her gently through the window into my arms. I remembered how I had lost Penny. The last time I had been given the responsibility of a child’s life when we faced mortal peril, I had failed. I had failed my sister. I could not fail Millie.
“You won’t.” Macie said, as though reading my mind, “You won’t, my darling Violet.” 
The tears welled in her eyes once again, and she could not stop them. Not for my sake, not for hers, not even for Millie’s.
“This is it.” She told us, “This is going to be it. But it’s alright as long as you two get away.” She reached through the open window and grasped my cheek. “My girls. We lost Illa. We lost Millen. I won’t lose you two, as well. Now, go. Run. Get into the woods. Find your way. I know you can. Take care of her.” 
“Macie, come with us.”
“No.” She shook her head, “I won’t leave Lucy to face this on her own. Go. Go.” 
“Macie…”
“Go!”
I jumped and landed on my feet, despite the height. I ran, despite the shakiness of my body, despite how Millie was crying, screaming, and reaching back. “Mommy!” She screamed, “Mummy!” I remembered Penny’s voice, “Daddy! Daddy!” I remembered how she had become unresponsive. How being separated from her mother and father had broken her heart to the point that she barely wanted to live. I prayed Millie would not succumb to the same sadness, but I knew that she would. There was nothing I could do but save her from the men and women in that village who would see her harmed, who would see her shut away in that hellish school, brainwashed into becoming one of them. I could save her from them, but I could not save her life. Not completely. 
“There they go!” I heard men yelling. Dogs were barking behind me, the monstrous black dogs they kept in the prison yard that were as big as small cars. 
“Get them!”
They were after us, and with my enhanced hearing, I could hear Macie screaming Lucy’s name, sobbing and screaming, but I would not allow myself to imagine what was happening at the house. I would not picture them. I would not think of them. I would just run. The way I always ran. I would be spared, mostly. The way I was always mostly spared. I would just run away. Run away from the danger, from the pain, from the punishment, from being so bad that they deemed me dangerous. My sister had been tortured for days and imprisoned for decades for all she had believed, and all she had fought for, and all she had done, and I had run away. James had been tortured by her side, after he had saved my life, after he had helped me run away. 
I always ran.
I hate that I can say this, but it was a relief when they caught us. When I felt the jaws of one of those beastly dogs lock onto my ankle, when I felt twenty or so teeth piercing my skin like the spikes of a bear trap, I felt relieved. I tripped, and tumbled, and Millie flew from my arms. The fall occurred in slow motion, and in the dark, as she flew through the air, she was Penny, and then she was Millie, and then she was Penny, and then she was Millie again. 
My head had slammed into the hard ground, so when they dragged me to my feet and began to cart me back towards town, I was so disoriented that I briefly forgot where I was, and how long it had been since I had last run away. Millie’s screams were all that were keeping me in the present. They were dragging her away. In the city square. They were dragging her away, to that soot-covered building, to that hellish school. They were dragging her up the steps, she was screaming, and crying, and I was screaming, and crying, and vomiting, and wailing out her name, watching as she was dragged through the doors, screaming as the doors slammed shut. Her terror infected my heart; I felt every tiny iota of it, and there is nothing—nothing—like the terror of a child. Nothing hurts worse than the terror of a child. 
Macie was behind me, wailing, her head turned to the Joined Hands Academy, her voice crying out Millie’s name. Macie’s heart bombarded my heart, and I wondered if she was projecting her sadness and fury and desperation and terror onto me as punishment for me not getting away, but then I realized that she was simply lost to us. Her daughter would be lost to her soon, and she was already lost to us.
“Quiet! Quiet!” Paul’s voice called, and somehow, silence fell over the utterly ravenous crowd. They wanted to see Macie and Lucy shamed and killed. They had suffered for too long knowing that they were up there on the hill, together, when it was so unnatural. Now, they would finally see them punished, not only for their “sickness,” but because of what Lucy had unleashed upon the city.
I would not look up. I would not look up. I would not see what they had done to Lucy or to Macie. What they would do.
“Luciana Miletus,” Paul said, in that sickeningly playful tone. It was all sport to him. It was fun and games, as well as God’s retribution. I don’t know why I was surprised. When he said her name, the crowd began to shout.
“Idem!”
“Whore!”
“Lash her!”
“Kill her!”
A deafening cacophony of violence. Of judgment. I was sick. I was so sick. I was covered in my own vomit, in my own tears. I would not look. I would not watch Paul try her, because I already knew the outcome. She would be guilty. She would be killed, but how, I did not know. Macie might live. I might live. But I prayed that we would not. I would not want to live with Lucy dead, and with Millie lost to us, walking behind the women who ran that school, smiling that terrible smile, dead to the world, one of them. 
“Luciana Miletus, you are accused of using your invaluable and unrivaled medical expertise to create the strain of Red Fever that has killed a quarter of our city’s population .You are accused of harnessing this strain and unleashing it on Noblemen and Noblewomen and their families. Do you plead guilt, or do you plead innocence?”
She was silent. I looked. Her hands were tied together over her head. Her back was exposed, but otherwise, her clothes were not in tatters. She was bleeding. She was bruised. But she was alright. Maybe it would only be lashings. Maybe they would let her go.
I knew that wasn’t going to happen. I knew it, the way Brynna knew things.
“I will not play this game with you, Paul Valz.” She said, in that quiet, defiant way that was more resounding than a shout could ever be. 
“This is no game, Dr. Miletus, I assure you. This is for your life. Now, if you would like the good, pure, and perfect justice that gives this city its name…”
I began to laugh. It began as a quiet giggle, but after a moment, it erupted into a full-blown fit of derisive cackling. 
“Oh, you already know you’re going to find her guilty.” I managed to say through my laughter, “You’re going to give her lashings right here in front of these fucking animals…” I turned and spat the word at the crowd, praying that it was tinged with that deep, profound, utterly unwavering hatred that I felt, “…who want to see her hurt. Then maybe you’ll kill her, maybe you won’t. Maybe you’ll give her to Caspar, maybe you’ll send her home. But there is no justice here, and there never has been. As long as you people have had control of this city, there has never been justice here. So cut out the theatrics, Paul. Stop fucking smiling and acting like there is anything more to this than what there is.”
“Thank you, Ms. Olivier. You will have your turn in a moment.” He looked back at Lucy, “Dr. Miletus? What do you plead?”
“Don’t answer him, Lucy.” I told her.
“Guilty.” She answered, and what began as a second of irritation inside of me quickly bloomed into a full blown rage. It was as though she had spoken just to spite me. 
“Was Ms. Olivier your accomplice? What about your ‘wife?’ Did Macina help you, as well?”
“No. I worked alone.”
“Thank you.” He told her, and he sounded genuinely thankful, “Thank you for telling the truth, Dr. Miletus. Thank you for confessing to this so easily, rather. I still do not believe that you are telling me the whole truth. I simply do not believe that you came up with this all by yourself. Did you create this strain of the virus? Did you plan the route of infection of your virus? Did you spread the virus? Were you the Little Red Hen, Dr. Miletus?”
“The little red what?” Lucy asked, and even though I was furious with her for confessing, I wanted to laugh at how disdainfully she questioned him. Well, I wanted to laugh until one of the people in the crowd threw a rock that hit her hard in the shoulder. She barely grimaced, but Paul shouted for the man who had thrown it to be taken away. 
 “Terrible allusion.” I snapped at Paul, “About the Little Red Hen. It was a terrible allusion. Loser.”
I was shocked at my own boldness, and Lucy appeared to be shocked, as well. She actually laughed. Not hard, but we chuckled together in mockery at Paul’s attempt to be intimidating.
“All on your own?” Paul asked, ignoring us, “I don’t believe you. Do you believe her?” He asked the crowd civilly. They did not reply civilly, however. The volume went from zero to one hundred in the city square. The blast of sound made me want to cover my ears, but the men holding me were holding my hands behind my back. Screams of “Idem!” “Whore!” and “Kill her!” sounded again, and in the corner of my eye, I watched as Paul approached a man wearing a black hood over his face. He was the executioner and the punisher, and I wondered if Paul was going to execute Lucy without punishing her, or punish her and then execute her. Lucy, on the other hand, appeared unfazed by what they were about to do. Her eyes were on the crowd, taking them in, drinking in their hatred of her. She watched, smiling very slightly, knowingly, and I tried to remain on her level of calmness and flippantness and apathy, but when I saw Paul approaching her from behind with a particularly brutal-looking, long, thick, black whip, I felt the panic spike.
“Lucy…” I said in a shaking voice, “He’s coming. He’s going to…”
“I know.” She told me coldly, “I know what he is going to do.”
The crack of the whip through the air left my ears ringing. I struggled against the grip the men had on my hands, because I so desperately wanted to cover my ears before he hit her again. The roars of the crowd could not drown out that definitive crack, and I worried that they would not drown out the sounds of Lucy’s cries. Except when I looked at her, she was not crying. She was biting her lip, and she was shaking very slightly, but there were no tears streaming down her face. She showed no signs of getting ready to scream. I watched her, and behind her, blurred, I saw Paul gearing up for another hit. When that blow landed, she still did not cry out. She would not give them what they wanted. She would not give that bloodthirsty, sadistic crowd the satisfaction of seeing her scream or cry. They would more than likely embrace her lovingly if she repented. If she said she would no longer love Macie, and that she was sorry for what she had done, they would accept her. They would love her. She could have appealed to them emotionally, saying that for twenty-three years, she had cared for them when they were ill, delivered their children, eased their passage into the next world when they were meant to die, and she had done all of that while bearing their hatred and their judgment. She could have appealed to them, or she could have repented.
Yes. And ocean waves could have stopped churning. The sun could have stopped being bright. The sky could have become the ground, and the ground could have become the sky.
Her punishment continued. Every time I thought Paul was tired, he hit her several more times. The crowd never tired of shouting. Macie never stopped screaming in the direction of the Joined Hands Academy, and my eyes never tore from Lucy’s face. After countless hits, she began to lose consciousness merely from exhaustion, and possibly from blood loss; it had not taken long before her already wounded back was torn open and began to rain blood droplets down onto the stage. 
“Wake her up, Pierre.” Paul told the executioner. 
“Can’t do it yourself?” Lucy asked him, and though she was weak, she said it with such venomous taunting that I knew he would be unable to stop himself. “You can lay a whip on me but not your hands? God, what a bloody joke you are, Paul Valz. A bloody coward, and a bloody joke.”
Her head fell forward, and she stopped talking, but she had made her point. It was not the executioner’s gloved hands that backhanded her across the face until blood began to dribble from the corner of her mouth. It was Paul’s bare hands that became bruised and bloodied the more he hit her. 
I knew what she was trying to do, but I wondered if she was so exhausted and still so loopy from almost dying that she had forgotten that the antidote was in her blood. She had wanted to take Paul out with her virus, but she could never quite get close enough. He was so intelligent, and he was always one step ahead of her. I knew that she was trying to transmit the virus from her blood to his blood, but if the antidote was in her system, then…
But then I saw it. The red of her eyes. The reddish tint to her normally ghostly white skin. And I knew what she had done. 
“Tristan…” Lucy gasped out, “Now!”
It happened so quickly that I could barely process it. Not only did Tristan rush forward from the line of Noblemen standing on stage, but Akio came charging through the crowd. Before Paul could even process the sudden presence of one of his trusted Nobleman by his side, Tristan had pressed the blade with all his might to Paul’s throat and slashed. Fangs out, with a roar that rose over the lustful bellowing of the crowd, Tristan cut open Paul’s jugular, and with another forceful slash, he severed his head completely from his body. 
He must have done it perfectly. He must have severed Paul’s carotid artery with the skill of a master swordsman, because the spray of blood was violent, spraying outwards forcefully. Like he was aiming a water cannon, Tristan pushed Paul’s body down so his blood shot out over the crowd, saturating them, and I began to laugh. Hysterically. So hysterically that I barely noticed Akio coming up behind me and slashing the throat of the man who was still holding me, because there was only one man holding me now; the rest had run off in fear. With that man’s body, Akio saturated the other Noblemen on stage, and I laughed harder. God, what a truly grotesque and disgusting plan. What a truly ingenious idea. 
“Violet! Get Lucy and Macie and go!” Tristan ordered, but I was too busy laughing to even hear him completely. The crowds were tripping over themselves, trying to get away from the spray of their leader’s blood, trying to avoid coming down with what would become known as the Miletus Strain. It was the most violent strain of them all, just like she was the most violent woman of them all. It fit, that the most vicious and merciless and brutal virus ever to be seen on Pangaea would bear her name, that something with such awesome and terrifying power would become synonymous with her. When I walked over to her, she was coughing violently, in the throes of the final stage already. 
“You are the worst.” I told her as I began to untie her hands. She collapsed, coughing until blood spattered out of her mouth onto the stage floor, “Where’s the antidote? Shit, Lucy, you don’t have much longer.”
“No antidote.” She gasped out, “Used it all. On me. You. Them. Keep you all safe.”
My laughter died abruptly. I truly did not know how I had ever felt so light a moment earlier, now that every part of me felt so heavy. 
“Lucy…”
“It’s alright.” She whispered to me, “I got what I wanted.” Very weakly, she gestured with her head to the crowd, “I finally had my vengeance on them. The ones who took Millen from me. And Illa. Who imprisoned us here. Spat on us here. I have finally had my vengeance.”
In my arms, she was so warm that I began to sweat despite the almost subzero temperatures of the western Pangaean winter. Or perhaps it was my fear making me sweat. Perhaps it was that sudden, unthinkable fear that soon she would be gone. That there was nothing I could do. Perhaps it was because I loved her, and I had never said it, and she loved me, and I knew that, even if she had never said it, either. Even if I had doubted it. 
“It’s alright,” She whispered, “I planned for this. I knew this would be how it ended, Violet.”
“No.” I told her firmly, “No, Lucy. You are not going anywhere. Stay with me. Stay with me.”
“After all I have done, will you allow me to make a final request of you? After I have hurt you all these years…”
“You didn’t!” I managed to whisper, as the tears began to fall, “You didn’t hurt me, Lucy.”
“I know that I did. I am… I am sorry, Violet. I am sorry for being so cold to you. I am sorry that I must ask this of you now…”
“I’m not going to let you die, Lucy.” I sobbed, “Please. Please. Don’t go. Please. Stay with me.”
“You have to get Millie. You have to take her and Macie far away. Into the woods. Where they won’t find you. Please, Violet.”
“Lucy…”
“It’s alright,” She told me again, “Everything is going to be alright, Violet.”
“No.” I cried, pressing my forehead to hers as she coughed until she bled again.
“Millie.” She told me, “Macie. My girls. Please. Everything will be alright if the three of you live. Alright? Everything will be alright if you all live. Please, Violet.”
“I can find something, there has to be something to stop this, there has to be something…”
“Violet!” She managed to bark at me, “It is time to be strong now. It is time to fight. It is time for you to stop running, stop hiding, stop letting me be your protector. They are yours now. Go. Go now. Get Millie. Take Macie. Run.”
I was crying so hard that I could not breathe. I could not lose her. I couldn’t. 
“GO, Violet!” She shouted. 
It welled up inside of me. It was all hers, I knew. It was Brynna’s, too, though. It was that defiance for which they were infamous, that had gotten them into so much trouble. It was that need to disobey direct orders. To act flippantly. 
“Akio!” I shouted, and Akio came running over to me, his eyes white, his fangs out. “Take her and Macie into the woods.”
“What? Violet, Tristan told me that she said…”
“I don’t care what this stubborn fucking mule of a woman said. I am saying to take her into the woods. Give her the cooling root. What I gave you for your fever. You remember where it was?”
He nodded.
“Bring the fever down. Keep her hydrated. In the grove, there might be some of the plant to coagulate blood. Give her that, too. Break her fever, get the blood to stop pooling. And Elixir! Find it. Do whatever you have to do to find it. Understood?”
He was looking at Lucy, who was fading out of consciousness. He was remembering her orders not to deviate from the plan.
“AKIO!” I bellowed, “I am in charge now! Take her and Macie, and go!”
“Where are you going?!”
“I am going to get Millie, and I’ll meet you in the cave by the grove.”
“Okay.” He told me, “God, you’re scary. God, I fucking love you!” 
As Lucy slowly died in my arms, and as the people around us screamed and ran and stomped each other to death as Tristan went slashing through the crowd, spreading more and more infected blood around, I threw myself into Akio’s arms, and he threw himself into mine, and we kissed. With everything left, we kissed. 
“The cave. The grove.” I told him after our mouths had broken apart, “And I love you, too.”
He took Lucy from me, and I jumped off the stage into the carnage. Under my feet, blood had saturated the cold blocks of the street, and as others slipped and stumbled, I walked smoothly, my eyes trained on Tristan. When one man charged me with a large machete, I reached out and crushed his throat with one hand. Nothing would stop me on this mission now: Tell Tristan where we were going, infiltrate the Joined Hands Academy, save Millie, and get to the Grove. Nothing could stop me… Nothing…
Caspar grabbed me out of nowhere, so suddenly that I could not deflect his grasp, nor could I counter it. His hands were locked around my upper arms, and there in the chaos, we stood still, him looking into my white eyes, drinking in my rage, my power, as the lightning of my own making struck the crowd, as the snow on the ground turned completely red with blood. It was the rivers running red. It was a plague of my making. Of Lucy’s making. We were retribution. So much power. I had so much unfathomable power…
His eyes were tinged with red. His skin was beginning to flush. The sight of it made me laugh hysterically once again. Above us, lightning flashed and struck the courthouse, the building of “justice,” and it began to crumble. The sonic boom from the loudest blast of thunder I had ever heard dissolved the rest of it. Caspar was sick. He was infected. He would die soon. 
“The antidote… the antidote…” He managed to wheeze out to me. 
“No.” I shook my head, laughing even harder, “It’s gone, Caspar.”
“Where…”
“All… gone!” I half-sang, before laughing again. 
“You…” He began to gasp out, but just then, Tristan appeared with his knife, and Caspar stumbled away, far from me.
“Where are you going?” Tristan asked me, his eyes watching where Caspar was running so that he could follow him and finish him off.
“To get Millie. Meet us at the Grove.”
“I will. Stay safe.”
“You, too. What a night, huh?” I asked as I walked away, and together, we laughed until the buildings fell and the snow cast a blinding haze. We laughed until the city died.

Grace
 “Where are they?” I asked Illa softly. Penny was asleep on my chest. Everyone was asleep, except for Illa and me, and James, Adam, and Brynna, who were not in the room. Unlike her adoptive mother (and my biological mother), Penny did not hold a grudge against me for what had happened that night in her room. She had not even let me apologize.
“Grace,” She said with a sigh, “We can just let bygones be bygones, as they say.” 
I had laughed at that so hard, and felt such an undeniable swelling of love for her in my heart. My love for her had grown naturally, as though it were always meant to be there, as though there had always been some place in my heart that had remained vacant only so my love for her could fill it. Brynna had asked, without looking into my eyes, and very quietly, if I would hold Penny while she stepped out of the Hollow. I had agreed, very softly, and I had not looked at her, either. I could not look at her when I knew what had happened to her. 
She never told me. No one told me. But her physical and mental exhaustion corroded the barriers around her mind, and my power, coupled with my need to understand her, to know her, allowed me to gain easy access through her battle-worn defenses. I had been horrified at what I saw, and I had pitied her, even though I knew how she would hate me if she knew I was pitying her. 
“Illa?” I asked, because she was sitting in the corner of the room, with a book rested against her knees, twirling a piece of her long, almost maroon colored hair as she squinted to see the words in the dim torchlight.
“Would you like to lower your voice?” She gestured with her eyes towards Janna, who was asleep in her sleeping bag with Idan nestled against her chest. “Look around you. People are trying to sleep. You will wake everyone.”
“Sorry,” I murmured, and as always, her ire rattled me. I went back to stroking Penny’s hair and listening to her soft breathing.
As it always did, Illa’s mind tried to broadcast something to me without her consent, and as always, my still burgeoning power could not decipher the message. All I heard were garbled sounds, like a string of incoherent vowels. Her heart told her mind to speak, though both were hesitant to say the words out loud, but she wanted to say them. From where they were coming, I did not know—if they were from a place of guilt or a place of anger, I didn’t know, which made deciphering the message even more difficult. I never pushed the issue in hopes that in time, she would tell me on her own what it was she wanted to say.
“They are in the hallway.” She told me curtly as she turned the page, “Brynna needs to walk. She gets very restless when she does not walk.”
“It’s so dangerous, though.” I told her softly, “Sneaking out and using that industrial sink as a shower is so dangerous. Going out there at all is dangerous.”
“Being here is dangerous. Adam does not know what his men did to the ship. For all we know, this monstrosity is sinking, and seeing as how we are in the belly of the ship, we will be the first to go when the ocean begins to seep through the walls. I have heard drowning is quite torturous, at least at first. We shall see.”
“You say that so nonchalantly.”
“I do. Because I do not care if I live or die.”
I wanted to ask her to elaborate, but I knew that she would not. So I remained silent, though I did not look away from her face. I had never seen someone my age who was so pretty. She was not my age, at least not literally. Physically, she was my age. But literally, she was somewhere in her thirties. Brynna was somewhere in her forties, and James was in his sixties. It was so strange to think of them as being so old in reality. It was strange to know that their faces could lie so easily. Looking at Penny was particularly shocking; she remained six years old, but she was actually twenty-six. Her heart, mind, and body were that of a little girl, but she had been around for so much longer than six years. It was so strange to think. So strange, and so mind-boggling, that I kept talking to the always-so-talkative Illa in order to avoid thinking about it for any longer.
“What book are you reading?”
“The Handmaid’s Tale. Earthean author named Margaret Atwood. Brynna loves her. The Warden got this for her. It is contraband. He had to send one of his men into a vault to get it.”
“What is it about?” 
I was truly curious. I wanted to know what stoked my mother’s interest. Suddenly, after seeing her, seeing what had been done to her, and realizing that I could have lost her, I wanted to know about her. Instead of asking her, though, I was asking Illa, and I was asking in the most roundabout way. But still, it was a start.
“Would you like to begin reading it? I am very tired, so you may borrow this copy and begin it.”
“Uh…” I reached out, and took the book from her when she extended it towards me. “Yeah. Sure.”
“Alright, then. There will be a test in the morning, so read well.”
I giggled a little harder than her sarcastic joke warranted. She looked at me, brows furrowed, and my smile and laugh faded abruptly. 
“Sorry,” I apologized hurriedly.
“Do not be. Goodnight. Shut out the light when you are done.” 
***
“Alright. Nice and easy now, sweetheart.”
 I had just shut out the light when James, Brynna, and Adam returned. Together, they were easing her down onto her sleeping mat. She was wearing a pair of prison pants that she had ripped to make shorts, because, as she had explained to me quietly, she could not sleep in long pants, and there was an unspoken rule about sleeping in only undergarments or in nothing at all. In the darkness, she could not see me watching, so she did not see me see the extent of her injuries. 
I had never had sex. That should be obvious. So I did not understand how she had gotten the bruises down her thighs. I did not understand why she was in so much pain. I was so ignorant. I was so stupid. I watched as they laid her down, and I wondered, “Even if it was forced on her by the Warden, would it still hurt?” But it did hurt. She was biting her tongue as James gently helped bend her knees to settle her down onto the mat. By the time she had laid back against the pillows that Adam had placed behind her back, I saw the tears leaking from her eyes. They were tears of pain, only. Nothing more. Despite how I felt about her, I knew with my whole heart that she would not shed tears for that man or for what he had done to her. The tears were in response to the pain, and that was all. 
Adam wiped them away very gently with his thumb, and then, he and James took their usual place on either side of her. I had noticed, when I had watched them over the previous days, that if her head was rested against Adam’s chest, she would have her fingers entwined with James’s, or if she was lying with her head nestled underneath of James’s head, she would pull Adam’s arm so it was draped over her. Only if they were both beside her would she sleep. Otherwise, she sat up, and while some of us remained awake, she would merely lie with her eyes open, staring at the ceiling, but once she thought we were all asleep, she would sit up on her sleeping mat, and rock herself back and forth. That would wake up Adam, who would just lie beside her, rubbing his hand up and down her back, or up and down her thigh, or he would sit up, too, and start massaging her shoulders. James slept like the dead, but I knew that if she shook him, he would wake and sit up with her. 
It was only a matter of time before he found us. She knew it. I knew it. Every day felt like another minute had ticked down on the time-trigger of a nuclear bomb. Every night, I imagined feeling the explosion of noise before I felt it. I imagined the fire. So when it came, I was almost relieved. 
“It’s him.” Brynna whispered when we heard a long bang against the wall. James looked at her, his eyes wide, terrified. Penny grasped her around the middle, squeezing tightly. Adam had merely wrapped his arm around her shoulders and squeezed. 
“We’re the most expendable.” Jason told me grimly, sadly. “We’ll be the first to go.” 
“I’m not expendable.” I whispered, “And that’s worse for me.”
“Why?” He asked, “Who are you that I’m not?”
“You’ll see. Because he knows.”
There was no fighting, at least not at first. Once they grabbed hold of us, and began to tear us off in different directions, though, I began to thrash and fight and claw and scream. I fought and kicked until the guard holding me had had enough, until a blast across the back of my head blotted out my vision with darkness and stars. 
Before I passed out, though, I heard her screaming for me. Brynna. 
“That is my daughter!” She screamed, “Warden, she is my daughter! Gideon! She is mine!” 
I wanted to say her name, to show that I heard, that I knew that she was fighting for me, that she was claiming me in order to save me. In my heart, I wanted to believe that the reason she wanted me spared was not just because I was her blood, but because she cared for me. I allowed myself to believe that as I felt myself slipping further and further away from the light, as I felt distinctly like I was falling backwards into some terrible dream. Before I went, I would say her name. 
But when I cried it out, it did not come out as “Brynna.” It came out as “Mom.”
***
“Grace.” Her voice, so firm. Icy. Strong. Back to normal. I almost believed that I had dreamed it all, or that it had been a premonition, and that there was still time for me to stop it all from happening. My head was throbbing, and when I went to grasp it, I could not move. With a sharp gasp, I awoke.
“Alright, sweetheart.” Adam’s voice was saying, “It is alright. You are alright. Calm down. Breathe. Slowly. Breathe.”
We were all together still. Even Rohanna, Yumi, Jason, and Rael were still with us. Each one of us was bound to a chair, and the chairs were spaced evenly around so that we formed a circle. I was between Brynna and Adam, and Penny was on Brynna’s other side. 
“My, my.” The Warden said, and my entire body tensed when I realized that he was standing right behind me. 
“Grace DiAngelo. That is what your file says is your name. You bear a resemblance to the woman who carried you, but God, how I did not see the resemblance to the woman who made you, I do not know. So I suppose I should call you ‘Grace Elohimson.’” He said, “I should have known, but I doubted that it was truly possible.” He was moving, now he was right behind Brynna. “I truly did not think anything could be salvaged from this battleground of a womb.” His hand had snaked around Brynna’s front, and he grasped her lower stomach so hard that she might have grimaced, if she were not so proud. “Because it is a battleground, isn’t it, my love? So many men fighting and dying for it. Well, not so much for the womb. But for your perfect gash, they will fight and die. God, even your dear old Daddy could not resist the power of your sweet cunt, could he?”
“You motherfucker.” James spat. He was two seats down from Brynna, beside Janna. “Fuck you!”
“Oh, James…” The Warden said teasingly, as his hand came around to the front of her neck, and grasped underneath of her chin, “Do not become belligerent just yet. But by the One God, you know all about this. You know that so many men wanted this,” His hand was between her legs, and I squeezed my eyes shut, “…that they destroyed what lies beyond it. You were told all about it, weren’t you? Before? He made you aware, didn’t he?”
James glowered at him but said nothing, because the Warden’s hand was gripping Brynna’s throat a little harder.
“Knowing that the womb to hold her life was gone, how could I ever suspect that the beautiful child my brother tried to murder would live long enough for her to perform a successful pass?” 
The Warden came around in front of me and kneeled down.
“Don’t you dare touch her.” Brynna hissed at her, “Don’t you fucking touch her!”
“Why should I not?” He asked, his head snapping in her direction, “You love her. You do. Oh, by the one God, you do. I can feel it in this heart.” With one of his bony hands, he reached out and placed his hand over her heart. “In this cold, cruel heart, I can feel the warmth of her love for you, Grace. For all of you.” He looked over at Yumi, Rohanna, and Jason, “Well, not for the three of you. But for the rest of you. And by the One God…” He actually sounded as though he were ready to cry. “I know what I must do.”
He looked at her, and when he saw the fire in her eyes, he began to laugh. He laughed so hysterically that a tear actually did escape his eye. But then, just as abruptly as it started, he stopped, and when he spoke, his voice was cold.
“So… Shall we determine the order, my dear?”
“Do not hurt them.” She requested, and he sighed heavily and covered his face for one second.
“I really wish you would stop speaking out of turn. Or saying such utterly irrelevant things. Giving me irrelevant answers. William?”
I screamed before I saw it. My hand jerked out, cutting my bruised and raw wrists on the cords tied so tightly around them as I reached out and grasped her hand. Penny and Idan were screaming and sobbing, and Brynna’s head was turned to Penny. Their heads were nestled together, but her hand was squeezing mine back. My other hand was holding Adam’s, and my head was turned to him as I cried hysterically. Any boldness that I had felt before had long since fled me. My heart was pounding, my breaths were hollow and quick, my tears were multiplying. 
“Do not look, my sweet girl.” Adam whispered, “Do not look. Close your eyes.”
But I did look, and when I did, I saw Jason, his head fallen forward, smashed in at the back, blood and brain matter and skull on the floor in front of him, the guard called William standing behind him with a flanged baton. What horrified me most were not the contents that had streamed out of his head, but the way his eyes were blinking rapidly still, and his legs were still kicking…
“See? That was not even as cruel as I could be.” The Warden said, “I merely got rid of one of the expendables. But did that display make it inescapably clear to you, you insolent, infuriating, intoxicating little bitch, that you are to answer my questions with relevant answers, and nothing more?”
“Yes.” She answered, “Yes.”
“There we go.” He grinned again, and the red in his eyes was replaced with black once again, “Perfect. So, now, the order. I think, after we rid ourselves of the expendables, and then of the idem man…” Tony spat at him, and the wad of blood and spit nailed him perfectly on the left cheek. 
“You fucking idem cunt!” The Warden was capable of going from calm to crazed in less than one second. It was almost impressive. Within a second of the spike in his rage, he was in front of Tony, punching him over and over again, and we were giving him exactly what he wanted, begging him to stop, screaming, fighting, clawing, until finally, he got bored, and returned to Brynna.
“After he is dead, we shall begin with the children. It will be quick. First the King and Second Queen’s son, the heir to the throne…” He walked over and squeezed Idan’s shoulder. Idan’s squeal of terror made the tears fall more rapidly from my eyes.
“You will not touch my son!” Adam barked, “Sick bastard! You sick fucking bastard, don’t you dare touch my son!”
“Please, please, Warden, I beg of you…” Janna cried, looking up at him with her huge eyes that were darker blue than they had ever been, “Please, take me instead. Please! I am begging you.”
“They have nothing to do with this.” James bellowed, “Let them go! This is between you, Adam, her, and me! Let the rest of them go.”
He rounded on James now, and pronounced, with the gusto and theatrics of a man performing some dramatic soliloquy, “But I cannot! Surely, I cannot. Not when the traitorous whore disobeyed me so! Not when she betrayed me in this way. After I doted upon her, and cared for her, and allowed her to get away with murder and intimidation and bribery and theft. After I allowed her to behave so criminally under my watch, she betrayed me. She told my brother that I was forcing myself upon her, when everything we ever did together was agreed upon! Yes! Yes! She said ‘yes!’ She wanted me!” His voice calmed, and he was speaking matter-of-factly again, “So it will begin with the children. First your dear Idan, then her dearest, dearest Penelope, and then her spirit-child, Grace.”
“Please… Warden…” Brynna whispered, and he rounded on her then. 
“Ah!” He exclaimed, “Another strike! William! The next one!”
Rohanna’s scream left my ears ringing. My head was back underneath of Adam’s, and he was telling me to keep my eyes shut, and my eyes were shut, even though my mind wanted to look, even though my eyelids were trying to tear themselves open so I could see. It was her control over my mind that was keeping my eyes shut. It was Yumi, I knew. I knew because Rohanna kept screaming. She did not stop until William gave her a warning blow with his fist across the back of her head.
“It will be merciful to kill your children first.” The Warden continued, “Then they will not have to witness the merciless slaughter of their parents. They will not be forced to watch as I cut off your handsome man’s head, and lay it in your lap.” He gestured to James, and then to Janna, “As I force your beautiful lover to make love to you one last time, as I watched you do to her just a few days ago. They will not see when I slice open her throat while she is still between your legs. They will not see when I hold my guns on the great Rexprimus, and force him to do to you what my brother ordered him to do to you all those years ago, in the cells of Shadow Village, and then, just as he wages his final war inside that sweet, treacherous cave of yours, I will rip out his heart with my bare hands. A part of me wants to let the children see it. To see those final moments. So that I know that you saw them see it. But I will be merciful. You do not deserve it, but I will be merciful, at least in that respect.”
He was back in front of Brynna, kneeling in front of her.
“But you, on the other hand, will not see my mercy. Do you remember how I said that I would put you out of your misery after you watched me slaughter every person you have ever loved? Well, that simply will not be. Your name is popular with the Unallied, even more so than the Second Queen’s. They know that you keep the King’s balls in your back pocket, that Tyre views you as a holy martyr, and that one of his closest men left his side to stand at yours. They know the power that you had over your populace, and many of those tribes want you. They are far worse than we could ever be, and I am eager for you to learn that. I am eager for you to see just how well-off you were here with me, just how very good I was to you. I only want to teach you a lesson, but once you are theirs, you are theirs. I will never see you again. You will live out the rest of your days, and the stench of their blood will never leave your skin, and the heavy feeling of grief in your heart will never weaken, and you will be a slave to the wills of animal-men. What do you think, my sweet? Tell me how all that sounds to you, so that we may begin?”
“Settling Duel.” She said, and beside me, Adam’s head jerked up, away from mine, and when I looked at him, I saw that his eyes were wide. 
“Brynna!” He barked, “You cannot! Do you hear me? You cannot!”
“Say it again.” The Warden said, and I was more disturbed by the slow spread of the smile across his lips than I was by his earlier sudden ascents to rage and theatricality. 
“Settling Duel.”
“Brynna!” Adam bellowed. 
“For their lives.” She continued, her one black eye and one white eyes stuck firmly to the Warden’s black ones. “For mine.” 
He stared at her, smiling, until he was simply, suddenly, not smiling anymore. Then, his face was very slightly contorted into an expression of pain and of grief. He reached out and gently grasped her face.
“By the One God… You are a stupid child. I have spent these years living between the legs of a stupid little girl. But if it is a Settling Duel you want, it is a Settling Duel you shall get. The people of this ship have been craving a good fight in your absence. We have much to which we must live up today. If you fight me alone, you will lose within minutes. I propose that we better your chances, for I am nothing if not a gentleman, and I will not allow a totally unfair duel. But I am also nothing if not the ringleader of the world’s most violent circus, and I must allow for a show that will keep my rabid crazies happy for months after you are gone. So let us do something we have never done before.”
“Let us.” She answered, her eyes still blazing into his.
“You will fight for the lives of everyone in this room. Should you, by some dark luck, kill me in the ring, my guards will not harm you or any of them, and upon our arrival in the next port, you all will be released. If you die in the ring, they will be slaughtered beside you.”
“Brynna, do not agree to this.” Adam whispered at her, “You will be killed. He will crush you in seconds. My love, my beauty, do not agree to these terms!”
“Oh, but I have not finished stating the terms, King Adam. To make it fair, you will have two others with you.”
“Let’s do it.” James said, “Adam and me, right? We’re in.”
“No, Commander Maxwell, not you and the King. It will be your dear woman and her dear daughters.”
At first, there was a stunned silence, and in that stunned silence, my stomach churned. My heart that was already beating a mile a minute picked up even more speed. I looked at Adam, but he was staring down the Warden, his eyes totally red—iris, whites, there was even a tinge of red to his pupils. 
“You are a fucking lunatic.” Tony snarled furiously, breaking the silence, “You are fucking sick! I will stand in for them.”
“Oh, but that is no fun, idem.” The Warden said, “For though she loves you very much, though you are her dearest friend, you do not own the space in her heart that these two little girls own.”
“Penny is seven years old.” Brynna said softly, her voice trembling very slightly, “Grace is sixteen. They have never killed anyone, and they have not fully grown into their fighting capabilities. Please do not do this, Warden.”
“I will stand in for them,” Janna said, “Your people have wanted to see me in the Arena, but I have always been spared by either her or Tony. If all you are looking for is easy fodder to prolong the fight for a few more minutes, then you will have that in me. My shoulder was irreparably damaged during our first nights here, and I will be unable to fight for long. I will be able to fight for about as long as either Penny or Grace would be able to fight you.” 
“While I love the idea of it, Queen Janna, and I love your sudden desire to be the sacrificial lamb, I will not waiver on this. No matter the insults you spew at me, or the threats of violence, or the pleas… It is Brynna, Grace, and Penelope against me in the Arena, or you will die as I have stated. Mrs. Olivier-Elohimson… The choice is yours.”
“Brynna…” Adam said softly, imploringly, beside me, “Look at me, my love.”
For a long second, she continued to stare down the Warden, but then, her eyes turned to meet Adam’s.
“You will not survive this. The three of you will be killed, and he will make sure that your girls die first, so that you can see them die. Please do not agree to this. Please, my love. I told you that you can do anything, and I meant that. But you cannot do this, sweetheart.”
“Listen to him, baby.” James said, “Please listen to him, because he’s right. After all you have done in here, he will kill you slowly, so that all those people out there who chant your name when you fight will know that he is strong, and you are weak, and they were stupid for thinking anything but that is the truth. Penny will die. Grace will die. You will die.”
Laughter. Sudden, and unyielding. She laughed so hard that her hand squeezed mine, and as she laughed, Penny’s tears calmed, and she nestled her head under our mother’s. 
“Don’t you all see? We either die in this room, or we die out there. He kills our children first, and then he kills all of you, and then he kills me or sells me, either right here in this room, or out there. The best I can do is buy us some time, as they say. So, Warden, War Lord, whoever or whatever you are, I agree to your terms. We will fight. The three of us against you.”
He stared at her for a long while, smiling, and then not smiling, and then smiling again.
“You are so foolish, child. They speak volumes about your vast intelligence. They live in fear of it. But I know the truth now. I know that you are merely a disgraceful little fool.”
Out loud, she said nothing, but in her mind, which I infiltrated rather easily, she thought, I know.
***
In the dark rooms that led out into the Arena, I sat, hyperventilating, thinking of my mother and father, and how within the hour, I would see them again. Rachel and Tom, Brynna and Adam, within an hour we would all be equally dead, and equally tumbling about in the Eternal Dark. Perhaps my first mother and father had already crossed over, but if my Dad was as they said, then he had not. I would see him soon in darkness, but I would not see my mother, for she was the embodiment of all they said was good. Except she was not. She was my biological mother’s best friend; she believed all that Brynna believed, and even if she had not, she still would have been damned. If you love a sinner, you are a sinner. Their words. 
“Grace.” Brynna’s voice said, “Come here.”
My knees were pulled into my chest, and I was lying on my side, struggling for breath. Never before had I been so afraid. Never before had I felt so sick and sluggish, and yet so driven to action. I wanted to go to her, because maybe she would comfort me, or at the very least, maybe she would reveal some intricate plan that proved she had a handle on this chaos, even when everyone else believed that she did not. Brynna Olivier, my mother, the woman with the brain so large that every enemy feared her on the basis of that brain, alone. Her power was of the mind, and the mind was the most formidable opponent of all. Perhaps that formidable mind saw ahead, where we walked out of this alive. Perhaps that formidable mind, with its formidable power, had worked out a way to see us through. 
Penny came up behind me, and very gently embraced me. Her small body was not shaking, and her heart was calm. I did not see any marks of disassociation upon her mind or heart, so I knew that Brynna had not invoked a state of drugged contentment in her daughter, nor was Penny miming her mother’s heart and mind, the way she tended to mime her most of the time in everything. Penny was calm because Penny knew she had to be calm. Because she believed that we could survive, even when Brynna and I did not. 
“Come on, Gracie.” Penny told me, and she took my hand in hers, sat me up, wiped my tears away, and brought me over to Brynna who, without hesitation, reached down and took my hand. As my sobs slowed, but the hiccupping breaths continued, we stood, grasping hands, in the dim light. 
“You two must be open to my control. I will be fighting, and I will be keeping you two out of the way. Do not resist my control, and I might be able to do sufficient damage on him, enough to make him weak, which might make it possible, but still improbable, that you two will be able to finish him off. It is improbable, girls.” She told us, softly, and my hand squeezed hers, “This man has lived for centuries. He has fought in every battle, and he has won every battle by making hundreds upon hundreds of kills personally. He will destroy me, and I know that. But I am going to fight for as long as I can, and I am going to damage him in every way that I can, over the time it takes him to kill me. Because it will not be quick. His plan is to take you two out first, but if you allow me to control your minds, I can stop that from happening. You just have to hit him hard, with everything you have, once I have weakened him, because he will be standing over me when I am dead, reveling in it, and that is when you have to strike.”
I cried harder. Penny remained calm, with dry eyes and a slowly beating heart. For a moment of insecurity, I told myself that though she was still a child in body and allegedly in mind, also, she had to have matured just a little bit, or at least built up a tiny tolerance to all the evil and horrors that she had seen. I was still in my literal age, sixteen in body and mind. Of course I was terrified. Of course I was unable to think without crying about this woman who was my mother dying brutally, sacrificing herself for us in the process. I did not like her in the slightest. But I loved her. Truly, I loved her.
“That is very sweet, Grace.” She told me, and when our blue eyes met—the eyes that matched so obviously, I did not know how I had not seen it the first time our gazes joined together—she smiled, very slightly. “I…” She stopped. My heart surged. Suddenly, I wanted her to say it back, to concede, there in what were possibly our final moments together, that she loved me, too. That I was hers, as well as my first mother’s. I wanted to hear her say it.
But instead, she just smiled for a second longer, and then the smile faded, but because our hands were all touching, Penny finished Brynna’s sentences with a stream of thoughts that were both her own and Brynna’s. 
Adam and Brynna, lying in bed, feeling her stomach, feeling me inside her, and Brynna giggling so happily, her blue eyes so alight with joy. Adam’s hands finding the light that was me and saying incredulously that soon he would have a daughter as well as a son. James kissing her right where the warm light of my life could be felt most strongly, right where I was sleeping within her womb, still so small and fragile, but there. I was there, and they loved me already. How she and Penny had laid in Penny’s bed, dreaming up names, laughing together, as Penny whispered to me inside Brynna’s belly, telling me that she would be the best big sister to me, that she would always protect me. I felt the grief in their hearts when the bullet dislodged me, when I became just a wisp of life that would soon be gone, how she had desperately searched for some way to save me, to give me life, even if it was not through her. How Rachel had cried and accepted me. How they had laid together afterwards, and she had made Rachel and Tom promise never to tell me that I was not theirs. Even though she had wanted me and loved me and grieved for me, she had known that the only way to keep me safe was to let me go. It was so selfless. So sacrificial. That barely does it justice. It caused her tremendous pain, both then, and for many, many years, and yet she let me go. She erased herself from my life, in every way she could, all so the world would not know that I was the foreseen child, the child of the prophecy, the one they coveted for purposes unknown, purposes which she knew would change me into something monstrous. That was why she treated me so terribly. That was why she was so cold. She feared that I had become, or was on my way to becoming, exactly what Tyre wanted me to become. 
Everything laid itself out before me, flowing at Penny’s command from our stubborn mother’s mind so easily. When the feed ended, my tears resumed, harder and with more sadness than they had been flowing with before. 
“Penelope.” She whispered, in a scold so unconvincing that Penny actually beamed up at her. 
“You would be so sad if she didn’t know it before you couldn’t tell her anymore, Mama.” Penny replied, “I don’t want you to be sad.”
Brynna smiled and kneeled, pressing her forehead to Penny’s.
“You are my girl.” She whispered, and truly, my heart leaped in surprise when I saw the tears begin to pour from her eyes, “Through and through, you are my girl. You remember what I said?”
Penny nodded, her eyes still dry, but her hands grasping Brynna’s. She was so preternaturally serene, that child. So fiery when she needed to be, so brash and bold and intelligent that it was frightening, and yet she could also be the calm, stable center of our worlds. 
“I don’t want to.” Penny whispered, “I want to stay like this forever. I want to be your little girl forever.”
“You will be, Penny. Always. No matter what your physical age may be, you will always be my little girl. You will not know it now, but I have prayed for your entire life that I would not push you away when you were of a more independent age. You have nothing to fear in growing up now, sweetheart. It’s time. After I am gone, it is time to move on. Promise me.”
“Mommy…”
“Promise me, Penny! Promise Grace. Promise her that after this is over, you will keep going. You will grow up. You will make Idan do the same.” 
“Mommy, I can’t…”
“Penelope Sylvia…” Brynna grasped her face with both hands, “Promise me right now.”
Penny’s hands came up to rest over Brynna’s, and now, tears did begin to leak from those huge blue eyes. 
“I promise.” She whispered, before looking up at me and saying, “I promise.”
“And you.” Brynna said, and she pulled my hand lightly so that I was kneeling with them, “You will make sure that she does.”
“I will.” I agreed immediately, “Of course I will, Brynna.”
“Good. You will care for her. You will see her into older age.”
“I will.”
“I ask this of you, because even though we are so different, Grace, we are very much the same. I hate to thrust this responsibility upon you, but I have no one else on this Orb or any other that I would trust to care for her, for all of them, more than I trust you. I trust myself, and therefore, I trust you. I know that you will be able to do what I have done all these years. Keep them together. Keep them strong, and let them do the same for you. Can you do that for me?”
“I can. I will. I promise, Brynna, I promise.”
“Alright. Then it is time.” She stood up, grasped my hand and Penny’s, and turned us to face the door. “Onward and upward, into the darkness we go.”
The doors opened, and the roar of the crowd came barreling towards us up the dark corridor like a monstrous wave. With each step, we moved closer to the light at the end of the hall, each of us squinting a little more the closer we got until finally, we stepped from the near pitch darkness into the bright light.
The Warden was there, dressed in his Commander’s uniform, and to my horror, I saw that all the weapons had been removed. Brynna had won every arena fight with knives. Now, she would be forced to fight with just her hands. The Warden was not very tall, nor was he particularly muscular, and still, I knew her chances were slim. Plus, when she fell, and he was standing over her as she said he would, how would Penny and I kill him? Surely, we would not be strong enough to twist his head from his neck.
The crowd was ravenous. When I looked up, I saw that their fangs were already out, and their eyes were already white. James, Adam, Janna, Tony, Idan, Rael, and Rohanna were seated behind the Warden’s chair, and I saw that each wore a chain around his or her ankles that were all interconnected, and that were all attached to the walls at the back. They had a front row seat, which I knew was intentional. The Warden wanted them to see, in all its glorious detail, the death of the woman they loved, and the deaths of her two children. 
“Count us down!” The Warden yelled to the crowd, and they started at ten, roaring out the count. 
Brynna turned us to her.
“Stay open to my influence. Do not block me out. Just let me control you.”
We nodded, and just before the crowd roared “GO!” she kissed Penny’s forehead, and then she kissed mine. 
The Warden charged towards us in a blur of superhuman speed unmatched by any other superhuman. Before any of us could blink or even breathe the slightest breath, he was upon us, but before his hands could even flinch as they began to rise, Brynna thrust her arms out to both sides, which sent Penny and I running at superhuman speed in opposite directions. The Warden turned, a slave to his brief moment of confusion, to his brain wondering where we had gone and how we had gone so quickly. Brynna seized upon that single second, and with both hands, she popped the Warden over his ears, disorienting him further. He stumbled to the ground, his eyes wide, betraying his shock only for a second to the crowd watching. In fact, despite what I am sure was world-twirling dizziness, he thrust himself back up onto his feet almost immediately.
As he stumbled, Brynna rushed forward and socked him hard between the legs with her closed fist. He grunted in pain, but regained himself very quickly. With an almighty swipe sideways, his fist sent her hurtling through the air into one of the cinderblock walls. Something cracked, but she threw herself up, as invulnerable to her pain as he was to his. He was stalking towards Penny now, and Brynna reached out, grasped Penny’s mind so that Penny turned to face the wall, scurried up it impossibly fast, and flipped over his head. Once out of his path, Penny ran to stand beside me, and to keep us scattered, Brynna grasped my mind and sent me running to the other side of the arena and hurtling through the air. I leapt so high that I was able to grab the railing around the viewing area, and people cheered wildly as though I were up there merely as part of the show, and not to avoid the charging bull of a man that was trying to kill me. Once up there, though, I heard people shouting their bets, and to my rage, they were betting against her. Of course, it was the smart thing to do, because the Warden’s reputation was so formidable, but a week earlier, they had been wildly placing their bets upon her and Adam, even when the two confronted four vicious warriors and one Dark Giant. The lack of loyalty from the crowd was sickening to me, and with every inch of my heart, I wished that we would somehow end up on top, that they would find themselves to be disloyal, disgusting fools at the end of this when Brynna, Penny, and I walked out of the Arena and then off of the ship, but I knew that it simply would not be. 
Well, I did not know know. But I strongly suspected. All odds were so staunchly stacked against us.
The Warden rounded on Brynna, and she actually grinned, because she knew that she had made him angry. He was not like his brother; Tyre’s infamous temper was not shared in the Warden. He became theatrical when he was mad, and crazed, but that theatricality and insanity did not make themselves known in the form of explosive fits of rage or in seemingly random bursts of violence. He just killed. Swiftly, but not mercilessly. Now, he was mad. His red eyes were blazing into her black and white ones. When he charged forward, she tried to dodge, but he was too quick, and I could hear her mind thinking that this was it. He would beat her into a bloody, unrecognizable pulp, and maybe he would rape her before he ripped out her throat, or maybe he would not. 
Her knee came up to nail him in the ribs, and from what I am sure was rather decent pain, he found the rage to strike her, and he did not do so lightly. His hand was closed into a fist when he hit her, not open in a slap. 
“Six dinner tokens on the Warden!” I heard one man yelling, frantically upping the ante.
“Twenty cigarettes on the Warden!”
“Outside tokens on the Warden!”
Mary Bachum’s boys and girls walked through the crowd, gathering the items being used to bet. I hoped they would all be happy, all those who were betting on him. When we were dead, and they had their equal share of the winnings, I hoped that it would keep them warm at night, even as we grew colder by the hour. Penny was a child. I was a child. Brynna had been their queen. When we were dead, they should have mourned, not reaped their winnings and celebrated. 
But these were hardened, immoral criminals. I do not know why I was surprised.
My eyes traveled by their own will over to where the rest of us were sitting. Rohanna was cowering in Rael’s shoulder, and Janna was cowering against James’s. No, she was not cowering, though she was crying, and grasping both of Idan’s hands in hers. She was whispering to James, and even from where I was, I could see his bottom lip beginning to tremble as he fought off tears. His eyes were searching all around, trying not to look down, because he was trying to convince himself that she would get the upper-hand, and when he looked down into the ring, he knew that she would not. Adam, on the other hand, was watching, his eyes still so red that they burned with their own light. As I watched him, I saw a recognition in his mind first, and then in his heart, that it was for this reason that he had pushed her away in the beginning, because he knew that she would die this terrible death. His mind was forcing his eyes to hold fast to her, even when the blood spewed from her mouth and nose, even when her jaw shattered, even when the Warden closed his hands around her neck, and began to squeeze. His heart was cringing at the sight, as her beautiful face became more and more unrecognizable, as the woman he loved with all his heart slipped away from him, but his mind continued to hold his gaze to her. He would watch her die, he would feel every second of it. He would do that, so that the next time the Warden was foolish enough to approach him, he would rip him apart, slowly, taking one appendage at a time—fingers, hands, arms, legs, eyes, tongue… So that he felt every moment of it. 
I would be dead soon. She was fading. I could feel it. All the while, as he hit her, she fought. With everything. She clawed his face. She slashed her nails across his neck and drew a sufficient amount of blood that began to gush. She snapped six of his fingers, cracked three of his ribs, shattered three others. But he was an animal. He was beastly, brutal… He just kept hitting her. And I watched. I cried, and cried, and cried… But all I did was watch. She was holding us steadfastly to our places so he could not hurt us yet. But I could have fought. I didn’t.
When the ship lurched to the left, and then immediately righted itself, only to be thrown to the right, I knew that it was her. In her final moments, she was having her last laugh. The Warden knew it, too, so he grasped her face in both hands, pulled her face close to his, and bellowed, “What are you doing?!” When I looked, Adam had stood up, because he knew, too, what she was about to do, and as every one of those revelers looked around, I watched the grin spread across his lips, and the maniacal laughter take him. And then it dawned on me. If she was to die, she would make sure that they died with her. Adam, James, and Janna would get us out, somehow, someway. But everyone else would perish. She would see to that. Her very own little cataclysm. Her last act of revenge. 
He hit her, demanding to know what she was doing. He stood up, brought his foot back, and delivered a particularly brutal blow to her midsection that left her curled up, gasping for air, grasping her broken ribs. He stomped on her legs, breaking one. He stomped on her pelvis, and shattered that, too. The man was famed for being as brutal a fighter as he was skilled. His victims were left looking like they had lost a fight with a freight train when he was done with them. Already, she was bleeding profusely, and she was swollen beyond recognition, to the point that I prayed soon she would run out of bones for him to snap, only so he would end her pain. He would have continued until she was gone, had Penny not dropped down from the top and begun to approach. She dropped down, behind Brynna’s head, and the Warden looked up at her, shocked. After a moment, he smiled, his fangs gleaming. 
“Would you like to hold Mummy’s hand while I rip out her throat? She needs a hand to squeeze in all her pain, and once she is gone, it is your turn.”
For the moment, he had stopped hitting Brynna. When he had spoken, though, it had triggered a coughing fit, and I realized, from the raspy way that he was breathing, that one of his broken ribs had impaled one of his lungs. When he coughed, blood spewed out of his mouth onto her, and became lost with the rest of the blood on her face. Brynna’s hand was reaching back, clawing the air, trying to force Penny’s mind to send her body back up onto the wall, where she would be safe for a few more minutes, but Penny resisted, or maybe Brynna’s power was diminishing as her life diminished. 
For a moment, Penny just stood there. Then, she turned her gaze from him to me, and when my eyes met my sister’s, I knew, so clearly and resolutely that I did not know how I had not known it before, what I had to do. I fought back, hard, against Brynna’s influence over my mind. When I dropped to the ground, Penny and I charged, with every ounce of our strength, into the Warden, and we were able to tackle him backwards. He threw us both off, and as I soared through the air to hit the wall, I watched as Brynna, wheezing, spitting up blood, eyes rolling back, turned onto her side and began to pull her way across the floor towards him, still wanting to fight, even with mere minutes left. Still trying to protect us. Penny had righted herself in mid-air to land on her hands and feet, and just like a quick and clever cat, she scurried across the floor, threw herself over Brynna’s chest, and grasped her face. The Warden tried to charge her, because he knew what she was about do, though I did not know, and to stop him, I rammed my body into his only to be thrust easily aside by him. But I did not give in. I jumped up, threw myself onto his back, and with the fangs I had only just discovered a few weeks earlier, I ripped into his throat.
The euphoria of it. God, the glory. By the heavens, and by the One God, it soothed every fear I had, to sink my teeth into his skin, to feel the thumping of his pulse against my teeth, lips, and tongue. I licked the throbbing artery, felt it licking me back, and then, my jaws clamped harder. It startled him. It terrified him, to know that I had delivered what could possibly be a killing blow. He was a legendary fighter. He was the Lord of War. He would not be killed by the strange bastard child of the First King and First Queen. He would not allow something like a severed artery to stop him. And I did sever it. Deliberately, I cut one fang through it until his blood began to spray. Then I dropped off of him and rushed to Brynna’s side, feeling the ship give another terrifying lurch to the left. The torches flickered and went out, but suddenly, they roared to life, all at once, and in the newer, brighter light, I saw that Brynna was standing up, covered in blood, but healed. Whole. New again. Penny was beside her, beaming proudly, but her eyes were red as she looked upon the Warden.
“Grace?” She asked, “We need your help.”
“How?”
“We are changing the tides.” Penny said excitedly. 
Somehow, I understood, and when I walked to them and grasped their hands, the ship turned so far onto its left that people flew into the walls and into the domed ceiling, each flung body cracking the glass a little more. Everyone stumbled except for us. Somehow, we were fixed to the ground. Because this was our doing, we were fixed points.
“There is a particularly monstrous rock formation up ahead.” Brynna informed me, and when I closed my eyes, I could see it, “How would you like to riddle this ship with holes?”
I beamed, feeling the warmth of one million summers upon my cheeks, the joy of one thousand children within my heart. 
“I would love to, Brynna.”
And we did. Together, we changed the tides. We pulled the ocean to one side so that our ship careened itself towards the rocks unnaturally. As the water moved, I grasped the hand of the man holding the ship’s wheel with my mind and told him to spin, which sent the ship into what can only be described as a tailspin. I could smell the smoke and fire in the engine rooms as the engines gave out. I could hear the screams, and I drank them in like they were water from the Fountain of Youth. I pictured my mother’s face. My father’s smile. I felt the warmth of Brynna’s hand in my hand, and the warmth of Penny’s hand. And together, we used our truly epic and utterly awesome power to defy nature, to change what had once been sure, in every way that we could change it. Our power determined what was possible, and we were writing the code of logical possibility that day. 
The rip of the rocks through the bottom of the ship was so deafening, it drowned out the screams. I opened my eyes, giggling as the ship rocked and rattled and jerked and tilted, and my giggling intensified when I began to smell the water come rushing into the hull. In my mind, I saw the Hollow, hidden behind its false wall, as it flooded, and I was glad. Though our greatest nights onboard the ship had been spent there, I was happy to see it go. Nostalgia flooded me just like the water flooded our second home onboard, but I was happy that it was gone.
“Girls,” Brynna said, “My loves,” She said, “Go free everyone from their chains, and I will see you in a minute.”
I turned to begin my quick hurtle up the wall, but Penny remained behind.
“Mama?” She asked.
“Yes, sweetheart?”
“Can I take his hands?”
“Try again.”
“May I take his hands?”
Brynna leaned down and kissed Penny’s forehead.
“Of course, baby.”
Penny literally skipped forward, to where the Warden was on his knees, holding his throat, turning paler by the minute. In a flash, Penny reached out, pulled his arm forward, cracked his wrist, and bit into the flesh between his broken hand and the rest of his arm-bone. She did the same to the other wrist, and without much gusto, she dropped both of his severed hands to the floor as he finally began to cry out. As she walked past Brynna, she said, “So, why did they call him the Lord of War again?” and even as he screamed, I watched his face contort into a look of rage, and he shouted after her, but she grasped my hand and took me over to the wall. As we scaled it in two large jumps, and hurtled ourselves over, I watched as Brynna dropped to her knees in front of the Warden. He was bleeding out, shrieking in rage, in pain, thrashing his stubs at her, wanting to hit her, to choke her, to hurt her, but she simply kneeled, and watched. 
Penny freed Idan first, and they grasped hands, ran forward, and stood at the balcony, watching her.
“Penelope!” James snapped, “Do you mind, sweetheart?!”
“Oh. Sorry, Daddy.” She threw the keys to him, and he began to unlock his chains. I simply watched, and listened as the Warden’s screams became the only ones in the room, as the guards ran after the prisoners, trying to keep order as they scrambled outwards in all directions, realizing that they would soon be resting uncomfortably in watery graves. The Warden fell to his side, pale, almost unresponsive, almost gone forever. 
Her hand jerked out, and from the side, I watched her features morph in a millisecond from a look of calm to a look of the purest, most terrifying rage I had ever seen. Truly, it chilled me to the bone, that look in her eyes. It was the darkest evil, and yet it was born and bred from a place of love, for us, for herself, maybe even for him, a little, but I doubted the last part. Once her hand was on his face, his color returned, however slightly, and hers diminished. She was pumping some of her life force inside of him in order to keep him conscious, and feeling the agony, for just a little while longer.
When Adam’s feet were free, he hurtled himself with ease over the railing and dropped the twenty feet or so into the ring. The Warden was slipping away again, but her hand was still grasping his chin, pumping her health and vitality back into him. She wanted to push him to the brink of death, bring him back, watch him feel the pain we had inflicted upon him, and then push him back to the brink. Rinse, repeat. But Adam came up behind her, threw his arms around her upper body, and pulled her away.
“NO!” She shrieked, fighting him wildly, and James hurled himself over into the ring, too. 
“Watch the children.” Janna told me, and she threw herself over, as well. 
Brynna was not screaming. They were not words, at least. It was merely indecipherable sounds, animal roars, and screeches. Her fangs were dripping; she was salivating as she watched him die. James wrapped his arms around her from behind, too, and together, he and Adam held her back. Janna took the softer approach, by dropping down in front of her, grasping her face, and kissing her gently. 
“Come now, my love. Let him go. It is over. It is all over now, my dearest love.” Janna whispered as she kissed her, and in the same way that I had seen Brynna calm James and Adam by whispering gently and kissing them, I watched as Janna did the same to Brynna.
When her senses returned, it seemed to startle her that Janna was sitting right in front of her. Her mind, before it had switched over to the predatory survival mode, had been so convinced that she and everyone she loved would die that it was a shock to see Janna alive and well in front of her. Her shaking hands came up to brush Janna’s hair away from her face and behind her ear, and her forehead came forward to rest against Janna’s. As her thumbs stroked Janna’s cheeks, she kissed her softly, gently, and Janna cried, and kissed her back.
“I love you.” Janna whispered, “I love you so much.”
“I love you.” Brynna kissed Janna’s cheek, her forehead, her other cheek, and her lips, “I love you.” She turned back to James and Adam and attacked each in turn with her mouth, kissing them wherever she could find, and kissing them hard. As she kissed them, Janna held her from behind, with her arms around Brynna’s middle and her cheek rested against the top of her back, between her shoulder-blades. After a minute, Brynna collapsed against James’s chest, but reached out and pulled Adam so he was embracing her, too.
“We are so strange.” She whispered, and her voice broke as she said, “We are the strangest collection of people it has ever been my greatest privilege to know. Oh, my raven-haired goddess, my handsome devil, and my beautiful king… We are a strange and wonderful bunch, aren’t we?”
And it was then that I saw the four adults I would call my family from then on cry together, and hold each other, and promise that everything would soon be alright. After a few minutes, Idan, Penny, and I jumped down to join their embrace. I ended up wedged against Adam’s torso, but my face was against Brynna’s chest, and in case you haven’t heard, her chest is legendary for being perfect to cry against, which I did. Illa, Rael, and Tony came down to join the hug, and together, we all laughed and cried, because God, we looked ridiculous, but God, it felt good to be alive and whole and together, when we had been sure that we would not be for much longer. 
“Now we just have to figure out…” Brynna whispered through her tears, “How the hell we are going to get off of this ship.”
“Oh, my beauty.” Adam replied, “If we can survive him, we can survive anything.”
And we laughed softly, because it was so true.

Brynna
I will not discuss in detail what happened to me. I will not grant him that power, not even now. I will not lament the irony (and is that even the right word?) of me being assaulted in that way yet again. I will not lament being a statistic, being one of those women who is assaulted once, and then again, and again, and again. It does not make any sense to me, how it could happen to me so many times. Should I not have learned to avoid it? Should I not have foreseen it? Is it an example, in a variation, of course, of “fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me?” Did I deserve to be shamed?
No. The night after it happened, once we were nestled in our Hollow, I laid against Adam, my chest pressed to his chest, my chin angled up so I could look into his eyes in the darkness. My hand was absentmindedly stroking his face, and he was kissing my lips very gently every few minutes. I was so locked into him, the way that only he, James, and Janna could make my mind melt into theirs, how they could always bond us together in body, mind, and spirit in such a way that I forgot all else, and yet I was crying. The tears were falling, but I did not make a sound. I was too proud to sob, but the tears were able to supersede my pride and escape my eyes, totally against my will.
Every ounce of strength inside of me had long since fled, and every time I opened my mouth to speak, I felt as though something were lodged in the back of my throat, choking me, cutting off the words. I did not want to speak. I just did not. But I whispered to him, “Why? And how?” and he knew, in that way my perfect husband always did, exactly what I was asking, and he knew exactly how to answer.
“Because they were evil. Michael, your father, the Warden. They are evil, and that is all. You did nothing to provoke it. You deserve no shame. The only questions that matter are ‘Am I strong? Can I survive?’ And we know that you are strong. We know that you are a survivor through and through, my love. That is all you need to know. That is the only reality that matters: that you did nothing to provoke these men, and that you are strong enough to survive them. I know this about you, Brynna, and you know it, as well.”
I nodded, because I did know. I was in pain. I was sick from all he had done. I was sick with fear at the knowledge that I and my family would suffer at his hands for my betrayal. But Adam would not allow me to shoulder the blame. He would ensure that I knew that I had done nothing, that the violence inflicted upon me was the result of a man’s evil, not weakness on my part or stupidity or whatever “flaw” inside of me would result in it happening not just once, but three times. 
If it has happened to you once, or if it has happened to you more than once, please know that it was not your fault. I remember how that felt, thinking that if it could happen more than once, then clearly, it was a flaw inside of me, or it was God trying to tell me I deserved it, for whatever reason. But it was not my fault, and it was not yours, either. If you suffered this, whether you are man or woman, it was not your fault. You are strong, and you will survive. It is something we know that others do not know; we know we can survive violence, even when it weighs upon us every day, until the day it weighs on us a little less. We know that we can carry the burden for our entire lives. We are strong, and we will survive. 
I never believed, despite ample evidence, more in my ability to survive than when I faced the Warden in the Arena that night. My main concern was ensuring my daughters’ safety, and I was fully prepared to sacrifice myself for them. But Penny and Grace are fighters like me, and they stepped up and fought, and we won. Not only did we win, but we finally did what I had not been strong enough to do on my own. It took the power of three Athenes, standing side by side, grasping hands, to steer the ship into the rocks. More than anything, I had wanted to sink that ship, once it become obvious that we would not simply be sailing away from it in our escape attempt. 
“Alright.” I barked as the roar of the sirens on the wall practically deafened us. We were strolling, me ahead of the pack, and I was ignoring the pain that was still resonating in various points throughout my body despite how Penny had almost completely healed me. We were headed towards where we knew the life rafts were, on the eastern side of the ship, the place that, unfortunately, was turned up towards the sky now that the ship was rolled onto its western side. It was going to be hard, to climb to the top of the ship and deploy the rafts, but we were on fire that night. All of us were pumped up on shared adrenaline, and on our love for each other, and on our relief that we had survived the Warden’s wrath, and on our exhilaration at the idea that soon, we might be free. I say “might” because we did not know if we would survive. Each of us could smell the salt water rising, and knew that with each step, we got closer to where the water was rushing in. 
“This way is blocked off with water already,” I said, “So we’re going to have to climb, and the floor is getting more inverted the closer we get, so prepare your quadriceps, and assess your upper body strength, because we’re going to be pulling ourselves up the walls right about… now.”
We rounded a corner, and it was once we had escaped the dark corridor we were in that we saw how the ship had tilted. It looked like one of those funhouses in which the spinning tunnels churned round and round, disorienting all those who traversed them. We could have tried to walk up the corridor, our feet stepping over the torch fixtures that were still burning, and we would have, had we not heard the door buckling up ahead. 
“Grab a torch!” Adam bellowed and each of us jumped up and grabbed onto separate light fixtures. James and Grace were on the same one, and when the water buckled the door completely and came rushing up the hallway, James locked his legs around her and held on tightly, and thank God or the Gods that he did: The water rushed with such force that she almost immediately lost her grip on the light fixture, and if it were not for him, she would have gone rushing up the hallway.
“Can you swim?!” James asked her over the roar of the water, and she shook her head, trembling terribly as she held onto him, and in her mind, I could see her imagining the smothering of her lungs that she would feel if she were to be submerged in water. “Alright.” He said, “Onto my back, kiddo.”
Adam was holding Janna, who was holding Idan, and I had Penny latched to my back already but Tony, who was holding onto the light fixture with me, was keeping one arm around us both. Rael, Tony, and Rohanna were behind us, all holding the same fixture. 
“You got her, baby?” James asked me, and I nodded. “I can take them both. You want me to take her?”
“No, though I know that you absolutely could take them both, you bull of a man.”
“Hey, if anyone is a bull here it’s you, woman.”
“In stature I am a bull?”
“No. In both strength and stubbornness.”
“Stop before you make me throw myself onto your light fixture so I may kiss you very passionately.”
He laughed and threw himself forward so he could grab the next light fixture. I followed suit, throwing myself forward as the water continued to rush by. Penny’s weight made me sink in the water and lose my grip. I went hurtling backwards into Adam, Janna, and Idan.
“No!” Idan exclaimed as he reached out and grabbed me. Somehow, even though he was just a small boy, he was able to hold me to Adam.
“Buckling!” Adam said, “It’s buckling!”
“Alright. Penny. Come around in front of me.”
I maneuvered her around so she was latched to the front of my chest and brought my knees up so I could hold her between them.
“Hold on tight, baby.” 
She did, and I was able to float my body out and extend my legs so that she could reach the next light fixture. 
“Hold on tight, baby.”
“Mommy, what if I go in?”
“You won’t, sweetie.”
“Look at me, baby.” James said, “Come to me, baby. You can do it.”
“I’m going to go in. I don’t want to go in. I don’t want to go in, Daddy.”
“You won’t, sweetheart. If you fall in, we will catch you.” Janna told her, “I promise, we will catch you.”
“Hang on, baby.” James told Grace, and he began to rappel his way back to get Penny. “Remember what I taught you? In the lake? If you go into the water, look up, find the light, and kick towards it as hard as you can, right?”
“Uh-huh,” Penny nodded, “Please hurry, Daddy, I’m slipping.”
“I’m coming, baby. If you go in, just kick as hard as you can, and once you’re above water, if you get tired, turn onto your back, and you’ll float, right?”
She nodded, and James reached her just as her fingers slipped. Her arms wrapped around his neck, and she cried against his neck as he held her with one arm tightly, breathing a sigh of relief, telling her over and over again, “I’ve got you, I’ve got you, I’ve got you.”
He got her to the other end of the hallway, and put her onto the fixture with Grace. The water was slightly shallower there, and beside the door, it was somehow less forceful.
“Alright, Mama, you next.” James told me, and I frowned at him jokingly even as I reached as far as my arm could reach to grab the next fixture. “I know, I know, you hate me calling you that, but I will not stop. Ever.”
“Good, because it is actually beginning to grow on me.” I told him.
“I am going to stop calling you that at once.”
I giggled, and when he reached out to me, took my hand, and pulled me the rest of the way to him, I wrapped my arms around his neck, and my legs around his torso. We looked at each other, and I found myself beaming despite the terribly perilous situation in which we found ourselves.
“What?” He asked me softly, and I shook my head.
“You are just such a handsome devil. Especially now, when you are being so heroic.”
“You’re heroic. What are you talking about? If anyone is heroic here, it is you, my love.” He leaned in and kissed me, so softly and gently it warmed me despite the arctic chill of the water. “My love,” He whispered and kissed me again, “My love,” His kiss deepened, “My l—”
“Excuse me!” Rohanna shouted, “Could the lovers keep moving, please? My arm is giving out!”
“You interrupted my thing!” James exclaimed, “Our thing! The thing I always say to her! Goddamn it!”
“I got the message, though.” I told him, “Put me over that way with your sexy leg muscles, and I will get the girls through the door.”
“It’s coming in really fast there, baby.”
“It’s alright. I can hold on.”
“I should go first.”
“How are you going to get there?” I asked, “Am I going to put you on my legs and send you over?”
“Baby, I just don’t know if you’re going to be strong enough to…”
“James. I could bench you if I wanted to. Now, stop questioning me and put me over there.”
He sighed heavily and brought his legs up to hold me.
“You are so mean.” He said, “I love it. Are you ready? God, this is never going to work.”
“Just hold me with your legs and push outwards. I am going to swim against the current. It is slowing down now that the water is rising.”
“Don’t talk about the water rising.” Janna begged softly.
“We’re almost there, baby.” I told her, as James pushed me with his feet towards the door. Though I did go under the water, and I heard him exclaim in horror, I resurfaced, holding to the door frame.
“Oh, thank God! We can get up the stairs!” I told them, “Granted, we will be climbing them sideways, but they are practically dry!”
“Hooray!” James exclaimed, “Let’s get everyone onto them.”
“Oh, shut up, James!” 
Grace was extending Penny to me, and very carefully, I pulled her, passed her under the doorway, and held her over my head so I could push her onto the railing that was turned sideways.
“Keep climbing until you’re out of the water, baby.” I told her, “But be careful.”
She began to monkey her way up until she was out of my sight, and once Grace had passed through, she followed in Penny’s footsteps. As Grace reached the top railing, Penny pulled her over with strength so beyond her small body. 
“Get Idan up here!” James called, and slowly, carefully, calculatedly, they passed Idan up to me, and I watched as he scurried up. “Janna. You next, baby.”
Adam brought Janna up, because she could not swim, either, and not only that, but I knew how terrified she was of water. 
“I can do it.” She whispered to him, but her hands would not release his neck, so he pulled them across with her latched to his front.
“Here we are, sweetheart.” He told her, as he passed her to James. 
“I’ve got you, baby. I’ve got you.” James told her as he passed her to me. I reached out, took her desperately reaching hands, and pulled her to me. She latched onto me and I kissed her forehead, feeling her trembling terribly.
“You did it, baby.”
“Is the water higher?”
“It’s alright. Go on. Can you pull yourself up with your shoulder?”
She nodded. 
“I’m less afraid of the pain than I am of the water.”
She had some trouble scurrying up, but she managed it.
“Did you plan to strike above the water-bottom, baby?” James asked me, and I looked at him quizzically, “It’s the fail-safe put into the bottom of a ship to stop it from flooding… Forget it. Engineering talk.”
“I most certainly will not ‘forget it.’ I love it when you talk engineering to me.”
“Well, I’ll have to remember that later.”
“You should.” 
“Illa!” James called, “Come on, sweetie.”
Adam pulled Illa forward, handed her off to James, who handed her off to me, and I put her onto the railing. At the top, Janna pulled her over. By then, the water was almost over my head, but the current was slowing the higher the water rose. James threw himself over to the doorframe and I wrapped my legs around him quickly, in a panic, thinking he was going to get pushed down the corridor by the current, but he had actually grabbed the doorframe in time. 
“Alright. Go on, woman.” Under the water, he patted me twice on the butt, the way he always did when he wanted me to go ahead of him. 
“Adam?” I asked.
“I am right behind you, my love. Go on.”
Seeing how close he, Rael, Tony, and Rohanna were allowed me to relinquish my post to James. I reached as far as I could, and still, James had to push me gently the rest of the way. I pulled myself up, my arms shaking from the effort of holding myself up, and I watched as Rohanna had to duck under the water to get through the doorway, and I began to panic.
“Faster, James!” I told him, as though he did not know that the water was now over their heads. Rael passed under, and my heart pounded rapidly as I waited for Adam and James to pass under the door. The water was rising quickly, and it would soon fill up the sideways stairwell.
“Adam!” I called, “James!”
Just as I had resolved to throw myself back into the water so I could search for them, they ducked under the doorway and threw themselves onto the railing beside me.
“Where the hell were you two?!” I exclaimed, whacking both of them hard in the shoulders.
“Ow! I just hung by my arms for half an hour, woman!” James exclaimed.
“You scared me to death, man!” I gasped out, “Both of you!”
“My light fixture broke, that is all.” Adam told me, “I am sorry, Brynna.”
“I am not talking to either of you for two minutes.” I replied as I began to climb up.
“Well, that is alright. We have the best view down here, anyway.” James said, and I knew that he was watching my ass as I climbed up the railings. I would have scolded him, but I was fighting gravity as I climbed. My back was parallel to the rising water, and on each stair landing, I had to pull myself up and over and then reach up immediately to keep climbing. We were trying to reach the middle floor, to put enough space between us and the water but so as not to exhaust ourselves completely by climbing to the top.
“You got it, Brynn?” James asked.
“Don’t gloat right now. Don’t bring up how I said I could bench you. Just… don’t.”
“Never, sweetheart.” James replied, “Rael!”
“I’m coming down to get her.” Rael said, and he came over the railing and carefully began to climb down.
“No, no! It’s going to be twenty times harder coming down than going up, Ray. I will be fine. I will make it.”
“Just stay right where you are.” Adam called up to him, “Can you reach him, Brynna?” 
“I can.” I answered, but I was so exhausted. My arms were shaking, feeling loose like spaghetti noodles. My breaths were rasping slightly still, because though I had been healed, my lungs were taking longer to catch up to my body. But I forced myself to focus on Rael, to focus on Janna, Grace, Penny, and Idan, who were two floors up from him, as they encouraged me to keep going. 
My head began to turn backwards to see how high up I had come, because for a moment, I believed that I could not make it.
“No, no!” Rael said, “Do not look back, Brynna. Look at me. Keep climbing.”
“How close is the water?”
“You are far ahead. Just keep coming to me.”
“Oh, my Gosh, I am so scared right now.” I whispered, more to myself than to him.
“You are hiding it well. Your heart is hidden from me, even now.” Rael told him, “You are doing beautifully, Brynna Elohimson.”
“Oh, God, Rael, I am scared.” I told him, as I continued to climb, “My arms are giving out. They’re going to give out. I’m going to fall into the water.”
“No. Tony, James, Adam, and Rohanna are behind you, and they will catch you if you fall, and I am here, ready to pull you the rest of the way. You can do this. You have come so far. You have survived too much this night to lose your precious life now. Keep coming to me. Reach up to me.”
I was not close enough yet to reach up to him, but I pulled myself onto the next landing, somehow, even though it hurt, even though once I was lying flat against the landing, I began to actually feel the tears coming down my face. They mixed in with the water that was covering me from when I had been pushing people through the doorway. I could not help thinking how very tragic it would be if I could not make it to the top, if I had survived the Warden and saved my family but could not save myself. But I refused. Far off in the distance, when I cast my eye forward, I could see us all, safe, warm, and happy, and finally free. The possibility of it was distant, but it was there, and it was beautiful. A sob escaped me as I saw it, and then I pushed myself up with my shaking arms, grasped the next railing and began to pull. 
“That’s it, Brynn.” James told me, and he was much closer to me now, “Keep pushing, baby. You’ve got this.”
I did. I could do it. Every time I wanted to drop down, I pushed just a little harder and finally, I reached up, and Rael’s strong hands grasped me, pulled me the rest of the way, and then lifted me up to Janna, Illa, and Grace who pulled me over. They laid me onto the landing, and Janna dropped down beside me and grasped my hand.
“Rest.” She told me softly, “For just a few minutes, you must rest.”
“So tired,” I whispered, so only she could hear, “I am so tired, Janna.”
“I know.” Her lips pressed softly to the backs of my fingers, “I know, my love.” 
“Papa, you must carry her.” Idan told Adam when he came up onto the landing and immediately dropped to his knees beside me. “Or James must.”
“No.” I whispered, and I reached out and gently touched his face. “I can keep going. I have to keep going.”
“No, sweetheart.” Adam said, and he gently stroked my hair, “Let me carry you for a while. Just until we reach the starboard side, where the boats are.”
“No.” I shook my head emphatically, “I have to do this, Adam. I have to. I can’t explain why, but I have to.”
He wanted to argue, but by then, he knew better. He and Janna pulled me onto my feet, and James steadied me when I swayed slightly. My body felt so heavy that I wondered if I was feverish. My lungs were beginning to clear, but still, my breaths hurt. All I wanted was to sleep. I wanted to let James or Adam carry me, but as I had said, I had to walk out of there on my own two feet. And besides, I wanted them to carry Penny and Idan, which they did. 
People were frantically running through the cell-block, though how they were able to move so quickly, when they were walking on the slowly cracking windows and on the closed barred doors, I did not know. The people who had not moved quickly enough to the side of the cellblock that had become the floor were dangling from the railings above us, and I thanked my mind that always thought of all the logistics that I had chosen that particular floor to get off the stairwell, otherwise, we would have ended up higher and looped around so that we were up in the air. The ship had already turned completely onto its side, and soon, the housing department would be flooded once the windows shattered. The sea would storm through, so our group pushed forward quickly, as the morons around us fought and killed each other over stupid possessions in other people’s cells. As we passed mine, Janna, Grace, and Illa’s cell, I watched as two men carted off the box that had once contained the bracelet my mother had gotten me. Clearly, they hadn’t opened it to find it empty, or else they would not have taken it. The bracelet was around my wrist, and my wedding ring was around my neck. I had all the personal possessions I needed. They could pilfer everything else. 
“Is something cracking?” Illa asked, “Do you all hear that?”
We all looked back, and there, at the end of the row, closest to the door through which we had just come strolling, was a particularly violent crack spreading across the glass. As the ship tilted further, going belly up, the pressure on the supposedly indestructible windows increased, and soon, they would all shatter, and flood the housing compartment. Even one window shattering…
“Time to run.” James told us, “Once one goes, they all go.”
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“Engineer, baby.” He said, grasping my elbow, “Let’s go.”
As people continued to fight over what they were finding in the cells, and as some just turned back at the sound of the cracking to see what was causing the sound, we and a few other groups ran for the doors. Illa was pushed sideways by two men getting into a particularly nasty row over what looked like a diamond necklace, and Janna, reacting instantly, grasped Illa’s arm, pulled her from the fray, and smashed one man’s head against the metal siding, all in the space of one second. Then, she grasped Illa’s hand and ran with her, helping her dodge and jump, which was needed, especially once we heard the rushing water shattering those windows one by one.
Adam and Tony were the first to reach the door, but they hung back, waving us through and counting to make sure that all nine of us made it through before they followed in behind us. I stood in the doorway, watching as they came through, as it took the combination of both of their strengths to pull the iron door shut and bolt it. Before they did, though, I saw that water. Even more intimidating than what we had seen in the hallway (and that had been pretty damn intimidating), was the roaring, crashing, raging monster that was rushing through the housing compartment. That space was the biggest, spanning five stories, with about two hundred cells per story, and yet the water consumed half of that space before I could even blink. It seems obvious, that the ocean water would rush in quickly and consume the place, but to see it there before my eyes, to see the raw power of it, the mercilessness of it, the awesome, terrifying rage of it, took my breath away. A word came back to me: “sublime.” It means what most think it means; it does mean so beautiful and amazing that it inspires awe. But, at least in the philosophical sense, something that is sublime is beautiful, but also terrifying. It inspires awe, but it also inspires fear, and in that mixture, it breeds an attraction, a desire of the eye to look despite the fear. God, nothing I had seen so far had fit that description more aptly than that rush of water.
But Adam and Rael closed the door, blocking my eyes, at least temporarily, from that onslaught. 
“Are you alright, my beauty?” Adam asked, stopping for a moment to grasp my face. 
I nodded.
“We are racing time here, Adam, and we are not far ahead.” I informed him, “It is not just the water, or the ship turning, but there are others headed for the boats. We have to get there before they do.”
“I know.” He kissed my forehead, “I know, sweetheart. Come on.”
His fingers entwined with mine, and we continued up the hallway, hand in hand, which was good, because now, as we walked on the walls that had become the floor, overstepping the light fixtures, I could feel the sea rocking beneath us, and all of us began to stumble as we went. The ship gave a particularly nasty rumble that made me think we had scraped more rock, and Adam stumbled into me. Just like I had all those years ago in Shadow Forest, I steeled my body, fortifying it to support his weight, and caught him before he fell. Immediately, he righted himself, and we continued charging forward, trying to reach the guard’s quarters.
“James!” I called, “Are we getting close?”
“Yeah, we’re almost there. The hard part is going to be climbing up.”
“Climbing up?” 
“We’re going to have to climb onto the side of the ship where the lifeboats were. That side is the side that’s up.”
“How the hell are we going to do that?” Rohanna asked.
“Well,” James said, “With a little luck, some divine intervention, and more than likely by making a human pyramid.”
“How much longer until the ship flips completely over, do you think, sweetheart?” Janna asked.
“I’d say about a half hour.” James replied, “If that. The water compartments are filling up, and hopefully that will keep us righted for a little while longer. Once the ship goes belly up, though…”
“Yeah. The lifeboats flip over into the water, and we are out of luck, correct?” I asked.
“Yeah, at that point, we’ll be swimming.”
“Swimming where?”
“I don’t know. Let’s cross that bridge when we come to it.”
“A bridge would solve the whole problem.” Illa said huffily, and Grace, despite the rather gloomily perilous situation, chuckled softly to herself at Illa’s sarcasm.
“Here it comes!” Adam said, because up the hallway, we heard the door buckle and give in. 
“In here!” James reached up and pulled himself into one of the guard’s rooms. Janna handed Penny and Idan to him, and then boosted Grace and Illa up next. 
“Look at you go, Queen Janna.” I said to her admiringly.
“Shut up, and put your foot in my hand.”
“You just want to lift me so you can grab my ass.”
“Of course, darling.” As she lifted me into James’s arms, she did pinch one side of my butt, which caused me to yelp in surprise and nearly twitch out of James’s grasp, but he managed to hold me and pull me up. When Adam lifted her up to us, she was still giggling. Rohanna was next, and then Adam, Tony, and Rael came up. The water came rushing by, but it was not yet high enough to rise up through the doorway just yet. 
“Shit!” James exclaimed, and we all looked back at him, wide-eyed, because if he was afraid, then surely, he had good reason, because he had been so in control before.
“What?” I asked.
“Windowless room. Some of the lower ranking guards had windowless rooms. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!”
“You didn’t glance inside to check if the room had a window first, Maxwell?” Adam asked snippily.
“No. I heard you shouting that the water was coming, and I jumped into the closest room. Sorry I didn’t scout it out first, but you made it sound like there was an emergency.”
“Obviously, it was an emergency. Would you like to look down? The water is beginning to come into the room. Soon it will fill up this space, and we will be floating within it, because you chose a room with no windows.”
“Will you shut up?! Just let me think.”
“Oh, now you decide to think.”
“Would you like to scout out the mission next time? Would you like to lead the charge, Adam?”
“Well, Maxwell, it is looking increasingly less likely that there will be a next time, doesn’t it?”
I watched them go back and forth, my head turning between them as they jockeyed their insults and accusations back and forth. Finally, I walked over, looked down into the hallway from where we had just come. I was standing with my feet on either side of the doorframe, staring down into the rushing green water that was so black it looked bottomless. The sight scared me; I remembered the dreams I used to have as a child where I was walking out to sea (for no discernible reason, mind you), and would suddenly slip off of the sandbank into the dark and treacherous waters beyond, and I could feel a dark presence ahead of me—perhaps it was a shark or a particularly nasty squid, or perhaps it was the fanged squid serpents we had been so unfortunate to encounter in the river our first year on Pangaea. As I stared down into the dark abyss, I could not know what was down there. For all I knew, there was some dark creature awaiting me. 
“Why don’t you say that a little louder?” James was saying, “Get the kids all riled up? Why don’t you tell them that you think this is it?”
“Well, why don’t you tell them? Oh, wait. You just did!”
“Janna?” I asked, “Sweetheart?”
“What, honey?”
“Hand me that glowstick-looking thing right there.”
“Alright. Why? Are you going to blast them over their heads with it? While I can very easily lift you, I do not think that I will be able to carry either my husband or your husband on my back should you knock them both unconscious.” 
I cracked the light-stick, grinned at her, and then dropped down into the water without another word. Far above me, even through the rushing torrent, I heard her scream. 
The water was not rushing as strongly as it appeared to be rushing while I watched it from the inverted doorway. My mind was more than likely making it appear worse than it was. My anxiety was allowing me to see it as monstrous when really, it was just dark water strolling along like a slightly risen stream. My heart pounded in my ears as I swam, and my teeth clenched hard around the light-stick so that it lit my way. When I saw the bodies floating around me, converging on me from the sides of the hallway, or drifting across my path, I exclaimed in horror and would dodge, trying to hold my breath for as long as I could but feeling my chest begin to tighten unbearably every time I stifled a scream. 
One of the corpse’s hands tangled into my hair, and my scream garbled out in bubbles and a sound contorted by the water. The light-stick dropped from my mouth, and as my lungs gave their final screeches for air, their final pleas, I could not stop to pick it up again, so I began to kick with the remnants of my strength, and to pull myself forward, my fingers clawing the water, pulling me forward until finally, above me, I saw darkness that could only be another room, and when I thrust myself up into that darkness, I found myself in a guard’s quarters, and not only that, but it was a guard’s quarters with a window. It was not the room I was looking for, though, so once I caught my breath, I ducked back down under the water and kicked and clawed through the torrent again, swimming under bodies contorted into grotesque, contortionist poses by the force of the waves, dodging reaching arms and twisted legs, until I resurfaced in yet another room. This one had a window, and when I looked at the door that was floating against the wall, I saw the words that made my heart surge: “Fire Marshall.”
“Yes!” I gasped out as I pulled myself up onto the wall beside the door. The water was halfway up the side of the room now, and I knew that we were running out of time. Where they were, the water was more than likely a little bit lower because it was further away from where the water was flowing in, but still, I had to be quick; my power told me that all but two of the lifeboats were gone, and if we did not hurry, we would find ourselves up a river of excrement without a propelling device, or, a more fitting metaphor, aboard a sinking ship without a life-saving flotation vessel. Panting and wheezing, I ran into the closet until I found the glass case that held the fire axe. Feeling like Rose from Titanic, I ran at the wall and swung hard. My superhuman strength had never been more useful. Despite my physical exhaustion, I was still able to hack a particularly large hole into the shiny mahogany walls. 
“Come on.” I urged myself breathlessly, “Come on!” I swung, and my arms shuddered and shook, begging to give in, but I swung again. I swung and swung and swung, until finally, I could push through the small space into the next room, the one that was right next to where the rest of them were. My lungs were screaming, my arms were shaking so badly that I feared I would accidentally hack myself with the damn axe, and my legs were numb from being submerged in the frigid water. But I kept swinging and hitting, until I disconnected my mind from my body, and saw myself in a side-view. I was soaked to the bone, my hair was dripping, my lips were beginning to turn blue, but God or Gods, I was a beast with that axe. As the electrical circuits in the room began to pop, and sparks began to fly behind me, I watched as I somehow found the strength to hit even harder. Perhaps it was the fear of electrocution, or perhaps it was because the water was up to my waist now, or perhaps it was because I had, totally by my instinct and without consciously acknowledging it, kicked my leg backwards into the heavy wooden desk six times to keep it from sliding into me and pushing me over, but the strength that welled up in me made me feel more alive than I had felt in a long time, or perhaps ever. 
It also made me slightly delirious, so when the hole that I had hacked into the wall became big enough, and I saw the ten of them standing there, looking utterly shocked—mouths totally agape, eyes opened to their farthest reaches—I dropped the axe to my side, and began to laugh so hard that I had to hold my stomach.
“Oh, my stars…” I gasped out, as the tears leaked from my eyes, mixing with the water dripping from me. “I looked so very cool a moment ago. Like Lara Croft: Tomb Raider-cool. Like Ripley from Alien-cool. Now look at me! I am Jack Nicholson, The Shining-crazy. Hacking down walls and laughing…”
Penny was the first one who came pushing through the space, and she threw her arms around my middle.
“Up, baby.” I told her, and she scurried up my torso until she was latched to my chest and could burrow her face in my neck. 
“Brynna…” Adam began to say, but he could not muster even the slightest hint of scolding in his voice, though he knew that he should scold me for endangering my life so blithely. Gently, he took the axe from my hand as James came up, put both of his hands on my face, and kissed me. 
“God, you are so rash and impulsive and terrible and… you fucking gave me a heart attack.”
“James!” I exclaimed, before gesturing with my eyes to Penny.
“Don’t say that word, Penny.” 
“I won’t. Potty-mouth.”
James kissed her head and then mine.
“Well, it was either listen to you boys bicker until the moment of our death, or take matters into my own hands.”
“Damn.” Tony said as he started to push through the wall, “Damn, you psycho. You hacked through two fucking walls, didn’t you?”
“Yes, I did, best friend.” I replied, “I had to do something, didn’t I?”
“God, you’re fucking scary.” He told me, “I love it.”
“Tony! Language!”
“Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Hey, James! The water rising is actually good for us!” He called to James across the room, “I can get through the window with a few more inches.”
“Do you gotta break it, man?” He asked.
“Probably.”
“Look out.” Adam said, and he swam forward, raised the axe, and began to push it up into the glass. “Come here.” He handed the axe to James, lifted me easily over his head, and placed me on his shoulders. James handed the axe up to me, and I began to whack at the glass on the window.
“Moving, sweetheart.” Adam told me, and I grasped the top of his head with one hand as he moved sideways a few steps and hopped up onto one of the desks that had come floating by. Once we were up higher, Adam was not in danger of becoming submerged with me on his shoulders, and I had better leverage against the window. Finally, the glass shattered, and the window crashed out of its frame. Adam pulled us out of the way by jumping off the desk and into the water. 
The window was large, but not large enough that if we all just stood under it, the water would raise us up and push us all through. Inevitably, some of us would be on the sides of the window, and once the water had risen that high, and we were stuck, there was no accounting for whether we’d be able to keep our wits about us and claw our way through the window. 
“Brynn!” Tony shouted, and when I looked, I saw him swimming out of the guard’s bedroom, a long string of sheets ripped up and tied together around his neck.
“Are we going to hang ourselves?! Tony, we have made it so far!” I told him, and he splashed me. “Don’t!”
“Oh, you’re not wet already? My apologies. Adam, can you get her through there?”
“If I throw her like a football, then yes.” 
“Even if I stand on your shoulders, I’m not going to be able to reach, Adam. So yes, you’ll have to throw me like a football. Throw me. Then throw Penny, Idan, Illa, and Grace.”
Grace and Penny were clinging to James, who was holding them off to the side, where the three of them were standing on an overturned dresser.
“You got it, Captain!” James told me, and as Adam lifted me into his arms, cradling me first. I found myself smiling. 
“For what is that smile?” He asked me quizzically, with a small smile of his own.
“Delirium, more than likely.” I replied, “The possibility of freedom. How sexy you look when you are soaking wet.”
Very quickly, because the others were distracted, he kissed me. Though the touch of our lips was quick, the feeling that surged through me was not. Long after his lips had left my lips, I still felt it. Even as he threw me upwards, and I grabbed the frame around the window, I could still feel the warmth of his kiss, and at first, that comforted me, until I began to feel the dark Knowing approaching me. My hand had sunk through a broken piece of glass, but I felt no pain, and I tried to tell myself that I was mostly delirious from all that had happened that night, but I knew that the reason why I was feeling that way was because my love for him—for all of them, actually—and my fear for our lives had led me to ask if we would survive, and because I had shouted the question, God or the Gods had begun to answer. Cryptically, he or she or they or it answered, but even cryptically, the outlook was dark. 
Finally, the prophecy came full circle.
The one you have loved the longest will die.
The one you have loved most dangerously will flee.
It is simple, and it is written.
The last two lines were very new, and very unpleasant.
That was it. That was all I heard and felt. It rattled through me, and even as I pulled myself up onto the side of the boat, even when I breathed in the frigid, fresh, cleansing sea air, I still felt utterly ill over the sight of it, over hearing those words rattling in my mind. Once up there, I stared out at the infinite expanse. At the moonlight glowing on the water, at the thin pitch-black line that stretched, perfectly straight, marking the farthest point I could see. The darkest evil has not yet even broken the horizon, He had told me. I looked back into the hole, to where they were all looking up at me, the water up to the chests of the two tallest people—Adam and Tony—in the room. 
“Throw it.” I said, but my voice was quieter, and when my eyes met Adam’s, he knew that I had seen something terrible. I shook my head very slightly as I caught the tied-together sheets. I wrapped the end I was holding in my hands around my back and dropped the other end down to them. Like a champ, Tony had perfectly calculated just how long the rope needed to be. 
“Alright, Idan coming up!” Illa shouted to me, because she was standing on the desk where the rope had fallen. She lifted Idan easily onto the rope, but Idan, being so small, could not climb up; he would not have that kind of upper body strength until he had aged at least a few more years. So I unlooped the rope from around me and began to pull him up.
“Hold on tight, baby.” I told him, and just as I had swung that axe despite the unbearable pain in my arms, I pulled Idan to me. Once he was up with me, he threw his arms around my neck and clung to me. His little body was shivering terribly, and I kissed his forehead and his cheek, telling him we were almost there. We were so close. It was only going to be a little while longer. 
“Hold onto me, baby.” I told him as I threw the rope back down. 
“How are you doing up there, sweetheart?” James shouted to me. 
“Just keep sending them.”
Penny clung to the rope, I pulled her to me, biting my lip to suppress the moan of pain I could feel brimming in the back of my throat. Idan unlatched himself from me, turned, and grabbed the rope. Even the slight help of his small arms was enough to take some of the edge off of my pain. I laughed, somewhat hysterically, because the relief that flooded through me felt so good. When Penny reached the top, she saw Idan helping, and she immediately grabbed the rope to help us pull Grace up. Grace placed her hands on the rope, and together, the four of us pulled Janna up. 
“Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow…” She was saying when we brought her up, because though she had not climbed, and though she was using her leg muscles to hold onto the rope, she had been abusing her injured shoulder quite a bit that night, and even holding onto the rope as we brought her up put significant strain onto it. 
“I’ll give you a massage later.” I told her as she stood beside me and helped me loop the rope around us and Grace. 
“No, ma’am.” She replied, “I will be giving you a massage later.”
“Perhaps we should just order the boys to give us both massages.” 
“Yes. Is that not why we have them both?”
I chuckled.
“Indeed. Ready?”
“Ready.”
The three of us huddled together and wrapped the ropes around our backs, because the rest of them could surely climb. 
“Alright, we’re sending Illa!”
“What?!” She asked, “No, I am working the rope.”
“No, you’re going, kiddo.” James said, “Go.”
“Illa!” I shouted, “Don’t argue. Let’s go!”
“God!” Illa growled as she grasped the rope and began to climb, “My one chance not to be a bitch, to be heroic… Stolen.”
Beside me, Grace giggled rather hysterically, and I looked at her, brows furrowed. Despite how mean Illa was to her (Illa was unpleasant to anyone who was not Tony, Janna, or me), Grace always found the humor in her. Whenever Illa made even the slightest cutting remark, or if she ever said anything in that dry sarcastic tone of hers, Grace would laugh. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say she…
No. No way.
“You got the next one.” James told Illa as we began to pull her up.
“Yeah, right.” Illa called down to him, “The next one, you will say the ‘next one.’”
The water was rising fast, but together, we were faster, and together, we pulled everyone through the window onto the side of the ship. 
“Well, she hasn’t gone belly up yet.” I told James.
“Yeah, looks like she’s going down sideways. Thank God. Someone did at least one thing right in designing this bitch.”
The lifeboat we found (because there was only one left) had flipped over, and was dangling from only one or two wires. Adam, Rael, Tony, and James were able to flip it back over easily and unfasten it, and then, just like that, our freedom became not just some abstract concept but an actual, foreseeable, highly likely reality. 
The lifeboats were not the open canoe-like vessels that had been used back in the day on Earth. They were not fancy, but they were covered, and under the covering, it was actually quite spacious, as it was designed to transport at least ten more people than we had. At the bow of the boat, it was open, and that was where the steering wheel was located, and in the back of the ship, there was a motor and the propeller.
“Oh, great. Now all we need is for it to be out of gas.” James said.
“Don’t even joke like that.” Grace said as I helped her step onboard.
“I do not think he is joking.” 
James and Adam moved to the front of the ship and waited for Rael and Tony to push us off of the Lapsarian’s side into the water. 
“Everyone hold on!” They said, because the drop was rather significant, and because it was significant, it was quite unpleasant. Tony and Rael pushed with all their might, and then just before we went over, they hopped into the boat and rode the drop down with us. Penny and Idan screamed, and I could not decipher at first if it was scared screaming, or if it was exhilarated screaming, but when they clapped afterwards, and I saw their beaming smiles and listened as they laughed hysterically, I could not help but look at Janna and shake my head incredulously, but we both could not help but laugh with them, as well.
“At least two of us are having fun.’ She said.
“Is this not fun?” I asked, “I happen to be having a ball, Janna Maxwell.”
“Oh, are you?” She asked, “Well, I am glad. I feel quite nauseous after that terrible descent.”
“Put your head between your knees.”
“That’s for dizziness!” Illa told me with a slight laugh.
“Thank you, child of Dr. Miletus, with your inherited medical knowledge.” I replied, “James! Adam! Is it working?”
They were trying to get the engine to turn over, and my apprehension grew more sickening as the moments of listening to the engine sputter terribly continued. 
“Come on, you son of a bitch!” James exclaimed, and I heard him pounding his fist against the steering wheel.
“Yes, why don’t you hit it? That will surely solve the problem. In engineering school, did they teach you that machinery responds to tempestuous tantrums, physical violence, and swearing?”
“Adam!” I scolded him, “James! Don’t make me come up there!”
Believe it or not, that was all it took. They did not speak, but they continued trying to get the boat working. Finally, when the engine roared to life, I threw aside the plastic covering keeping us separated from the outside, and said, “See how well things go when you two work together? I am so proud of both of you!”
“Shouldn’t you be sleeping?” James asked me, half-seriously, half-jokingly. I jumped up, pushed my way through the plastic, and wrapped my arms around his middle from behind him. Standing on my tiptoes, I kissed the back of his neck, and then smiled when I felt one of his hands begin to rub my arm that was around his abdomen.
“Did they find spare clothes in there? They are supposed to be a lot of spare clothes. And blankets.” He said, “You need to go get changed.”
“I will. I just want to watch it go.”
“Watch what go?”
“The ship. The Lapsarian. I have spent twenty-five years of my life here, James. I think I am entitled to watch it disappear beneath the waters it has traveled for all of these years.”
“I absolutely think you have earned that right.” Adam agreed, “I think we all have.”
James looked between the two of us, and then turned the steering wheel so that the front end of the boat was facing the sinking ship, and then he put the boat into Reverse.
“Agreed.” He said. 
And so the three of us stood, me standing in between them with my arms linked around their middles, and them standing with their arms draped over my shoulders, as we watched the ship we had called home sink deep below the water. The night was dark and gray, and at one end of the ship, we could see tiny men shooting flares up into the night sky. We watched as the flying red light exploded into a million stars, and as we watched, the ship finally succumbed, taking those little toy men with it. 
A weight lifted inside of me. I felt so light after that ship had sunk that I almost expected to see some physical embodiment of that weight hovering above me in the air. A sigh escaped me, and my shoulders relaxed, and I pictured the Warden’s body, floating among the bodies of the imprisoned and the guards, both lowly and noble. I pictured the bodies of the Old Spirits, the Red Anarchy, and the Unallied, all dead and floating in the black expanse of the sea, no one more noble or moral or evil or good than the man or woman beside him. All the shells of the children of the One God, or the Gods, intermixing in death. We were alive, we had survived. Against all odds, against every belief of every enemy we had, we were alive. The Warden who had ruled us all had perished, and we had lived; the inmates who had wished us harm each day had perished, and we had lived, and God or Gods, it felt better than even I could have imagined it.
***
Adam and Rael took up steering for the night, because only they could make sense of the maps that we had found in the driver’s compartment of the lifeboat. After Janna had sorted out the sizes of the spare clothes, we begin to get everyone changed. Grace, of course, was too embarrassed to change out in the open, even with all of us turned in different directions, so Janna stood beside her with a towel stretched out and ordered me to take the other towel and do the same while Illa got Penny and Idan dressed. 
“I just don’t…” Grace started to explain embarrassedly, but Janna shushed her.
“It is alright, darling. Regardless of your mean mother’s judgmental looks, we all understand.”
I looked at her, frowning, but Grace seemed calmer. Janna mimicked my look of irritation, and then her face broke into her beautiful smile, and I could no longer be irritated.
“Go change, my darling.” Janna told me, as I helped her get the kids settled in for the night. They were going to sleep beside her, because though there were thin blankets and even thinner pillows, we would all be warmest if we slept with at least one other person. Rohanna, Tony, and Rael were huddled together in the far corner of the ship, closest to the “bathroom” (and I say that in quotes because the bathroom was essentially an indoor outhouse, and just like any outhouse, indoor or outdoor, it prompted me to ask many questions about the mechanics of it all to James, who always teased me on my interest in the subject), and Illa and Grace, weirdly enough, were making temporary peace in the other corner, though Illa made a point to say, “I know it is quite tempting, but you had better not dare to touch my ass.” 
“Okay.” Grace had replied timidly, “I won’t.”
Janna had laughed very softly at that, and I frowned at her again.
“I know that laugh. It’s Janna’s ‘I know something you don’t know’-laugh.”
“What?” She asked innocently, “Whatever could you mean?”
“Whatever could I mean?” I repeated, mimicking her posh Pangaean accent, which made her laugh again, this time just her regular ‘Janna is entertained’-laugh, the one that warmed me through and made me absolutely have to kiss her. 
“Listen, you contemptuous but not altogether unpleasant grouch,” She said, “I know nothing that you do not know. Why? Because you are an Athene, and I am an Ares, and though I can read the secrets of this heart…” She reached out and walked her fingers lightly over my heart, “I cannot read the secrets of the universe. So, see? I am not laughing because I know something that you do not know. Your accusations are unfounded.”
“Alright. I totally believe you. You manipulative but not altogether unlovable liar.” I replied sarcastically, and she chuckled again.
“Well, good. Now kiss me and get out of here so I can get these children asleep.”
“Fine. Fine.” I replied as I leaned in to kiss her again. Her eyes that had been very dark indigo all night lit up right then, returning to their normal bright shade of beautiful icy blue. A smile that I could not fight spread across my lips as I watched the color change; truly, I never got tired of watching the eyes of those I loved shift over to different colors. It was a sight so intriguing, I could not tear my gaze away from it if I tried. It was so beautiful, I found myself struck dumb by it. It was as alluring to the eye as a master symphony is to the ear, and when it was Janna’s eyes, it might as well have been a master symphony composed by Mozart himself. Her beauty stunned me, every day, without fail, even after so many years. 
“What?” She asked me softly, even though I knew by the slight flush of her pale white cheeks that she already knew. But one thing I had learned was that regardless of whether they knew, it was still nice to hear it said, so I answered. 
“You are just so beautiful, Janna.” I told her, “I know you have heard it one million times…”
“But hearing it from you is better than every one of those times.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yes, really.”
“Well, good.” I kissed her again, a little deeper, “I love you.”
“I love you.”
I kissed Penny’s head.
“And I love you.”
I kissed Idan’s head.
“And I love you.”
They began to doze off, and I stood up, shocked by how not tired I was. On the ship, as I was fighting our way out, I had been so tired, and in so much pain, that I had wanted to lie down and just let fate have its way with me. But now, though every part of my body still felt heavy and strained, I could not sleep. The dark Knowing I had seen on the ship was weighing on me, but more than that, I was feeling through the universe that Tyre knew his ship was gone. His brother was gone. His fallen men and women were gone before they could be redeemed. I was gone. To his knowledge, we had all perished, and the thought of that exhilarated me. As James changed his clothes, I crept out through the plastic into the front of the boat where Adam was standing at the steering wheel and pressing the pedal down as far as it could go.
“My beauty, you should be sleeping.” 
“I will sleep when I am dead, as they say.”
“People say that?”
“Yes. You don’t think it’s clever?”
“It is quite clever. Now that I think about it. Hmm…” He shrugged, “I shall have to remember that one.”
“Do you want me to bring you a blanket? It’s freezing out here.”
“No, darling. It is bracing.” He thumped his chest with his fist, and I chuckled. I leaned against the railing of the ship, and he kicked a lever underneath the pedal that kept it pressed down permanently, and then he locked the steering wheel so it would keep the boat going straight. As the boat continued forward, he walked over to me, closed the space between us, and kissed me. His lips pressed to mine so gently, and yet he apologized.
“I am not fragile. I am not going to break, Adam.”
“I know.” He told me softly, “You know that I know, sweetheart. I know that you are so strong.”
“I am.” I looked up at him and grasped his stubble-covered cheek, “And you are my mountain man.”
“Oh, don’t remind me. My hair very much needs one of your perfect cuts.”
“I am quite good at them, aren’t I? I told my parents I wanted to go to cosmetology school on Earth, because they told me they would not pay for my college, and because I have always been quite good at styling hair and applying makeup. They said that was an embarrassment. It was a thriving business, though. I mean, my stars, without her hair and makeup team, my mother looked like a chain-smoking, drug-taking, alcoholic harpy instead of just acting like one.”
“From what I heard, Lara Olivier was very beautiful.”
“The glory of styled hair and skilled makeup application, my sweet, naïve man.”
“I have seen you without the glory of styled hair and skilled makeup application, and you are divine.”
I giggled at that, covering my mouth to stifle the sound, because I did not want to wake up whoever was possibly falling asleep inside.
“You are lying, and you do not even have to anymore. My stars, Adam, we have been married for how many years now?”
“Twenty… four? I do believe a new year has begun.”
“Yes. Twenty-four years. You do not have to lie to me.”
“Well, luckily, I am not lying. You truly are beautiful to me no matter what. Even when you are charging through walls with an axe, dripping wet, covered in blood, and obviously cold to the bone. Rather, I should say ‘especially’ when you are charging through like that.”
I laughed again, and stood on my tiptoes to kiss him.
“Can I tell you something random?”
“Absolutely. You may tell me whatever you want to tell me, always.”
“Okay. I love that you have to dip your head down to kiss me. I do not know why that thought struck me. It just did. When you did it just now. I just love it. It makes me all weak in the knees, as they say.”
He chuckled at that.
“See, now when I do it, I will be unable to stop myself from being amused.”
“I hate it, actually.” I told him instantly, deadpan, and he laughed a little harder.
“Well, now I will be even more amused when I do it.”
I whacked him lightly in the chest and frowned.
“You are so rude to me!”
“I am sorry. I am sorry. Here.” Gently, he pressed his hands onto both of my shoulders so I was flat on my feet instead of on my tiptoes. My head went from being level with his neck to being level with his chest, and gently, he placed his finger under my chin and lifted my head so I was looking at him. Then, he dipped his head down to kiss me the way I so loved him to do. As our lips caressed, I laughed softly, and my arms wrapped around his back to hold him tight. 
“This world has never felt as limitless as it does right now.” I told him, and he pulled away slightly so he could look at me. “We’re free, Adam. Can you believe it?”
“No.” He said, shaking his head, “Not yet. But by the One God, we are free, aren’t we? We are nowhere near safe, but we are free.”
“And I will take being free and endangered over being imprisoned and endangered.”
“As will I.” His hands grasped my face as he kissed me, and then came down my neck to rest on my shoulders, which he massaged. “By the One God, woman… You are going to be sore in the morning.”
“So will Janna.”
“Well, I suppose Maxwell and I will just have to dote upon the two of you.”
“Yeah, we will.” James came through the plastic, “But before I dote on you, I am going to boss you around, and you’re going to snap at me, and give me your sass, and make me cry inside, but I am going to insist: You need to sleep, baby. Like, right now.”
“But I’m not tired, James.” I whined.
“Oh. Whining. That’s different.”
“Don’t condescend me, James.”
“Ah! See! You are tired. Because I happen to remember a little grammatical maven telling me that you cannot ‘condescend’ someone. You can use condescension. You can be condescending. But you cannot condescend, at least not in this context.”
I gaped at him, wondering how in the world he could possibly remember that, but then, I realized… He was right.
“Touché.” I said, and he pretended to stumble back several steps. 
“What?” He asked emphatically.
“Shut up, James.” I said, and I rose onto my tiptoes to kiss Adam again. “When you get tired, wake someone up so you can get some sleep.”
“Of course, my love. Go get some rest.”
I sighed.
“Fine.” 
He sighed.
“Thank you.”
I looked between the two of them, fighting a smile.
“You two are so mean to me.”
They both laughed at that, though I cannot say they shared the laugh. Their laughs were decidedly separate, but I did not care. I was too exhausted to care.
James and I went back under the roof of the boat, and thankfully, everyone was fully asleep. I suppose it was easy for them; the ship had sunk, taking all the guards with it (we hoped) who might have pursued us. We were all totally exhausted, from our fight against the water, the guards, and the other prisoners, and from the mental strain our fight had taken. Rael and Tony were snoring away, and Rohanna was sleeping beside them, her mouth open but her breaths nearly silent. Idan and Penny were burrowed against both of Janna’s sides, and she was asleep with her head rested on top of Penny’s. Grace and Illa were asleep, Grace with her arms draped over Illa’s side, and upon closer inspection in the darkness, I saw that Illa’s hand was clasping Grace’s. If I didn’t know any better, I would think…
“Here, sweetheart.” James handed me a change of clothes, and gratefully, I took them. Immediately, I began to shed my still damp clothes, and with them off, I actually felt warmer. 
“Are you dizzy, baby? Are you seeing black spots or anything?”
“Well, it is dark, James.” I replied, “I am seeing darkness.”
“Your lips have been blue since you took your little dive on the ship, and you’ve been shivering this whole time.”
“Have I? I did not notice.”
“Well, I did.” Delicately, he placed his hand on the curve of my side, right above my hip. “That okay?”
I nodded, but my eyes were closed, and my brows were furrowed slightly in pain. 
“How about here?” His hand came around in front of me and pressed to my stomach so he could gently pull me back to him.
“I am fine in both places.”
“It still hurts.”
“Does it not still hurt you?”
“Sometimes.” 
“Well, it only hurts sometimes for me, as well. Hey…” I turned to him, stood on my tiptoes, and kissed him. “Do not worry about me. I can see that you are very perturbed about something. Your mind is racing a mile a minute, and your thoughts are strangely blurred.”
“You know you aren’t supposed to be in my thoughts.” He said, but his irritation was lackluster.
“I know. But while you are worrying about me, I am worrying about you. Something is troubling you.”
“Oh, you mean besides the fact that when Tyre has his men scour that wreckage and pull out the bodies, and he discovers that we aren’t among the dead, he is going to come after us? You mean besides the fact that we just almost died as the ship went down? You mean besides the fact that you…”
“That I what, James? That I fought us out of there while you and Adam bickered?”
“No. But I mean, I guess I should add that, too.”
“My stars… God or Gods, James…” I sighed, and my irritation was not lackluster.
“No, it’s not because it was you who was fighting us out of there. It’s not because you’re a woman, and I’m a man, so I think that I should have been the big hero. Don’t make this like that, because that’s not it.”
“Well, then what is it, James?”
“I…” He stopped, shook his head, and looked at me, “No. Not here, baby. Not when you’re exhausted. And not when we’re standing right here, and he can hear us. Not when you need to be resting.”
“Oh, will you two stop telling me I need to rest? Why don’t you two just whisk me away to a country home and lock me in the attic with the yellow wallpaper?”
After a second of silence between us, during which his brows furrowed and he looked slightly irritated but very confused, he asked very incredulously:
“What?” 
“Simple explanation: I am more than capable of deciding when it is time for me to rest, thank you so much.”
“No, clearly, you aren’t.” He said, “Come on. You are literally swaying right now on your feet, and your shoulders are so tense, it feels like you’re ossified under there. Baby, please don’t fight me on this. Please.”
“You want to tell me that you cannot ‘share me’ with Adam. ‘Share me.’ Like I am a toy. Like I am not the one in charge here.”
“Don’t, baby. Let’s talk about this once we get to where we’re going.”
“We have no idea where we’re going, so no, I think we are going to have this conversation now.”
“Brynna.” He said, in that firm tone he always used when I was being unnecessarily stubborn, “I am not going to say that I want to end things. I am not going to say that I want you to choose. But it is really hard for me. What did you expect, baby? Huh? Did you expect us all to live together? Did you expect for me to feel alright watching you kiss him and touch him and hold him, and then have you turn around and kiss me and touch me and hold me? Did you expect this ever to be harmonious?”
“I did, James, and do you know why? Because you told me it would be. You said that if it would make me happy, you would do it.”
“Yeah, and that is what he said, too, I know. But it’s bullshit, baby. He wants you all to himself, and I want you all to myself. Bottom line. End of story. That’s how it is. He can tell you that he wants you to be happy, but that’s easy for him to say when it’s his ring on your finger!”
“Is that what this is about? God, James, I never thought of that. You had proposed to me, and I accepted. I still accept. Is that what you want? Do you want to get married?”
“Of course I want to get married, baby. But you’re already married. To him.”
“Yes. And you are also married. To her.” With my eyes, I gestured towards Janna.
“No, we are married by Old Spirit laws, and now that we’re not among the Old Spirits anymore…”
“What? You are going to end things with her? That is it? You two are over?” I was getting angry now. My anger was actually warming me, but it was also making my already thumping heart beat perilously fast.
“Of course not.” He replied, “I mean, I don’t even know if she wants to be married to me, now that she doesn’t have to be.”
“Of course she does, James! She loves you! And I love her, and I love Adam, and I love you.”
“What I’m saying is that you and Adam, you said your vows. He gave you a ring. You married yourselves outside of the Old Spirit ruling. Janna and I haven’t done that, and I don’t know if I want to, baby. I love her. I do. But…” He sat down on the bench in front of me, grasped my hands, and looked up at me imploringly. “You are my everything, sweetheart. I can’t come up with anything less cheesy than that, or less cliché, because that is what you are to me. You are everything. I love you, because you make everything better. You make me better. I am not this person, when I’m not with you. Okay?” He asked, and I could hear his voice beginning to crack, so I reached up and grasped his face with the hand of mine that he was not holding. “I am terrible. I am a son of a bitch. I killed my dad. I accidentally killed my wife. I fucked other women. I discarded them like trash, Brynna. I broke their hearts, man.”
“Don’t call me ‘man.’”
“I’m sorry. I broke their hearts, Brynna. And yet somehow, despite all that, despite everything I’ve done, you love me. And you make me the best man I can possibly be. You do. You are that person for me. I don’t ever want to hurt you. I know that I do, and I tell myself that it’s the old me fighting for life. But this new person? I am this person because you love me. Because you forgive me when I screw up. Because I can tell you things that I would never, ever tell anyone else. Because I fucking love you, Brynna. Okay? I fucking love you.”
Do not ask me how it was possible, but him adding the expletive to that sentence did not irritate me. Profanity could commonly be heard spouting from my lips in those days, so it was not that I was as offended by it as I had been when I was younger. But I never would have imagined that I ever would have said that it was appropriate in a declaration of love. But the way he said it—like it was simultaneously utterly unfathomable, how much he loved me, like it was the greatest gift, but also partly a curse, because of how it opened him up to be hurt or broken by me—I understood. And because I understood, the tears rushed into my eyes.
“No.” He whispered, “No. No. Please don’t cry, baby.” He pulled me to him so I was sitting in his lap, and he buried his face in my neck, and kissed me there over and over again. “Please, I don’t want to make you upset. Not now. Not after everything that has happened to you.”
“No. It is alright. James, how many times do I have to tell you that I am not fragile? What he did to me was monstrous, but I am going to survive. I am going to be sickened by it, and sad about it, and fucking furious, but as I have proven twice now, I can overcome it. I can overcome it, by fucking hating him first, but by viewing him as sad and sick but no less worthy of an eternity in hell later.”
“I know.” He looked up at me, and I saw the line of tears running from his eyes, silver in the bright light from the moon. “I know that, sweetheart. I know how strong you are. I do. I just hate what he did.”
Very gently, I kissed him, and whispered, “You and me, both, sweetheart. And as far as your goodness, you cannot put that all on my shoulders, James. You cannot force me to be the sole source of your goodness. That is not fair to me, and it is not fair to you. You are a good man now, because you were given this second chance. You are a good man because you have Penny, who God… She idolizes you, James.” He chuckled at that, and his tears began to fall more rapidly. “You are a good man because that is what all of us need you to be, not just me. And you are a good man, because inherently, regardless of your past, you are a good man. But I understand that this is hard for you, and I am sorry, but I will not choose…”
“No.” He said, “Don’t be sorry. I don’t want you to be sorry. I don’t want you to choose.”
“So, if I chose you right now…”
“That’s unfair.”
I sighed, rolled my eyes, and looked at him.
“It was, wasn’t it?”
“Very.”
“Either way, I am not going to choose. I love you. I love him. I do not love you more than I love him. I do not love him more than I love you. I love you both in two totally different ways, and with everything that I am. You have no reason to be threatened. I will not one day decide that I no longer want you. You are one of the men I love in this world, and I am with you until the end of time, James Maxwell, because just as you have built a reliance on me, I have built one on you, and I am not sorry for that. Despite how many times you have hurt me, or I have hurt you, I love you, and I have built this life with you, and I am with you until there is no more life for you, for me, or for anyone. But I am with him, too. And I am with Janna. And no, I don’t expect all of us to live together. But I expect for all of us to make it work. I know that you love me so much, and I know that you do not want to end this. All I need from you is to help me make it work. If we all do our parts, we will be alright. We will be happy. We will test out ways to make things comfortable for everyone, and eventually, we will fall into a pattern where you are alright, and where he is alright, and where she is alright, and where I am alright. We will be more than alright. We will be happy.”
“Do you see that? Do you know that?”
“No. But I have faith in it. We are free now, James. They think that we are dead, and if we hide ourselves away sufficiently enough, it can stay that way.”
“I don’t think your husband is going to so willingly exit this war like that, baby. But I will. I want out. I want to build you, Penny, Janna, and Idan a house, a place where we can hide away from all this bullshit. I know that’s what you want, too.”
“And Adam said that he wants the same. See? We all have similar goals. We should all be getting along. I think that one day, you two will come to a complete understanding. I would even say one day you two might be friends.”
He looked up at me in incredulous disbelief, and I laughed.
“Methinks the lady desperately needs sleep now.”
“Methinks the man needs to stop insinuating that the lady is tired and is therefore speaking deliriously.”
“Methinks the lady… is… I don’t know. You win.”
I beamed brightly.
“Thank you. Now listen to me, love of my life.”
“I will, fire of my loins.”
“Good. We are going to make this work. We are going to be happy. We deserve that after all this. I will always be here for you. I will always keep you good. And I will always keep you honest. Because I love you, James Maxwell. You are a part of me now, as crucial to my functioning as any vital organ. And I know that you will always be here to keep me good, and to keep me honest. We are in this forever. I will love you until the end of time. Okay?”
He looked at me, and his eyes swam in the tears that, once he blinked, began to cascade down his cheeks. A sob—his typical sob that was just a harshly expelled breath—escaped him, and as always, he bit his lip to stop it, and began to cover his face. But instead, I pulled him to me, pressed his face against my chest, and held him.
“Do you trust me?”
“Yes.” He whispered, his voice shaking, “Always, baby. Yes.”
“Alright. Good.”
“Do you trust me?” He pulled away and looked at me, his brown eyes glowing in the light. I closed the space between our lips and caressed his with mine.
“To the very end.”
“Then just know… that no matter what I do… ever… in my life… If I ever hurt you… I am sorry. And know that anything I will ever do… as long as I live… is for you. Everything I do is for you, Brynna. Everything.”
I nodded, smiling very slightly even as the tears began to leak from my eyes. I closed the slight space between us and caressed his lips with mine. 
“I know, James.” I whispered, “I have always known that, and no matter what happens, I always will know it.”
“Promise me.”
With no hesitation, I said, “I promise.”
***
We laid down together on one of the sleeping mats, and he covered us up. We laid side by side, facing each other, grasping hands, kissing quietly in the dark. My hand was rested on his face, stroking my fingers through the hair on his face that was too long to be called stubble but still too short to be called a beard. His hand was rested on the curve above my hip, where it had been before, and the longer we kissed, the more the pain diminished. In time, I knew, our bodies would forget what Tyre had inflicted upon them, and all that would be felt by both of us when we touched was that usual, beautiful, perfect warmth. 
“Are you okay?” He asked me softly, every few minutes, and in his mind, which I peeked into even though he did not want me to, he was remembering how after that man all those years ago tried to rape me in the woods, I had been unable to kiss or touch him, or let him kiss or touch me. 
“I’m fine.” I whispered, and when his lips very gently caressed mine, that warmth began at the base of my spine and gently flowed upwards, soothing my sore muscles and calming my rapidly beating heart. The reason for his gentleness and for my acceptance of it was not solely practical; we were not merely trying to keep from waking up the others. The main reason was because I was exhausted, and he was exhausted, and I had just survived another evil man, and James knew that I was viewing him as the antithesis of that man, and he wanted me to feel safe and loved after what I had just survived. There in his strong arms, I felt more than safe, and more than loved. I felt utterly content, so much so that as we kissed, my eyes began to droop closed, and my body relaxed completely, and just before I drifted away completely, I felt him pull the blankets up further, up to my shoulder, and as he turned onto his back, he pulled me with him so I could cuddle against his chest. Once I had settled in there, his lips pressed to my forehead, and I fell asleep to the sound of his heart beating, knowing then, more than I ever had, how it beat for me and only me.
***
Sometime during the night, Penny rooted her way in between us, and pulled one of James’s arms over her and then one of mine.
“You alright, baby?” He asked her sleepily, as he always did when she got into bed with us.
“Mm-hmm.”
“Okay.” He kissed her head and fell back asleep, but I opened my eyes, turned on my side, and rested my hand against her cheek. Already, she was beginning to look older to me, and silently, I wondered how quickly her aging would progress now that she had internally decided to allow it. My heart gave a cry of grief, because though I had told her that it was time for her to grow, I dreaded losing my beautiful little girl, the one who looked up at me with those huge blue eyes set above those adorably cherubic round cheeks, who slept between James and me when she had a bad dream, who was always so wonderfully positive and cheerful. It was selfish of me, to have rejoiced for so long in her staying young. For her to stay that way would have kept her heavily reliant upon me, because the status of “mother to a small child” was one that I loved and had not been ready to lose, partly because I was afraid I would become colder towards her, or perhaps she would become colder towards me. I did not want to lose my little girl. But that was not my decision. It was not my decision to keep her young. Penny and Idan had lived through multiple traumas, and though they had aged emotionally as a result of them, their physical ages had remained fixed. I had not complained, nor had I encouraged either of them to age until recently. As I stroked her beautiful face, I began to steel myself to the idea of losing that precious little girl, and from there, I began to speculate how I would perform in my new status as “mother to an older child,” and finally “mother to a teenager.” I resolved to be good, to love her just as much, if not more, though I was unsure if I could love her any more than I already did. I would be her mother forever, because by some strange twist of fate, by some mistake, or perhaps by the stars aligning perfectly, I had been made her mother. I would never fail her. Even when she was older, even when distance was inevitably put between us, however minimal it might have been, I would still love her and be there for her. I would always just be me, how I was right then. I would always be her mama.
Behind her, I saw James sleeping peacefully, and before I felt the drop of my heart, I steeled myself from her unwitting entry into my mind and heart. The one you have loved the longest will die. 
No. I would not let it happen. I would not let the universe take him. God, the rage that welled inside of me at the thought of God or the Gods stealing my love from me… That after all we had survived I had to lose anyone onboard that floating safe haven, let alone one of the loves of my life. They would not take him. I would not lose him. I would see his deathly encounter before it occurred, and I would stop it. Somehow, someway, I would stop it. 
“Mama, your heart is beating so fast.” Penny whispered to me.
“It is alright, sweetheart.” I whispered back, “Mama’s just a little anxious tonight. Don’t worry about me.”
“Don’t be anxious!” She whispered, “Daddy is going to be okay, Mom. I promise. He is going to be okay.”
I had steeled myself before thinking those grim thoughts. So she had not heard them or felt them inside of me. Instead, she had heard the same words that I had heard. She knew the same prophecy.
“He is going to be okay, Mama.”
Perhaps she saw some road I did not see, some detour that would lead around the disaster. I could not see it. All I could see was our group headed on a straight and narrow path, gunning it hard and fast, and at the end, there was a black hole that would suck all of us in but spit only a few of us back out. I could not discern which of us would go, but the prophecy’s words were clear: The one you have loved the longest. James had been my first love. It had been twenty-six years since that bar. Since Earth. Since our old home, and I had loved him every day. 
It took me. The tears. In vain, I tried to stop them, and once they began to fall, once a sob escaped me, the self-loathing I felt shocked even me. I was breaking down in front of Penny, who needed me to be strong. I was looking out at a future more bleak and treacherous than the sure death we had all faced there on the Lapsarian. I had changed the future, thinking that it would be easier, but had I not, once again, prolonged our arrival at the final conclusion? Had I not prolonged the inevitable end? Had we not been doing that all along? I could not discern how many hearts that beat and minds that thought on Pangaea were formerly Earthean, but if I had to guess, I would speculate that most of our people who had come there had long since been killed in the war. So if our kind was mostly dead, had we not escaped one extinction in favor of another? When I had saved James’s life, when I had reassembled him, and breathed new life into him, had I simply saved him so he could die again? Was his death so deeply woven in the fabric of time that no actions he or I or anyone took could save him? I cried because my love for him burned like a devastating wildfire, my heart its point of origin, the spread reaching through every inch of me, devastating me down deep, as deeply as it could go, and losing him would not extinguish that fire, it would only throw gasoline onto it. I would love him long after he was gone, and because I could not have him, because I had lost him, that fire of my love for him would burn through me until there was nothing left, until my insides were a barren, black wasteland of charred rubble, full to the brim with smoke.
Why had I allowed myself to rely so heavily upon him? Because wasn’t my love for him a dependence? Wasn’t my love for him a heavy reliance? That I could not lose him was indicative of that dependence, and I had known when I began to feel that need for him blooming inside of me that it would destroy me in the end. When had I decided that it was acceptable to need him? When had I decided that he was my be-all, end-all? Well, I suppose it was when I realized I loved him. So if you would like to chastise me or outright condemn me for my “reliance” upon James, then clearly you have never loved a living soul besides yourself. My reliance upon him was the same as my reliance upon Penny, as my reliance had been upon my mother, before she had left. I loved them, and so I needed them. 
Penny shushed me. Her small arms draped over me, holding me close, and holding me tightly. 
“He is going to be okay, Mom. I promise.” She whispered, “You have to trust me. Okay? Daddy is going to live.”
She said it in such a way that I should have been reassured, but in my heart, it felt like there was more for her to say. It felt like there was more that she knew, that I did not know. I was exhausted, in pain, and my mind was reeling from all that had happened onboard the ship. If I had been rested and slightly calmer, I would have seen what Penny saw, I knew. But I was not, so I had to trust my little girl, and trust her, I did. To the end of time, I trusted her. We were, in our own strange little way, a team; she saw, and I saw, she knew, and I knew. We shared the prophecies we saw, and even though she was so young, she was able to help me make sense of them, and I was able to help her. When they frightened me, she calmed me with her perpetual optimism, her beautiful, never-failing positivity, and her eternal goodness, and when they frightened her, I tried to return that favor, and I was quite good at it. We were two halves of the same whole, mother and daughter, sisters, twins, friends, companions, co-workers, co-wielders of the same awesome and terrible gift. 
“What about Gracie, Mama?” She asked, “She’s one of us, too.”
I nodded, and conceded that she was right. It would take some time, but I believed that I could love Grace, or at the very least, accept her. I could definitely protect her; I had proven that in the Arena. I would always protect her. 
“You will love her, Mama. You will love her like you have loved me all these years.” She said.
“Like I have loved you?” I asked, “Never.”
“Certainly.” She replied, “I promise you will. Now go back to sleep, Mom. You need to sleep.”
“You need to sleep.”
And so we did. We closed our eyes, and as James and I held her, I began to allow my heart to trust her. I lulled myself to sleep on the thought that perhaps my little girl knew and saw what I could not. That perhaps she was more powerful than I was, and could see beyond the grim darkness of the future. Perhaps she could, simply by willing it, cause the future to change. 
When I awoke the next morning, and I found that everyone was still sleeping, I climbed over her, threw my leg over James’s middle, flipped my hair over so it was casting a shield around my face and his face, rubbed my nose against his, and then kissed him deeply. 
“Wake up.” I whispered, “Baby, wake up.”
His eyes opened slightly, and he smiled when he saw me over top of him. His head rose, brushing my hair back with two hands, and when I kissed him, he opened his mouth and let me slide my tongue inside. 
“I gotta go to the bathroom before we do any of this, baby.” He told me, and he spun us gracefully so I was lying on the pillow where he had been, and as he scampered off, I giggled to myself, because for some reason, the idea of what James called “early morning wood” was hilarious to me. 
“Yeah, laugh it up, hyena woman.” He said as he came back out of the bathroom, “I’m surprised I have anything going with how fucking cold it is on this boat.”
“You know, with you I’ve found that whether it is very cold or very warm, it really has no effect. The size remains the same.”
“Oh!” He exclaimed, “Look at her go, ladies and gentlemen. Brynna Olivier is on fire this morning. God, you’re the worst!”
“And you love it, and I love that you love it.” I laid back on the pillow and pulled him to me so I could kiss him again, “You know I am just kidding. But you mustn’t create these opportunities for me!”
“I know, I know. I still walk right into it. Even after all these years.” His tongue dipped into my mouth, and mine found it eagerly. “Is my breath okay?”
“Fine. Is mine?”
“Perfect.”
“Good.”
“You know I can’t make out with you if my mouth is like a sewer.”
“Nor I with you, my sweet, considerate man.”
“Good, my sweet, considerate woman.”
Rael was working the boat now, having been awoken by Adam. Everyone else was still asleep, as their blank or dreaming minds told me. Rael did not know that we were awake, so he surely didn’t know that we were necking in such a way. James’s lips broke from mine and kissed their way over to my ear, where he whispered, very quietly, “I want you so bad right now… God, I want you.”
I inhaled deeply upon hearing him say that, because as always, hearing him say it was as much a kick-start to my desire for him as feeling his hands caressing my breasts, or feeling his fingers or tongue working their magic down below. 
“When we get to where we’re going…” He whispered, “I am going to lay you down, and I am going to kiss you everywhere I know you love, and then, I am going to lick and kiss my way down, down, down, and then I am going to…”
“What are you two doing?” A little voice asked, and that feeling of warmth—it was actually pure, blind, lusting heat—iced over so quickly that it was almost hilarious. James jumped away from me, turned over onto his other side and faced Penny, who was looking at us with furrowed brows, and her adorably scathing look of judgment. 
“Nothing.” He answered instantly, “Nothing, my wise Punky. Nothing at all.”
I rolled over and draped my arm over James and repeated him, “Nothing at all.”
She looked between the two of us for a long second as we both tried to look unassuming. Finally, she just said, “Smooth,” very sarcastically, and one of James’s raucous fits of laughter took him, and awoke everyone else. 
“Shh!” I shushed him, and Penny very lightly hit him in the shoulder. 
“I’m sorry.” He gasped out, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. She just freaking kills me, man. Oh, God, I have to go let Rael get some sleep.” He kissed me softly and left to relieve Rael of his steering duties. I began to get up so I could walk over to Adam, but Idan and Penny got to him first and jumped on him with gusto.
“Papa!” Idan exclaimed cheerfully, “Papa! Rael says that land is just ahead! We will be free soon!”
“We are already free, Idan!” Penny corrected him as I came over, “Aren’t we, Adam?”
He turned over, his gray hair mussed up, his eyes squinting in the light, and immediately, he pulled Penny and Idan to him and squeezed them under both of his massive arms. 
“Our wise Penelope is right this time, Idan.” He said, “To where did Rael say we were headed?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Papa. There are so many names on the map.”
“Would you two go ask him for me?”
They scampered off excitedly, and he reached out and gently brushed my hair away from my face. I held his hand and turned my head to rest my cheek against his palm. For a long moment, we simply looked at one another, and then my hand reached out to rest against his face, too. 
“Alright?” He asked me softly, vaguely, because he knew that I would not want to make a fuss about myself, not in front of everyone else. As always, Adam knew me and what I needed without me ever having to say it. In response to his question, I nodded, and kissed the palm of his hand. He pulled me to him gently, and I nestled against his chest as his strong arms wrapped me up. 
“Good.” He replied, as my fingers entwined with his. He brought my hand to his lips and kissed it before kissing my forehead. “I am glad.” 
***
Under James’s steerage, the boat eased gently up onto the shore. Once it had come to a stop, once the engine had halted, and the world was silent, we stood, eyes forward, eyes wide. Even Penny and Idan were still, their hands grasping Janna’s. The sea still rocked beneath the belly of the boat. We had grown so used to that rocking during those long years onboard the Lapsarian. Stepping onto dry land for the first time would be strange, to say the least. We should have been elated at the prospect. But instead, we stood, staring, and each one of us felt strangely afraid. 
“It is just like that first day,” I whispered to James, as my fingers entwined with his. While my palm was sweating, his was as dry as the sand of the shore that my eyes were taking in warily. “How is it possible that I am as nervous to step onto that beach as I was to step out of the ship?”
When I looked at him, he turned his head to me and pressed his lips to my forehead gently.
“We can do this.”
“Easy for you to say. You’ve been on land in the past twenty years.”
“I have, and it was shocking the first time I did it. You’re all going to fall, probably.”
“I will not fall. I am prepared for the change. I have prepared my mind and body, and therefore, I will not fall.”
“Alright, lady.” James stepped over the railing and dropped down onto the shore. For a moment, he gripped the side of the lifeboat, his eyes closed, trying to focus on steadying himself. I was stubborn, and so sure that I was fully prepared, and so ready to show him that I knew about what I was talking, and I just wanted to get it over with, because why were we standing around, anyway? So I threw myself out of that boat, and my feet touched dry land for the first time in twenty-five years.
And then my whole body touched dry land for the first time in twenty-five years, because the solid ground immediately sashayed out from under my feet, and I found myself lying on the sand. 
“Her mind and body were prepared, she said!” James proclaimed to the group. He came over and lifted me onto my feet with one arm. Once I was upright, his arms supported me so I stayed that way. I doubled over, my stomach rolling, and as I tried to suppress the bile that I felt rising in my throat, I could not help acknowledging how curious it was that I should feel more nauseous off of the water than on it. I suppose for me, the treacherous roiling water had become like steady ground, and steady ground had become treacherous like water. The two had swapped rather perfectly. 
The rest of our party realized the swap soon, as they rolled about on the beach, struggling to stand. Some were vomiting. Others were on their hands and knees, struggling to get back onto their feet. 
“You good, baby?” James asked me softly as he rubbed my back. I nodded, and he gently let go of me to get to Penny. Instantly, I collapsed, and he ran back to me.
“You said you were good!” He exclaimed, “I guess your mind and body were still not prepared.”
“You are such an asshole.” I murmured, and he chuckled and kissed my head.
“I know. Just lay here and get your land legs.”
“Yes, yes. Go get Penny, Idan, and Grace.”
“You got it, lady.”
Adam army-crawled over to me eventually and laid down beside me. 
“I wish not for you to see me vomit, but my wish may not be granted.”
“Oh, it is alright. You have seen me vomit many times.”
“I have.” 
“So let us get our minds off of this. Where are we? Where have you led us, oh mighty shepherd?”
“I do not know how mighty I am. I merely pointed on the map, and Rael found the way. We are close to Del Mar. We have a long walk ahead of us.”
“Oh, God, walking…” I groaned. “Will you carry me? You don’t even have to do it the nice way, where I wrap my arms around your neck and you scoop me up under my legs and behind my back. You can just throw me over your shoulder like I am a sack of potatoes.”
“I would never dream of doing such a thing to you.”
“Oh, wouldn’t you? I seem to recall many years ago, when I was proclaiming that I would remain behind with Maura that you threw me over your shoulder…”
“You remember everything.”
“You don’t remember that?”
“When it comes to you and me, I tend to remember every moment.”
“Well, good. So, we have to crawl to Del Mar, and are they kind to us?”
“James says the Old Spirits have been waging war on them for the past twenty-three years, and they have not fallen.”
“Adam!” I exclaimed, and I threw myself into a sitting position. Immediately, my head pounded, the world gave a mighty twirl, and I was lying down again, “You have brought us where there are Old Spirit troops?! When they will surely be looking for us…”
“Speaking of which, we need to take the supplies off of that lifeboat, and then sink it.”
“Adam!” I nagged, “Tell me that you know some way in that will ensure the slightest risk of us being discovered.”
“Of course I do.”
“And tell me that you have friends in this city, friends who owe you a giant favor, and who will fall on their knees to serve you when you stride through this secret entrance.”
“Oh, believe you me…” He said, “They owe me their lives and more.”
That was my husband, the keeper of a million debts. The owner of one million men and women, of their lives and their livelihoods. He was more like his son (or his son was more like him) than either of them cared to realize; Caspar had said that it was his father’s family from whom he had inherited the Dionysian gene, while Adam had insisted it was Janna’s heritage that had tainted their son. But I saw the way Adam gave and then expected payment in return, sometimes a terrible payment. I saw how if payment was not made, he threatened violence. He had told me once that he had a little of every gift except mine, and I knew that to be true. And now that I was his wife, he could own the lives and livelihoods of one million men and women, and I could own their minds. Tyre had made a terrible mistake when he had married me off to him. It had been meant as a consequence, as a punishment, but really, the only one who would be punished would be him. Because now that we were free, I could not imagine simply slinking off into the trees and living a quiet, peaceful life. I could only imagine gathering my strength back, honing my fighting skills and my power even more, and waging war. Del Mar was under siege constantly? Well, we would begin by killing those Old Spirit troops doing the seizing. If they came in waves, we would kill them in waves, and then, we would head off into the world, and we would fight.
But I remembered the words of the prophecy, and my stomach rolled even more dangerously. The one you have loved the longest will die. I looked over at James, who was holding Penny to his chest and rubbing Grace’s back as she vomited copiously. If we walked away, would the prophecy change? Or would I simply delay his death? Instead of dying on the battlefield in a blaze of glory worthy of a place in songs, James would die in hiding, or so I thought. Would I make it so that the Old Spirits hunted us down in our hideaway, that they snuck up on us in the dead of night and cut his throat while he slept? Not that he needed to die honorably, but I knew that he would want to. Of course, if they snuck up on us in our hideaway, he might die defending his family, which I knew he would want more than anything. But could it be possible, at all, for him to not die?! The thought of it made me sick. As I looked at him and Penny, the sickness worsened, because I knew there would be no consoling her. I knew that I would have to be strong for her, and I did not know if I would be able to do that, once James was gone. My heart had grown so dependent upon him, and though I knew I would survive if he died, I also knew that it would hurt. God, it would hurt like nothing else. 
The one you have loved most dangerously will flee. I looked over at Adam, and between the two of them, he certainly fit that category. Hadn’t he warned me that loving him was dangerous? Hadn’t he told me I would become their target? Hadn’t he been right? All that had happened over the previous twenty-five years might not have happened had I not been so attracted to him. I was not sorry. I did not regret it, because I loved him so much, but he was definitely the one I loved most dangerously, from an outsider’s perspective, and I assumed whoever spoke these prophecies in my ear was an outsider. Plus, I told Adam things that I had never told James, or at least, I told Adam first. I confided in him, relied upon him to comfort me when I could not comfort myself, when I needed to say something that James would be unable to handle. In that way, my love for him was dangerous, too. And he would flee. Perhaps when James was killed, he would recognize the threat to his own life. But I knew that would not be true. He would feel so guilty that my first love had been murdered that he would leave me when I needed him the most. He would know that it was my love for him, my marriage to him, my being his queen that had made them target me, and that had always been his greatest fear, so he would flee. 
“We need to stay overnight and gather supplies from the forest and the shores.” Adam said, interrupting my thoughts. I wanted to ask him, point blank, if he would leave, but I could not bring myself to do it, because I knew he would say that he would never leave. But he could not know. He couldn’t know, not until it had happened. Not until the guilt was gnawing at him through the nights, not until the personal responsibility he felt for my tragedy grew and grew until it was large enough and monstrous enough to convince him that without him, I would be safe. I would have a chance at a life. 
“We need to eat something that is not those terrible rations that could not feed a squirrel.” He continued, totally impervious to my thoughts, because I was using all of my strength to keep the wall up. “And once we have gathered the necessary supplies, we will go.”
“Well, if we can all stop vomiting and rolling about on the ground.” I said, but he did not answer me. “Adam?”
I turned over to see that he had turned over, and was trying to be as quiet as possible with his vomiting. When I turned back over, I saw that James was running around shirtless because either Idan, Grace, or Penny had vomited on him. Penny was in his arms, so I assumed it was she who had done it, and I could not help but laugh. We were free, and it was a disaster so far, but at least we were free. I turned over onto my back, laughing even harder, but then, I felt the distinctive gnawing in my stomach, followed by the rolling, and then, I was flipping myself over and spewing all over the sand.
***
“Tell me.” 
We had walked, wary, dehydrated, shaking, hungry, and yet somehow alert, into the greenery of the jungle forest, away from the crystal-clear blue water that had been reflecting the dark blue sky overhead and the sprawling white sands. We had found an old house, standing tall in the trees and yet still not tall enough to even come close to the canopy, a three-story fortress that reminded me so strongly of the house-nest of the trebestia into which I had stumbled all those years earlier after Eli had pushed me into the woods. As a result of that blood-chilling resemblance, I insisted on accompanying James, Adam, Rael, and Tony to make sure that it was not, in fact, a trebestia nest. But no, it was simply an old wooden house, full of furniture covered in faded white sheets, pictures on the wall covered so thickly in dust that even scraping through with my fingernail did not reveal the glass beneath, and a kitchen full of food so mummified by the years that it did not even smell badly anymore. 
We had led our group inside, and Janna, Grace, Tony, and Rael had set about making it inhabitable while I had slunk away to check out the upstairs. That is what I had said I was doing, but really, I had been feeling the beginning flutters of what I hoped would merely be a small anxiety attack but that I knew had the power to explode into a full-fledged panic. Adam had given me my space, keeping a close monitor of my heart from downstairs, and when I thought again of how he would leave, and my heart gave a start, he had come to me. 
“Tell me what you saw, my love.” He urged me, as his gentle hands came up and grasped my shoulders.
With a very concentrated effort, I managed to keep my voice steady, emotionless, absent of any signs of the tightening in my throat that preceded tears.
“I can’t.” 
“You must.” He kissed the back of my head, “You want to tell me.”
“I don’t.”
“You do.”
“You are trying to make me think that I want to tell you by telling me that I want to tell you, and it is not going to work.”
“Brynna.” Gently, he turned me to him, and once I was facing him, he kissed my lips quickly, “I can feel the fear in you. Please just tell me, and together, we will decide how best to confront whatever it is.”
“I don’t want to confront it. I want to run from it, Adam.”
“Do you see any possibility for it to change?”
“No,” I said, even though I had wanted to keep it from him. Whenever he gently urged me to tell him something, or whenever he offered me his comfort, I immediately turned to mush in his arms. I stood on my tiptoes, threw my arms around his neck, and let him hold me as I tried to decide exactly what I wanted to tell him, and what I wanted to omit.
“I have been seeing the first part of it for a long time, so that part is irrelevant. But the second part is the one that I think concerns you, and I will not share it with you in detail. All I will do is ask that you don’t leave, okay? No matter what happens. No matter who we lose, or where we go. No matter what you think I want. No matter what you think is best for me. I don’t want you to leave. No matter what, I want you to stay here with me. Okay? Promise me.”
“Brynna…” He started to pull me away from him.
“No, don’t say anything else. Just promise me, Adam.”
Instead of trying to get me to look at him, he held me tighter and kissed my head.
“I promise, my love.” He whispered, “I promise. Of course I promise.”
“I just want it to go away. I don’t want to see it. I don’t want to know. But I do know, and I just want the course to change.”
“It could change, sweetheart. You know that the smallest choice, the slightest deviation from what was originally engraved can re-write the entire story of our lives. You say you will not tell me, so I will not ask you to tell me, though I do wish that you would confide this in me…”
“It is not a matter of confiding, Adam. I just can’t say it out loud yet. I will tell you soon. I promise. When I can see it without wanting to throw up, I will tell you. You know I will tell you when I am ready.”
“I do know.” He kissed my forehead, “I know, Brynna. So not only do I promise that I will not go anywhere, I promise that you and I will do everything in our power to re-write this. I promise you that.”
“I know. I know.” I stood even higher on my tiptoes and clawed my hands up him to get a better grip on his shoulders, “God, you are so tall that my arm muscles will never recover from this embrace.”
Without a word, he reached down under my butt and lifted me so I could wrap my legs around his mid-section and my arms around his neck with ease. My forehead nuzzled against his, and my hands came around to rest on his face as my lips gently moved against his. 
“Better?” He asked.
“Much, thank you.”
As we were kissing, we did not hear the rapidly banging footsteps. We did not know they were coming until Penny and Idan had come barging into the room.
“Ew!” Penny exclaimed, “Mommy, why are you always kissing people?!”
“You don’t mind when I kiss you!” I told her, and after Adam put me down, I scooped her into my arms and kissed her all over her face.
“Ah! Mom! I’m too old for kisses!”
“Oh, are you? I know that you are twenty-something literally, but physically, you are still my little baby.”
“Not for long.” She told me as we began to walk downstairs, “I can feel things changing. I won’t be here like this for long.”
My stomach plummeted. Still, when I thought of her aging, my stomach sickened. Adam felt the change in my heart and grasped my shoulder. Unlike Janna and me, he was all for the kids growing up. He believed it was time, and that halted aging was unnatural and unfair to the children. They needed to live their lives, and though it was not the result of mine and Janna’s wishing that our children had remained young, Adam still tried to gently remind us that we had to let go of them. They could not be our babies forever.
Put aside the fact that I was used to my little girl being a little girl, and think about it practically: Who is in more danger? The adult daughter of the queen who, if harm befell Adam and I, and then harm befell Idan, would become the First Queen, or the fiery yet ultimately cherubic child with a gift she barely uses let alone can harness as a weapon to be used against our enemies? Janna and I had talked many times about how our children were safer if they were young, while Adam believed that the cards would simply fall where they would fall regardless of their ages. We would face the danger when the danger presented itself, and no matter what, we would protect our children. If they were young or older, we would protect them.
“You are pale.” Janna told me once we were back in the living room of the old house. Her hand cupped under my chin. “You are positively ghostly, my love. You must eat and then you must sleep.”
“I am perfectly well, sweetheart.” I replied breezily, as I always did, “I am not hungry in the slightest, nor am I tired.”
“Brynna.” She said, her voice urging, and her expression stern, “You ate nothing yesterday, and I did not nag you about it. But I am going to nag you now.”
“I will eat in a little bit. I just can’t right now.”
“Just let her drink some water, baby.” James said to her, “Will you drink some water, my minxy mule?” 
“Oh, when you ask like that…” I replied sarcastically as I sat down with my back against the wall and pulled my knees to my chest. “I’ll drink some later. I just want to sit here.”
Thank God Grace, Rohanna, Rael, Tony, Penny, and Idan were distracted. Because Adam, Janna, and James were staring at me, all silent, all trying to mask their looks of concern. Instead of comforting me, as perhaps it should have, it made me livid.
“Boyfriend… Husband… Girlfriend.” I said, “I know better than any of you that what happened to me was tragic and sick and awful. I am not hungry right now, and though that may be related to what happened, it is more than likely the result of the fact that I still feel like the ground is the ocean rocking beneath me. I will eat when I feel hungry. I will drink water when I feel thirsty. After all we have survived, I will not allow myself to perish from starvation or dehydration now. So if you would all please stop treating me like I am an invalid teetering perilously close with each passing minute to the moment of my death, I would greatly appreciate it.” I laid my head on my knees, and then lifted it immediately again to say, “Thank you so much.” Then, I laid my head back down again, waiting until I could not feel their eyes on me anymore. 
“Please stop staring at me.” I said after several minutes had passed, and they still had not looked away, “And please stop thinking in unison. It’s annoying.”
“You are both thinking that you do not know what to say?” Janna asked them.
“Precisely.” Adam replied, “And this is new for me.”
“And for me.” James agreed.
“Then I have an idea.” I said as I threw myself onto my feet, “It is a good one, are you ready? Don’t say anything. Don’t think about it. Don’t think about me. Don’t worry about me. I am fine. I’m fine, but you all clearly aren’t fine. You think I am this fragile little bird that is about to break, but I am not. I cannot stand that you all feel this guilt. I cannot stand that you are blaming yourselves, and thinking I’m weak, and thinking I need to be coddled like a three-year-old. God, when you look at me, all the three of you think is how it’s your fault, and you wish you had been the ones to kill him, and… Your guilt is fucking driving me insane! If you didn’t have to look at me, you wouldn’t feel it. I can’t deal with your feelings on the matter and my feelings on the matter. So… stop fucking looking at me! Or look at me and think of something else! Goddamn it! Jesus Christ!”
I started to walk outside, but James grasped my hand.
“Baby, you can’t go storming off on your own…”
“Let go of me! It’s on me, don’t you see that?! It’s who I am now. I’m the Girl Who Got Raped By Gideon Leviathanson, Warden and Lord of War. I’m the Former Warrior Queen who is now the Fragile Little Bird. Don’t touch me. Don’t look at me! Stop thinking. All of you! Stop fucking thinking!”
I broke my hand out of his grasp and stormed outside into the night. Before any of them could follow me, I zoomed off, into the trees, going back the way we had come until I had reached the beach. Before we had left, the boys had pushed the boat away from the shore, and having nothing to sink it, had just let the tides take it back to sea. There were no signs of us onboard. Anyone who found it would think that whomever was onboard had abandoned ship into the water or onto land. I thought that I could see it, far out in the darkness of the horizon, but I figured that it was my imagination. When I threw myself down on the sand, I ordered myself not to cry. I would not cry now. I would not shed tears for him. He was dead. I had won. I had taken back my power by taking his life. No man on a battlefield ever cried after killing one of his greatest enemies. So I would not cry for him.
And why would I cry when we were free? I had so rarely cried on the ship. We were free, and I would not cry, because as it stood now (barring the prophecy), I had very little about which I could complain or worry. But wasn’t the prophecy enough? God or Gods, it would be enough to make the strongest person weep. 
And because I was by no means the strongest person, I did begin to weep. My heart was fluttering with absolute terror, as I thought about losing James, as I thought about Adam leaving me, as I remembered the Warden as he thrust so hard into me that he was gritting his teeth with the effort… I cried because for some sick reason, I was remembering the times he had been kind to me, when he had doted upon me, when he had asked me to trust him, and in return, he had said he would trust me. I had hated him all along, but even in my hatred, I was not impervious to his moments of kindness. I was not immune to him, whatever that means. 
God, you are so twisted. 
If it was a judgmental voice, it had to be Maura’s. Strangely, our voices were beginning to sound identical, except for the thick accent. 
The same way that you think about the moments when Michael brought you toys and clothes and jewelry, you think about the times that other man showed you kindness. ‘Sorry for fucking you, how about a nice pair of new shoes?’
“Go away.” I muttered, covering my ears, “Go away! Go away!”
“Nope. Not a chance. I gave you a few minutes of space, but that’s it.” James’s voice said behind me, and I jumped, sniffled, and wiped at my eyes and nose. 
“I wasn’t even talking to you!” I yelled, as he sat down beside me on the sand and reached out to pull me towards him, “Don’t touch me! I can’t stand to hear any more of your stupid thoughts tonight!”
“Well, luckily for you, I am really good at not thinking. You know that. It’s part of the reason why you love me.” He said gently, as he reached out for me again. 
“Stop acting like I’m so unreasonable! Stop acting like I’m crazy, James! Or that I’m unstable! I’m not unstable! I am perfectly fine! You all are making me think that I’m unstable, and that I’m not fine, and I am.”
“Baby…” He reached out, and I flinched away from his hand. “Baby.” He said again, even more softly, even more gently. “Come here. Please, baby. Just come here.”
“You all think I am so weak, and I am not.” I continued, but I was letting him pull me to him now. 
“We know that, sweetheart.” He whispered, “God, how could we not know that after what we saw you do? We don’t think you’re weak. We don’t think you’re fragile. We could never think that now. We never have thought it.”
“Don’t you understand, though?” I asked, as I pulled away from him and wiped at my eyes, “When I see how guilty you all feel, it hurts me. I don’t want you to feel guilty. More importantly, I don’t want that to be what you think when you look at me. You all are picturing it. You are seeing what you think he must have done, and I do not want any of you to see me that way. I don’t want you to think about it at all. I just want it to go away, James.”
“I know, baby.” He leaned forward and kissed my forehead softly. His lips held there for a long time, and then, they broke away only so they could move down to my cheek. “We’re all going to make an effort to push this away, because this isn’t about us. We just want to be here for you, baby. We don’t want to hover over you, but you have to understand, too, that sometimes you don’t do what you need to do to keep yourself going.” 
“I can take care of myself, James.”
“We know that, Brynn. Believe me, we know that. We just want to make sure you’re taking care of yourself. That’s all.” 
“I’ve been having stupid thoughts, James.” I told him, somewhat randomly, “I’ve been thinking about so many things. That’s why I can’t settle down. It never stops, James. I just keep thinking about things that are so stupid.”
“Like what? Tell me.”
“I don’t know.”
“You do know.”
“It’s just… Why am I thinking about when he was kind to me? After what he did, after the horrible things that he did to me, to you, to the kids… How can I be thinking about when he got me my bracelet back, or when he told me how fond he was of me? Why do I sometimes think about how Michael would try to appease the situation by buying me things? How fucking sick is that, James? I am certainly not sympathizing. I certainly don’t love them or like them or feel any sense of fondness for them. But intermixed with the utter hatred I feel, with the memories of their cruelty, I am remembering their random spurts of kindness. Is that not the most fucked up thing you’ve ever heard?”
He looked thoughtful for a moment, and then, he shook his head.
“No. Definitely not the most fucked up thing I’ve ever heard. In fact, I think it might just prove that you’re normal. They were evil. They were sick. We know that. You hate them, but in the typical way that that weird and awesome brain of yours works, you can’t cop out when it comes to the reality of it and demonize them as complete monsters, because you know that that’s not the whole story. It would be a cop out. It would be easy. And since when have you ever taken the easy way out, Brynna Olivier?”
“It feels so wrong to me, to remember those things, and to think…”
“What, baby?”
I sighed heavily and rolled my eyes, trying to stop the tears, but I could not.
“To think maybe they were sorry, at least a little bit. Hell of a lot of good their apologies do me, right? But was it there? Was there something in there that felt remorse, and that is why they showed me kindness? They don’t deserve my sympathy, so they do not have it. They do not deserve my forgiveness, so they will not have it. Not ever. But you are right. I am looking for depth in these men when they deserve for me to see them only in their two-dimensional, shallow forms. I feel no fond feelings for any of them. In fact, them showing me kindness makes me hate them more, because I cannot just properly hate them outright. I cannot just keep them as two-dimensional figures in my mind. I hate them because they were sick, and they were evil, but I hate them because they showed me that they can be good, James. The Warden and Michael both said something along the same lines. Michael told Maura one time, through his ‘tears of remorse,’ that he couldn’t help it. He couldn’t fight it. It wasn’t his choice. The Warden told me that though he wished he could give me what I wanted—to see Penny, to keep you out of harm’s way, to allow me to rule the prison the way I did—without me having to sleep with him, he could not fight the desire that he felt for me.”
“But they could help it, Brynna. They made their choice. They chose to hurt you. You did nothing to deserve it. You did nothing to provoke them. It was their choice. Think about it this way, and I hope this isn’t going to…” He stopped, “I don’t want this to come out wrong, so I’m going to tread carefully here. You tell me all the time that you want me constantly, and that’s how I feel about you, too. You know I’m game anywhere, anytime. But there have been days and nights where I’ve felt a little off, but you still felt on, and there have been days and nights where you felt a little off, but I still felt on. Neither of us forced the other down, even if we felt ‘desire’ for each other, like what the Warden and Michael said they felt for you. We had a choice.”
“Yes, and it was an easy choice!” I said with a slight laugh. 
“Exactly! It is an easy choice. It’s as simple as ‘yes’ and ‘no,’ Brynn. ‘I want to,’ ‘I don’t want to.’ It shouldn’t be ‘I don’t want to, but James does,’ and it definitely shouldn’t be ‘I don’t want to, but the Warden says he’ll hurt the people I love if I don’t.’ It is ‘I want to,’ or ‘I don’t want to,’ and whoever you say those words to had better understand that they are all that needs to be said. When you said, ‘I don’t want to,’ they said they didn’t care, because they ‘couldn’t help it.’ But they could help it. They chose to hurt you anyway.”
“I know.” I said, “Believe me, I know. I hate that they tried to justify it by saying that they were slaves to their impulses. And, going back to where this all began, I suppose I just cannot believe that their kindness hurts to me as severely as their cruelty. That is just one of the things I have been thinking about, though. There are others.”
“Like what, baby?”
“I don’t know…” I sighed again, “Like I can never give you children. Remember all those years ago, back in Shadow Village, when we talked about Penny getting older, and we both said we were sad about it, and you said that if we really couldn’t handle it, we would have our own someday? And you didn’t know it then, but I’ve never been able to, and I didn’t know how to tell you, and I didn’t think I would ever have to tell you, because we had agreed that we were alright with just Penny and Violet, but now, Violet is far from us, and Penny is already starting to age, and what if we do want kids? What if you decide you want a baby? I mean, I guess you will just have one with Janna, and God, that child will be physically flawless, so perhaps it will all work out for the best…”
“Hey.” He reached out, placed his finger under my chin, and raised my head. Once I was looking at him, he kissed me. “Sweetheart, if I were going to have kids with anyone, it would be with you. And even though…” He stopped, unsure of what to say, “Even though you never told me what the doctors on Earth had said, I always… I always suspected, baby. I mean, when you told me we didn’t have to use protection. When you didn’t get pregnant even when we were having sex every day. Believe me, I was scared shitless for the whole first year, thinking you might have been a little bit wrong about whether you could or couldn’t get pregnant, and one day, you were going to tell me your monthly thing had stopped, and I would have cried out of sheer terror, and you probably would have punched me, and it would have been an epic disaster, but I was always prepared to be a dad. I was always ready for it, even though I would have been scared. When you didn’t get pregnant, I started to get it. You didn’t have to tell me why. I understood. But there are other ways to have kids, baby. Look how good you are at mothering lost little birds. Do you remember that? What Allie and Violet used to say?”
I nodded, and the tears rushed even more quickly down my cheeks at the mention of them, and of how they had called us the Mama and Daddy Bird, and how they had called themselves baby birds. 
“If we want kids down the road, we can adopt. If we don’t want kids, we can order Penny and Grace to come home every weekend and eat dinner with us.” I laughed, “We can send them off to school in one of Adam’s cities, and then we can chase around a little baby in a diaper, if that’s what we want.” I laughed again at the image of it, because I loved picturing him with a little baby. I knew how much he would love being a father to a little baby, and how a little baby would love having him as a father. The tears fell even more as I leaned in, rested my forehead against his, and kissed him. 
“You will have everything you want, Brynna. If you want another baby, we’ll have another baby. If you don’t, we’ll spend our lives harassing Penny and Grace, and travelling with Adam and Janna, being the weirdest polyamorous harem in existence.”
I laughed again, and rubbed my nose against his before kissing him again.
“I love you.” He told me, “And I am going to make everything alright. Together, we’ll make everything alright. So no worries. Not one, you got it?”
I nodded.
“Got it.”
***
Somehow, I fell asleep that night with relative ease. Penny was pressed between James and me, and she passed out in all of five minutes, so perhaps her exhaustion was contagious. Whatever the cause, I fell asleep with my head on James’s arm, as my anxiety was soothed by the feeling of his fingers brushing through my hair just above my ear. The sleep was heavy, resolute, unshakeable; my body fell under its spell without the slightest resistance, because to fall under that intoxicating darkness felt so good. 
Sometimes, when I hovered just below the surface of consciousness, before the sea of sleep began to reach its blacker depths, I only dreamed in fragments. They were all innocuous images: strange little moving pictures, random words, flashes of real life mixed in with the bizarre or mundane. Flickers of movie scenes I remembered from the films on Earth, a random snippet of a song I had listened to on my computer, an image of a flower blooming… It was only when I was pulled into the darker depths that I Saw. Perhaps that was why I hated sleep so much; if I swam just below the surface, I was safe, but if I swam too deeply into the darkness, I would see the darkness. It would see me, and I would see it, and then, I would know what no one should know.
That night was no different. 
The words danced in the water, strangely in focus despite how they rolled and churned with the currents of my sleep. 
The one you have loved the longest will die. The one you have loved most dangerously will flee. It is simple, and it is written. 
The prophecy was simple. They always tended to be. It was grappling with them that was difficult. Seeing them was a breeze. Understanding them was a breeze. Accepting them was where things got tricky. And painful. 
Tyre was in his office, halfway across the world, on the Rover Phone, surrounded by his men, in their black uniforms. His top brass. His brains. Blancstizia had fallen. Paul was dead. Caspar was missing. Apparently, both had been thwarted by Luciana Miletus and my sister (Good girl, Violet. Color me impressed.) The Lapsarian had sunk. To their knowledge, everyone onboard had perished except a large lifeboat full of guards, and another large lifeboat full of prisoners. The former had washed up on the shores of Estersea, which was not far from where we were resting. In fact, we were closer to Estersea than we were to Del Mar. The latter had washed up in the western shores, closer to where our first house had been. They had disappeared. 
“And Brynna Olivier? What of her and her little girl?” Tyre had asked, without disguising the obvious grief in his voice.
I expected him to say that we were dead, because that is what I had seen originally, but the voice on the phone spoke differently. 
“We were told by our man that they are heading south, towards Del Mar.”
Tyre breathed a sigh of relief shamelessly. The men standing around him looked mildly uncomfortable when they saw how obviously relieved he was, because they thought that I was dangerous. They had heard of my antics on the Lapsarian. They had heard the rumors that had traveled of how I had killed the Warden. The Warden, Tyre’s brother, in whom, interestingly, he did not seem interested at all.
“I will not fear for her life like this again. Bring her to me now.” Tyre told another man, the man, the spy beside me, “If you must break her completely to bring her, then break her. I want her here. Use whatever means are necessary.” 
My heart startled at the sight of the person on the other end of the call, at the identity of this spy who had been so close to me for all those years. But my mind would not hold the image. It would not commit it to memory, nor could my heart hold even an impression of the fear and hatred and rage and pure, blind sadness that the sight of it left behind.
I could feel the fear after I awoke, but I could not remember the sense of betrayal. I could not begin to gather any suspicion towards any one of the people in the room, though I knew that I should have been able to. I looked around at them all, as Adam rose from his sleep to be awake with me, as the realization dawned upon him that I had seen something terrible.
“We have to go. We have to go, Adam.” I told him, as I hopped up out of bed. 
“What is that noise?” James asked, from across the room, and he set his glass of water down and zoomed off up the steps, but before he left, I saw how his eyes had turned over to white, how his pupils had elongated. The fight was coming to us, and he sensed it as much as I did.
Adam came to me, grasped my arms first and brought his hands up to rest on my face next, asking me to tell him what I had seen. 
“They’re coming. And now, I can feel them. They’re close. Can’t you feel them?!” 
“No. I cannot feel them, sweetheart. You may just be dreaming still…”
He stopped. Because just then, he realized that he did feel them. It had taken a few minutes longer for him than it had for me. 
“Janna!” He called, and she jerked awake, “Take Idan, Grace, Penny, and Illa, and go into the forest.”
“It is too late, Adam!” I exclaimed, my entire body shaking. “They are here. They are here.” 
“Take them upstairs.”
Who had been on the other end of the phone? Who had told him where we were? The guards had seen us leave on the boat, but Pangaea was huge. The sea surrounding it was even bigger. Someone had known where we had brushed up on shore, and where we had gone once we had entered the jungle. Someone in our group. Someone close to me. The person who had always been there. The one Tyre had mentioned to me so many times. The person who had been near me at the house, in Shadow Village, on the Lapsarian… Someone I loved. One of the people in that room that I had known all along: Rael… Janna… No, Janna had not been with me in the house, but did that matter? Had he ever specifically mentioned the time in the house? Tony. Tony had been with me in the house, in Shadow Village, on the Lapsarian. I had told him so many things, confided in him so many times. 
“Who is it? Who is it? Which one of you is it?” I asked in a trembling whisper, as I looked all around, as Adam tried to calm me, but then, the sound of breaking glass detonated the growing tension in the room, and each of us was scrambling. A canister was spinning on the dusty, wooden floor, filling up the space with toxic smoke. I dove to the ground, my hands slipping and sliding on the dust-and-soot covered planks as I crawled around aimlessly, trying to find her, trying to find Penny. The alarm bells were wailing in my mind, voices were screaming, worlds were burning, and all the while, the prophecy was replaying over and over again, and Tyre was telling me it was someone close to me… 
Coughing, wretching, and scurrying across the floor, I somehow managed to evade the men in black uniforms—Tyre’s elite foot soldiers—who had stampeded into the house. Penny was smart, and she would know to go upstairs to get away from the gas, to escape the men beating down the front door. She would have stood on the staircase, screaming for me, sobbing, but when the door had come down, she would have run, knowing I would catch up, knowing I would follow. I had always held her at night, praying that there was some switch I could turn in her mind that would tell her to save herself, to make her abandon me if the situation called for it. Perhaps those thoughts had nestled their way into her mind and burrowed deep. Perhaps I had been more able to hide them there than I had thought. 
One of the men, wearing a black gas mask, grasped my foot and began to pull me back to him, and I twisted my ankle out of his grasp and kicked him as hard as I could in the face. The mask shattered, shards of the thick plastic burrowed into the flesh of his face, into his eyes, but I did not stop to make sure the damage was sufficient enough to stop him from following me. The spy, the Deep Cover Agent, the one Tyre had implanted beside me for all those years was in the house, and whoever it was, I knew all bets were off now. No more hiding. No more pretending. Even in the utter chaos, I knew that I would know all by the end of that terrible night.
But even without the utter chaos, I never could have prepared myself for the sight behind the door I had thrown open to escape. 
My mind registered one dead body, one limp body, a sea of blood, and James. That initial image expanded slowly, revealing that it was a dead soldier, and that James was holding the limp body, rocking back and forth, and as he did so, the blood streaming from the body’s hair was sending blood splatters pattering across the floor, where they ran together to join the larger sea of blood. The body’s hair was not red. It was not Grace. It was not maroon. It was not Illa. It was… auburn. 
And even as all air left my body, and my ears filled to the brim with dizzying silence, and my mind tumbled away, I walked towards them. And it was then that I saw the knife in her chest. The brown leather grip, the long blade, attached to which were those two smaller blades, the trident… and James’s hand around the grip of it. 
“What have you done?” My voice said, though my ears did not hear my voice say it, and he could barely hear, because I had barely said it.
“It’s supposed to make you go with me.”
“What have you done, James?”
“To him. To Tyre. To the Sanctum.”
I was on my knees, in front of him, and her large, beautiful blue eyes, full of tears, of terror, of pleading, of… confusion, and hurt and pain, slowly losing their light, were looking at me, begging me to hold her, to make the pain stop, to tell her why…
How could I not have known? How could I not have seen it? After all those years?
“Oh, my God, James, what have you done to her? James… Oh, my God… James.”
“It’s over.” He whispered, and I could not look at him, but I could smell the tears falling from his eyes, “It’s done. He said it would happen like this. It’s done, so you’ve got nothing left to lose anymore.”
I was babbling. Her name, his name, looking at her, looking at him, tears beginning to stream as I yanked her from his arms, as I held her to my chest, focused my healing power, knowing it was too late, knowing that I couldn’t do it, my mind was too muddled, too unfocused, too overcome with emotion, too devoid of rationality, too lost in him, too possessed by him, by what he had done, by what he was doing, by how I couldn’t have known, after twenty-five years of hearing about the person buried deeply in our camp, purposely put close to me, how I could not have known or even suspected that it could be him…
“It’s time to end this.” He whispered, and his shaking hand reached out to me, “How many more people have to die before you go to him and help him end this for good? End Adam for good?”
“You did this.” I said, and my voice was still barely a whisper, “You did this… You…”
“It will be over fast, okay? I promise. He said once the war is over, he’ll give you to someone good, okay? You just have to help him end it. He can’t end it without you. So, let’s…” The door banged open, and the five soldiers stood there, training their guns on me, the bright lights on the end of the muzzles shining on me, blinding me. James held his hand up, and they stayed back. 
God, it was true. It was all true.
“Let’s sit here until she goes, okay? And then we’ll… Brynna.” He said warningly, when he saw my body twitch, when my eyes turned over, when my grip on her tightened, and I began to look like I was going to run. “We’ll go, alright? I’m sorry. I’m so sorry it’s like this, Brynna.”
“James…” I whispered, and the tears began to gush from my eyes as Penny whimpered in my arms, as the tears fell from her eyes, as she reached out for him and whispered, “Daddy?”
And it shattered him, too. The sobs convulsed his body, but he did not reach out to take her outstretched hand. If I needed any more proof that it was true, I had it then. He was not a monster. Not completely. He felt guilt for what he had done. He had loved her. I think. But he did not love her enough to take her hand as she lay dying from the mortal wound he had inflicted upon her.
“Don’t touch her!” I screamed, when his hand began to raise, and behind me the window shattered, and the torches in the grate roared to life. The house began to rattle, and James signaled the guards to approach, to switch their guns over to tranquilizers. 
But in a blink, I placed Penny beside a fallen desk, out of harm’s way, and rushed straight into the guards before they could fire the guns. The rage was pumping through me like battery acid, driving me to hit harder, bite deeper, and rip off limps with more force. I do not remember much of the fight, except that by the end, heads were literally rolling across the floor, and there was so much blood splattered across the walls that it looked like a fresh coat of paint. James charged me, and we fell to the ground, actually splashing into the sea of red on the floor, and as he pinned me down with one hand, I watched as he pulled a tranquilizer dart from one of the guns I had used to bash open one of the gas mask-helmets on one of the guards. My knee came up, nailing him between the legs, and I pushed him aside, rolled on top of him, bit down into him wherever I could, ready to kill him, ready to fucking destroy him. My hand came back, my nails scratched across his face, leaving welts deep enough to turn to scars, and he reached up and landed a solid hit across my jaw that left me seeing stars but still able to stagger away from him. I turned, faced him, and as he stood, catching his breath, spitting out the blood from his mouth, I charged him, tackled him around the middle, trying to remember the nights we had fought together, when he had told me his weaknesses, when we had been rehearsing for our fights onboard the Lapsarian, but I could not see those nights, when I had loved him so much, with every part of me, shamelessly, passionately, when we had made love afterwards, when he had held me as I fell asleep. I could not see the nights or the days or the months or the years when I had been so blind to who he was…
He pushed back against me, digging his heels in as I pushed him back towards the broken window, ready to throw him through, to end him forever, that sick bastard, that son of a bitch, that motherfucker, my fucking love, my love, my love… The blood on the floor was making him slip, so the weight advantage he had on me was nothing, and I pushed him across the floor and then shoved once we had reached the window. 
There was a second about which I would remain unsure for many years to come. When my mind would find him after that terrible night, I would remember how just before he fell, he grabbed onto me, his eyes full of fear, because he realized that I was going to push him through, that I was going to kill him. His mind reached out, flailing as desperately as his hands were grabbing, and when our minds connected, I saw that in the forefront of his was that moment from the night before, when he had said that no matter what he did, it was always for me. He had to have been thinking it because he thought that pushing it into my mind would stop me from throwing him through the window. That is what I told myself afterwards, anyway. 
In the moment, though, I pushed that memory from my mind and from his, and sent him hurtling backwards through the broken glass into open space. He grabbed onto me, but then, he let go, and when he tried to hold onto the window frame to stop his fall, his hand was cut on the jagged glass and immediately released its grip. I heard him bang against the outer wall, and I watched as he tumbled away. He was not dead, but after the damage I had inflicted upon him in our fight, coupled with the damage from his fall, he might have been soon.
More guards were coming. Tyre had sent all his best men to the fight, knowing that it would literally take an army to subdue me once my child was gone and the man I had loved for half my life had been revealed to me as the traitor who had long been beside me. 
“Baby…” I whispered, as I lifted Penny and cradled her against my chest. She was crying weakly now, slipping away from me, her body trembling as it slipped into shock, and I tried to focus my mind again on healing her, but I had to get us away from the guards. I slipped and slid in the blood, stumbled over bodies, and then barged through the remnants of the broken door that was blocking my path into the hallway. What had killed the people in this house? Could it have been something as utterly apocalyptic as what had just happened to us? To our family? As what had just shattered us completely? 
The guards were stomping up the stairs, shouting, “It’s her!” and firing. Instinct told me to drop to my knees, to slide across the wooden floor, because they had fired at me while I was standing, and on the ground, their tranquilizer bullets would not find their mark. At the end of the hallway, I rounded a corner, slid on the old rug, busted my knee against the floor, dislocating my kneecap, surely, but I felt no pain. I felt none of it. Not my fear for Penny. Not the betrayal I felt when I thought about James. All I knew was that I had to get away. Maybe I could save her. Maybe once we were hidden away in the jungle, I could focus my mind enough to heal her. 
They were right on my heels, and I knew that I was reaching a dead-end. At the end of the hallway, there were two more bedrooms, and then, there was another large window dead ahead of me. In the bedrooms, I could try to close the door and rappel out a window before the guards broke the door down. But the chances of being that quick while I was holding Penny were slim to none. So, the choice was simple, and I made it quickly, without hesitation. 
With Penny latched to my chest, I let go of her, whacked the decorative vase off the small table just in front of the window, grabbed the table, and threw it through the window to break the glass (but not enough, I am afraid). I turned so my back was facing it, so Penny would not go through the barely broken glass first, and jumped through backwards. My knees tucked up, and my upper body curled down to protect her, so I went through in a reverse-cannonball, and thinking about jumping like a cannonball put Luc into my head, because I remembered how he had loved to show off his pool-jumps. And thinking about Luc reminded me that Penny was dying, that if I lost her, that was two siblings, two innocent lives, that I had lost, and I could not fathom it. As she and I crashed through open space, as we free-fell through the air and crashed onto the ground below, as the wind was snatched from my lungs when I crashed onto the ground, I resolved to simply not accept that her death was a possibility. 
I had turned on my side in mid-air and maneuvered Penny so she would not hit the ground. I had been unable to land on my feet, so I had landed on my side, and I heard a crack, and when I stood at first, my body gave out, but then, the pain disappeared from my consciousness, and I was limping rather quickly towards the jungle. 
Every time I had been severely injured, I had thought that there would never be a moment, except for perhaps when I finally died, in which I would ever be more severely injured. As I hobbled off into the greenery, I was sure that my number was up, and I knew what I had to do. I would sacrifice my life for Penny’s. I would bargain with God or the Gods to take me instead. I would be able to heal her once I had made that bargain. I would pump my life-force into her as I had done to the Warden. My hip was shattered on one side of my body, my knee was shattered on the other, I was stuck through with glass, and bruised and bleeding from my fight with James and the guards. Surely, I would not survive, and even if I could survive, I would still sacrifice my life for hers. I wanted her to grow up, to go to school, to fall in love, if she wanted. I wanted her to learn from the tale of her mother, from the tale of her “father’s” betrayal, but I wanted her to have a happy life, whatever that meant for her. I wanted Adam and Janna to care for her, as I would care for Idan if harm befell them. But I had no idea if they were even alive. I had no idea how far the ripples of that night had gone, how many lives had been lost in the process.
“BRYNNA!” A voice was shouting, and it sounded like James, but it also might have been Adam, or perhaps it was Tony. It was a man shouting, but I could only hear Penny’s breathing rattling more dangerously now. I could only feel my legs finally give out. I crashed down, sitting in the dirt of the forest floor, tears falling from my eyes, noises neither human nor animal falling from me as I held her, a sobbing noise, a moaning noise, and gasps that sounded like each would be the last. 
“Penny, please.” I cried, “Penny, please. Baby, please stay awake. Penny, please. Penny, please. Penny, please. Baby, please.” I begged, “Baby, please. I love you. I love you. Penny, please stay with me.” 
All around me, the jungle was rattling, and I did not care if it was Tyre’s guards, or Adam and Janna and Grace, or God himself. 
“Mama?” She asked, as her wandering eyes finally came to look at me. She opened her mouth to say something else, and I began to dread hearing those words, because surely, she would ask me why? Why had Daddy hurt her? Why had I let Daddy hurt her? Why hadn’t I known? Why hadn’t she known? Surely, if she did not blame me, she would say she loved me, because she knew, in her strange wisdom that was so beyond her years, that no other words truly mattered in the end. Instead, though, she just asked again, “Mama?” And she sounded so lost, so confused, so scared… Again, she asked, “Mama?”
“I’m right here, baby.” I whispered, “I’m right here, baby. My baby, my baby…” 
Her hand came up with great effort, just as the tears of pain fell from her eyes. It rested against my cheek, and for a long moment, our eyes met. For a long moment, I looked at her, and she looked at me, and I felt the love I had felt for her for all those many, many years. I felt the love she had felt for me. I felt the moment she had first been in my arms, the first time I had soothed her cries, the first time I had held her hands as she walked… I saw the nights in our apartment, I saw her in her bassinet under the Christmas tree, as Rachel and I opened the gifts that we had bought for her, all her little onesies and bibs and little infant toys… I saw the nights I had read to her in bed, I saw the night on the ship when she had looked out the great window at the rushing sea of color and light and stars, her eyes alight with wonder, with utter awe. 
And she saw all of it, too.
She saw the nights we had spent in the house in the year after we first arrived. How the three of us—her, James, and me—had stayed up late, playing games, how we had gone swimming in the lake, how she had helped me make meals in the kitchen, how she had played for hours on the lawn with the other children. She saw our time in Shadow Village, when we had lived in our house in the trees. How she and Idan had become the very best of friends. How they had gone to school together, and gotten up to their mischief together. How James had told her stories before bed each night, how she had crawled into bed with us when the thunderstorms frightened her, how she had never felt safer than she had felt when she was with us. How on the Lapsarian, she had counted the hours until we would be with her, how she had dreaded the moment when we left. She saw Violet and Alice and Quinn and Eli and Nick and our mother and even John, whom she had only met once, but whom she had liked. But she saw James, and I did not understand how she could.
She saw our lives together as a family, and she felt no anger, no hurt, no sense of betrayal. She just loved him, despite what he had done. And it was that love she felt for him that shattered me beyond anything else. It was seeing that love that finally erupted the pain inside of me, the unimaginable pain that was unlike anything I had ever felt before in all my years of feeling unimaginable pain. It was how someone so good could be taken in such a terrible way. How my little girl with her beautiful, loving heart, and her eternally kind, beautiful soul could die such an ugly death. 
And she did die. Penny died in my arms just before our first dawn as free people broke the horizon. There is not much I can say about it, even now. What could I possibly say? That it hurt? That it was my worst nightmare coming true? That it was pain beyond the worst pain, that it was grief beyond the worst grief? That there was a sick irony in it, because I had dreaded so long her growing older, her not being my little girl anymore, and then she died as a little girl in my arms? That I was so stupid, that I had not realized that she was the one I had loved the longest, that the prophecy had been about her? I could say all those things, because they are all true. But I cannot say anything else about it. In the same way that James had “saved” me from dying in the destruction of Earth, I had then saved Penny. I had brought her to a faraway land to keep her safe, to give her a chance at a life, but instead, I had brought her to a world more disgusting and broken and sad and sick than the world we had left. It is so sad. It is so incomprehensible, even now.
Adam was in front of me. His hand was on my blood-smeared cheek. I had never seen him cry like he was crying then, as he said my name, as he tried to elicit some response from me, but as I just sat, still as the dead, eyes as blank as hers, as he felt in my heart every part of me falling away, every piece of the person I had been before that moment—that ultimate, horrific moment—dissolve, and when time had passed, and they tried to take her from my arms, he got his response. 
The scream that erupted from me sent a wave of energy so powerful it knocked them back. My fangs had shot out, my body was shaking, and my power was beginning to run rampant, on its own, wreaking havoc on my heart’s behalf. Behind us, the house caught on fire and burned to the ground, and around us, the trees began to fall, and a mile from us, the ocean began to lash against the shore, and from the heavens, ice began to pour. It settled on the foliage, freezing it, turning it white with frost first, and then black with rot. And as I held her tighter, I screamed until my voice buckled. 
One of them took her from me, and just when I thought my ability to make any sound at all had been exhausted, my scream turned midway into a roar. Somehow, my broken body managed to throw itself up, and I managed to charge forward, but Adam’s arms were around me, holding me back. I was strong, stronger than I should have been, so strong that each time I thrust myself forward, roaring in utter rage, I pulled him with me, until finally, he lifted me off of my feet. 
“Take her.” Adam said, his voice broken, nearly unrecognizable, “You have to take her away, Tony.”
Tony crying. Sobbing. Holding Penny. 
“NO!” I shrieked, my roars dissolving into screams again, into words. “NO! PENNY! PENNY! PENNY! Oh, God…” I moaned, “Oh, God… NO!”
How could I not have known? How could I not have seen it? It was right there, all along. He was right there all along.
The one you have loved the longest… The one you have loved the longest…
And she was gone. She was lost to me. 
“Penny! Penny! Oh, God… Oh, my God…”
Why had she paid the price for my ignorance? Why did it have to be her? 
“Penny, please. Penny, please. Penny, please. Penny, please…”
It was burning through me. It was ripping me apart, that pain. My cheeks were burning, and yet inside, I felt so cold. Everything was broken. Everything was lost. Why had it been her? Why had it been her? Why had it been her? Why had it been her?
“Oh, God… Why didn’t I see it? Why didn’t I see it? Oh, God… Oh, my God…”
It was the wound that would never stop bleeding. It was the end of time. It was the final extinction. The irreparable shattering. The cataclysm. The ultimate, absolute conclusion.
 “Penny.”
The irreversible reckoning.

The fourth book in the Eternity series will be available in Late 2015/Early 2016
Follow T. Rudacille on her blog, T. Rudacille is Shamelessly Self-Promoting, for updates and sneak peeks, and follow her on Twitter @teerudyeternity!
Thank you for reading!



