Ben
by
Cody Young
Ebook Edition
Copyright 2014 by Cody Young

This book is also available in print.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, organizations, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
Contents
Prologue
First Time
Asthma
Layla
Seven More Minutes
Phone Call
Decision
Rook’s Nest
Paperwork
Makeup
Restaurant 
Taking Her Home
Doubts
The Flower Market
Mr. Birch
Prison
First Kiss
Rumbled
Stabbed
Gone
Tracey
Fizz Club
Beaten
Old Geezer
Hard Sell
His Place
Richmond
Ben’s Girl
Independence
Charity Dinner
Baby
Weekend in the Country
Ben’s Room
Fatherly Advice
Dinner Gong
Trust
Cheating
Pleasure
Honolulu
No Return
The Meeting
Birch Boys
Jimmy
Gunshot
Get a Room
Waking Up
Ambulance
Bad News
Dirty Work
Confusion
Last Straw
Epilogue
Read more by Cody Young

Prologue
Two young doctors breezed through the waiting room like rising stars from the Screen Actors Guild. Both of them were tall, with smartly-styled dark hair and traditional white coats. One of them was rather attractive and the other, indecently good-looking.
Men like that turn girls’ heads, thought the man sitting near the door, as a dozen people looked up from their battered copies of Hello magazine. Curiosity piqued inside him as the pair went by, capturing hearts like some people pick up fleas. Women love men like that. He glanced jealously at the girl sitting next to him, to see if she was doing a double take instead of reading her magazine like he had told her to.
And yes, she was looking, like everyone else. 
“Layla!” he scolded. “Mind your own business, not theirs.”
But her gaze followed the doctors and her head turned as she tuned in to what they were saying. He couldn’t slap her – not here with all these other people watching. “Layla!”
Dr Better-than-Average was showing Dr Male Model the layout of the reception area. He seemed to be showing him the ropes – pointing out features of special interest like the new computer and the receptionist who would bring you a coffee if you asked her nicely. 
“As you can see, it’s a full house here on a Monday,” said Better-than-Average, waving a smooth hand in the direction of the waiting room – which was packed with people, young and old, nursing all kinds of injuries and ailments. “It’s important to buy into our general rule that consultations should take about seven minutes.”
Dr Male Model must be the new boy, because he looked up and said, “Seven minutes?”
Ah, an idealist, maybe? A man with a conscience, wanting to do his best and give a bit more? Never mind, Doctor, you’ll soon be cured of that, working here.
“A great deal can be achieved in seven minutes,” said Better-than-Average, handing his new colleague a patient’s file. “I find it adequate in most cases. Of course, you can take a little more if you need to make a referral to a specialist, and a little less if you get something easy. Chicken pox, for example, can often be diagnosed before the patient’s bottom lands in the seat.” 
He spoke in a loud confident voice and didn’t seem to care that he was breaking some illusions.  
“Hear that?” whispered the man to the girl. “Seven minutes. That’s all you’ll get with him, if you’re lucky. So don’t mess it up. Understand?”
And the girl nodded. And then she looked again at the young doctor – the new boy, with the smart dark hair and the promise of a kind heart – and her face changed. She put a hand over her eyes like she wanted to run and hide.
 “Can’t do it,” she said. “Don’t make me.”
And then she got up and tried to head for the door. 	
“Come here!” said the man, grasping her skinny arm and trying to make her sit down again. But she twisted and squirmed until she was free, and darted out of the door and into the street.
First Time
Ben had almost made it through his first day. He was aware that working in the East End of London would be a challenge, but he was young and he valued the experience. He’d had a full day, packed with difficult decisions. Who needed his help and who didn’t? Who genuinely wanted pain relief and who just needed a fix? Who was lying about their symptoms and who was here for a chat and a gawk at the new doctor, that kind of thing. He picked up the manila folder. The last one for the day. He looked at the name of the patient. Last name: Gilbert. First name: Layla. 
He walked to the doorway of the waiting room, as he had done more than forty times today.
“Layla,” he said, and two people looked up, only one of whom could be the owner of the name. So for extra clarity he added, “Layla Gilbert.”
A man – grey and paunchy – rose to his feet and made the girl sitting next to him get up too. “Come on, girl. It’s your turn now.”
She was skinny and shy. She wore a pale blue sweatshirt with the hood pulled up over her head and the sleeves pulled down over her wrists. She was cold. Or scared. Or both. The man was much older – he could have been fifty, even. Ben had the definite impression that he’d seen this pair earlier this morning – they were the ones who’d disappeared before the girl’s name was called. He frowned. He was in no mood for patients who couldn’t make up their minds, when it was so hard to fit them all in. 
Ben said, “Come with me.”
“Good of you to accommodate us, doctor,” said the man. 
The three of them went into the consulting room, and they all sat down in the usual formation. The doctor at his desk, with the manila folder in front of him, and the patient and the chaperone on a pair of plastic seats nearby. 
“I’m Dr Stein,” Ben explained. “I’m taking over Dr Barrymore’s caseload.”
The man sniffed. “Gone to pastures new, has he?”
“Edinburgh.”
The man accepted this without further comment. “This is my step-daughter, Layla. She needs to get tested. ASAP.”
“Tested for what?”
“Everything. I want to know she’s clean, see?”
The girl looked up at this point. She had big, grey eyes, and she looked like she might have been crying. “I am clean.”
Ben frowned. “I’m not sure I know what we’re talking about, here.”
“New to the Rookeries, are you?” said the man, with a smile that revealed missing teeth. 
“As I said, I’m taking over from Dr Barrymore.”
The man laughed. A laugh that turned into a cough. Ben had his suspicions about that cough, but then he dismissed that problem. The girl was supposed to be the patient. He was giving her the benefit of his wisdom for the next seven minutes. Or six, or whatever was left. So he addressed his next question to her, “What seems to be the problem?”
“I’ll be forthright with you, Doctor,” said the man, answering for her.  “She’s sixteen, almost. And you know what they’re like at that age, don’t you? Well. We need to find out if she’s caught anything. Want to do our best by her, if you know what I mean. Make sure she’s being a good girl.”
Best to call a spade a spade, thought Ben. “Are we talking about sexually transmitted diseases?”
“Yeah. Can we get her tested today?”
Ben looked at the girl. Questioningly. She looked straight back at him and he thought he saw her shake her head, almost imperceptibly, inside her hood. He frowned. He glanced down at her case notes, lying on the table. He studied the details written there, as if that might help him. This was an unusual request. 
“I think we’ll start with blood pressure,” he said, playing for time – which he didn’t really have. 
The girl still hadn’t said a word. He got out the blood pressure cuff and asked her to push up her sleeve. She obeyed, wordlessly. He put on the cuff. Did up the Velcro around the patient’s arm as he had done many thousands of times. Her skin was very pale. Very soft. Very smooth. 
While he was pumping up the cuff he looked at her and asked, “Is there any reason why we should test for STDs, Layla? Any symptoms I need to know about?”
“No,” she whispered.
“Now, Layla,” the stepfather said. “You promised you wouldn’t be difficult.”
Ben turned to the man. “Mr…Gilbert? Oh, you said step-father, didn’t you? Would you mind stepping outside for a moment? I’d like to speak to Layla on her own.”
“I would mind. I’m her guardian, see. And she’s underage. She needs someone with her.”
The girl looked harrowed, Ben could see that, but somehow he doubted she was only fifteen.
“She’s old enough to speak for herself, surely?” He glanced down at the notes, and for the first time he spotted a mistake. Her age. Her date of birth. It did not tally with what the man was saying. She was almost two years older than he’d been told. Almost eighteen. “Um…it says here under date of birth−”
“Doctor, I can’t breathe!” The girl put her hand on the case notes, obscuring the information he was referring to. “Please! I get asthma. I can’t breathe.”
She stood up, gasping and holding a hand to her chest. Ben had seen plenty of asthma in his time, and this particular attack had a certain theatrical quality. 
“Oh. Okay. Steady now. Sit back in your seat and try to relax.”
The girl wouldn’t obey him, not this time. She flailed her arms, gasping, and the blood pressure cuff and its plastic tube flailed with her. 
“Let’s get this off, shall we?” Ben said, reaching over to try and undo the cuff for her, before she pulled the whole thing off the desk. He realized as he did so, that he had no idea what the reading was. 
The girl was already ripping off the Velcro that held the cuff, continuing to take impressive but not especially asthmatic gasps. She pulled down her sleeve and rubbed her arm as if the presence of the cuff had hurt her. Then, in her agitation, she pushed back her hood, revealing blonde hair – choppy and uneven like she’d cut it herself. She had an appealing face like a pixie, delicate bone structure, and a pale shapely neck. Ben stared. In other circumstances he might have thought she was pretty, but she was his patient. And she was in a terrible state about something – anyone could see that. 
“Right,” he said, trying to invest his voice with more authority than he commanded, just at that present moment. “I’d like to get this asthma under control, first.”
The girl looked at him, with what seemed like scared gratitude. 
“Oh, come on, Layla,” the stepfather said. “Stop pissing about. She ain’t got asthma. She needs a good kick up the backside. That’s what she needs.”
Ben turned on the man. “I’m sorry but I must ask you to let me do the diagnosis, if you don’t mind.” He turned to the girl. “Can you come and sit on the edge of my consulting couch. I want to get this breathing sorted out.”
She went and sat on the edge of the high couch thing, as instructed, and Ben went over there and swept the blue curtain across behind him with a flourish, shielding the girl from that hideous beast of a stepfather for a moment. It was the best he could do. 
But now Ben had to play along with the pantomime.  He cleared his throat. “I’m just going to listen to your chest for a moment. Is that alright?”
She nodded. She put her hand on the front of her hoodie. “Do I need to take this off?”
“Yes,” he said. 
So she did. She hauled it up and over her head. 
And revealed that she was wearing some kind of vicious elastic device around her torso. The purpose of which seemed to be to flatten her breasts. Ben stared at it. This was completely beyond the realm of his medical studies. No wonder she couldn’t breathe with that thing on. It must be suffocating her. 
But Layla put a finger to her lips, and her big grey eyes begged him not to comment on it. So Ben said nothing. There was a line of hooks and eyes down the front of the elastic thing, and she struggled to get the hooks undone. 
Ben fingered the end of his stethoscope, nervously. 
She got it open and her breasts tumbled out. She looked up at him like she felt utterly mortified, having to do this, for no real reason. But he was at a loss to know what other tactic he could have tried. She’d thrown the fake asthma attack, after all. And she’d thrown him into complete confusion. 
He approached her and laid the end of the stethoscope on her skin, right between her breasts. 
“Big breaths,” he said, and almost immediately wished he hadn’t. He cleared his throat. “I meant to say… breathe naturally.”
The girl took a couple of breaths and her perfect curves moved with her. Ben tried to take refuge in his professionalism. She wasn’t the first pretty girl he’d ever examined. He moved his stethoscope slightly, listening intently to her chest. It was, as he could have predicted, perfectly clear. “It’s okay, Layla. It’s okay.”
And she looked at him, with her big grey eyes almost brimming with tears. And then she whispered two words. Two words that seemed to change everything. 
“Help me.”
Asthma
Help her? He was trying to help her. He wasn’t sure exactly how many minutes they’d already had together, but he had a feeling they were into extra time. 
“Please. I don’t want the tests.” She mouthed the words almost silently. But he could hear them. “Bad things will happen to me...”
He cleared his throat and moved his stethoscope again. Her desperate request and the bizarre intimacy of the moment almost floored him. He was pretty sure the man on the other side of the blue curtain wasn’t her stepfather – since he didn’t even know how old his ‘daughter’ was. 
Ben tried to think fast. “You have a history of asthma,” he said, in a loud voice, for the benefit of the man on the other side of the curtain. It was a safe bet; he’d read it in her case notes. “Do you use a preventer?”
“Y-yes. Sometimes,” she said. Her voice was shaky but also loud enough for the so-called stepdad to hear. “I think I’ve run out…”
“I’ll write you a script. Put your clothes back on, please.” Ben was careful not to dislodge the curtain as he returned to his desk. He sensed that Layla didn’t want a spectator while she struggled back into her extraordinary underwear. 
The man sitting by the desk looked angry. “There’s nothing wrong with her, is there, Doc? Just kicking up a fuss, ain’t she?”
Ben sat down, picked up his pen and made a few important-looking squiggles on her case file, and then turned to the man. He spoke with exaggerated gravity. “You were quite right to bring Layla to see me today. Many a parent would have missed the signs of the asthma developing. I’m most impressed, Mr…”
“Leach.”	
Ah, the name of a blood-sucker. How appropriate. “Mr. Leach. Well, as I say, you’ve done well to spot the signs. It’s dangerous to ignore asthma. She’s quite agitated, too, which makes it difficult to assess her condition accurately. I’d like to see her again on Wednesday. When she’s been on the preventer for a couple of days.”
“What about the tests?”
“We can go into that in greater detail then. Can you be here when the surgery opens, do you think?”
“What? You want me to bring her here at nine o’clock in the morning?” 
Ben almost smiled inside, but managed to maintain his gravitas. Men like Mr. Leach never wanted the early appointments. “Eight. We open at eight.”
The man sank back in his chair and let out a long breath. “Eight o’clock in the ruddy morning?”
The girl, fully clothed now, slipped back into her chair. “I’ll come down, Ray, and get the tests done if you want me to.”
Ben nodded, gravely. “Good, good.” He reached for his prescription pad and squiggled on it some more. He ripped the sheet from the pad and handed it to the girl with a flourish. 
“Why can’t you do the tests now?” said the man, with a flush of irritation rising behind the sparse grey stubble on his face. 
“I can only treat the presenting symptom, I’m afraid,” said Ben, and looked at the man as if they shared deep common sympathies. “Blame the NHS.”
Mr Leach looked angry, but Ben knew he’d have to buy it. 
Ben stood up, to indicate that the consultation was over. Reluctantly, the man stood up too, and so did Layla. Ben opened the door of the consulting room for them. The man went out first. Then the girl – glancing up at Ben as she went past. From the look in her eyes, you’d think Ben had either made medical history or pulled off an act of extraordinary heroism and bravery. 

*  *  *

Crossing the car park, Ben was heading gratefully towards his car, needing to get home. He was looking forward to taking off his shoes, his tie, his leather belt and crisply-pressed trousers - all the outward trappings of being a London doctor. A bowl of rice crispies in front of the television was looking inexplicably attractive. 
“You survived your first day!” 
Ben turned and saw Ravi, the doctor who had shown him the ropes this morning. “Yes. Interesting.”
“Come and have a drink to celebrate. Dmitri will be over at the Thirsty Whale, saving us a seat. We could do the post-mortem over there.” 
Ben didn’t want to go – he enjoyed a drink, yes, but he was tired. Unfortunately, the social part of being a doctor could be almost as important as the book-learning. Ben knew that. He’d survived ten years of med school parties and hospital fundraisers and sharing flats with stuck-up trainee surgeons. 
“I’m keen,” he said, wearily.
“You’ll feel better after a drink,” said the colleague, patting Ben on the back. 
Yes, the thought of the alcohol was some compensation. He could just have one. So Ben nodded and they headed across to the bar. 
Dmitri, the third doctor, was already in a booth by the window. He got up and waved and offered to shake Ben’s hand – which he did with a firm, friendly grip. He was vaguely Russian and still had a trace of an accent, whereas Ravi spoke with the crisp, clipped tones of someone who’s British prep school had cost his parents a great deal of money. 
“Call me Dima,” the Russian one said. “Less formal, and easier to say.”
Ravi handed Ben the wine list. “What’s your medication, doctor?”
Ben looked at the wine list and decided that to avoid disappointment, he’d better stick to beer. His father was a wine importer. Ben had acquired some expensive tastes. 
“I’m buying,” said Ben, and the others smiled and outlined their requirements. 
When they were settled back in the booth with drinks in their hands, Ben decided to ask them – in sketchy, general terms – about the situation he’d found himself in, with Layla. 
“I had a bizarre consultation today,” he said.
Ravi smiled – he had warm, understanding brown eyes. He must be popular with his patients, Ben thought. “Yes. Some of the locals can be very entertaining.”
“This one was more odd than entertaining,” Ben said. “A girl lying about her age – reducing it by a couple of years. Why would she do that? Teenagers usually want to be older, not younger.” 
Dmitri shrugged. “Cheap travel on the buses. Kid’s tickets at the cinema?”
“No. I don’t think so. Her so-called stepfather brought her in asking for a raft of tests to be done.”
Dmitri looked at Ravi and Ravi looked at Dmitri, who raised his brows, expressively.  “Oh,” the Russian doctor said. “One of those.”
Ravi explained. “I would assume he wants to get her working, you know what I mean, and maybe she’s trying to argue that she isn’t legal yet.”
Ben listened and thought about this theory. It fitted the facts, as he had gauged them. “She was wearing a kind of corset thing.”
Dmitri gave him a wry look. “Maybe she’s working already, then. Was it red?”
“No. I think it was to make herself look younger – to hide her breasts.”
Ravi frowned. “What was the man like? The so-called stepfather?”
“Said his name was Leach. About forty-five. Grey hair. Paunchy. He coughed like an addict.”
“I know the one,” said Ravi. “Ray Leach. He’s always got a new girl in tow.”
“He’s friends with that man who runs The Fizz Club isn’t he?” Dmitri said. 
“The Fizz Club?” Ben said, raising an eyebrow. “What’s that, exactly? Is it some kind of gym?”
“No. It’s a bar. At night it turns into a ‘gentleman’s club’ and I’ve heard it specializes in so-called clean girls. Kids new to the game, mainly.” Ravi said. “I believe someone from there was jailed for trading in underage girls. But they didn’t pin it on the man who runs the club."
Dmitri smiled. “They wouldn’t. He could get away with murder.” 
“Are you talking about Birch?” said Ravi.
Dmitri gave a very Russian shrug. “Who else?” 
Ben frowned. “What’s all this? Who’s Birch?”
“Somebody enlighten the new boy,” said Dmitri, picking up his drink.
Ravi took on that task. “This is gangland, Ben. Our medical centre is right smack in the middle of it. If that wasn’t made clear to you when you applied for the job, then I think it should be made clear now. Mr Birch is a very important figure in this community. The Birch Boys run this whole area. And you don’t want to cross them. Ever.”
“Oh, I see.” Ben stared into the bottom of his beer glass, processing the information, presenting the appearance of a man who could take this in his stride. He’d wanted to work here. He’d asked for it. The challenge of a poor neighbourhood. The thrill of making a difference. It was his choice. “So the girl who came to see me – she’ll end up working for Mr Birch?”
“Of course,” said Dmitri. If she’s young and she’s pretty. He’ll see the profit to be made. He’ll run her like a taxi. Until she’s too sick and tired to run anymore.”
“Somebody should stop that,” Ben murmured.
“People talk about standing up to him. But no one ever does.”
“Why not?” said Ben.
Dmitri laughed. “Who wants to be a martyr?”
Ben thought about the girl. “She said bad things would happen to her. She asked me to stall, on the tests.”
“You can try,” said Ravi. “But eventually he’ll take her somewhere else. At least if that happens, it’s not on your conscience.”
Oh, but it would be, Ben thought. It already was. The look in the girl’s eyes. Help me. It was seared into his mind.
Layla
Layla looked down at her baby brother, cradled in her arms. He was almost asleep, but every now and then he would try to open his eyes again. “Don’t fight it, Jaydee. Go to sleep.”
Poor little thing, he was only eleven months and too young to be without his mother. “She’ll be back, baby. And when she comes home she’ll be all better.”
It was a desperate hope. Layla’s mother had been off crack for about three years – during which time she’d met Jayden’s father, had a tempestuous relationship and a premature baby, and then gone back on crack when the sleepless nights started to wear her down. Jayden’s father still loafed around the Rookeries, and once he came over with a toy panda, but he’d never been any real help. 
Layla took the baby into the bedroom that she shared with both of her brothers. The only other bedroom was occupied by Ray Leach, who had moved in only a few days before her mother had gone to the rehabilitation centre. She’d never have let him in at all if she’d been in her right mind – and now Layla couldn’t get rid of him.
Layla put the baby into his cot, and pulled the string on the little plastic house that played a lullaby. Then she went back into the lounge and started to clear up after Ray’s little party last night. 
Whenever Ray had a little party, Layla did her best to stay out of the way. It was safest if she stayed in the bedroom, cross-legged on the floor with her two younger brothers – trying very hard to look about ten-years-old. The younger the men thought she was, the less likely she was to attract any attention. For that reason, she wore clothes that covered anything that Ray’s friends might like to get to grips with. She wore grey hoodies, shapeless baggy pants, old anoraks with broken zips. Anything that might help her hide what nature had given her. Her best friend Tracey had helped her make the horrible elastic thing that flattened her figure. They had worked on it together, taking turns to sew on the hooks and eyes that went down the front.
Tracey had actually cried when Layla cut her hair off. Tracey had said it was a crime to cut such beautiful hair. Layla’s long blonde hair had come right down her back towards her waist. But even before Ray came on the scene it was attracting too much attention. From all the wrong type of people. So Layla had used a small pair of kitchen scissors to get rid of it. She chopped it short at the back like a boy – and a bit longer on the top so it fell into her eyes and gave her something to hide behind. By the time she put the scissors down, her best friend was in tears.
Layla had tried to make her feel better. “I read a magazine that said if you don’t like your best friend’s haircut, you’ve got to lie through your teeth so you don’t hurt her feelings.”
“B-but you had such beautiful hair. You were so lucky. You looked like a model.” Poor Tracey sobbed and sniffed, and said it was a shame. Then she’d spent the next few minutes picking up long strands of Layla’s hair from off the bedroom carpet. 
“You’re not keeping them, are you?”
“Yes. I am,” Tracey had told her. “I’ll never have hair like that myself. Not if I live to be a thousand. And you don’t want it, do you? So I’m going to keep it in my box of treasures.”
Layla thought about Trace and her box of treasures now, as she cleared the little coffee table in the council flat, gathering up empty cans, beer bottles and even an empty vodka bottle that was lying in the valley in the middle of the couch. Tracey was a good friend, only fourteen, but kind and wise beyond her years. Layla wished the poor kid had nicer things to count as treasure than a few pieces of junk jewellery from the Oxfam shop, a royal wedding souvenir badge, and a lot of Layla’s long blonde hair. 
There was a chipped semi-circular mirror in the room, with bevelled edges. It had come off an old dresser that Layla’s grandmother had owned when she was a kid. A relic from the 1940s. It hung on the wall above the television. But Layla didn’t look. Not these days, it was too depressing. She concentrated on the tidying up. Removing the empties and the bits of foil and the cigarette ends. She didn’t want Jayden crawling around amongst all that stuff when he woke up after his nap. And Bradley, who was nine now, would want to sit in front of the TV and play his video games if he thought the coast was clear. They kept the games and the console hidden inside Bradley’s mattress and only got them out when no one was around. If they didn’t, Ray would take them and try and sell them. Poor Bradley. None of this was his fault. So she fussed and tidied and tried hard to make the place look like a normal home. One that she didn’t have to be ashamed of. 
Then, after she’d cleaned and vacuumed and polished the windows and let a bit of fresh air into the place, she went into the bathroom and had a shower. She took off the ugly frowsy clothes and let them fall on the floor in a heap. She turned on the water and stepped under the shower head – letting water course down over what she knew full well was a beautiful body. She closed her eyes and let the water splash down onto her face, and between her breasts. She washed the dust out of what was left of her hair and flicked it back, spraying droplets of warm water around in the shower. And just for a moment, under the warm water, she let herself dream – about a man with understanding eyes and a face so attractive it almost hurt to remember. The doctor – who had helped her, who had touched her – the man who spoke to her gently, and said, “It’s okay, Layla, it’s okay.” 
Seven More Minutes
He was almost afraid he’d never see her again, so it was with some relief that he saw her file waiting for him in the slot beside the archway. He took the file and walked through to the waiting room to find her, knowing he was a little too keen to see her. She looked up and smiled when he said her name, and Ben’s heart demonstrated that it was quite capable of tachycardia. 
He had hoped she would be alone and she wasn’t, but at least Ray Leach wasn’t there. 
Her companions were different this time. A shy pale boy of about eight, quite clearly her brother. And a baby of approximately one year, very messy and red in the face, probably teething. She held the baby in her arms, and for a moment Ben wondered if the child was her own – Layla was full of surprises. But then he remembered, with perfect clarity, her breasts. She had pale rosy pink nipples – the sure sign of a girl who had never been pregnant.
Oh, he couldn’t give in to thoughts like that. It wasn’t right to sexualize what should be a clinical relationship, and he was a man who tried to do what was right. Most of the time. 
“Come through, come through,” he said and they all trooped into the consulting room again. Ben drew out a cardboard box of plastic toys from under his desk and indicated that perhaps the children would like to look at them. The older boy looked at them in disdain and stayed where he was. The baby stretched out his arms, enthusiastically, but Layla kept tight hold of him. 
“It’s alright,” Ben said. “There’s nothing in there that could hurt him. I’ve checked.”
Layla smiled and let the child down off her knee to look at the toys. She wore jeans and an anorak with a broken zip, but it was open at the front and underneath she had a white shirt on – with two cute little pockets right over her breasts. He suspected, from the curves that tantalised his sight, that she’d left the elastic thing at home. 
Then he knew he’d have to begin – they only had seven minutes. “You seemed upset, when you came to see me on Monday…”
“You were brilliant, doctor. A total genius,” she said, her pretty face glowing with gratitude.
Ben was flattered, though he tried to hide it. “Oh, I don’t know about that.”
“You were amazing,” she said. “You just seemed to understand, without me having to say anything.” 
She looked at him like he was Apollo the God of Healing, and for a few golden seconds he let himself believe it too, because her admiration was so sincere. Then he felt a sense of panic. Hero worship was a powerful drug, and he was feeling the rush. He couldn’t just sit here and let her shoot him up intravenously. He stared at her case-notes in desperation, wondering what to do, knowing he must take pains not to encourage her. “That man who was with you last time. He can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do. It’s your life. Your body. It should be your choice.” 
She sighed. “I’m from the Rookeries, doctor, and a girl from the Rookeries don’t get much choice. Ray Leach thinks it’s time I started earning my keep, if you know what I mean.”
“I do,” he said, feeling like he needed to grip the table. Yes, plenty of men would part with their hard-earned cash for a good time with Layla. Unwelcome images came into his mind, including a disturbing one involving his own wallet. “I know what you mean.”
“I thought you didn’t, at first,” she said. “But then, when you helped me, I knew you understood.”  
Ben recognized perfectly well that he’d got through the last consultation on sheer luck and audacity. He wasn’t especially good at understanding women, and Layla, in particular, had presented a challenge. “Well, it’s my job to try to understand.”
She smiled. “You’re kind. And you’re very clever.”
Their eyes met for a second, as if they were together in a smoky bar. And he knew, in that instant, that if they had been together in a crowded bar somewhere, he would have offered to buy her a drink. And the way she gazed into his eyes, she’d have said yes. And the whole thing would have begun, then and there…
He glanced down at her file. “Maybe you can tell me a bit more. Now that we’re alone.”
But they weren’t alone. The boy sniffed and shifted in his seat. And the baby cooed and sucked the head of a wooden horse and wriggled his chubby legs. 
The girl didn’t seem to know where to begin, except to say, very quietly, “Ray Leach has got his hooks into me.”
So Ben asked her, “Is he your boyfriend?”	
“No. I’ve never had a boyfriend,” she said, and looked up at Ben, meaningfully. “And I wouldn’t choose Ray Leach for my first one, would I?”
Ben processed her statement, which stirred another series of highly unprofessional thoughts in his brain, and other parts of his body. He cleared his throat. “So what’s going on, then?”
“He’s just some random guy my mum got involved with. We all hate him, but he’s looking after us.” 
“But if your mother knew what he wanted to do to you, wouldn’t she ask him to leave?” 
“She would, but my mum’s not here. She’s in rehab and she was lucky to get in. She’ll be away for the next six weeks.”
Ben saw some hope in this statement. “If he’s not your legal guardian, I don’t see how he…”
“He can. He’s got friends – important ones. He’d sell me today if he could, but his friends ran into some trouble over underage girls last year. That’s why I have to keep saying I’m younger than I am. If Ray knew I was past sixteen – or worse – almost eighteen, he’d be rubbing his hands in glee. When he does find out, he’ll have me sold off at his club before you can say ‘hello, sailor’.”
“I see,” Ben nodded, trying to honour what she’d shared with him, trying to act as if he heard this sort of admission every day of the week. It was a lot for a young girl to confide in a man she hardly knew.  It was a lot for a young man to hear, and left him struggling with emotions she forced him to face.
“The manager of the club gets all the girls to have a test, you see. So the punters know what they’re getting. Or not getting.” Layla paused. “That’s why I can’t have those tests.”
This seemed to him to be the answer. Avoid the tests. Buy time. “You don’t have to have them. It’s your right to refuse.” 
“It doesn’t work like that.” She was beginning to sound disillusioned, like she was thinking Ben must be rather thick. “At the Rookeries, everybody belongs to someone, and at the moment, like it or not, I belong to Ray Leach.”
“You don’t. You should go to the police,” Ben said. 
She laughed. “You can’t be serious? I can’t nark on Ray. I’d be mincemeat living in the Rookeries. At least he’s looking after us. Protecting us from the others.”
The boy, Layla's brother, turned and smiled. Ben realized with a start that the kid was following every word of the conversation. A conversation about turning his sister into a whore. Ben had a sister that he loved, and for a moment he tried to imagine how he would have felt if he’d had to listen to this. And he couldn’t understand why they all looked on that revolting man as their protector. Ben tried to ignore the boy, it was too disconcerting. 
He turned to Layla, “About the children…”
“Don’t say it.” 
But Ben said it. “I could talk to the social services.”
“Don’t you dare.”
The boy scowled, and looked at Layla for reassurance. 
“It’s alright, Bradley, he won’t do it.”
So Ben confirmed this. “As you wish.”
The boy, Bradley, looked visibly relieved. 
Ben tried a different tack. “There are several agencies that can help.” He picked up two pamphlets that were lying ready on his desk. One about a ‘women’s collective’ that promised to help ex-prostitutes. Another from a women’s refuge. He handed them to Layla.
“Those old biddies down there can’t help me,” she said. She flashed her big, grey eyes at him, almost angrily. “They can’t help anyone from the Rookeries. It’s a different world in there.”
Ben nodded. “Yes. I’m beginning to believe it.”
The girl looked down at the pamphlets as if the very sight of them offended her. Like they represented some kind of betrayal. When she looked back up at Ben, he saw that her lovely grey eyes were brimming with tears. 
Tears that affected him, deeply. “I’m sorry, Layla, I’m not sure what you expect me to do…”
Suddenly the girl looked very sad and lonely. She put the pamphlets back on the corner of his desk.  
“Please take them with you,” Ben said, and handed the pamphlets back to her. 
But she shook her head and with tears starting to fall, she tore the pamphlets in two and dropped them into his waste paper bin. “I don’t understand. It seemed like you really wanted to help me on Monday.”
He hesitated. Not sure what to reply. “Of course I want to help. I’m your doctor…”
She looked very melancholy. “I think you can only delay what’s going to happen to me. But thank you, all the same.” She called to the baby. “Come on Jayden, we’re going home now.”
Feeling like he’d failed, Ben picked up the baby for her, and caught sight of something moving in the fine, soft hair on the child’s fragile head. “The baby’s got head lice, I’m afraid.”
“I know.”
“You can get treatment for it from the chemist,” he said.  “Without prescription.”
“Yes. But it costs money. I’m doing my best with vinegar and washing-up liquid.”
“I don’t think vinegar and washing-up liquid are all that effective.”
She glanced up at him, defensively. “Well, that’s what I’ve got.”
He was silent for a moment. There were so many things about her world that he didn’t understand. “I’m going to need to think about …your situation.”
She nodded and got up to go. Then suddenly, she blurted, “Why did you do it? Why did you lie to protect me on Monday?”
Inside, he panicked in search of better words. “It seemed like the right thing to do. And I felt very…concerned about you.”
She looked at him, a direct, disconcerting look.  “Do you like me, doctor?” 
He knew the answer to that. Yes, Layla, I like you. But he had to deny it. Lie to her, Ben. Lie to her. Seconds ticked past and he didn’t deny it, and perhaps that told her the truth. “Um. It’s essential that we keep this professional. Isn’t it?”
There was no hero worship in her eyes when she left.
He sat with his head in his hands in his empty consulting room. Minutes ticked past. Eventually there was a knock on the door and Ravi put his head into the room. “Are you alright, doctor?”
“Of course I'm alright.”
“Not used to the pace, yet, are you?”
“It’s not the pace. It’s the people,” Ben said quietly. But that wasn’t true. None of the others made him feel like she did. She was unique. 
Ravi smiled. “You can do it. We’ve got to keep getting through them, that’s all. Diagnose and sign the script, those are the only two things you need to do, remember?”
Yes. But they weren’t the only things he wanted to do.
Phone Call
In his lunch hour, Ben closed the door of the consulting room and phoned Barrymore, the doctor who went to Edinburgh. He’d spent eight years in this job. He must know how things tick. 
“I need a crash course in how things work at the Rookeries,” Ben explained. 
The Scottish doctor laughed. “You should have looked into that before you took the job, sonny.”
“I thought I had. I wanted to work in a deprived area. I want to make a difference. But someone has come to see me with a problem I know nothing about.”
“Oh yes?”
“I think it’s a trafficking situation.”
“Then it’s not your department, doctor. You deal with medical issues. Not social problems.”
“Is that what you did. Ignored them?”
“The social problems? Yes. I’d advise you to do the same.”
“But, one of my patients.... well, she begged me to help her. Some thug who isn’t even related to her is demanding that I test her for diseases she hasn’t got, so that she can start working as a prostitute.”
“And you felt sorry for this girl?” Barrymore said, with a hint of Scottish pity in his voice. 
“Yes.”
“Pity is a luxury you can’t afford if you work with people from the Rookeries. If you can’t hack the job, doctor, then serve your time and apply for a transfer.”
Ben sighed. “I’ve only just arrived. And I asked you to tell me how things work at the Rookeries. Please, can you do that?”
Barrymore also made an impatient sound – but he seemed to realize that he wasn’t going to get Ben off the phone until he’d told him something. “The currency there isn’t money. It’s drugs and sex. And it’s accommodation, too. You can’t imagine how valuable a couch or a bed in central London could be to people who don’t have a salary like yours, doctor. The tenants at the Rookeries have few things to offer anybody, except their bodies, their souls, and a place to lie down and sleep off their excesses.”
“That’s terrible.”
“Yes. It is.”
“I tried to advise her – within the limits of my professionalism, of course. I gave her a pamphlet.”
“Aye. I’m sure she’ll find that very useful.”
“She tore it up.”
The Scottish doctor laughed. “I like her spirit.”	
“So did I.”
“Young man, you’re getting in over your head. A girl like that, she can’t choose her protector. But if she’s left vulnerable for any length of time at the Rookeries, someone will choose her. They’ll take her and they’ll groom her, and they’ll sell her. There’s nothing you can do to stop it.”
“There has to be,” Ben breathed. 
“Am I sensing that your professionalism is slipping?”
“No. No. I wouldn’t do anything unethical, of course.”
“Good, good. Now go home and sleep on it. And try to be their doctor tomorrow – they already have plenty of social workers.”
“I was told the social workers won’t go in there. Not into that estate.”
“That could be true. My wife’s cooking herring for tea, son. I need to bid you goodbye.”
Ben put the phone down with a heavy heart. 

*  *  *

Layla cried all afternoon. Her brother Bradley was worried about her. Tried to comfort her. Made her a mug of tea with the teabag still in it. She thanked him and took it and said he was kind, and then she cried into the tea. She hardly noticed that the baby was crying, too. He was hungry and tired and she couldn’t find the energy to pick him up, even. Bradley went and got him – struggling with the heavy child in his arms. He brought the baby over to Layla and she looked at him, with her lids heavy and swollen from feeling so upset. Even the baby stared at her, curious about all the sobbing and the tears. He stretched out his chubby little arms and tried to touch her face. 
“It’s nothing, Jaydee. Nothing for you to worry about. It’s grown up stuff.”
“I think he’s hungry,” said Bradley. “It’s past four o’clock and he ain’t had no lunch.”
Layla felt terrible for neglecting him like that. The baby couldn’t speak. Couldn’t tell her what he needed or wanted. But he waved his arms very enthusiastically when she opened two little cans of baby food for him.
She put the cans on the table with a clean spoon. Then she fastened a bib around the baby’s chubby neck. “Yes, it all seems so simple now. Eat, drink, sleep. But you wait a few years and you’ll find out. Things aren’t so nice once you get a bit older.”
She sighed. Her eighteenth birthday was only days away. Just a few days left. And then…
No. She wouldn’t think about it. She would try to hold things together as long as she could, and while she was holding on, she’d hope for a miracle. 
“Well, Jayden. What have we got here?” She looked at the labels on the baby food. “Oh, you lucky boy. On the menu today  is ‘hearty beef stew’ and ‘apricots and custard’.  But I have to tell you they’re both the same colour. Bright 1970s orange. Try them and tell me which is which.” 
Then she started spooning the food into the child. He was a messy eater – half of it seemed to fall out of his mouth after every spoonful, and she had to stop and clean him up with his bib every few minutes. At first, concentrating on someone else’s needs took her mind off her troubles. Put the spoon in the food. Put the spoon in the baby’s mouth, baby spits out the food, mop him up and start again. And as she fell into the rhythm of it the tears began to fall once more. 
The doctor. He’d seemed like a bright ray of hope to her on Monday. She’d gone to bed that night with a crazy lightness in her heart. He’d shown so clearly that he was on her side. He’d seen through Ray. He’d come up with that brilliant plan to get more time with her. And all for what – to give her a couple of pamphlets and a lecture about head lice. He was as bad as all the rest of them – although unlike the rest of them, he looked like an Italian statue. But like an Italian statue, he was made of stone. Or cold, heartless marble. And even though he’d spent half the interview gazing at the place where he’d put his stethoscope last time, he had no intention of crossing any kind of boundary to actually say something real, or do something real. 
And she had made the mistake of thinking that he would – and why? No sane reason. There was no reason why he should help her. She’d only dreamed he would because he was her last hope. 
Her brother came in, and saw her crying. Again. “Come on, sis. Why are you so sad?”
“I had an impossible dream, Bradley. You’re too young to understand.”
“Oh. That stupid doctor, right? You wanted him to ask you out.”
Decision
Ben went home to his flat in Richmond, where he had lived alone for almost a year. 
He found a bottle of Scotch with a modest amount left in it. He poured himself a glass of whisky – neat – no ice. And drank it in one go. He poured another. Drank that. Poured a third. Until all the whisky in the bottle was gone.
When there wasn’t any left, he threw his empty whisky glass against the wall. And then, feeling worried that the cleaner would think badly of him, he looked for the dustpan and brush and attempted to clean it up. Not easy, in a state of inebriation. He was careless and ended up with a small sliver of glass in his finger. He had to stop and pull it out – feeling not much pain but quite a lot of irritation. He washed the blood off under the kitchen tap and watched as it swirled away with the water. He applied a very small plaster with almost surgical precision and then finished clearing up the broken glass. 
He went into his bedroom, and found a shoebox in the back of his wardrobe. He took it over to the bed, lay down and emptied it out. Old ID cards from med school, old letters and glowing school reports, a bear wearing a mortar board that he’d been given when he graduated. That kind of thing. Then he found what he was looking for. A photograph. Of Becky. The girl he thought he’d been in love with, a long time ago. She’d appealed for help too, and he hadn’t known what to do then, either. He’d trained for ten years to help people, but when it came to the people he wanted to care about, he was useless. Utterly useless. He blinked hot tears out of his eyes and felt very sorry for himself.
That’s when it hit him. He’d found her. Oh, hell yeah, he’d found her. Another Becky. A girl in trouble. A damsel in distress. And the rules hadn’t changed – not in the slightest. If he chose to help her, he would be putting everything he had ever worked for at risk. If he chose not to help her, he would have to live with the regrets, like he had done with Becky. For five long years he’d lived with his mistakes. He’d watched Becky fall for another man – the man who had risked everything to help her. He’d witnessed their happiness. He’d watched her get married, the girl who should have been his. Hell, he’d even done a reading at their wedding. And it had cost him, emotionally. Driven him crazy – to see her give herself to a man he was obliged to call his friend. 
But this time it would be worse. Layla - turned into a common prostitute. Layla’s beautiful pale skin, marred by men who used her, beat her, raped her. Layla, living a life like that. A life of debauchery and pain, with only alcohol and drugs to soften it for her. Oh, no, he couldn’t watch that.
He’d found her, or she had found him.  
And this time, it would be different. He put the photograph in his wallet where he used to carry it, years ago, when he was obsessed by Becky. It was like a talisman, a reminder. He put the other stuff back in the shoebox and closed the lid. He got up. Drank water and took some aspirin. Stripped off his clothes and had a shower. He ought to be sleeping, but there was work to do. The Rookeries came alive at night. He’d go there and find out how things ticked. He knew that any action he took to help Layla made him vulnerable to all kinds of accusations. But that couldn’t be helped. Because this time, he wasn’t going to be sensible. This time, he was going to throw caution to the wind. 

*  *  *

Ben walked into the Fizz Club and bought himself a drink at the bar. He’d been there less than ten minutes before a young woman in a skimpy halter-neck top offered to show him a good time. He shook his head and she waved her arm to someone standing in the shadows behind the sound system. Thirty seconds later a slender young man, also in a halter-neck top, made a very similar offer. Ben sighed, and shook his head. The man pouted as if he’d said something rude. 
Ben stayed close to the bar as if he could leap over and hide on the other side if it got any worse. He tried to look preoccupied with his rum and coke, stabbing the ice to make it melt quicker. He thought he’d die if anyone from the medical centre saw him in a place like this.
"Hello, doctor.”  
The words came from a man so black that at first he seemed to be a set of disembodied white teeth coming towards Ben in the darkness. The barman, polishing a wineglass on a cloth as white as his teeth, nodded politely as he came nearer. When the blue light coming from the dance floor caught the angles of his ebony face, Ben recognised him. He’d come into the clinic today. For epilepsy medication. The man smiled – showing the impressive glow-in-the-dark teeth. “I didn’t expect to see you here"
Ben sighed. “I’m not supposed to talk to my patients.”
“I know,” said the barman. He finished buffing the glass and reached up to hang it with the others in a rack above his head. “But some rules are meant to be broken. This morning, I consulted you in a professional capacity, and this evening, I am the consultant and you are the client. So, what do you need? What’s your poison?”
“I’ve got a drink, thanks,” Ben swirled the remains of his rum and coke.
“Yes. But that’s not what you came in for, is it?”
“No.”
“And Mandy and Sandy didn’t tempt you,” said the barman. 
Ben glanced at the girl in the halter-neck top, who was now wrapped around a fat, bald man as if she wanted to be his boa constrictor. He rolled his eyes. 
“So what are you looking for, doctor?”
There was a pause. Ben knew it would be dangerous to venture further into the murky waters of self-disclosure. “Nothing, really.”
“Are you looking for something sweet?” said the barman, watching Ben’s face closely. “I have a nice bottle of Cointreau up here.”
“Tempting, but not tonight, thanks.”
“Maybe you’d like something even sweeter?” The barman smiled, pleasantly. “A gentleman like you only comes into a place like this if he’s looking for something.”
Ben frowned. The questions were getting a bit close to home.
The barman leaned forward. “Look, doctor. How can I help you if you won’t tell me what your problem is? You’re not a cop. You’re not a debt-collector. And you don’t look like a drug addict. Tell me your symptoms and I’ll fetch you some medicine.”
Ben sighed. And gave up. “Do you know a girl called Layla?” 
“Layla – like the song?” the barman said, slowly. He reached for another glass to polish. 
“Yes.”
“Ah. Beautiful name. I’m sure I’d remember a name like that.”
“Well, do you?”
He shook his head. “No. No Layla here.”
Not yet. Ben shifted his focus, slightly. “Do you know a man called Ray Leach?” 
The barman looked as if he was thinking for a moment and then shook his head. “No, that name means nothing to me, either.”
“You see, I’m here because I was told he was a friend of Mr Birch.”
Now that name got a reaction. Mr Birch. The whites of the barman’s eyes flared wide, and he glanced uneasily towards the door, like Mr. Birch might be standing there now. “Mr Birch has a great many friends. Ray may be one of them.”
“I should imagine he’s got a few enemies, too,” said Ben. “Mr Birch.”
“Yes.” The barman was cagey now. Cautious. “Tell me doctor, would you consider yourself to be one of Mr. Birch’s friends, or one of his enemies?”
Ben wasn’t going to be sucked in by that. “I don’t know Mr Birch from Adam. How could I possibly say whether he’s a friend or a foe, at this stage?”
“Quite right,” said the barman. “Best to keep an open mind.”
Ben nodded. “I’ll have some Cognac, if you’ve got it.”
“Yes, sir. That I can do.”
Ben opened his wallet to get out another note to pay for the drink. The barman noticed the photograph inside. “Is that your Layla?”
My Layla, thought Ben, and almost laughed.  
“No. Different girl. Very different from Layla.”
“You carry this girl’s picture around with you every day, and yet you’re looking for Layla? Why do you do that, doctor?”
 “Because I’m an idiot.” An idiot who was living in the past. 
Ben got out the old photograph from under the window of plastic inside the wallet. And sighing, he crumpled it up in his palm and then he handed it to the barman. “Can you dispose of that for me?”
“Of course. I’ll get you your Cognac.” 
And so the evening passed. Ben sat there while the pole dancers did their set. He stared into his glass of Cognac, enjoying the colour of it, the flavour of it – much more than he was enjoying the show. He thought about the two prostitutes who had offered themselves to him earlier tonight. He could have had an encounter with either or both of them with the full blessing of the law – and without ruffling a feather at the General Medical Council. But if he asked that beautiful girl to have a cup of coffee with him, he’d be up on a charge of professional misconduct. 
Ridiculous. That’s what it was. That fate should deal him such a hand. 
He knew what he was supposed to do. He’d passed medical ethics 101. He was supposed to respect the so-called sanctity of the physician-patient relationship. In medical circles, people talked incessantly about trust and moral boundaries. Trust that shouldn’t be broken. Boundaries that shouldn’t be crossed. Not even for the beautiful, fragile Layla.
But the flesh and blood man inside him was raging that this wasn’t fair. That he should have existed for so long with nothing and no one, watching the happiness of others while the fear grew inside him that he wasn’t capable of finding or falling in love. For five years he’d believed that life had already offered him one chance and he had blown it. But now he knew that wasn’t true. Because a girl like Layla could walk into his room and in minutes – in seconds – he was so hungry for her that any thirst, or hunger or longing he’d ever known before were mere pinpricks of emotion compared to what he felt now.  This was merely a trick of the mind, of course. Love at first sight did not exist and infatuation was no more than a chemical reaction. 
Oh, dopamine – you evil little trickster. Dopamine, that hijacks the mind and makes us lose sight of all sanity and reason. Dopamine, that promises us wild bursts of pleasure as long as we agree to grasp the experiences we imagine we need for our survival.
Then he sat down with his drink and faced the facts. Yes, he was losing his mind over Layla, and he didn’t care. It made him feel alive. There was no need to drift into bars looking for her. No need to scour the streets hoping to see her. Her address and telephone number were readily obtainable from the medical centre. Tomorrow he could go to reception, make an excuse, no matter how implausible, and get hold of her file. It wasn’t ethical to raid the patient’s file to get a phone number, but this was a genuine emergency. It wasn’t every day that a man who thought he was emotionally dead found out he was alive and kicking.
Rook’s Nest
Tuesday morning. Ray was dying for a hit. He was rattling like a train. He put on his dirty parka and told Layla he was going out to do his shopping. She would know what he meant. He had a pattern – a way of life. First he’d do some shop-lifting. To get something to sell. Then he’d pass it on to some blokes he knew, up London. Then he’d make a telephone call and arrange a little business meeting with a congenial friend of his. They usually met up round the back of the mosque. Then he’d go home with a tiny lump of heaven in his back pocket. Crack cocaine. These days, the need to do this got earlier and earlier in the morning. He was rattling when he woke up now. It wasn’t even heaven anymore, sadly, just something he had to do in order to remember feeling normal. 
He barely registered the car parked by the abandoned pub. Black Audi. Then he wondered if it had anything left in it. A briefcase, a cell phone, a laptop computer. No harm in having a look see. But as he got closer, he realized that someone was still in the car. Slumped low in the driver’s seat. No shit. It was that doctor – the difficult one – sitting there in his car, smoking a cigarette. Well. He was a fine one to lecture people about their health when he had a cancer stick in his mouth. Ray wondered what the stupid man thought he was doing, parking here, right by the Rookeries. 
Watch yourself, doctor, it’s easy to make enemies in a place like this. 
Ray shoved his hands in his pockets and headed off down the road. Towards the tube station. To do his shopping. 

*  *  *

The doorbell rang – a shrill buzzing sound like a cheap egg-timer. Layla looked up. She wasn’t expecting anyone. She thought it must be Mattie, the old guy next door who liked to tell her about things he’d read in the evening paper and how they related to his conspiracy theories. The bell went again.  She picked up the baby – he'd get up to all kinds of mischief if she left him alone. She took him with her to answer the door. 
She could see it was a man through the wired glass window in the top half of the door. She should probably have put the chain on the door before she opened it, but that was fiddly and she was holding the baby. More often than not the bad men were inside the flat having vodka with Ray, not standing on the doorstep. Today it was just her and the kids though. Nice and peaceful.
So, without really thinking, she opened the door and there he was. On her doorstep. In jeans and a suede jacket. No stethoscope today. Just a melancholy look in his eyes.
 She drew in a breath, a sharp spasm of surprise.  “Dr Stein?”
He hesitated, looking at her. He looked younger in his off-duty clothes. Not exactly casual, but more like a mortal man without a medical degree. Glancing down she saw that he was clutching something wrapped in a new paper bag. Something he’d bought on the way, by the looks of it. Too small to be a bottle of wine, too big to be perfume. She glanced up at his face in astonishment, and he looked away to the side, like he was afraid of getting caught. Then he looked back at her – with his moody dark eyes. Moody sexy dark eyes. 
“My name’s Ben.”
She nodded. She’d noticed the ‘B’ in the squiggled signature on the prescription he’d given her. She’d wondered what it stood for.  “And …is this a social call?”
There was another awkward pause. “Yes, it is.” 
It looked as if it killed him to admit that. 
The baby in her arms gurgled. He was eating biscuits shaped like teddy bears - he had one in each chubby fist.  He was getting dribble and biscuit crumbs everywhere. And she herself wasn’t looking very glamorous either. She was wearing an oversized sweater that came halfway to her knees and some faded black leggings. Very chic. And her unexpected visitor was staring at her like she was the centrefold in a magazine.
Freaking hell, this was embarrassing. 
“Can I come in?” he said. 
She flushed. “Yeah. If you want.”
She stepped back to let him walk past her into the flat. “The lounge is on the left.”
He probably knew that. These flats were all the same. Unless this was his first time. 
He stood there, in the middle of the lounge, until she realized he was waiting for her to ask him to sit down. 
She hoisted the baby onto her hip, and gestured towards the couch with her free hand. “Please. Make yourself comfortable.”
“Thank you,” he said. And sat down. Looking about as comfortable as a suspect in a police interview room. The couch was a small tartan one, with rips in the fabric and cigarette burns on the arms.  
He stretched out his legs, crossing them at the ankle. 
“Can I get you a drink?” Layla asked him. 
“No.” 
Ben studied the television, where the other kid was playing some kind of violent video game. The boy didn't even look up - he was lost in slack-jawed concentration. Layla sat down in the armchair opposite the doctor. She let the baby out of her arms and he crawled away. He headed across the carpet and started investigating the shoelaces on Ben’s highly-polished leather shoes.  
She didn’t know what to say. The man looked as if he was enduring some kind of inner pain, like he had a migraine starting or something.
“I’d better come straight to the point,” he said, finally. 
She managed a smile. “Do we only have seven minutes?” 
“No. It’s my day off.”
She nodded. A strange feeling went through her. He had come to see her. On his day off. That was something. 
“Oh. I got this for you,” he said, and he leaned forward to hand her the object in the paper bag. 
She took it and pulled it out of the bag. 
It was a bottle of shampoo, and it said ‘For the treatment of head lice’ in small blue letters on white plastic. “Oh, lovely,” she said. “You shouldn’t have.”
“Probably not,” he agreed, and bit his lip. 
She sat there with the bottle of nit shampoo in her hand and looked at him. She almost wanted to laugh, except this was so hideously embarrassing that even laughter wouldn’t have broken the tension. “A doctor that delivers. Whatever next?”
He felt in his inside jacket pocket and got out a folded sheet of paper. “There are some instructions that go with it. To explain how to use it.”
“I know how to use it,” she said. Feeling hurt. 
“Of course you do.” Ben glanced at the child who was investigating his shoelaces. The kid had got smears of stuff that had once been teddy bear biscuits on Ben’s jeans. 
Layla felt embarrassed that she'd let that happen. “Shall I move him?”
“It’s okay. It’s keeping him quiet,” Ben said. 
Layla stared at the nit shampoo again. Dismayed. “Is that what you came round for? To give me this?”
“No.”
Another long pause. Punctuated only by some rather artificial gunfire from the video game on the telly. 
Layla sighed. “What do you want, then, Dr Stein?”
“Ben,” he insisted. Looking at her. 
She tried it out. He seemed to want that. “Ben?”
He reacted – she could see it – when she used his name for the first time. Like he needed to hear her say it. She was surprised, seeing the way it affected him. She wanted to say it again to find out what happened next, but she thought better of it. 
He reached into the back pocket of his jeans this time, leaning forward so he could push his fingers deeper inside. He pulled out a piece of paper, it was folded in half and printed on one side only. He held it out to her. 
“But wait, there’s more,” she said – meaning to make a joke, but he didn’t smile. 
She put the nit shampoo down and took the folded paper and opened it. It was a form already filled in on her behalf and dated with yesterday’s date. A request to be transferred to another doctor. It only lacked her signature. 
She looked up at him, questioningly. “What the fuck?”
Another pang of surprise crossed his beautiful, handsome face.  He said nothing, but he stared reproachfully at her across the lounge.
She wished she hadn’t sworn. But it was a shock. The letter. “I don’t understand.”
“It’s the paperwork you need to fill in, to change to another doctor.”
“And what if I like the doctor I’ve got?” she said, looking straight at him. 
He looked back at her with soulful dark eyes and unprofessional compassion, and then he glanced away, like the inner pain was back. The migraine, or whatever. 
“You can’t…” he said softly. “I can’t.”
“What’s going on, Ben?”
He looked at her. “I would have thought that was obvious.”
“You’re getting rid of me. I’m an embarrassment. A difficult customer. Right?”
He shifted uneasily on the tartan couch. “Is there anywhere we can talk? Away from the children?”
“Why? They're not listening.”
“I know. But I would find it easier...”
She considered this. There was no way she was inviting Dr Stein into her bedroom. He was showing clear signs of being touched in the head and her room was not at its best. The bed wasn’t made and there were clothes on the floor – not to mention her brother’s Lego fort that he had set up in there to avoid the younger one swallowing the bits. “The kitchen?” 
He nodded and got to his feet. 
“You’ll have to wait while I put Jayden into his cot,” she said, and scooped up the baby.
She pushed open the door of the kitchen for the doctor, then she dealt with the baby – who was very dismayed about going in his cot so early. Then she went back to join Ben.
He was standing by the electric stove, gazing at some bits of dried spaghetti that were stuck to the panel on the digital clock. 
She didn’t know where to begin. She was still smarting about him bringing that letter. But she didn’t need to speak, because he spoke first.
“Layla, if we had met anywhere else other than in my consulting room, this would have been a hell of a lot easier.”
She met his gaze, and her heart skittered inside her.
His dark eyes admitted it, before he began to speak. Like a sinner who needed to confess. “You said it. You said ‘do you like me?’ and I couldn’t say yes. Not there.”
She suppressed a smile, as her heart flooded with pleasure. “You do like me?”
“I do,” he said, and his eyes met hers. “Very much.”
Oh, God, he looked good. Tall and slim. Dark hair, all smart and shiny. A strong, masculine brow, complementing the smooth contours of his face, the curve of his neck, the handsome angle of his jaw.
“I could lose my job, coming here like this,” he said. 
“Seriously?”
“Yes. It’s unprofessional to get involved.” He hesitated. He put his hand on the edge of the electric stove as if he needed support. “And it’s against the law for me, as your doctor, to have thoughts and feelings about you…”
“That’s rubbish,” she said, and smiled at him, suddenly feeling a bit sorry for him. “It’s not illegal to have thoughts and feelings, you twit. It’s only acting on them that could be a problem.”
“I’m here, aren’t I? I'm acting on them.” 
She looked at him. Understanding, at last, what he was trying to say. He wanted to get involved. She kept hoping he’d say more. Hoping he’d take a step towards her, maybe. But he didn't. He coloured up under her gaze - looking even more embarrassed than she had been when he put his stethoscope between her breasts. He was actually blushing. His inner pain seemed to have him in its grip now. 
He looked at her, desperately. “I can’t go any further unless you sign the form. It took me ten years to get to be a doctor, Layla. And I’m risking it all over this.”
She wasn’t so afraid, now. He might be the best-looking, most intelligent, elegantly dressed GP she’d ever seen in her life, but he was making a right codpiece of this. “Am I allowed to know what you’ve got in mind, exactly, if I decide to sign the form?”
The blush deepened on his handsome face. “Well. I haven’t really… um… thought that out. Not in much detail.”
Oh, I think maybe you have. She didn’t say it. She wasn’t that cruel. 
He cleared his throat and tried again. “We could discuss it over dinner, perhaps. But you would definitely have to sign the form…”
She laughed and turned away. She opened a kitchen cabinet and shuffled a couple of things. Then she opened a drawer and rummaged in it. 
“What are you doing?” he said, in obvious anxiety. 
“I’m looking for a pen. To sign your bloody form.”
“Oh! Have mine.” He produced one – heavy and plated in gold – from his inside pocket. She took it, and a look of visible relief seemed to change his agony into a range of more cheerful emotions, now that she’d agreed to sign. He even managed a kind of blushing smile. “Thank you.”
“Where is it?” she said. “The form?”
“You left it in the sitting room,” he said. “Shall I?”
They almost collided in a dual attempt to exit the tiny kitchen at the same time. 
“Sorry,” he said.	
“I’ll get it. Stay there.”
She ran and got it. She came back with it. She pressed on the kitchen counter and signed. “There you are then.”
He took it, and tucked it back into his jacket pocket. She even remembered to return the pen, much as she would like to have kept it. 
“Is this the way you usually ask people out?” she said. “Coz if it is, I can see why you’re not having much luck.”
“I am having some luck today,” he said, rewarding her with another smile. “Eight o’clock?”
“Tonight?” Suddenly it was her turn to experience a sense of panic. "You want to go out tonight?"
“Yes. You don’t have plans, do you?”
“I don’t have a babysitter, either.”
“Oh, I see," he said. "Yes. I’ll organize that, if you like. I could telephone an agency.”
“No! I can’t have some stranger here and Ray asking all kinds of questions. I’ll ask my friend Tracey if she’ll do it.”
“That would be wonderful.” He seemed to be on much firmer ground now that she’d said yes. “I’m sorry about earlier. I was being rather clinical, I suppose. I’ve never been in this situation before. With a patient.”
“Good,” she said, and smiled. Then the smile died. “Do you want me to wear a dress?”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Tonight. Do you want me to wear a dress?” She was afraid he’d already guessed that she didn’t actually own one. 
“I’m sure whatever you choose will be lovely,” he said, with a slight return to the blushing agony of the conversation that took place before. 
“I’ll do what I can,” she said. She’d borrow one. Or steal one. If she had to.
“Eight o’clock, then. I’ll pick you up.”
“Oh, no. Don’t come here. I’ll wait for you on the corner by the boarded up pub. You know the one?”
“Yes. But you shouldn’t wait in the street. It might be dangerous.”
“No. It’s better. Please don’t come here. Ray will be here.”
“Ah, yes. Then I think you may be right. About waiting by the pub.”
She nodded. 
He took one last long look at her. He seemed to be conveying all kinds of messages with his dark eyes. “I'll drop the form at the surgery on my way home.”
“Okay,” she said. 
He was keen. That was for sure. 

Paperwork
He called in at the medical centre on the way home. He pulled in to the cramped urban car park, waiting patiently with his indicator on, for a car to pull out of a space. He wasn’t allowed to park in the ‘Doctors Only’ spaces unless he was rostered on. He slid the Audi in between a battered mini and an old Kombi van with anarchy symbols on the side. He sat there for a moment, reflecting on what he had done. He reached into his jacket and got out the precious piece of paper. He spent the next few seconds checking the form, looking at her signature, making sure it was all in order. 
He was nervous about going in.
He had a few anxieties about handing it over to the admin staff. Could he do it in such a way that it wouldn’t raise any eyebrows, he wondered? Yeah. Sure he could. Just breeze in, say he needed a book or something from Consulting Room Three, and slip the form into somebody’s in-tray on the way out. Easy. 
The waiting room was full of people, as usual. Not a spare seat anywhere. There were at least three patients standing – two of them leaning against a wall. Plus a mother and her three children crouched around a brightly coloured abacus on the floor. Ben didn’t like to think how many germs swarmed all over that thing. 
“Ben?” the receptionist sounded surprised. 
He looked up, as he walked towards her.  “Hello, Fiona.”
She was a tall woman with grey hair and glasses. The clinic director’s right hand woman. “You want an extra shift, do you?” 
Her flippant tone told him she was joking, but judging by the queue in the waiting room, it wouldn’t be a bad idea. 
“No, no. Things to do.”
“People to see,” she added, with a rather over-friendly smile. 
Ben was used to this. Over-friendly receptionists, trainee nurses who fell over themselves to help and women in lifts who smiled like baboons when he let them out first. It was part of being an unmarried doctor. 
Ben spun her the line about the book. Ravi would be using Consulting Room Three today. That’s how it worked. The medical centre employed four GPs and they shared the rooms depending on who was on what shift. The medical centre had an evening session but it always closed at ten – which Ben thought was a mistake, given that it provided a ten-hour window of opportunity for drug addicts and thieves to see for themselves that no drugs or cash were left on the premises. Which wasn’t absolutely true.
He breezed along the corridor, past the row of patients with their little specimen dishes waiting to get a turn in the patients’ loo. 
Consulting Room Three. Where he’d examined Layla, only last Monday. In just over a week, he’d done a complete about face on his ethical take on dating patients. He’d convinced himself that as long as they had the form, everything would be okay. He refused to even think what the General Medical Council would say. And as for small details like the gap in their ages, the disparity between their backgrounds, and the giant chasm between her education and his. To hell with all that…
He knocked on the door, and heard Ravi’s voice. He opened the door and smiled an apology to the patient, an elderly lady with a hairstyle from the 1950s – a ‘roller set’ in shades of silver grey.
“Sorry,” Ben said. “Just wanted that text on treating psoriasis and other lurgies.”
“Sure,” the Indian doctor said, and reached for it for him. The old lady looked up and gave Ben a big smile – showing perfectly symmetrical false teeth. 
Ben rewarded her with what he hoped was a heart-melting smile. “Apologies for my intrusion.”
Ravi gave him the book, which was fat and weighty.  “Are you planning to curl up with this, tonight?”
“Hopefully not,” said Ben, with just a tiny hint of a blush. 
The old lady smiled indulgently at him. “Oh, it’s wonderful to be young, isn’t it, doctor?”
“I suppose it is,” he said, and then he tested the weight of the book in his hands,  ostentatiously. “No rest for the wicked.”
“All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, doctor,” she said, and gave him another radiant grin. 
Ben escaped and went back to reception.  He rather wished that Fiona wasn’t the one on duty today – that woman didn’t miss a trick, but at least the seat by the secretary’s in-tray was empty. He used his swipe card to get into the reception area, which was separated from the waiting room by lots of glass screens and horizontal wires. He wasn’t sure why – but it made him think of banks or American prisons. Penitentiaries. Correctional facilities. Whatever they cared to call them. The glass and the wires certainly spoke volumes about keeping the patients firmly on the other side, where they belonged. They helped to make it clear that it was ‘them’ and ‘us’. They underlined for all to see that there were ‘health professionals’ and then there was the rest of mankind – the unwashed, unkempt hordes that couldn’t seem to keep coughs and colds and sores and lice away. 
You weren’t supposed to date them. 
Ben put the textbook on the counter and reached inside his jacket pocket for the form. Fiona was in conversation with a deaf patient who was querying something written on his prescription. He didn’t like the look of it, he said. She was telling him he should have raised that with the doctor. Ben felt sympathetic. Things got overlooked when you only had seven minutes. 
Ben slipped Layla’s form onto the top of the in-tray over by the new computer – ready for the details to be typed in by the admin lady when she returned from her coffee break. He straightened up and walked over to help the deaf man. Might as well make himself useful, while he was here. 
Smiling like a diplomatic envoy to Paris, Ben said, “I’m one of the doctors here, can I be of assistance?”
And Fiona looked at him like he was cast in solid gold. 
Ben reassured the man that Dima’s impatient squiggle – which often lapsed into something a lot like Cyrillic – would still get him his regular medication, same dose, same bottle, so there was really no need to worry. The pharmacist would understand it, he explained. Pharmacists are bright people, he said. They’d give him the right medicine, he promised. He said it loud and clear, several times, until the deaf man understood and beamed and nodded. 
“One satisfied customer,” said Fiona, when the man had been soothed and had gone away.
“Yes. I must be off now, too.”
Sally, the admin clerk came round the corner with her steaming mug of coffee. The desk was cluttered so she stood it on top of her in-tray. 
“Ben?” she said, in surprise. “Isn’t it your day off?”
“Yes, yes. I’m just going.” He turned to go, but Fiona laid a detaining hand on his arm. 
“You’ll be making a decision about the charity cancer dinner, won’t you?”
“Already made, Fiona. I’m going. I go every year.” 
“With whom?”
Ben blinked. “Just book two tickets. I’ll fill you in on the details, later.”
He made a move to go, trying to give the impression he was in a hurry. It was something that he’d learned early in his medical training – how to appear to be a doctor in a hurry. It ought to be part of the foundation course. It made lots of things go much more smoothly. He let himself out of the reception area, and started walking briskly towards the sliding doors that led to the car park. 
“Ooh,” said Sally, quietly. “Two tickets. So there is a love interest in the divine Benjamin’s life.”
Fiona spotted his book, lying on the counter. She made an impatient sound. “Typical.” 
“What?” said the other woman, vacantly. 
“He’s forgotten his book. Go after him, Sal, will you?”
And Sally leapt up, reached for the book, and went after him. 
He was heading for his car – feeling in his pocket for his car keys. 
“Ben?” she called, dashing across the car park. He turned – and she waved the book. 
“Oh, thank you, Sally. You’re a treasure.” He gave her a guilty grin, knowing that like all the others, the woman rather liked him. 

*  *  *

When Sally got back to her desk, she saw the worst. She’d spilt her coffee – or someone else had – a whole mugful, all over the contents of her in-tray. It was soaking into everything. Causing one hell of a mess. She sighed. It was staining all her papers brown. The first few things were sopping wet and virtually illegible now. 
Fiona came running back from the staff toilet with a handful of paper towels. 
“Clumsy,” she said, mopping up the worst. “That’s what comes of being in too much of a rush to help the divine Ben Stein.”
“You asked me to,” Sally said. “You’re just as bad. Fussing over Jonathan all the time.”
Jonathan was the clinic director, and a right stuffed shirt in Sal’s opinion, but Fiona seemed to worship the polished floors where he trod.
Fiona wouldn’t answer. She fussed over the desk, fretting about the possibility of coffee on the computer keyboard. She threw a lump of coffee-stained paper towels into the waste paper bin, and it landed with a clang. She may or may not have realized it, but she also threw away Layla’s form. 

Makeup
Layla was with her friend Tracey, in a virtually identical council flat just two doors down. Layla’s brothers were in the lounge with Tracey’s mum, watching game shows on the telly. The girls were in the bedroom, where Tracey was helping Layla get ready for the date with Dr Gorgeous.
“I can’t do this, Trace. I’m not going.” Layla had been crying about it, half the afternoon. 
“Of course you’re going. Who’d say no to a posh dinner  and a few drinks with a handsome doctor? Even if you have to give him a bit of a thank you, after.”
“No. He’s different. He wants…I’m not even sure what he wants.”
“They all want the same thing. He ain’t no different.”
“You go, then.”
“Don’t tempt me. Do you think he’d notice the difference?” Tracey struck a pose, hand on hip, face angled up and smiling like a hooker. She had a wide smile and henna brown curly hair –  she was Afro-Caribbean, a long way back. She kept her hair battened down in tiny braids and shiny metal clips. 
“Yes. I think he’d notice,” said Layla. “Find your own doctor.”
Tracey laughed. “See! You do want  him. You sound all possessive.” 
Layla looked down at the black dress on the bed that Tracey was offering to lend her.  Tried to imagine herself in it. “No. I can’t do it.”
“You can. You’ve got to. He might be your ticket out of here.”
“No. He’s just an ordinary bloke.”
“He ain’t ordinary. He’s loaded. I saw his car. And you need him. They won’t be as nice as him, the ones Ray Leach finds for you.”
That was a sobering thought. 
“So come on, get yourself glammed up.” Tracey pushed the dress towards her, across the single bed. “I’ll have to do something with your hair. You had lovely hair – what did you want to chop it all off  for?”
“You know why.”
“Yeah, well, I could blow-dry it for you and it might look alright.”
Layla touched the dress, beginning to cave in. Or rise to the challenge, depending on how you looked at it. 
“Leave that,” said Tracey, pointing to the dress. “We’ll do your hair first.”
So she sat down in front of the tiny dressing table, in front of a battery of boxes of makeup that Tracey had got out for her to experiment with. 
Layla was shocked by the sight of her reflection in the mirror. “Oh, Trace, my face looks awful. My eyes are all red.”
“Serves you right for crying over nothing. Don’t worry. We’ll cover it all up with eye shadow. He’ll never know the difference. Besides. If you wear that dress, he won’t be looking at your face.” 
Layla almost laughed. “He’s already seen them, Trace. On Monday. At the Medical Centre.”
“He’ll be looking forward to seeing them again, then. I expect that’s why he asked you out.” Tracey giggled. She’d always been very envious of Layla’s double Ds, though Layla thought they were a bit of a curse. Big breasts sold for more. Blonde hair sold for more. And virgins… they were valued very highly.
Tracey set to work. “Come on, girl. Let’s get you scrubbed up.” 

*  *  *

Ben was in his black Audi, crawling along the road that led towards the housing estate they called the Rookeries. It had been built with the best of intentions – four tower blocks arranged around an area that used to be green with a broken set of swings and a slide. A tiny row of shops and a pub on the corner – vain hopes of fostering a sense of community. He slowed to five miles an hour and drove past the pub for the third time. It was twelve minutes past eight and she still wasn’t there. 
He swallowed. He wasn’t giving up hope yet. She had promised to come. She'd sounded fairly definite about it this morning. But things change. Or maybe she hadn’t managed to get her friend to mind the children for her. One more time around the block. He was beginning to feel like a kerb crawler. 
He had made a booking at a great little restaurant conveniently near to his place. He’d been there with friends, but not with a woman, so zero danger of the waiter embarrassing him. He was wearing his most casual clothes, barely good enough to get into the restaurant, but at the last minute he’d added a jet black wool jacket that spoke of good taste and old money.  Before he left he had tidied the flat and changed the sheets. Not that he was actually planning to end up there, but it was always best to be prepared. Just in case. 
He’d even bought orange juice. Just in case. 
He was two streets away from the pub again now. Please be there this time. Layla, please. He couldn’t get the song 'Layla' out of his head and wondered if she liked it too. Maybe she’d even been named for it. He turned the corner, and the pub loomed up in the darkness. Its boarded up windows were like sightless eyes, staring at him with blank disinterest. He scanned the street. She wasn’t there. This was killing him. It was nineteen minutes past eight now. He began to wonder how many more times he would do this for her before he admitted defeat and drove home. 
She wasn’t right for him. He knew that. They never were. Even the smart ones, the rich ones, the Jewish ones – they were never quite right. They weren’t Becky – a girl he had kissed just once when they were both too young to do anything about it. She’d been the only one who had touched his heart, even for a moment, before this. The only girl who’d ever really stirred him into thinking he could fall in love. And Layla was almost as different from Becky as any girl could be. 
He sighed. Becky hadn’t bothered to wait for him either. 
This time as he made the circuit around the four streets that led him back to the pub, he vowed it was the very last time, although a part of his mind told him it wouldn’t be. 
She was almost hidden, standing inside the doorway of the old pub. She was wearing a shapeless black duffel coat. A kind of poor relation to his own  - although undoubtedly hers wasn’t cashmere and hadn’t cost six hundred pounds. 
He stopped the car and leaned across to let her in. She ran lightly towards the car. Legs pale in the gleam of the headlights. She opened the door and got in. 
The girl whose face had troubled his dreams.
He turned to look at her now, meaning to put her at her ease. But the sight of her made him draw in a sharp, involuntary breath. She was slipping her arms out of the awful black coat, and underneath she wore a black sequinned dress that glittered in the nightlight like wet crocodile skin. Her own skin, so pale and delicate in contrast, seemed unbelievably perfect. Her delicate arms, her shoulders, the soft curve of her neck – all pale and perfect. Her lips were painted  - dark and moody and glistening – not easy to tell the true colour in the glow of the dashboard light. But tempting to guess. And her eyes. Oh, her eyes. All made up in shades of glittering silver that caught the light as she turned and smiled. 
“Hello, Ben.”
“Oh, Layla…” he murmured. He gazed at her, and she lowered her black eyelashes prettily for him, reminding him of ads for mascara that promise miracles of length and fullness. Then she flashed her big silver-grey eyes in his direction – making a pang go through his entire body. He felt a kind of shudder travelling downwards, making his foot tremble slightly as he moved it from the brake to the accelerator. 
“Where are you taking me, then?” she asked. 
He seriously doubted his ability to drive the car at all in this state. “Um. I’ve booked somewhere.”
“Do you mean a room?” she said, and he lost control of the clutch completely and let the car lurch forward, bunny hopping twice before he got hold of his composure again. 
“No. A restaurant. Like I said.”
She put on her seatbelt. “Okay. Let’s do this, then. I’m starving.”
Yeah. So was he. He wanted to drive the car up onto the pavement and into a dark alley somewhere. He wanted to rip off his seatbelt and hers and take her in his arms. He wanted to press his mouth down on hers and slip his tongue inside her. He wanted his hands on her body, sliding up under the glittering wet-look dress. Right now. Yes. Now. Layla!
He made a desperate effort to control the wild images flooding his mind and affecting his body. He had to get back into the appropriate frame of mind for driving through the London traffic. He gripped the steering wheel and tried to think about…other stuff. Medical conferences. Bandages. Bottles of antiseptic. 
She looked at him, and that didn’t help. “Are you alright?”
“Yes.” He made no mention of the fact that she had tortured him by being twenty minutes late. 
He drove away rather fast, and almost ran the first red light they came to. 
“Slow down, Ben. We don’t want to end up at the hospital tonight, do we?”
He swallowed. “No.”
Restaurant 
They went in to the restaurant. He escorted her across the room towards the ‘please wait’ sign, placing his hand for a second on her back as he moved her through the crowd that had gathered near the bar. 
He was relieved they’d kept his table for him. They were nearly thirty minutes late. He would leave the maître D a tip, he decided. 
The lighting was low and atmospheric. The music too, but with a steady beat. For a Tuesday night the place was busy, which boded well for the food. They got a secluded table. As requested. 
He watched her studying the menu. If she was nervous she was hiding it very effectively. When he’d run through this in his head earlier today he’d imagined she be overawed, a lost little girl out of her comfort zone, a fish out of water. The reality was quite different. He truly believed she was the most glamorous woman here tonight. Her earrings danced in the candlelight when she moved her head. The waiter asked them about wine and Ben ordered a bottle, without hesitation. She’d pass for twenty-five in that dress. 
They ordered food. Safe, conservative choices. Bread and olive oil. Chicken. Beds of seasonal salad. And the waiter took the menus away, leaving them with nowhere to hide. 
Ben offered to pour the water and managed to spill some on the table cloth. Something he had never done before in his life. Not since he was six, anyway. 
She smiled and dabbed at the damp patch with a spare napkin. 
“Sorry,” he said. 
“How old are you, Ben?” she asked. No messing about. Straight question. 
“Twenty-eight.”
She nodded and didn’t say anything. 
No need to. He already knew her age. He’d read her case notes. Thoroughly. 
“What else would you like to know?” he asked. 
She gazed right back at him, unfazed. “All the usual things.”
“Alright," he took a breath. "I grew up in North Fenland, of all places. My parents still live there. But I was educated at a school in Kent. Then the London School of Medicine. Then the Royal London Teaching Hospital. Then back to the Midlands. I wanted a training post at a hospital in my home town.”
“Why?”
“What?”
“Why did you want to go back to your home town? You said ‘North Fenland of all places’. It doesn’t sound like you liked it that much.”
She didn’t miss a trick. 
He swallowed. “There was a girl…”
“I see.” She looked questioningly at him. 
“She married someone else.”
“Good.”
Her directness was refreshing, and it made him smile. He realized it was probably the first time he’d smiled that evening. He took a risk. He reached out and took her hand across the table. Her fingers were warm, warmer than his. She did that thing with her amazing eyelashes again. 
Oh, Layla. 
“What about you?” he said. “I want to know about you.”
“I haven’t always lived at the Rookeries. We lived in Ilford when I was little.”
“I know Ilford.” His parents had friends that went to the synagogue there. 
“Yeah. It’s nicer than the Rookeries. A lot nicer, I'd have to say.”
“So, what happened?”
“My dad left. Well. Had to leave. At Her Majesty’s pleasure.”
“Your father was sent to prison?” Ben wasn’t sure why he sounded so surprised. 
“Yes. That’s correct.” She looked up for his reaction. “My real dad.”
He thought about this for a second. She was being very  upfront. She was an upfront kind of a girl, when she wasn’t with Ray Leach. His glance wavered down to her breasts for a moment. They were pale and perfect like the rest of her, begging to be touched. He granted himself about one second there, and then looked down at the table, at the shiny cutlery lying on the white starchy cloth, waiting demurely for the food.
“I see,” he said, remaining calm. “And where did you go to school?”
“Ilford primary. Then Dagenham secondary. Then the one near the Rookeries.”
“Is that the school where that incident happened?”
“Where that girl got stabbed? Yes.” 
He wished he hadn’t asked. “Places aren’t always as good or bad as their reputations, are they?”
“No," she said, softly.
"I hated the Royal London Hospital. And people kill to get in there."
He had to let go of her hand when the food arrived. Which he resented. But she seemed pleased with her steaming, aromatic piece of chicken in a pool of creamy sauce. And he wanted her to enjoy tonight. At least the wine waiter was back with the bottle – it was wrapped in a white cloth and glistening with condensation. Oh, at last.  Ben watched him open it. He really needed the wine. He didn’t bother with the pantomime of tasting it. He just waved his hand to get the man to pour it and go away. Leaving them with two large goblets of golden wine. Wonderful colour. Ben lifted his glass and made a move to chink it against hers. She responded, like he knew she would. She smiled and lifted her glass, and her eyes glittered.
“Cheers.”

*  *  *

Layla was nervous, but Tracey’s mum had coached her, told her how to act.  
“Don’t dither over what to order,” she’d said, “ and don’t keep looking at the prices. He knew exactly what it would cost when he booked it, cupcake. You don’t have to stick to crackers and water.”
So, she ordered what she felt like. And it was wonderful. It was food that tasted like it had been cooked in paradise and sprinkled with magic herbs to convince her she’d never tasted anything this good and she never would again. And then there was this amazing bottle of wine that was as easy to drink as lemonade, but left her feeling light-headed and light-hearted. She’d better go easy. She looked at Ben, all dark and moody and beautiful, and knew he was feeling the effects of the chardonnay, too. He’d got a lot more confident all of a sudden and was waving his arms expansively when he talked. She wished she could tell him to slow down, but she hardly knew him and he’d brought her to this lovely place, it didn’t seem right to speak up. And that wretched waiter kept appearing like the genie out of the lamp, bottle in hand, to refill their glasses.
She put her hand over the top of her glass and shook her head. Very firmly.
When the waiter left them she asked Ben a question she’d been meaning to ask. “I know you got me to fill out that form and everything, but isn’t it against the Hippocratic Oath to do this?”
“To take you out to dinner? Probably.” He gave a wry smile. “Most doctors don’t even swear the Oath any more. It’s not Hippocrates we’re scared of. It’s the General Medical Council.”
“Oh,” she said, glancing down to think about this. She’d always believed that there was this rock solid code of behaviour that no doctor would ever dare to ignore. He was dismantling her illusions.
“I swore it, though. A modified version of it.”
She looked up again, interested. “Does it cover this situation?”
“Not exactly. There is one part of it that relates to us, yes.”
Us, she thought. He definitely said ‘us’.
“But for me, it’s not the bit about keeping sex out of it.” His dark eyes glittered, dangerously. 
He was much more open now about his attraction to her, and it scared her. “Oh?”
“I made a promise to use my ability and judgment to help keep people safe,” he said, gazing at her. “From what is to their harm and injustice I will keep them. Those were the words I swore.”
She liked that. It sounded so protective.  Here was someone who had sworn to protect people from harm and injustice. She liked that idea.
“The day you walked into my office,” he continued. “It seemed like you needed me to do that for you.”
She felt like he’d looked into her soul, and it made her feel vulnerable. Shy. She couldn’t speak.
“We need to talk about Ray,” he said. 
She’d been dreading this. “I suppose so.”
It seemed to make him nervous too. He raised his glass to his lips, and again she wished he’d go a bit easier on the award-winning chardonnay. He drained his wineglass, and the ever attentive waiter came and refilled it for him. “Might I suggest another bottle, sir?”
Layla shook her head at Ben, hoping to persuade him. But he nodded at the waiter. “Another? Yes. Very good idea.”
Layla trembled inside – looking at Ben. He was gorgeous. He was clever and sexy and a lot older than her. And it looked like he was planning to get well and truly drunk. It was a situation she had no idea how to handle. Tracey’s mum hadn’t covered this. She was supposed to get drunk too, most likely. That was probably what he was hoping for. To get her off her face. Or off her feet, more like. He was a man, after all, and if he bought her dinner, he'd expect dessert.
But he had another thing coming if he thought he could get to her as easily as that. She hadn’t spent the last ten years in the Rookeries ‘just saying no’ for nothing. 
She resolved that she wasn’t drinking another sip. If there was more than half a glass in there, the waiter couldn’t keep filling it up – that seemed to be the way it worked. Or even if he insisted on filling it, she didn’t have to drink it, did she? And he couldn’t put any more in if it was already full. 
“Yes, well. About Ray. What do you want to know?”
“I know some things already. That you’re afraid of him. That he wants to exploit you. That he’s got some strange friends down at the Fizz club.”
She looked up sharply when he mentioned the Fizz club. “How did you know about that?”
“I asked a few questions. Went down there and had a look.”
“You went to the Fizz Club?”
“I was looking for you. It would have been easier for me if I’d run into you at a local bar rather than having to take the plunge and go to your flat.”
“Yes. I suppose,” she hesitated. “But I’ve never been to the Fizz Club and I don’t ever want to go there, either.”
“I hope you never have to. It’s a brothel, by the look of it.”
She glanced down. “If Ray gets his way, I could be working there any day now.”
Ben looked like this made him angry inside. “That must be avoided. At all costs.”
“I was hoping I could just hold him off until my mum gets back. She’s tough and she’ll know what to do. When she’s back and I haven’t got the children to think of, I might be able to get away. I think that’s the only real solution. To leave the Rookeries. It’s hard though, when all your family’s there.”
“What about your father?”
“Oh. Long gone.”
“Has he …passed away?” Ben said, politely using the expression that doctors often chose instead of the plain simple word he preferred. Dead.
There was a slight hesitation. “Yeah. Long gone.”
He looked at her like he didn’t quite believe her. Then he changed the subject. “Tell Ray there’s been a change of policy at the clinic. You’d need your mother’s consent to get the tests. Tell him I was adamant about this. He doesn’t know you changed doctor. If he finds out, tell him you were trying to find a doctor who would agree to do the tests. Tell him anything, but play for time. We need a bit more time, Layla, to get this sorted out.”
It gave her some hope, and she looked up into his eyes and wondered if she could start to trust him.
His eyes were a bit glazed with all the alcohol, but he spoke intelligently, insightfully about her situation. “I think what we really need to do is go over Ray’s head. Find someone in the Rookeries more important, and get them on our side if we can. If there was someone who would agree to help us, things would be a lot better.”
They talked and talked. And it got a late. The restaurant emptied out. The second bottle of wine was almost finished, and the conversation about Ray almost done. Nothing was settled but at least there was some kind of strategy taking shape. Heck, he even said she could move into his place if they could find a solution that wouldn’t hurt the children. 
“Ben,” she said, softly, “I can’t come and live with you. We only just met.”
“But it’s a situation that needs radical action, isn’t it?” he said. “And you said you needed my help.”
So Layla smiled and made excuses. She wanted to wait and see how her mum’s health was after she came out of rehab. She was doing alright, holding Ray off. When her mum got home, things would be different. But Ben had some doubts. 
“With all due respect to your mother, for trying to work on her problems. But do you really think a recovering addict can help you deal with a man like Mr Birch?”
Layla felt a pang of fear go through her. That name. That hated man. “Who told you Birch was involved. I never said a word about Mr Birch.”
“Oh…I don’t know. I just assumed, that’s all. I’d heard some talk.” He looked uncomfortable, and reached for his glass again, but it was empty.
When Ben started talking about dessert wine, she knew she had to intervene. He’d already had far too much. It was a miracle he wasn’t under the table – the amount he’d put away tonight. He was tall, but he was slim. If she let him sit there and drink three bottles, he’d pass out when he went to stand up.
“Ben. It’s time we went home.”
“Yes. Home. I’d like that.”
He meant his home. That was clear. 
It was obvious, when he paid the bill, that he was well and truly drunk.  She watched him signing the credit card slip with a flourish that went off the edge and onto the tablecloth.  He was swaying as he got to his feet. He couldn’t remember if he’d brought a jacket with him and seemed surprised when the waiter appeared with his and hers. 
“Oh, thank you,” he said, and looked daunted by the idea of putting the jacket on. The waiter had to help him, and she watched with gathering embarrassment while Ben got notes out of his wallet and thrust them at the man. “You’ve been a great help. Special night. Eternally grateful…”
The waiter took the money wordlessly and turned away. 
Layla had to get Ben out of the restaurant, somehow, before things got any worse. He kept trying to put his arm around her as they made their way out, though it was much harder to negotiate a path between the tables walking side by side, so she had to push him away. 
“Not here, Ben,” she said, meaning to warn him off, but he took it as a huge encouragement.
“No. Not here. My place.” He leaned in close and his hand strayed to her waist. He aimed a kiss at her face, right there in the middle of the restaurant. She was sure he would have kissed her lips if she hadn’t turned her head away at the last minute. 
“Ben! For goodness sake!” she pleaded. “Don’t ruin it.”
Layla was dying inside. She disengaged herself from his clutches. She steered him to the door. Holding his hand only out of necessity.
Taking Her Home
He pushed open the heavy glass door for her, hoping he was doing okay. A blast of cold air hit his face and he found it oddly refreshing. He looked at Layla and got the definite impression that she’d been happier about an hour ago. They stood in the street as the cars and taxis blared past. It was after eleven o’clock now. Reasonably busy, still quite a lot of traffic given that it wasn't the weekend. What day was it? Oh yes, his day off. That would be Tuesday. 
“My place is two streets away,” he said, trying to slide his arm around her again. “I’ll show you.”
She pushed him away, and turned to face him. “No, I don’t want to, Ben. You’re drunk.”
“I’m not drunk,” he insisted, but he knew he wasn’t sober. 
“Yes, you are,” she said, with obvious disappointment in her voice. “You’re not blind drunk. Or raving drunk. But you are drunk. Which isn’t good for you or for me. I’m miles away from home, and you’re not fit to drive. What am I supposed to do?”
He blundered towards her again and tried to put his arms around her.  “Come home with me, and we’ll talk. I promise I won’t try anything.” 
“You’re trying things now. In the street with buses going past. What d’you think it’s going to be like at your place?”
“It’ll be fantastic at my place. Come on Layla.”
“No. I’m not easy. I told you. I tried to tell you I’m not easy and I’m not for sale.”
The statement about not being for sale almost got through. He’d been sitting there all night talking about her right to choose. Dimly he realized he was screwing things up. “I’ll take you home,” he said, trying to switch back to the way he’d handled things earlier – polite, but firmly in control. “But come and have coffee with me first, Layla, please? Coffee would help, wouldn’t it? Once I’ve had coffee, I’ll be alright. Then I’ll take you straight home. I promise.”
“Ben. A cup of coffee isn’t going to cancel out two bottles of wine. I am not getting in your car with you tonight. And I’m definitely not going back to your flat.”
“Then I’ll take you home in a taxi.”
“From here? It would cost a fortune!”
“I don’t care. I can afford it.” He immediately regretted that remark. It made him sound like a braggart – a drunken braggart. He hated himself for being like that with her.
“I’m saying goodbye now. I’m going home on the tube.”
He lurched towards her, and tried to hold her shoulders. She seemed to be swaying – or maybe it was him. “Layla. Layla. I don’t want the night to end like this. Come back to my place. Please.”
“Oh, I see. I come to you and tell you how afraid I am that those men are going to use me, and your solution is you’ll do it yourself?”
“I didn’t mean that, baby. Why don’t you trust me?” He swayed dangerously. He knew he was messing this up. He tried to gather her into his arms. 
“Get off me. I’m going to find the tube station. Now.”
I’ve got to kiss her, he thought, or she’ll be gone. If I kiss her she’ll change her mind. He tried to lean in to snatch a kiss but she kind of ducked out of the way. He reeled unsteadily on his feet and he had to put his hand out and touch the brick wall beyond in order to avoid falling over. 
“Look at you!” she said. “You’re in a worse state than I thought you were, Ben.”
Ben kept hold of the wall with one hand, and stared down at the pavement near his feet. He wasn’t sure but it seemed to be moving, slower than the London traffic speeding along the road beside them, but moving all the same. “Then take me home and look after me, baby.”
“No! If you think I’m going back to your place with you in that state, you’ve got another thing coming.” she said, bitterly. To his surprise, she swept hot angry tears away from her pretty face, sending a dark smudge of makeup sliding off the side of her face and into her hair. 
“Oh, no,” he said. “Don’t cry. Crying’s bad. Crying means I messed everything up.”
She seemed to be trying to stop, but the tears kept coming. “Look. It was a lovely meal. Really it was. Lovely place, lovely evening. Until about forty minutes ago. That’s when I started to get worried.”
“Layla. I’m sorry,” he managed to let go of the wall and made a huge effort to stand up straight. “I’ll come with you on the train. I’ll walk with you back to the Rookeries. That would be the decent thing to do, wouldn’t it? I won’t even kiss you. I just want to take you home.” 
She was shaking. “No.” 
“Are you scared of me?” he asked, in surprise, as the idea wafted into his alcohol-saturated brain. 
“No I’m not. I’m not scared of you. Not like I’m scared of Ray and the people he knows.”
“I want to help you with that. Like I said I would. And I want to look after you tonight.”
“But Ben. You’re no good to me or to anyone like this. Look at you. You’re drunk.”
“I’m know. I’m sorry. I was nervous.” It was quite an admission. He hadn’t been nervous on a date for years, and he’d dated several very sophisticated women.  But then, he’d never really wanted any of them, not like he wanted her. “Please. Please, Layla. Let me take you home.”
She stared at him, and he saw rain and heartache in her big grey eyes. She almost shook her head, but then, she sighed instead. “Okay. You can come with me on the train to Bethnal. If you really want to.”
A small victory. A shred of hope. For which he was very grateful.

*  *  *

As the tube train rattled its weary way towards their stop, he risked a glance at her, sitting there beside him. She was pale and composed. She had dried her eyes and wiped away the stray eye makeup using the window of the train as her mirror. She was beautiful. Even in the harsh, flickering light of the underground train, she was very beautiful.  
The carriage was almost empty. Apart from Ben and Layla, there were only two others, further along. A couple of kids who were getting on much better than they were, swapping sweet talk and kisses. Ben glanced at them with a lonely kind of envy. Layla said nothing. It took over an hour to get back to the East End. And in that hour the effect of the award-winning chardonnay started to diminish. Ben sat there, reflecting on his sins, and the closer to the Rookeries they got, the closer he got to being sober. And the more acutely he felt a sense of shame. He had made her sad when he’d meant to make her happy.
She wouldn’t let him come to her door. She said goodbye to him at the boarded up pub where he had picked her up just a few hours earlier. When he was still in with a chance. 
“But, Layla,” he objected, “it’s dangerous to walk through the Rookeries at night.”
“Not for me, it isn’t. No one’s going to touch me, coz I belong to Ray. And Ray belongs to Jimmy and Jimmy belongs to Mr. Birch And nobody messes with Mr. Birch. They wouldn’t dare.”
Ben nodded. She was right, and he was out of his depth. “This was nice,” he said desperately. “We must do it again.”
“No,” she said. “You may be a wonderful doctor, but as a human being, you pretty much suck. And my dad always told me not to throw myself away on people that don’t deserve it.”
Ben swallowed. He had been told. 
“Goodnight,” he said and sighed. He watched her walk away from him, briskly – high heels clicking on the pavement and her pretty legs gleaming pale in the light of the passing traffic. He pushed his hands into the pockets of his black cashmere coat and started making his way home, alone. 

*  *  *

At Mile End Station, while he was waiting for the train back to Richmond, he phoned his sister. 
“Ben, it’s nearly two o’clock in the morning,” she said, sounding sleepy but benevolent.
“Ruth, I’ve met this girl…”
“Good,” she said, and it reminded him of Layla.
“I took her out tonight. For the first time.”
“Great,” she said. Waiting for more. 
“I’ve messed it up and I don’t know what to do.”
“Oh, dear,” Ruth sighed. Like this was always happening.  “Poor Benjy.”
There was no way he was telling Ruth the whole story, but she got at least part of it out of him. He told her about the restaurant and the black dress and the chardonnay. He admitted to her what he’d said and what he’d done and how the evening had ended. She made him repeat exactly what Layla had said to him when they parted. He dare not tell his sister how he’d met Layla – or her age – or her diabolical situation. Ruth was a lawyer, she’d tell him he was crazy. The truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, just couldn’t be revealed.
So armed with only a portion of the facts, Ruth tried to advise him. “Okay. I feel like I’m brokering a plea bargain, but here goes…” She told him what to do. “Go round there. Apologize. Say you’ll take her anywhere she wants. Get her to name the place. Do you hear me, Benjy? Or are you still drunk?”
“No. I mean yes. Go round there and grovel.” He ran a hand through his dark hair.  “Do I get her some flowers or something?”
“No. She doesn’t want to be bought, remember?”
Ruth was a mind-reader, thought Ben. He hadn’t even told her that the girl was terrified of being sold. 
Ruth summed it up for him, in case he’d forgotten. “Go and say you’re sorry. You fucked up. Ask her what she wants you to do to make it up to her. Then do it. It’s not that hard.”
“It seems hard. What if she tells me to jump in a lake?”
She sighed. “For a person of your intelligence, Ben, you can be amazingly stupid, sometimes. She doesn’t want you to jump in a lake. She dressed up, she wore jewellery, perfume. You said so. She wanted to impress you as much as you wanted to impress her. It was the only the Chardonnay that killed it.”
Doubts
Ben went to work hung-over and not for the first time. Maybe he should have tried the old saline trick. At med school, he’d known people who used to swear by it. You hook yourself up to a saline drip and while you sleep, it rehydrates you. Ben hadn’t bothered. He’d crawled into bed feeling like a failure and dreamt alternately of Layla and the consequences of pursuing her. He got through his caseload today on auto-doctor. Distant and grouchy, he barely looked at the patients’ faces. He’d glance at the rash or the itchy finger, scribble on the notes, ditto the prescription, and move on to the next. No trouble sticking to seven minutes today. He averaged six all morning. After lunch, he had it down to four. 
Maybe Layla was right. As a human being, he pretty much sucked. 
He felt bad. He was better than this. A better doctor, and a better person. And oh, if she would only trust him, he’d prove he could be a better lover.
He wondered if she was feeling any sense of regret, too. They’d gone through the whole rigmarole of getting her off his patient list for nothing. Nothing at all. And if she really wanted to hurt him, she could lay a complaint. He knew that. She’d been so vulnerable and she’d asked for his help – perhaps inappropriately – but she was the patient, and that’s what patients do. He was the one who was supposed to act properly. And instead, he’d let his longing and his loneliness lead him into that ethical no-man’s land where no doctor was supposed to go. 
But they did. Everyone knew that. Hospital staffrooms were full of it. Newspaper headlines screamed about it. And the medical tribunal saw it all. Misguided GPs who got carried away on home visits. Married doctors who erred and strayed. Psychiatrists – for heaven’s sake – who tossed away long careers (and their own sanity) for a beautiful, bewildered woman and an hour of pleasure on the consulting room floor. 
Ben couldn’t believe he’d turned into one of those men. 
He should call a halt now, while there was nothing for the papers to scream about. 
Alone in his room at closing time, he put his head in his hands again. And wild thoughts flooded his mind. Suddenly he didn’t care about screaming headlines. He didn’t care about them at all. Screams of pleasure – that’s what he wanted – hers and only hers. Please, Ben, don’t stop. Oh, Ben, please!
*   *   *
He knocked at the door of her flat in the Rookeries, and when she opened the door the look on her face said it all. She was hostile, like her heart was surrounded by barbed wire. “You can’t come round here, Ben. I don’t want you coming round here.”
“I behaved appallingly. I’m sorry.”
“Just go, Ben. You don’t belong here. It’s not safe for someone like you. You’ll get mugged. They’ll steal your car. At very least they’ll smash your windscreen and take your stereo. And if you’re stupid enough to use the underpass… well, you’ll come out a different man from the one you was when you went in. Understand?”
He was heartened by the fact that she was thinking of his safety and well-being. That gave him hope. “Layla, I need a second chance.”
“No, you don’t.” She attempted to close the door on him, but he was stronger than her, and he held it open with the flat of his hand. 
“I’ll scream,” she warned. “And in ten seconds flat there’ll be men up here a lot bigger and uglier than you are. I’m not joking, Ben. They’ll make you sorry you ever came up here. People at the Rookeries stick together.”
“I know,” he said. “But I need you to know that I wish things had been different and I want to prove to you that they could be.”
“I don’t think so,” she said, shaking her head.
“I was nervous. I was drunk. I’ve been single for over a year and lonely for a lot longer.”
“I can see why.” She was harsh and he knew he deserved it. 
“And Layla, I was so strung out about it being unethical, it was hard for me to behave like a normal person. Even once I’d decided to risk it all.”
She frowned, slightly. “But you’ve come back to ask for more?”
He nodded. “It’s too important just to let it go.”
She gazed at him. Big grey eyes, fringed with black lashes. No mascara. Just natural, unadulterated charm. 
So he pressed on. “Yes, Layla, I’m telling you how much this means to me. Enough to say to hell with my career. Come on. You wish things had been different too, I know you do. It’ll be better second time around. Where do you want to go, Layla? I’ll take you anywhere and ask for nothing in return. Only give me the chance to be with you for a couple more hours. Then it’s up to you.”
There was a long pause. She wouldn’t look at him, but he could see she was thinking about it, and he wasn’t going to quit while he was winning.
“Please. Name the place. Somewhere that makes you feel happy.”
“Happy?” she said, like this was a foreign concept. 
“Yes. Think back to the last time you were happy. Think about where it was – and I’ll take you there.”
He let the silence happen. Determined not to break it first. Convinced that if he gave her enough time, she’d cave in and name something she’d like to do. The silence expanded and grew. But he stuck it out. Held his ground. 
And finally, in a small shaky tone, she said, “The flower market. I used to go there with my dad.”
“Okay,” he said, quietly. “The flower market. I’d love to see the flower market.” He didn’t have any idea where the flower market was, but that was no obstacle. He’d find out. 
“We had pancakes after,” she smiled. Remembering better times. “When I used to go there with my dad.”
“We could do that, too,” Ben said. “Make it a proper date.”
“It’s not like a date,” she explained. “It starts early. Sunday mornings at eight o’clock. It doesn’t really count as a date.”
“Then it’ll be easier for both of us, won’t it?”
She nodded. “Maybe.”
“Is that a yes?” he said. “We’re going to the flower market.”
She still looked doubtful. “Ben. I got so scared when you got drunk. Everyone I know is on something. Downers, uppers, vodka. You name it, they’re on it. That’s how it is around here. But I hate all that and I need to know you’re different.”
“I am,” he said, and he meant it, most sincerely. “Let me take you out and I’ll prove it to you.”
“You have to do it without chardonnay.”
“If you go out with me, Layla, I could do no chardonnay for a month.”
“Could you?” And then she put her hand up to her face and looked all girlish and naïve. And she smiled. “Okay, then.”
Ben felt a surge of wild hope and optimism swelling like an orchestra inside him . This was going much better, thanks to Ruth. 
The Flower Market
It was misty at quarter past eight at the Columbia Road flower market. The street was full of flowers and the scent of them brought a freshness to the air, a burst of the dewy countryside, that you don’t normally get in central London. Nowhere else but here, Ben realized. No wonder the idea of coming here had entranced her. It was unique. Each side of the street was banked with flowers – and the growers were still bringing out more to fill the spaces. The market stalls lined both sides of the road. Bright splashes of colour and soft daubs of green, like an impressionist painting. Poppy red and sunflower yellow. In November? It amazed him. Lavender blue and pale pink and every other colour that flowers come in. They went as far as the eye could see – snaking off into the mist – and people wandering in the narrow lane between them, stopping to touch and savour, to lift a plant up and admire it, to smell the heady scent of the roses. 
“Two for a fiver!” the street sellers called. “Any two for a fiver. Everybody’s got a fiver…”
Ben took in an elated breath. 
Real London. And Layla beside him. Perfect. Everything was perfect. 
Don’t mess it up this time, Ben. 
She was wearing the same duffel coat as the night they went to the restaurant, but this time there was no danger of her taking it off. It was cold, and her warm breath made a cloud when she turned to speak to him, “Do you like it?”
“It’s wonderful,” he said, and his breath mingled with hers. 
She smiled. “It’s alright, innit?”
She wore jeans this time, and trainers, and almost no makeup. Just a tiny hint of peachy-pink lip-gloss that he’d love to – really love to – kiss. But he kept to the plan. He walked beside her, companionably. No reaching for her hand, no putting his arm around her waist, no obvious attempts at possession. He kept stealing looks though, while her mind was on the flowers. Her eyes were bright and her pale complexion looked fresh and innocent in the morning light. She liked this place, it was magical for her. And it was magical for him now too, seeing her like this. Ruth had been right. Ruth was a genius. 
“Oh, look, Ben. Snapdragons. Every colour.  See those little yellow ones, aren’t they lovely? You can see why they call them dragon flowers, can’t you?”
Ben shook his head. “No. Why?”
“Because if you squeeze them ever so gently…they open for you.”  She picked one up and showed him how, placing pale delicate fingers on either side of the bloom until it opened its tiny mouth like a gasping baby dragon. “Like this.”
He smiled. “Let me try,” he said, and she held the flower up while he made the dragon’s mouth open once or twice.  He grinned. Then she stood the pot back with the others and they walked on past banks of orchids against a soft green haze of leafy ferns. 
“Oh, look, Ben. White lilies – fully open – and scented hyacinths – breathe them in.”
He breathed and the early morning air was full of the scent of flowers. It was so unlike the petrol-scented smell of London that it felt like they’d stepped into another world.
“Oh,” she sighed. “I’d forgotten what it’s like. You can get anything you want here – every flower you can think of, don’t matter if it’s out of season.”
Ben struggled to understand how it all worked. “They raise them in glasshouses, do they? Or do they fly them in from somewhere?” Ben felt very ignorant. She knew all the names of the flowers in bloom, both the common name and the Latin one.  He only knew the names of drugs and diseases. 
“Some are imported, some grown here. They bring them on under glass outside London. That’s the only way you’d get all these flowers together on a day like today.”
She paused by the scented lilies, touching them lovingly. 
“Can I buy them for you?” he said. Breaking one of Ruth’s rules. 
“No,” she said, looking up. “Ray Leach wouldn’t like it. Some bloke buying me flowers.”
Ray Leach. He hated the sound of that man’s name. “That’s a shame.”
“No it isn’t,” she smiled and she took hold of his arm, a move that rather pleased him. “Look. See. Look down the street. Look at all the flowers, all of them. Not any one bunch or bucket. But all of them, all together. Isn’t that the most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen?”
No, he thought, looking at her face, but he didn’t dare say it. “Yes. It’s very beautiful.”
He could see what she meant. The sum of the whole was much lovelier than any single bloom or lonely little plant in a green plastic pot. 
“You can’t buy something like this,” she said. “You just have to look at it and love it while it’s here. Come three o’clock it’s all gone. Nothing but broken bits, lying on the ground…”
He nodded, saddened by the idea that all this beauty would soon be swept away. “We must make the most of it.”
He walked with her along the street, stopping wherever she wanted to stop. Admiring what she wanted to admire. Smiling at things that made her smile. 
Oh Layla, you are the sweetest flower here. His feelings burgeoned so strong inside him, that he wondered if passers-by could see it. It was a strange, scary feeling. Could people see – as he walked along with this girl. This girl. Could they see how fast he was falling for her? Free-falling out of the sky for her? 
Oh, Layla. He had thought that he would crash down on the pavement and die when she’d told him she wouldn’t see him again. And that was when he knew the truth. That he was a victim of the incurable disease. The malady of the heart. The sweet and terrible suffering they call love. Good grief, he was in love, when he had been convinced he was incapable of feeling it. Not for anyone, not after Becky. He had a new name now, to hold in his heart. Layla, Layla, Layla. 
“Wallflower. Lovely wallflower! Pink roses – look at the colour! Any four for a tenner. You look like you got a tenner, mister,” said a street crier as Ben walked by. “Buy some for the little lady…”
“She won’t let me,” he said and tried to walk past. 
But the stall-holder turned to Layla instead. “Rich fella like that and he won’t buy you some flowers. Shame on him! Here you are, love, here’s one for free.”
He took a bloom that had fallen onto the table, a white gardenia, only slightly crushed. She smiled and turned it around and around in her hands. Looking at it, admiring it. “Thank you.”
Ben helped her tuck it into the loop on her duffel coat, arranging the stem so it wouldn’t fall out. A strange, intimate moment. He caught the look on her face before she turned away. She does feel it, he thought. She does feel something.
After they had wandered through the flowers for a couple of hours… he asked her, “Shall we look for somewhere that serves pancakes?”
She glanced away and bit her lip, like she was surprised he’d remembered. “It doesn’t have to be pancakes. I was just remembering, that’s all…” 
Oh, they were having pancakes if it killed him. He’d made a dozen telephone calls last night. Narrowed it down to two places. Sid and Bev’s Grill and a place called the Lotus Flower, which was a rather exotic name for a pancake place, but maybe it turned itself into a bar at night. 
They settled on the Lotus Flower. It was the first one they came to, and looked warm and cosy inside compared with the cold air in Columbia Road. 
They went inside and went up to the counter. The man behind the counter wore a striped apron like a butcher. And yes, this was definitely a place that turned into a bar. Ben’s eyes roved over the bottles of wine and spirits behind the counter. 
The man behind the counter smiled. “Thinking about an Irish coffee, sir?”
Oh, how tempting. Whisky in his coffee. But he had to be strong. “Ordinary coffee, thanks.”
She smiled shyly, as he steered her over towards an empty table for two. Ben would have liked to move the salt and pepper and the sauce out of the way so he could hold her hands across the table, but Ruth had expressly advised against it. So they talked and eventually, she relaxed enough to show him an old photo of herself taken here at the flower market ‘about a million years ago’. She looked about eleven or twelve in the photo. She had long blonde hair down to her waist. And she was surrounded by flowers. The girl who would become the woman was there in the photo, smiling at him, and she was very pretty. 
“It’s lovely,” he said. “Who took the picture?”	
“My dad.” 
There was a long hesitation, before Ben found the courage to ask her the next question. “How often do you get to see him? Your father?”
There was a long silence before she answered. “I don’t.”
“Why not?”
“I told you he was dead and buried.”
“Yes. You did. But it isn’t true, is it?”
Massive pause. Layla bit her lip, and he wondered if he’d made a huge mistake bringing up a subject that might upset her. “God, you’re awful. You’re a mind-reader, that’s what you are.”
He laughed. “I wish I was. It would make being a doctor a lot easier.”
“You do alright.”
“Layla. Your father. Where is he?”
She shrugged and glanced out of the window into the street. “If I don’t tell you, I suppose you’ll find out.”
“Not if you don’t want me to. Best behaviour, remember?”
She smiled. “It’s been nice. This morning.”
He nodded. 
The food arrived. And it looked great. Two steaming plates of pancakes smothered in maple syrup. They obviously had a production line going full tilt in the kitchen out at the back. 
She explained that her father had been transferred to a prison outside London. “There is a train that goes out there, but it takes forever and I haven’t done it yet. I keep meaning to,” she said, sounding guilty. “I don’t know why I haven’t.”
Ben did. Because the fare would be at least thirty quid. He took a breath. “Look. This is presumptuous of me…”
Yes. Perhaps it was. But presumption had already played a large part in their blossoming friendship. 
She looked up, like she was bracing herself for what was coming. “Oh, I don’t know…”
Ben plunged ahead with his offer. “I could drive you there. To see him. And I’ll meet him if you want me to, or I could sit in the car park if you don’t.”
She looked like she was struggling to imagine him in either of those two places – the prison visiting area, or the prison car park, sitting in the black Audi, listening to Mozart, maybe, while she chatted to her father about his approaching parole review. 
But she said yes.
“Thank you,” she said, and touched his hand. “It would be good to see him. And I’d like to ask his advice about the Ray Leach situation.  He may not be the best person in the world, but he’s my dad and he knows all about the Rookeries.”
Mr. Birch
Mr Birch liked a morning stroll in the flower markets.  He liked to admire the girls who went there – you saw a special type of girl at the flower markets – fresh and pretty as unbruised cherry blossom. The girls at the Fizz club were more your bruised variety. Your black-eyed Susan, if you will. 
But here you could spot a different type of girl altogether. Graceful, willowy girls searching among the flowers for something special enough to take home. Fresh-faced girls new to London who missed the country life. He’d seen several young ladies this morning that he wished he had the keys for. Not that he’d take them for a spin himself. He was a businessman and he ran a very unique establishment. For his very best customers, he could offer what few other retailers could – a girl who was genuinely untouched. A lot of people tried to pass off the young tarts who worked for them as virgins even if they’d been standing on street corners for a couple of years. But he was different. He could truly deliver on his promises. Some people were obsessed with virginity. And where there’s an obsession, there’s money to be made. 
Ah, virginity. Who was that poet who wrote about it all the time? Keats, wasn’t it?

Unfelt, unheard, unseen,
I’ve left my little queen,
Her languid arms in silver slumber lying:
Ah! Through their nestling touch,
Who — who could tell how much
There is for madness — cruel, or complying? 
Of course, these days, the part about the little queen always had people thinking of a boy’s arse. But to him it still summoned up visions of a woman. A valuable, saleable, and altogether feminine piece of tart. He particularly liked the line ‘who could tell how much’ because that’s what he wondered, every time he looked at a woman. How much would she be worth? It was the way he evaluated women, no matter where he met them – in the City, on the tube, flying first class to Paris, his thoughts were always the same. 
Then, he saw a girl with a face like a virgin lily. A face he was sure he knew from somewhere. Yes. She was from the Rook’s nest, no doubt about it – he’d seen her trailing around with her two little brothers – though he’d thought she was still just a nipper. Ah, but time flies and rosebuds open. She was sitting in a café, with a young man who looked like a stockbroker. The cheeky piece – thinking she could get the likes of him. He knew who she was. The daughter of that drug-addicted tart who used to do shifts at the Fizz. Long time ago. Tara Gilbert, the mother was called. He chuckled. By rights, Tara’s daughter was his property. Because Tara had been. Still was in a roundabout way. Like everyone else who lived at the Rookeries. They just had to do what they were told or answer to him. 
What was this little darling’s name? He knew it, he was sure he did. 
Layla. The same as the song. And the book – Layla and the Madman. Everyone knew about Eric Clapton, but not many people knew about the book. A Persian love story. Very moving. 
He’d have to make some enquiries. Even if she’d given her lotus flower to the stockbroker, it was still worth making some enquiries. 

*  *  *

When they said goodbye on the corner by the boarded up pub, Ben almost risked trying to kiss her. But she was skittish and shy, and he didn’t want to push his luck. 
“Until Tuesday, then.” He extended his hand like she was another doctor in a hospital corridor. She looked at his hand like she wasn’t sure what she was meant to do with it. But then she put her hand in his, and he held on tight and gazed into her eyes. “Thank you, Layla.”
“It was good this time,” she said.  
“It’ll always be good. From now on. I promise.”
“Oh, Ben. You don’t know what you’re getting into.”
“I do. I’m an adult. And so are you. Almost.”
That made her glance away. She didn’t seem to like thinking about the gap in their ages. 
“You really don’t mind driving me all the way out to the prison?”
“On the contrary. It would be my privilege and my pleasure.”
She almost laughed. “The way you talk.”
“Sorry,” he said. “Private school has a lot to answer for.”
“No. It’s nice.”
“You’re nice,” he said. He was still holding her hand. It would be so easy just to kiss her.  She was all peachy and warm and he very much wanted to kiss her. But Ruth said not to. Ruth said hold back and don’t rush her. 
A worried look flashed over her face. “I’m not sure about you coming into the prison. If you do, it might open your eyes a bit.”
He gazed down at her. “My eyes are already open.” 
Then she surprised him, she reached up and stroked the side of his face. “You’re alright when you’re off the turps, aren’t you?”
“The best,” he said modestly. “It’s official then? We’re seeing each other?”
“You don’t want a girl like me, Ben.”
He smiled. “I do. You know I do.”
She flushed with pleasure. So he took a risk, he touched the side of her face too – mirroring the same sweet gesture that she had made a few seconds ago. “You and me, Layla? You and me?”
“Maybe.”
*   *   *
He was on top of the world the following day. He beamed at his patients like he was in love with them all. Nothing was too much trouble. He greeted athlete’s foot with enthusiasm and broken fingers as if they were a joy to treat. Skin lesions brought sunny reassuring smiles, and ingrown toenails were no problem at all. Today, even pulmonary disorders were part of Ben’s jaunt through the sunshine. 
“Settling in alright now, Dr Stein?” said Fiona.
“Oh, please, Fiona. Call me Ben.” 
“Well, I would. But it sets a bad example to the patients. Better to retain that barrier between them and the doctors, don’t you think?”
There was something slightly meaningful in the way she said that, and it made Ben turn and look her in the eye. “Oh, I don’t know,” he said. “I think it’s good to be more human with them. Puts them at their ease.”
Fiona looked at him. Over the top of her specs. “You haven’t been in general practice very long, have you?”
“No. I was a hospital doctor.”
“Most doctors want to be hospital doctors. And your CV was very impressive – I saw it when the applications came in. What on earth made you choose to come here?”
Ben gave her a radiant smile. “I answered that one at the interview, Fiona.”
Fiona smiled back, rather too knowingly. “If you remember, I wasn’t there.”
 “I would have remembered if you had been, Fiona. How could I forget a lovely face like yours?"
“Don’t flatter me, doctor. It doesn’t work on me.”
“No of course not, you’re much too intelligent. Why did I come here? For the sheer joy of treating the general public,” he said, grandiosely. He picked up his next patient file. “Ah. Mrs Bradshaw. With the boils. Ask the nurse to bring me something to lance them with, will you?”
“Ugh,” said Fiona. “Mrs Bradshaw’s boils. Anyone would be thinking you’d be desperate for your day off.”
“Oh, I am. I’m counting the hours,” he said. 
“Going somewhere nice?”
“Yes,” he said, excitedly. “Chelmsford Prison.”
Then he sailed away on a cloud of irrepressible happiness while crabby old Fiona paged the nurse. 

Fiona shook her head after he’d gone. She murmured under her breath. “And who do you know at Chelmsford Prison, I wonder?”
She tapped a name into her computer. Gilbert. And waded through quite a few entries until she came to one that had been closed six years ago. Hmmm….

Prison
Ben was excited about the visit to the prison. And a little nervous. 
Layla had agreed that he could come in and meet her father. He had promised he would behave himself and refrain from asking unpopular questions like ‘how long have you got left to serve?’
They parked the car and joined the long queue of people waiting to go inside the prison. “It’s a bit like getting into an exclusive nightclub,” he remarked, and she frowned at him. 
It was a grim place. Angled stone walls and barbed wire. Sets of doors that only opened one at a time, just like at the zoo. Together they went through the security checks. It amused Ben that they wanted to check to see if he was carrying a gun. Or if Layla was carrying it for him. They went into a big hall with lots of rectangular tables set out, and she explained how it worked. On one side of each table, there was a red chair. On the other side of each table, there were two blue chairs. Red for prisoners. Blue for visitors. Just in case anybody got confused. 
“What happens if I sit in the red one?” he asked. “Do I get a uniform with arrows on?”
“Ben. Don’t be stupid.”
That sobered him up. He didn’t want to lose sight of his objective. Win her heart. And her soul. And her body…
They found an empty table. Ben sat down in a blue chair next to Layla. And she explained that when everyone was seated, the prisoners would arrive. 
“This is quite civilized,” he said. “Not what I was expecting at all.”
She shifted uneasily in her seat. She seemed to be dreading the moment when her father came face to face with him. “It's a prison, that's all. What were you expecting?” 
“Oh, I don’t know. Glass screens. Telephones. Armed guards.”
“That would be high security. This one’s only medium.”
“Ah,” he said. “I understand. Presumably your father didn’t murder anybody, then?”
“Aggravated robbery with violence,” she said. “Transferred here for good behaviour.”
“Ah,” said Ben. Well what did one say? He couldn’t imagine how it would feel if his own father lived in a place like this. He pictured Morrie Stein – respectable businessman, much-loved husband and father – banged up for some crime with a horrible name. Oh, poor Layla. No wonder she felt so awful. He smiled encouragingly at her, to show her that he cared. 
“Look at you,” she said in a softly reproachful tone. “Sitting there in your expensive coat. My dad's going to freak when he sees you.” 
Ben shrugged apologetically. Yes, the black coat and the alpaca scarf probably spoke volumes about the kind of man he was. He was warm and well-off and sure of himself, in a room full of tired-looking women with bleach-blonde hair and skinny boys with lots of piercings.
“Don't worry, Layla. It'll be okay.” He reached across and squeezed her hand. “I hope he’ll be pleased to see you.” 
“Yeah. I hope so.” That was when she looked up and caught her breath. 
Ben looked up too, and saw the man. He came weaving through the tables to reach them. A small, tired man with a lined face, and a body type they always call wiry. He had bright blue eyes – really vivid – and they were fixed on Layla. 
And the first thing he said before he even sat down was, “Layla, what have you done to your hair?”
She touched her short hair, self-consciously, “Sorry, dad. I should have wrote and told you.”
“What did you want to do that for? You had lovely hair.” He pulled out the red chair. He sat down, heavily, like the new hairdo was a real blow. Then he sighed and looked at Ben with deep suspicion. “And who the freak is this geezer?”
Ben stuck out a hand. “Ben Stein. Pleased to meet you.”
But Layla's father didn’t seem to be in the mood for shaking hands today.  Didn’t tell Ben his name. Just looked at his daughter – with bright blue, quizzical eyes – demanding an explanation.  “He drove me up here, Dad.”
“Really? Why?” 
Ben looked at Layla too, wondering if he should leave it to her to explain the nature of their relationship.
She took a deep breath. “Well, Dad. Ben and me… Me and Ben…”
Layla’s father gave Ben a hostile look.  “You’re seeing him? Him?” 
“Yes.”
“Oh, God.”
“Are you sleeping with him?”
She looked up. “No! We only just met.”
Layla glanced at Ben, who glanced back at her nervously. Things weren’t kicking off to a good start. 
Then her father asked, “Why does he look like a lawyer?”
“He’s not. He’s a doctor.”
“No he ain’t. No doctor ever goes out with a girl from the Rookeries. Unless he’s pushing dope.”
“Dad!” Layla's grey eyes welled with tears. “He isn’t dealing. I swear.”
Ben rescued her. “I’m sorry, Mr Gilbert. I can see we’ve caught you off guard. Perhaps I should have waited outside. I’ll go, if you want me to?”
“You do what you like,” the man said, huffily, and folded his arms over his chest. 
“Thank you, Mr Gilbert, you’re very kind. Look, I’ve only known Layla for a short while, but she’s told me how important you are to her, and I thought I’d really like to meet you. And for you to meet me. That way, when Layla writes to you, you’ll know who she’s talking about… if she ever mentions me, that is.” Ben smiled – a harmless, goofy kind of smile. It seemed to help. 
“Eddy,” her father said. “Short for Edward.”
“Ben,” said Ben. “Short for Benjamin.”
Eddy unfolded his arms, and shook hands with Ben, a little reluctantly. 
“Jewish boy, are you?”
“Sort of, yes,” Ben admitted.
“Looks like it,” Eddy said. With a sniff. “Where d’you meet my Layla?”
Oh, no, Ben thought, we should have prepared an answer for this question. He grasped at a shred of the truth and offered that in desperation. “We met at the pub on the corner. Not far from where Layla lives.”
It might work. Eddy Gilbert had been inside so long he might not know the pub had been closed for the last eight months.
"Is that right?" said Eddy. Looking carefully at his daughter's pretty face. 
She nodded. And glanced away. Ben had already sussed out that she didn’t find it easy to lie to her father. 
“As long as it wasn’t the Fizz Club,” said Eddy. “I don’t want you going in there.”
So Layla leaned forward and touched her father’s arm. “He’s helping me, Dad. He won't let those bastards get me."
Eddy looked at Ben suspiciously. "Is that so?"
So Ben said, "Yes. I'd do anything to keep her out of there."
"Would you now?" Eddy said. "And what are you hoping for, in return?" 
It was a blunt question. Eddy was direct just like his daughter. 
So Ben looked up and met the man's eye. He swallowed and then he spoke. "It’s early days, Eddy, but I'm hoping I'm in with a chance. I'm hoping Layla and I could have a future together.”
And Layla blushed, rose pink, and glanced down. But when she looked up, Ben could see she was grateful.
After that, the conversation moved onto easier topics. Prison food. Bradley’s progress at Dagenham Primary School, or lack of it. And that great British standby – the weather – which even Eddy Gilbert got to experience, to a limited extent. 
As arranged, at about half-time, Ben left them alone, and went to wait in his car.
*   *   *
Layla was left alone with her father. For a heart-to-heart. 
Eddy leaned forward. “Seriously? A doctor?”
“Yes. He’s nice, when you get to know him.”
“Are you sure he’s not another Mr. Birch – different accent – same deal?”
“I’m sure. Come on, Dad. He’s different. He’s not like the people from the Rookeries.”
“No. He’s probably worse.”
She sighed. There weren’t any worse people than the people from the Rookeries, as far as she was concerned. “I’m just seeing how things go with him, that’s all.”
“Not living with him, are you?”
“No. Like he said, we only just met.”
“I’d be happier if you’d only just met someone else.”
“Dad. How can you say that? He’s alright. He’s got a good job. He’s got a nice car. He took me to the flower market the other day. No strings attached. And he’s driven me all the way here to see you. Never asked me for anything in return.”
Eddy grimaced. “Soon will. They’re all the same. It’s human nature.”
“I was hoping you’d like him. I like him.”
“I’m sure you do. But Layla. What does he really want with a girl like you? You’re not his type. And he’s not yours. Or he shouldn’t be.”
“He’s nice. He’s kind. And I like him. You always said I’d get a feeling, when I met the one for me.”
“Layla, Layla, for goodness sake. Maybe he is genuinely nice. He certainly wanted me to think so. But if that’s the case, then what do you think the Birch Boys will do to him, if he hangs around the Rook’s Nest for too long? Nice people don’t last long in the Rookeries, do they Layla? Look what happened to me. They’ll chew him up. Unless he’s not as nice as he seems…”
She stared at the table. Because lots of things her father said made perfect sense. They always did.
Eddy touched her hand. “I don’t mean to upset you, love. But be careful, and don’t let him break your heart. Nothing but the best for my Layla. Nothing but the best, you understand?”
She nodded. And then she tried to get up the courage to tell him about Ray Leach. 
When visiting time was over, she walked across the car park, glad to be out of that depressing place and into the fresh air again. It was cold and clear outside – a  bright day, considering the time of year. She looked for Ben, trying to remember where he’d parked the car. 
He was standing by the black Audi, smoking a cigarette. 
He looked a little guilty when he saw that she’d seen him with the cigarette between his fingers. Did he imagine she hadn’t guessed? First time she’d met him she’d got the idea he was a smoker, and the time he came up to her flat she’d been sure. The scent of it had lingered on his clothing – like he’d been calming his nerves with a cigarette just before he knocked on her door.
But he obviously thought he’d had it well hidden. He shrugged and raised his eyebrows apologetically. But then he raised the cigarette to his mouth again. He took a long pull, and gazed at her as the smoke escaped his lips, testing her reaction. 
“Don’t,” she said and took it away from him. “It’s very bad for you.” 
She dropped the cigarette onto the ground and stubbed it out with her foot. There were several other butts on the ground by the car door. She looked at them and spoke reprovingly. “How many have you had? Six cigarettes in less than an hour? That’s chain-smoking, Ben.”
“I know, I know,” he said. “It’s a nervous habit.”
She looked up at him now. “It’s oral gratification. That’s all it is. And there are better ways of getting that, aren’t there, doctor? Healthier ways.” 
“Would one of them include kissing you, do you think?”
“With you tasting like an ashtray? Not bloody likely.”
“I could have a breath mint,” he said, hopefully. 
“Oh, irresistible.”
So Ben changed the subject. “Did your father say anything, after I left?”
She laughed. “No, we sat there in total silence.”
“What?”
“Of course he said things. I haven’t seen him for over a year. We talked a lot. But you mean did he say anything about you, don’t you?”
“Yes.”
“He said it was good of you to bring me to see him.”
“Did he?” Ben looked hopeful again, for a different reason. “So, do you think he liked me, then?”
She sighed. “No Ben. I don’t think so. He doesn’t trust you. I had a feeling he wouldn’t. He told me I shouldn’t trust you, either. Thinks you’ve got ulterior motives.”
“I have, yes. I’m going to seduce you and make you fall in love with me,” Ben said, with a hint of a smile. Then he put on a sort of tough-guy voice, “I’m ruthless, but I get what I want.”
That almost made her smile, but it was difficult to let her guard down after seeing her father in the prison. It was distressing seeing him like that – so broken by what life had done to him. She had to be genuinely tough to survive it, it wasn't a matter of pretending. “He thinks you and Ray Leach are cut from the same cloth.”
Ben looked offended. “I hope you set him straight. Oh, sorry. Not the right word.”
“I tried to,” she said, wearily. “but he doesn’t find it easy to trust people. Not since he got put in there.”
“My sister’s a lawyer. Do you want me to ask her to come and see him?”
“No,” she said. “It’s bad enough that you saw him. But at least it was only you.”
The whole idea of Ben’s rich family finding out about everything was…well…worrying. When they found out, it would be the end of it, no doubt. They’d persuade him to be sensible and find himself another lady doctor. 
“Only me?” he said, with an amused smile. “Does that mean my opinion doesn’t count, or that you’re starting to trust me – even if your father doesn’t?”
She didn’t want to answer that. He was already getting way too cocky. “Can we drive back to London, now? I’m worried about the kids.”
“Of course.”
He ate several breath mints on the way home, she noticed. He didn’t need to try to impress her, surely he knew that? Every minute they spent together was precious to her. Stolen moments, secret moments. Moments she'd treasure for the rest of her life, even when he was gone. 

First Kiss
Ben smiled as he drove along the motorway. He liked to think he was winning with Layla. The way she’d been about the cigarette – she was starting to trust him – to speak her mind with him. He liked that. If she asked him to give up the smokes, he truly believed he’d do it for her. He’d do just about anything, for Layla. 
All the way home he wondered if there'd be an opportunity soon, to kiss her. He had dreamed about it, schemed about it, plotted and planned it. Their first kiss. 
But it had to be perfect – that was the problem. He was confident about his level of skill and prior experience – that wasn’t the issue. It was more a question of how to lead her to the moment. How to melt her into it without it seeming too clunky. And where to take her to do the deed. He wished he could think of the perfect place. He didn’t want to do it in his car, or the back row in a cinema – those places weren’t special enough. Not for his first kiss with Layla. But London was always teeming with people and the only place he could guarantee they’d be alone was his flat. She wouldn’t go there. It was like she’d made some kind of vow, or something. He liked the idea of kissing her in Richmond Park, with autumn leaves falling around them and deer grazing in the fields nearby. And like the flower market, Richmond Park was a rare slice of the English countryside right there in the middle of the city. Glorious in the summer. They could go there with a picnic and a blanket. But it was mid-November now. The leaves were gone and it would be freezing in the park. He didn’t want the poor girl shivering in his arms and begging him to take her home. Unless it was back to his place…
 “What’s the matter?” she said.
He didn’t realize, until she spoke, that he had sighed. They were almost back in London now – the traffic was thickening and it was getting dark. “Just thinking about where to take you next time.”
She glanced down, shyly. “Tower Bridge, maybe.”
“Tower Bridge?” 
“Yes, it’s got a walkway up at the top that looks out over the river. Sometimes it’s really quiet up there and you can stay for ages, if you’re not in a hurry.”
He smiled. She was thinking the same way he was. “Sounds perfect.”
He had to concentrate hard as they drove into London. Everyone seemed to be heading into the city at top speed, demonstrating high levels of driver impatience. Driving was a serious business when it was like this. Which is why it came as a shock when he heard her make a soft sound beside him. Glancing sideways, he saw she was crying.
“Hey, Layla,” he said, searching his heart for any indication of what he might have done wrong this time. “Was it something I said?"
“I thought you wouldn’t want to see me again after you met my father, and now you’re going to take me to Tower Bridge.”
 A sense of relief suffused his whole body. He took his hand off the gear stick to touch her hand, wanting to reassure her. “Of course I am. Don’t worry. Seeing your father didn’t change anything for me, I told you it wouldn’t.”
“It changes things for me, though. I’ve let you see things I’ve never let anybody see. I’ve told you secrets I was supposed to be keeping.”
He squeezed her hand. “That’s a good thing. We’re supposed to be getting to know each other. Gradually. Like any other couple.”
Couple? He’d announced that they were a couple – after one trip to the flower market, a pancake and a prison visiting hour? He swallowed. Yes, he had fallen for her. From a great height. And they were a couple. A couple who had never even kissed. An odd couple. A very odd couple.
“I don’t know anything about you,” she said with a laugh. But she dried her eyes, and seemed a bit happier.
“When do you want to go to Tower Bridge?” he said. “Tuesday?”
Tuesday was his day off. 
She thought for a moment, and then spoke shyly, like she was afraid to ask. “Could we go on Wednesday? Just this once?”
He wanted Tuesday. Tuesday was sooner. Why would she want to wait another day? 
But then he remembered what was special about Wednesday. She was turning eighteen. Her birthday, and she wanted to spend it with him. “Okay. I’ll see if I can get Wednesday off this week.”
“Sorry. Your job’s important. I shouldn’t have asked.”
“Layla. It’s okay. I’ll change my shift.”
“Thank you.” She looked at him gratefully. And everything seemed good again. Except that as they got closer and closer to her part of London, she seemed to get very nervous. 
Finally, she said, “How about you drop me at Stratford Station?”
“Why?”
“Because it’s only another two stops to Bethnal, and there’s less chance of anyone seeing us if I go home on the train.”
Quite clearly she didn’t want their new ‘couple’ status announced in the paper any time soon, and Ben felt a little disappointed. 
“Okay,” he said. 
So he pulled in to Stratford Station car park and cruised round looking for somewhere to leave the car. 
As he slowed right down near the Station entrance, she put a hand on the lever that opened the car door. “You can drop me here if there’s nowhere to park.”
“No. I’ll come in with you. I’ll keep you company while you wait for the train.”
Eventually he parked in a space that wasn’t really a space – though it didn’t say ‘Keep Clear’ or anything. He flung his ‘Doctor on Call’ sign up onto the dashboard and hoped for the best. 
They both went into the station. She counted out some change for the fare, and he got a platform ticket. 
It was busy – there must have been a hundred people or more, waiting for the city train.
She was cold, standing on the station platform. She shivered and pulled her old duffel coat more tightly around her. “It’s freezing up here.”
“Have my scarf,” he said, touching the white alpaca scarf he wore tucked into the front of his coat.
“No,” she said, shyly.
But he ignored that and pulled the scarf out, releasing it and pulling it up over his head. Then he looped it over her, hoping that she’d like that it was still warm from the heat of his body, and their hands met as she reached up to tuck it in. He smiled and lingered there, hands touching hers. “Better?” 
She smiled. “I’ll give it back when the train comes.”
“No. Keep it.”
“I can’t.”
“It’s only a scarf. Tell them you bought it when you went shopping. You have to come home with something.”
“Maybe.” She touched the edge of the soft, white scarf. She seemed to quite like the idea. 
Then she surprised him. She slipped her arms up around his neck and looked at him like he was some kind of hero. 
He grinned. “It’s only a scarf.” 
She smiled and he took the chance to put his hands on her waist and enjoy this moment with her. This was nice. Layla, happy and smiling, in his arms where she belonged. He gazed down at her and was almost tempted to lower his head and taste her lips, when he heard something that made him look up. The train was coming. He smiled down at her again, feeling a deep sense of regret that they didn’t have more time. She must have heard the train too, but she ignored it, looked up like she only had eyes for him. He didn’t want to look away and break the moment, although soon he knew he would have to. The train was near, snaking along the line towards the platform. The people stirred and noise and commotion filled the air. 
So he took a risk. “Do you want me to wait for Tower Bridge?”
And she said, “No. I want you to kiss me.”
So he kissed her. A slow, passionate kiss. And she opened up to him and let him in, responding like he’d dreamed she would. He slid his tongue inside her and he didn’t care that the station platform was crowded with people, rippling past them like the waters of the Thames. He pulled her close, nestling her body against his. He kissed and kissed her, long and hard and slow. Oh, Layla. Her sweet, eager mouth pressed against his, sending pulses of longing through his body. All around them, he sensed people on the move – some alighting, some boarding the train. But she was warm and responsive in his arms and melting into his kiss. He didn’t care if she missed the train.
She pushed him gently away. “I’ll miss it if I don’t go now.”	
“Let it go. Stay with me.”
He tried to keep hold of her hand but she smiled and broke away. She stepped onto the train in the last possible second before the doors closed. He saw her go inside and find a place to stand. She gave him a shy smile as the train jolted and began to move.
He stood there, mesmerized by her kiss as the train pulled away. She was the real deal. He knew that. She had his heart, she had his soul. He watched the train disappear towards Bethnal Green and put his hands deep into the pockets of his coat. He wanted to stand there forever, on the empty platform, enjoying the kiss retrospectively. Remembering the pleasure of her warm body pressed against his, and the sweet waves of sensation it gave him. 
Everything was worth it for that kiss. Everything.
Rumbled
It was raining now as she walked towards the Rookeries, past the burnt out car that had been there for a month or more. It was dark and she hated walking through the estate in the dark, the only comfort being that people wouldn’t touch what belonged to Ray Leach. She entered the fortress-like block where her mother’s flat was, and started climbing the exterior stairs. The rain beat in and stung her face as she turned the corner and hurried along the outside balcony that led to her front door. Gratefully, she felt for her key, slipped it in the lock and let herself in. The children would still be at Tracey’s – she’d just go inside for a minute and then she’d go and fetch them home. 
When Layla got inside, Ray was sitting on the tartan couch, waiting for her. 
“Hello, birthday girl.”
And she took two steps backwards, like she imagined he was going to stab her or something. “It’s not my birthday…” she began, pathetically.
“Oh, it is.” Ray got up and picked up a red envelope lying on the top of the television. It wasn't sealed, not any more. Ray had opened it, of course and it contained a birthday card, from her auntie who lived in a home for people suffering from dementia. How ironic that poor Auntie Pat, who couldn’t remember that she no longer had a dog called Molly and had trouble recognizing the face of her oldest son, had remembered to send Layla a sodding birthday card. A stupid, troublemaker of a card with a big number ‘18’ on the front. 
“No, Ray. It’s not today. Auntie Pat doesn’t know anything. She lives in a home for the bewildered.”
He took a few steps towards her. And then lunged and grabbed her arm. “Don’t lie to me, Layla. Eighteen, sixteen, what’s the difference. Either way you’ve been lying.”
“Please, Ray, you’re hurting me.”
“Oh, you’ll be hurting alright, by the time I’ve finished with you.”
“No, Ray, don’t…” She struggled to twist away from him, and ran and shut herself in her bedroom. He banged on the door and continued the conversation like that – with her leaning on the door to keep him out and him shouting and hammering on the other side. 
“When was it? Yesterday? Today? Layla! I’m going to break this door down and get the bloody truth out of you, girl, even if I have to smash your pretty face in.”
Layla brushed hot tears away from her face. “It’s not til next week. Wednesday. The card’s early.”
“Why should I believe that? Everything you’ve said so far was a lie.”
“It’s the truth. Ask Tracey’s mum if you don’t believe me. She’s looking after my birth certificate for me, and she's known me since before I was born.”
“Eighteen,” he said, with an evil kind of relish. “Is that correct? Eighteen on Wednesday, my girl?”
There was no hope now. He’d ask. People would be afraid to lie to him, because he was friends with Mr Birch. He’d find people who knew how old she really was. Knew when she’d left school. Knew when she first started claiming the dole. Knew she was lying about being younger. “Yes. Eighteen on Wednesday. But you and Mr Birch can’t do anything with me until then. Not unless you want to end up doing time.”
She knew he was terrified of ending up in prison. It was the only lever she had over him, and now – because of Auntie Pat’s birthday card – it was a lever that would only work for a few more days. 
“You better pack your bags, girl. You ain’t staying here, tonight.”
“What?”
“Yes. You think I’m stupid? Do ya? You think I don’t know you’ll be doing a runner in the morning before I get out of bed?”
That was indeed, Layla’s last hope. In her mind she’d already set the her tiny bedside clock to ring at 5am – a time when Ray would be almost comatose from his excesses, but not yet ready to wake up and go searching for more. 
“I have to stay here – I promised mum I’d look after the children.”
“No. That was all very well when you weren’t old enough to work. But things is different now. You need to go somewhere safe, where people can keep an eye on you. And those kids need to be properly looked after. I’ll be ringing the social services in the morning – after you’ve gone.”
“No, Ray. Please. Please don’t send me away. Bradley and Jayden – they’re too little to fend for themselves. I promised mum. You promised her too, Remember Ray? Remember  what you said to Tara?”
But he had gone quiet. And she opened the door a crack and then a bit more. And when she crept out of the room, she saw him sitting on the hall floor in front of the door, cradling the phone, talking it over with the only man he really trusted. Mr. Birch. Who was telling him he’d already seen the lovely Layla, and thought that yes, she would do very nicely. Though he was a little worried about the boyfriend.
“Boyfriend?” said Ray, in confusion. “No, she ain’t got a boyfriend.”
There were a few seconds more of muffled conversation, while Layla’s heart sank. 
Ray was frowning as he spoke on the phone. “Where did you say you saw her?” He looked up at Layla, watching her face, judging the reaction for himself. “Oh, I see. Columbia road.”
She could have cut her own wrists for her stupidity. The flower market. 
Ironically, she would have been much safer meeting Ben in Richmond. Safer in the privacy of his flat, if only she’d agreed to go there, like he wanted her to. As long as they were far away from her own turf they were much less likely to be spotted. But no. She had only felt safe in the one place where she wasn’t. The flower market, where her father used to take her. It was obvious now. The flower market was too close to home. The flower market was a place of clear and present danger. She’d been a very silly girl. 
Ray came off the phone, and pulled her short blonde hair sharply back from her head, and twisted it hard. “Mr Birch wants to know if you’ve slept with that rich boyfriend of yours.”
She tried to lie – if not for her own sake then for Ben’s. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Oh, I think you do. Birch said you was cozied up with some fella that looked like a stockbroker.”
He dragged at the scarf she was still wearing round her neck. “Who gave you this, then? This is something a posh bloke would wear. Who is he, Layla?”
“He’s just some bloke I got talking to. You wouldn’t know him.” 
Oh, God, they’d kill him if they knew his name. And Ray would have known him, if he’d seen him. But thankfully, Ray wasn’t there. Only Mr. Birch had seen them together. And it was a well-known fact that Mr. Birch didn’t live with the scum in the Rookeries. He owned a big house a long way away. So he wouldn’t know about Ben and the medical centre. That secret was safe, for now. 
But Ray’s concern was about the merchandise. Her face and her body were his fortune, and he wanted to know if she’d been giving it away.
“No, Ray. I swear I’ve done nothing with him. Only a kiss. That’s all.”
After the words were out of her mouth, she almost wished she’d lied and said she’d done a lot more. But Ray would have given her such a beating if she’d said that. Kicked the crap out of her. That's why she told him the truth. At the Rookeries, your first hope was always self-preservation. Short-term. Save your skin and think later.
Ray let go of her hair and looked at her. Trying to judge if she was lying, maybe. 
“It’s the truth, Ray.” She felt weak and exhausted. It had been a long day – the long drive out of London to the prison, seeing her father, and then later, kissing Ben – oh, yes, kissing Ben, who was sweet and good and deserved so much better than she could ever give him. And then travelling home and walking back from the station through the cold November rain. 
“Where’ve you been with him?” Ray said. “You’ve been gone all day. Tell me the fucking truth.”
He went to grab her hair again. 
“I went to see my dad,” she stammered. “He’s inside. Chelmsford Prison. Remember.”
“Did you take lover boy with you?”
“He’s not my lover boy. You know as well as I do what a lover boy is. And he’s not one of those. He’s just some bloke that drove me to the prison.”
“Come on, Layla. Men don’t drive girls all over Essex without expecting certain rights and privileges, do they?”
“If he’s hoping for rights and privileges. He hasn’t had them. Not yet.”
Ray sniffed. “If you’re telling the truth, and you’d better be. Then that’s the best news I’ve heard all day.”
She knew what would happen, now. They'd find out who Ben was, and Ray would arrange for someone to hurt him. Men can’t just do what they want with a Rookeries girl and expect to get away with it. She didn't think she could bear to see Ben hurt. She lied to herself, hoping they’d just warn him off, then maybe he wouldn’t be hurt too bad, but if he refused to listen - it didn’t bear thinking about.
Stabbed
The next morning, at the medical centre. Sally had a stack of admin work in her in tray today, but that didn’t stop her from finding excuses to walk along the corridor now and again. She particularly liked to walk in the vicinity of consulting room three, especially when Dr Stein was rostered on. Every seven minutes he’d appear at his door – like a cuckoo in a clock – in search of his next patient. So, if a love-struck receptionist loitered long enough in the hallway, fate would provide an encounter, if Sally gave fate a little shove. 
But then she saw the boy. 
He was leaning against the wall outside the room where Ben was working. The boy, with café latte skin and a loose head of afro hair, was probably only in his early teens. He was looking towards the closed door of consulting room three. As if he was waiting for Ben. Which was the first thing that was odd. He ought to be in the waiting room if he was a patient. But there was something else not quite right with this boy. His head was resting on the wall and he kept closing his eyes, like he was desperately, desperately tired.  
Sally frowned. She did the mental checklist in her head. Medical exam for insurance? Not likely. Food poisoning? Probably not. Drug withdrawal? Possibly, though the look in his eyes was different. More like pain, less like starvation. Heart attack? In theory he was much too young, but he was clutching his right arm. 
She looked curiously at him. “Can I help you? Are you alright?”
He nodded. But he didn’t look it. Because, under the medium brown skin, his face was all waxy and white. He looks like death, she thought. 
Then she saw the drops of blood on the boy’s jacket – injury – yes. 
“What are you doing here? Have you filled out the form at the reception desk?”
He nodded, though she was sure that he hadn’t. “Just waiting for the doctor.”
Sal wondered if she should knock on Ben’s door. Speed things up. But then Ben’s last lot – a mother and three young children – came traipsing out of the room because their turn was over. And Ben came out and saw the boy. 
“Are you my next patient?” 
Sally pursed her lips. “Not in theory,” she said, reaching for the patient’s file in the slot by the archway. “Gladys Lane – one of your palliative care patients.” 
But the boy murmured, “Doctor. Please…” 
He tried to take a step towards Ben, but instead he keeled forward and collapsed on the floor. 

*  *  *

Ben’s heart sank when he saw the blood on the boy’s jacket – blood that the kid had tried to conceal by keeping his arm close to his chest. He knelt down and yelled “Nurse!”
The nurse came running at the sharp sound of Ben’s voice, and Dmitri’s head appeared from consulting room two. So now, there were four of them, himself, Sally, Dmitri and Practice Nurse Melanie Tavistock– it was written on her name badge, pinned to her lapel. All gathered round the boy in the corridor, kneeling down to see what they could do.  
“He’s been stabbed, hasn’t he?” Melanie said, with her voice wobbling just a little bit. 
Ben moved the edge of the boy’s jacket aside – his t-shirt was smattered with blood. “Gloves,” he said, automatically. The nurse jumped up to go and get them. 
Dmitri’s patient appeared in the door of consulting room two, and blanched when he saw the boy and the blood. The Russian doctor lifted his head to speak to him, “Just wait for me, Mr Lucas. I’ll be with you in a minute.”
“Oh, no problem, doctor. I can see you’ve got your hands full.”
Melanie came running back, and Ben took the latex gloves that she offered and started dragging them on. Then they fetched a stretcher and slid it underneath the boy, and moved him into a treatment room. 
“Ambulance on its way?” asked Ben. 
“Oh, no. Sorry, doctor. I’ll call for one,” Melanie stammered. 
“I’ll do it, Mel,” said Sally. “You stay and do the medical stuff. I’m not much use for that.”
The boy reached out and clutched Ben’s arm. “Please, doctor. Don’t send me to hospital. If you send me to hospital, I’ll go to prison.”
Ben didn’t like the sound of that. Nobody went to prison for getting stabbed. Which meant there was another boy lying in a pool of blood somewhere – and he was probably dead. “Just relax. We need to find out what’s happened to you. How many times did he stab you?”
“I don’t know – three times, I think.”
Melanie cut the clothing off the boy. Ben started examining the boy’s chest. Three ugly gashes broke the coffee-coloured skin. There was evidence of blunt trauma, too. A hammer? A length of iron pipe? Something had hit this boy and hard.
“Does it hurt when I press here, or here?”
But by now the boy’s eyes were glazed and vague. He was staring past Ben at the bright fluorescent lights behind, swimming in and out of consciousness. Melanie struggled to get an emergency monitor system hooked up. 
 “The blood’s not fresh,” said Ben. “This may have happened hours ago.” 
“He’s weak, Ben. He needs help to breathe. Do you want me to bag him?” Melanie reached for an Ambu bag. 
“Yeah. I’m thinking about a chest drain, too.”
Dmitri objected. “We haven’t x-rayed. We’ve no idea…”
“You think he’ll last until the ambulance gets here – if we stand around and do nothing?”
Dmitri shrugged. “It’s not clinic policy to do that type of trauma care here.”
“If it’s in the patient’s best interests, then surely, we don’t have a choice?”
“We always have a choice – and I say, leave it to the paramedics. They could do a needle into his chest to relieve the pressure.”
“We could do that now. Or a tube. In his case, I’d go for a tube. Bet you there’s a massive hemothorax in there.”
“Ben. You’ve only been here a few weeks. You don’t seem to understand how things are done. You see, clinic policy−”
“Fuck clinic policy,” said Ben, reading bad news on the monitor.  No time for indecision, not now. “Melanie! Get me the tube, now. And a scalpel, if you can find one. Is it clinic policy to keep a scalpel anywhere?”
The monitor was bleeping incessantly. Signalling its warning to anyone who’d listen, with increasing electronic urgency. At that point, everyone seemed lose it. Melanie was flustered. Ben was impatient to start. And Dmitri was very, very angry. "I'm the senior doctor, here, Ben. And I need to remind you−"
Ben was on pure adrenalin now. Emergency work had that effect. "Remind me later. I'm putting in a chest drain.”
There was wholesale panic. People running and yelling at each other, unused to the demands of trauma care. Sally came back and tried to help look for pieces of equipment they didn’t normally use. Melanie opened a cupboard with a metal door like a filing cabinet and brushed a whole shelf full of dressings out of her way and onto the floor. "Scalpel! Yes!"
“It’s supposed to be done under sterile conditions,” Dmitri said with a scowl. “And you’re just going to cut a hole in his chest wall and poke your finger in?”
“That’s exactly what I’m going to do. Now help me or get out of the way.” Ben prepped the boy’s skin with an alcohol wipe, and looked round desperately for Melanie to pass him what he needed. The boy’s rasping breathing was very faint, very low. Ben was worried about what would happen if it stopped. 
Dmitri still seemed to have his knickers in a twist. “You want to be sued for malpractice if this turns out to be unnecessary?’
“Of course not. Nor do I want to tell his mother that he’s dead.”
So Ben did the procedure. Counted down the boy’s ribs to find the right spot. Made the incision. Shoved his gloved fingers into the cut. Followed the line of the rib and pushed the tube into the pleural cavity. And Dmitri held the end of the tube for him, but he looked like he hated Ben's guts. 
Melanie leaned forward get a better look. Blood spurted from the end of the tube. Thick dark blood. “Hemothorax, just like you said.”
Ben wasn’t the type to say ‘I told you so’. 
The tube was draining blood into a jar on the floor when the ambulance men came.  “He was a bit lucky,” one of them said, looking at the sleeping boy. 
“Why did he come here?” said the other paramedic. "Why didn't he call 999?"
“He’s afraid of going to prison,” Ben said. There wasn’t much he could do to prevent that. 
“Better than the other place, surely?” 
Ben caught the look on Dmitri’s face as the ambulance men wheeled the boy away. 
“He was my patient, Dima. I had to make the call.” 

*  *  *

Ben had been looking forward to Wednesday. He’d changed his shift and worked all day Tuesday, and it had seemed like a very long wait. 
He’d checked every detail connected with going to Tower Bridge. For what he considered to be a small admission fee, he could take her up to the viewing galleries that spanned the gap between the two towers on the bridge. From up there  - if the brochure was to be believed – romantic vistas of the Thames would be theirs, and, for additional monies, they could hire a viewfinder and admire all sorts of important landmarks across urban London. It would make him feel like a tourist in his own city, but it was what she wanted. At this delicate stage in their courtship, it seemed very important to give her what she wanted. Ben reflected on how well his sister’s advice had worked, and he resolved to keep it up with slavish dedication The trip to the flower markets had been a great success, and the prison visit had got him that sensational kiss – the details of which he’d replayed in his head, over and over and over. Who knows where things could end up tonight if this delightful trend continued.
He’d only done one tiny thing that his sister Ruth might disapprove of. He’d bought Layla a necklace in a Hatton Garden jewellers. A lovely, delicate strand of gold. No pendant. That could come later.  It came in a slim presentation box – about the size of a man’s wallet. The necklace was swirled around twice inside it – secured with little strands of white ribbon. He knew that Ruth said no presents. But it was Layla’s birthday, for heaven’s sake. She’d said nothing, nothing at all. But she had asked for Wednesday. And he remembered the date – it had been recorded in her patient file. She was eighteen. Legally an adult. Ben preferred to push all thoughts about the disparity in their ages to the very back of his mind – but right now he felt a kind of relief that she had reached this significant birthday. 
He opened the presentation box for about the twentieth time. The necklace was just as lovely as it had been the last time he looked. He fantasized a few more times about fastening it gently around her neck – and in his imagination he placed tender kisses on the smooth pale curve of her neck, right there where her blonde hair ended and the creamy skin began. In his imagination the kisses didn’t stop there either. They went considerably further than they would be able to go in the galleries at Tower Bridge. 
Only this time when he went to the boarded-up pub to pick her up, she wasn’t there. 
He did the circuit lots of times. No Layla. Eventually, he parked his car in a side road and went to stand by the pub himself. He waited there beside the doorway for another forty minutes, getting colder and colder and more worried as the time went on. He looked at his watch. It was almost an hour after the time now. She wasn’t coming. And he didn’t believe for one minute that she’d changed her mind. 
The kiss, the look in her eyes. The way she cried when he said he take her to Tower Bridge. She wanted this as much as he did. So why the hell wasn’t she here? 
The fear inside him turned into panic. He walked rapidly towards the first block of flats at the Rookeries.
Gone
He paused on the concrete staircase that led up to Layla’s place. If Ray was there – this could be like walking into a trap. But he was beyond fear now. 
He took the stairs two at a time and ran along the exterior landing. Every door looked the same – scuffed blue paint, applied inexpertly by some council employee. Each door had a square window with frosted glass in it, strengthened with wire.  Every single door.
And then he got to Layla’s and it was NOT the same. Not anymore. 
“Oh, God.”
The flat was burnt out.  The blue door wasn’t even there. It was boarded over now, like the pub. And the windows were the same – blank and boarded up. And above the windows and the door there was an ugly great stain where toxic smoke had belched out when the flat was burning. Ben just stared at it all, like it couldn’t be true. 
Her flat was burnt out.  The acrid smell of burning still clung to the place. An ugly, chemical smell. Harsh on the lungs. The smell left by synthetic carpets when they burned to dust. The smell left by burnt plastic toys and the foam inside cheap furniture. He touched the  lintel around the door, and the soot stained his fingers. Thick, black soot. He knocked on the boarded-up door – which was ridiculous – no one could possibly still be in there. 
Then he heard a voice. “She’s gone. She don’t live there anymore.”
And he turned and saw a young girl – only fourteen or so – with red-brown afro hair and solemn dark eyes. And she said. “You’re Ben, aren’t ya?”
And he nodded. 
“I’m Tracey.”
Tracey? This was Tracey? He’d imagined someone older, because this was the person Layla said she left the children with. And in Ben’s world, she would have been older. But there were more pressing problems than that. Questions that had to be answered. “Where is she? What’s happened to her?”
“Please,” said Tracey. “Don’t stand around out here. People will have seen you already.”
Tracey turned, as if to go.
Ben panicked. “No. You have to tell me!”
“Follow me,” Tracey said. “My mum wants to talk to you.”
Tracey
Tracey thought he looked like a film star – the bloke Layla had landed. He was far more good-looking than Layla had described. But he was pale and worried and more than a little upset. She took him into her flat two doors down and asked him to come through to the lounge. 
Tracey’s mum was sitting behind an old industrial sewing machine making Christmas stockings out of red felt. They were going to sell them next week in Romford market. There were strict rules about not running a business from a flat in the Rookeries, but rules had to be broken when there was even a sniff of money to be made.
“Mum. This is Layla’s boyfriend.”
Tracey’s mother looked up from her sewing. She was a big woman of Afro-Caribbean descent. “Oh, no. You poor, poor boy.”
“The flat’s burnt out,” he said. “For pity’s sake tell me if she’s dead?”
“No. She’s not dead. She wasn’t there when it burnt. If she had been it might never have happened.”
And Tracey saw the reaction on Ben’s face, when he took in this information. “She’s alright?”
“I wouldn’t say that, exactly,” said the mother, over the top of her glasses.
“But she’s alive?”
“Yes. She wasn’t there on the night of the fire. She’s being looked after – if you can call it that – by a man named Mr Birch.”
“Oh, no.” He shook his head, clearly struggling with painful emotions. “She was supposed to be meeting me. We had it all planned.” 
“Other people had plans for her, too.”
“No,” he said, panicking. “No, please, no.” He clenched his fists, then glanced away, Embarrassed, perhaps, at experiencing this flash of anger in front of two strangers. 
Finally, Tracey’s mother got up from her sewing. “I’m Cynthia. I’ll tell you what I know.” 
“My name’s Ben.” 
Cynthia smiled. “I know what your name is. We’ve heard all about you.”
She gestured that he should sit down in one of the armchairs, while she sat down in the other. 
Tracey hovered near the sewing machine, not sure if she should stay or go. Then she sat on the floor and looked up at Ben. Marvelling at this remarkable man. No wonder Layla thought he was wonderful. He was everything and more. The angles of his face. His dark eyes. The hint of masculine cologne. And he loved Layla like she was the last girl left in the whole world. 
Cynthia sighed. “Ray found out.”
“About me?” Ben said.
Cynthia nodded. “And Layla wasn’t the baby she was pretending to be. I hope you knew that?”
“Of course,” he said. “I would hardly have been dating a girl of fifteen.”
“Well, I don’t know, doctor. You’ve crossed a few boundaries, haven’t you?”
Ben blushed. “She’s told you everything.”
“Yes. Tracey’s her best friend. And I was best mates with her mother.”
Ben swallowed. “Tell me about the fire.”
“Ray’s on crack.  Crack addicts burn out their dwelling places all the time. Naked flames and booze and addicts who don’t care anymore. Not a good mix. Some of the older residents around here are scared to go to bed at night. Afraid they’ll wake up and find themselves trapped above someone else’s bonfire.”
 Ben listened. “Um… is Ray…alright?”
“Ray Leach is dead. Gone to a better place, or a worse one. He took two others with him.”
Ben’s face looked stricken. “The children? Oh, no, Cynthia. I could have put them in care. Layla wouldn’t let me.”
“No, Ben. Not the children. Two other poor souls who shared Ray’s affliction.”
Ben sat back on the couch, face very white, looking like he needed to deal with some of the shock for a moment. Three people dead. But not the ones he cared about. More by luck than judgment. “What happened to the children?”
“They are in care,” said Cynthia. “I would have had them here, but the social services got there before me. Ray called them, when he found out about Layla’s birthday.”
“It’s today,” Ben said, softly. “I bought her a necklace. I was going to take her to Tower Bridge.”
Cynthia touched his arm. “She would have liked that. Tower Bridge is where Layla’s father proposed to her mother. She thought it was the most romantic place on earth. But you don’t you ever tell her I told you.”
Ben looked up, like Cynthia had inflicted some kind of pain upon him. “But will I ever see her again? And before I do, what will they have done?”
“Mr Birch has her now. Mr Birch likes girls like her – naïve, untouched. He’s got a whole bunch of evil people he knows who’ll pay very highly for the first time with a girl like that.”
“I think we should contact the police.”
“Are you crazy? Everyone’s afraid of Mr Birch – and that includes the police. He runs this whole estate with an iron fist and you can’t do a thing about it. If you could have got her away somewhere – that would have been your only hope.”
Ben ran a hand over his face, perhaps realizing how stupid he’d been. “I wanted to. I asked her to come and live with me. But we were just getting to know each other. She was shy and she needed more time.”
Cynthia looked at him, sadly. “Time was something she didn’t have, Ben. Time ran out for Layla.”
Ben looked like he didn’t even want to know the next part. “Go on.”
“They have their little gatherings on a Friday night. In a back room down at the Fizz Club. God have mercy on their thieving, lying souls. Hounds from hell, they are. Pimping poor girls like Layla out to the highest bidder. I’ve got to get my Tracey to a better place before she comes of age, that’s for sure…”
Tracey was already aware of her mother’s long term plan. Save up the money for a campervan and live off the grid somewhere, where the likes of Mr Birch could never find them. But they’d need to sell a hell of a lot of Christmas stockings to make that dream a reality.
But Ben touched Cynthia’s arm.  “She only turned eighteen today. And it’s not Friday. Does that mean they haven’t done it yet?”
“Ben. I can’t promise you that. If someone has already offered them the right money. They might have done the deal. They wouldn’t be too fussy about the exact day, you know. They break the law every day of the week.”
He put his head back in despair. “Oh, Cynthia, I’ve been so stupid.”
“It wasn’t your fault. What could you be expected to do? You’ve got your own life to think about.”
He shook his head. “No. Layla. Layla. She is my life.”
“Oh, Ben. You’re a good, kind man. But Layla wasn’t for you. She’s mixed up with some terrible people and you can’t stand up to them. They’ll kill you if you try. You think I don’t mean that but I do. Go home. Go home and forget about Layla.”
“No. Never. Do you have his telephone number? Mr Birch?”
“For goodness sake,” Cynthia begged. “Have you lost your mind?”
Ben gave her a fierce, angry look. “Yes. My mind, my heart, my soul. If they hurt her, I’ll tear them apart.”
“You’re a madman, thinking like that. It’s you that will be torn apart.”
Tracey looked at him. Thinking of what the Birch gang would do if Ben did anything crazy. But then, she wondered if maybe, just maybe, Mr Birch might need to watch out, because he’d made Ben into a madman, and only a madman would take on Mr Birch.
Fizz Club
Ben stormed into the Fizz club, hoping to strike fear into the hearts of everyone drinking at the bar. The late lunch crowd was there, having plates of fries and big glasses of white wine. Robbie Williams was playing – not in person, of course – but his voice and his music was pouring forth from every speaker in the club. Ben decided that doctor-like decorum was no longer his modus operandi. He needed a new method of operating, and yelling at the top of his lungs was his first and best hope.
“Layla! If you can hear me, Layla, answer me!”
Everyone in the bar looked up, there was a hint of misplaced laughter, but for the most part they all stared at Ben with a certain amount of fear in their eyes.
“Layla! Layla! I want to take you home!”
Two bouncers with physiques much more impressive than Ben’s own came ambling forward through the crowd. And Ben turned and glowered at the first one. “Go and get Mr Birch. I want to speak with him.”
“He’s not here.”
“Yes, he is. There’s a Mercedes outside.”
A strange look passed between the two bouncers. They approached Ben, who stared them down. “Get Mr Birch for me. Now.”
One of the bouncers folded his arms across his huge chest. “Maybe he doesn’t drive a Mercedes.”
Ben almost laughed. “No. The Merc’s yours and he drives a Morris Minor? I don’t think so. Tell him Ben Stein’s here about the girl.”
“What girl?”
“The girl the police are looking for. The girl he’s holding here against her will.”
Ben hadn’t told the police, he’d come straight here, but he wanted to see what reaction he got. Years ago, his sister Ruth had told him he was clever and crazy – and it was a dangerous combination. The two men’s eyes widened. 
After a pause. One of the men stayed with Ben, and the other turned around and walked through to a back room. To get Mr Birch, Ben thought, smugly. 
While he was waiting for Mr Birch, Ben took stock. Thirty or forty people in the bar. Plenty of witnesses. Nothing could happen to him – but he could accuse Mr Birch, publicly. The ebony barman – Jacob – was standing behind the counter, holding a glass and a polishing cloth, just like before. He wasn’t moving, though. He wasn’t polishing. He was staring fixedly at Ben. Like he was trying to convey him something with his eyes – or trying to work something out in his own mind. Ben couldn’t tell. 
The Robbie Williams song was reaching its climax when a door painted black to match the wall behind the stage, opened. And there was Mr Birch, standing in the doorway. He didn’t move. Just stood. He asked the bouncer to point Ben out to him, and gave him a good hard stare. 
Ben stared back. Birch was over sixty – but fit and tanned. Obviously he’d been somewhere hot in recent weeks – no one tans like that in London in November. He was wearing a hand-made suit, prick-stitched around the lapels. Possibly Italian. Definitely upwards of a thousand pounds. Ben had one a lot like it. He’d worn it to Becky’s wedding – another exercise in humiliation.
Everyone was watching. Ben wasn’t used to being the cause of a bar-room showdown, but he was glad he’d chosen a public place for his first encounter with Mr Birch. He stood there, waiting for Mr Birch to come towards him. But he didn’t. And there was no way Ben was volunteering to go into a back room with Mr Birch. 
It was an impasse. For about eight whole seconds. 
Then Mr Birch addressed the bouncer, standing beside Ben. “Get him out. He’s nobody and he’s disturbing the peace.”
Then Ben felt the bouncer’s hand on his shoulder, and his other hand twisting his arm. He started to yell and protest about Layla. “Where’s the girl, Birch? You can’t keep her here against her will. That’s kidnapping. That’s illegal. Hey. I’m talking to you!” 
But it was no good. Singlehandedly he was removed from the bar. Ejected into the street. 
Ben didn’t quite hit the pavement when they threw him out – but he stumbled off the edge of the kerb and into the path of a car that swerved and blared its horn. 
He stepped back up onto the pavement. He considered hammering on the door – yelling in through the windows – threatening Birch once again with the police. But threats made once don’t work any better the second time they are uttered. They work on the first go, or they don’t work at all. Ben knew that Mr Birch wasn’t afraid of the police. And it was his bar. He could throw anyone out. And once he had done so, it was all too easy for him to send people after – to make sure Ben didn’t return. 
Ben knew, almost before he heard the footsteps behind him. He didn’t even want to turn around and see. He tried to walk more rapidly towards the side street where he’d left his car. But before he got there – in broad daylight – against a brick wall where the words ‘Birch Boyz’ had been written – three men attacked him. He felt the first thump on his back – then his assailant overtook him and punched him in the stomach. The attack came like a blur after that – he felt it rather than saw it.
Beaten
He had nothing – no weapon, no skill with his fists. He hadn’t got to med school by fighting other boys at lunchtime. He was winded quickly, and slumped down where the brick wall met the pock-marked pavement. He put his hands up, instinctively, to cover his face, and felt harsh kicks landing all over his body. 
“Enough!”
A loud, resonant voice. With an accent like Barbados and French Cointreau. Ben knew that voice. The barman from the Fizz. In his desperation, he felt almost pleased to hear a voice that had once spoken to him kindly. But the blows that rained down on Ben did not stop – so the voice and the footsteps quickened and came nearer. 
“I said enough! Enough! Mr Birch said warn him. Not kill him.”
“Get inside, Jacob. You ain’t got the authority. Not since your boy turned bad.”
“Don’t you speak about my boy, God rest his soul. Don’t you dare raise the subject of my children here or anywhere else.”
Ben wanted to look up, but he was afraid to move a muscle. If he lifted his head from the ground or tried to get up, that might just be enough to trigger a second wave of violence, hailing down over him. So he stayed motionless, like he might be unconscious. 
The three men skulked away slowly, back in the direction of the door of the Fizz Club. 
Ben stayed where he was. Eyes closed. Ears open. 
He sensed that Jacob the barman was standing over him now. He heard him sigh, deeply. And then he felt a hand on his body. He opened his eyes and saw the hand – black and bony – on his shoulder. 
Jacob looked down at him with sad, dark eyes. “Dr Stein?”
Ben sat up, weak from the assault, and passed a hand over his face. Blood – from a cut on his forehead. And the rapid numb swelling of a bruised lip. 
“Are you hurt bad, doctor?”
“No,” Ben said, touching his lip experimentally. “Thank you”
His rib cage and his stomach hurt like hell – but everything would have hurt much worse if the men had ruptured his spleen. 
“They’ve gone back inside,” said Jacob. “Can I help you back to your car?”
Ben looked at the man, doubtfully. “Jacob. You work for Mr Birch.”
Jacob sighed. “I do. And there’s no escaping it.”
“Then…why?”
“I’ll tell you why. But not here. Get up and go and sit in your car. Wait there for me.”
“What?”
“I’ll go back inside. I’ll tell them you’re gone  and you’re never coming back. I’ll tell them you listened when I said no police.”
“But−” 
“No buts. I’m trying to help you and you’re not making it easy. I’ll tell them you agreed not to go to the police. They’ll all be so busy chewing the cud about you making a scene today, that I’ll get the chance to slip out and have a conversation.”
“About what?”
“About Layla. Is that a deal?”
Ben looked up sharply when he heard her name, and the movement jarred his whole body. “You’ve seen Layla?”
“Hush. Wait for me in your car. Where are you parked?”
“In Fort street. On the left by the petrol station. Black Audi.”
Ben sat in the car for nearly thirty minutes, wondering when he ought to pack in the wait and drive home. He looked in the mirror at his injuries. Yes – he was all cuts and contusions. They’d turn into horrible vivid bruises by the morning. And that wouldn’t look good when he was on duty at the medical centre. Questions would be inevitable.
Then he heard the man try the passenger door of the Audi.  It was locked. After what had just happened Ben felt better sitting in a car with the locks on. But he saw it was Jacob so he reached over – a painful manoeuvre – and let him in. 
Jacob got in and sat down. “I want to thank you. For what you did for my son.”
“Oh?” Ben was confused. “Is your son a patient of mine?”
“Yes. You saw him last Friday. He almost died in the medical centre, that’s what I was told. He had a stab wound to the chest.”
Now Ben knew. The stab wound. “That was your son?”
“Yes. That was my boy. The people at the hospital said you saved his life by sticking a tube into his body.”
“Yes. Well, I’m glad to hear that it worked. There was no guarantee when I did it. And my colleague was angry with me about it. But the boy was dying. I had nothing to lose.”
“If you hadn’t done it, then I would have nothing to lose,” said Jacob. “Which I suppose would have been worse than the present state of affairs. He’ll suffer for his sins though. We all will.”
“Did he kill someone?” 
“I don’t know. But his brother is dead.”
Ben tried to believe that the man was using the word ‘brother’ in the sense that the gang-members used it. Every member of the gang was a brother. The Birch boys were all brothers. But it wasn’t so. The look in Jacob’s eyes told him this was not the case. Jacob was talking about his own son. 
“Oh, no,” Ben breathed. “I’m sorry.”
“You can’t imagine the pain…the suffering…of my wife.”
“No, I can’t,” said Ben, shaking his head as if he could release himself from what he was hearing. He didn’t want to imagine. A whole family. Decimated. Cut to pieces with the flash of a knife. 
“He won’t tell us what really happened. They were both working for Birch. Both dealing. Both using. The older one started acting odd. Birch thought he’d turned informant. But I wasn’t so sure. Corey never liked the police, and Birch is a suspicious bastard. But some of his clients got wary and didn’t want to buy from Corey anymore. And Mr Birch can’t tolerate losing money. He’d rather get rid of one than let the police arrest a whole lot of them. He got Declan to spy on Corey to find out if it was true. This much we learned from a so-called friend of theirs – another dealer by the name of Glenn. There was a fight in a pool club not far from here. Declan was there. Corey was there. Glenn too, and a whole of lot of others. In the morning, we got a phone call. To tell us our boy was dead.”
Ben’s whole throat seemed to be closing up. He couldn’t speak.  
So Jacob continued. “When Declan didn’t come home, we thought we’d lost them both. The hospital call was quite a revelation. Declan’s alive but he won’t talk. Some would say he doesn’t deserve to live after what he did to his own brother.”
Ben shook his head. To him, a life was always worth saving.  “Whatever he did – it was out of fear, Jacob. Fear and desperation.”
Jacob let out a long, deep sigh. “I can’t even look at a photograph of him now. But, I want to say I’m grateful. Because if you hadn’t done what you did, I would have lost two sons on the same day.”
Ben looked at the face of the man who made this terrible admission. “Jacob. I can’t begin to say how sorry I am, about your boys.”
“Thank you. They weren’t always Birch boys, you know. They were good boys once.”
Ben’s heart ached with more pain than a man should ever have to feel. Especially a man who had saved a boy’s life – without question and without hesitation. 
It almost seemed like a betrayal to ask Jacob about Layla, after this. But he had to.
“Have you seen her? My girlfriend?”
“Yes. I saw her the day they brought her in. I took her some food from the hotel bar.”
“Have they hurt her?”
“Not as much as they’ve hurt you.”
Ben glanced away. “I’m alright.”
“I suppose you know what they’re planning to do with her?”
“Yes. Tomorrow night.”	
“Ben, I must beg you, if you don’t want them to hurt her, don’t go to the police. They won’t help you anyway, and Layla would be punished for it. So please, for the girl’s sake. Keep it to yourself.”
“But I have to stop it. If they raided that place and found Layla, then it would all be over.”
“For Layla it would. Yes. And even if she left the place alive. She’d never testify against him. No one ever does.”
Ben thought for a moment. He thought about the look on Layla’s face whenever Mr Birch’s name was mentioned. Thought about the fear in Eddy’s eyes when she spoke of the Fizz club. And he thought about Jacob’s dead son. “Perhaps you’re right.” 
“She’s not there anymore, anyway. Mr Birch moved her to somewhere safer.”
Ben couldn’t think of anywhere less safe for Layla than a place chosen by Mr Birch.
They said goodbye, and Jacob got out of Ben’s car. 
Ben drove home to Richmond. Only fourteen miles as the crow flies, but a tedious crawl through mid-afternoon traffic, especially after being taken down by the Birch Boys. His whole body was protesting about the beating. It was painful just turning the wheel. More painful still to turn his head when he had to check the mirror, and hell to try and look both ways. His head was throbbing, and underneath his coat, he could feel his shirt sticking to his body where the blood had seeped through. He’d need to soak off his clothes in warm water when he got home. And douse his injuries with antiseptic. And find appropriate pain relief. 
Probably vodka, with optional codeine. 
He parked within sight of the apartment building, and just sat there, for about five minutes, bracing himself for the pain of getting out of the car. He winced as he reached out and opened the glove box. The little box with the necklace in it was still there, waiting for Layla. 
He sighed – a bitter, defeated sigh. This was not the way he’d planned to spend his day off.

*  *  *

Layla WAS still at the Fizz club. She’d seen Ben from an upstairs window with a grimy net curtain over it. She’d heard his voice downstairs. She’d heard the pain in his voice, too, when he called out her name and begged her to answer. 
She hadn’t dared make a sound. 
She was sitting on the bed now, with her back against the wall. 
Jacob, the ebony barman, came in and brought her a meal. It consisted of a packet of crisps, a sandwich in a triangular wrapper and a glass of lemon and lime from the bar. He put it down on the end of the bed.
“Did they kill him?” she said, in a whisper.
“No, love. He’s gone home.”
Layla let out a sigh of relief and rested her head back on the scarred wall. These little rooms above the Fizz – they’d seen some service. And Birch didn’t bother about renewing the plaster and the paint.  The only people who came in here were half-cut punters looking for an armful of tart. They wouldn’t want the light on – or they shouldn’t, that’s what Mr Birch said. The girls needed to retain their mystique. Either way, he’d  had his staff come up here and take out all the bulbs.
She looked at Jacob and frowned. “Are you telling me the truth?”
“I just carry out orders, Layla. You’d be well-advised to do the same.”
“How long have you worked for Mr Birch, Jacob?”
“Oh, we go way back. To a time when I was new in London and needed all the friends I could get.”
“You call him a friend, do you?”
And Jacob nodded and left the room.
Old Geezer
“Oh, my God,” said Fiona, as Ben approached the reception desk to sign in the following morning.
He knew he looked awful. The bruises. The swollen lip. The half-closed eye. And they couldn’t even see what he had seen in the bathroom mirror this morning. His torso had reminded him of a police morgue photo. Glimpses of pale skin between contusions of every shade of black and blue.  Not pretty. He had one hell of a hangover, too. 
 “Don’t ask,” he said.
Fiona shrugged. “I won’t. But everyone else will.”
Sally swivelled round in her office chair for a look. “What happened to you?”
“As I said to Fiona, I’d rather not discuss it.”
Ben squiggled his signature, dismissing the fact that they were bound to be curious. The new doctor all bruised and battered and smelling of antiseptic gel. Of course they wanted to know. He sighed. “It was nothing, really. I just walked into the wrong kind of bar.”
He hoped that would suffice for now. He walked away before they could ask any more. 
By lunchtime, he’d got the same questions from every patient who had come to see him. Every single one. And there was no escape – he was trapped in his consulting room with each one of them for a full seven minutes. By lunchtime, he was heartily sick of it. He sat opposite Mr Holloway, an old fellow who had come in for his emphysema check-up, and waited for the wry observations to begin. 
“Oh dear, oh dear,” said the old man. “That does look nasty.”
Ben decided there was a definite danger he’d start administering lethal injections soon. “Shall we do your blood pressure first, Mr. Holloway?”
“You want to put a cold compress on that eye, doctor. To take the swelling down.”
Ben gave the man a hard stare, with his good eye. “Who is the patient here today, Mr Holloway? Is it you, or is it me?”
“You’re in a far worse state than I am, sonny. Why d’you come in to work looking like that? You could’ve rung in sick.”
“I don’t get sick,” Ben said, pathetically. Today he felt like death warmed up. 
“I suppose you went to one of them gay bars last night, did you? Got bashed up on the way home?”
Ben rankled inside and scowled at Mr Holloway. “No. I was supposed to be meeting my girlfriend. She lives not far from here.”
“What, round here? You’re never seeing a girl from the Rook’s Nest? Are you?”
“Yes.” Ben was safer with one-word answers. The cut on his lip was threatening to open up again. He touched it, tentatively. Still just holding for now.
“You silly bugger. You can’t get mixed up with a girl from round here. Not unless you’re asking for trouble.”
“Apparently not. Have you urinated recently, Mr. Holloway? I think I might send you through to the nurse to do a sample.”
Mr Holloway wasn’t interested in urination. Not when there was juicy gossip to be had. “Was it the firm that did that to you, then?”
“What? What firm?”
“The firm – Birch Boys and Co, they used to call them. Back in my day. Of course it was Tommy Birch then, the old geezer, not this new one, who thinks he’s too much of a fancy-pants to have a first name.”
Ben would have liked to ask more about this, but that would mean saying more about Layla. “I really can’t discuss my private life with you or any other patient.”
“No need to get shirty with me, sonny. Just trying to give you some friendly advice.”
 “Yes, well, please don’t,” and then Ben sighed and touched his face, sensing that the cut on his lip had opened again and he’d have to stop and see to it before he bled on Mr. Holloway’s case notes. “I’m able enough to look after myself.”
“No you ain’t. You’re as green as a cabbage, Doctor Stein. And they’ve sorted you out, good and proper. Now you listen to me. I’m eighty-five years old, and I’ve seen what happens when silly rich boys get mixed up in Rooks’ business. It ends badly. You’ve got to avoid the Birch boys like they was the Black Death. Of course, you might be able to buy your girl out, if you talk to the right people. You might not. Depends on how deep she is in all their shit. But you’ve got to understand they only listen to money – not reason. But, please. Take the advice of an old man who knows a thing or two. You don’t want a Rookeries girl. She ain’t worth the aggravation. If you’re looking for a pull, can’t you ask one of your doctor friends if he’s got a sister?”
Ben said nothing, but inside the privacy of his heart he could have cried. He didn’t want a doctor’s sister. He wanted Layla. He had to have Layla. 
“Go home, Doctor Stein. You’re in no fit state to be here. You look terrible, you know.”
“Yes, I’m aware of that…” Ben reached for a tissue to blot the blood welling on his lip.
“You could try steak on that eye. But it’s a waste of a good piece of meat, in my humble opinion.”
It always took Mr Holloway a couple of attempts to get to his feet – even with Ben’s assistance.
Ben grabbed the old man under the shoulder and helped him rise into a standing position. It gave him a moment to think. “Have you thought any more about a Zimmer frame?” 
He willed himself not to ask a more pressing question. 
“No, no. no. I can manage well enough.” 
Why do people who need help refuse to accept it? Ben thought. Pride seemed to be the only thing standing in the way. Pride. Plain and simple. 
Pride. 
So he swallowed his. “Mr Holloway? Before you go…”
“Yes?” said the old man, turning rheumy grey-blue eyes on Ben.
Ben swallowed. “I don’t know if you’ll be able to help me, but I really need to ask you a question. One that’s very difficult for me to ask.”
The old man was flattered. “Ask away.”
“Well, Mr Holloway…” But Ben’s question died on his lips. 
“My name’s Arthur,” said the old man. “Come on, spit it out, son.”
“Okay, Arthur, I’ll try.” Ben took a breath. “Can you give me an idea how much money it would take to buy a girl from Mr Birch?”
Hard Sell
Mr Birch had always thought Layla would be such an easy sell. Pretty face. Blonde hair. Big tits like watermelons. What’s not to like? But, in fact, they had a few problems with Layla. A few problems they hadn’t bargained for. 
First off, they didn’t have the test results. And he did like to have all the right paperwork in order. It helped his clients to feel generous and relaxed. Secondly, the girl wasn’t exactly compliant. She was sulky and rude and that wouldn’t go down well with the punters. He could make her compliant, in the usual way, but they didn’t want her all bruised on Friday. 
And now, Jacob was standing in his office saying he had to come upstairs and take a look at the stupid girl’s back. 
“What’s wrong with her back? If her front’s anything to go by, her back ought to be bloody marvellous.” Mr Birch almost laughed at his own joke.  But not quite. 
Jacob’s face was clouded with worry. So Mr Birch took a long pull on his cigar and exhaled like a weary statesman.  Then he got up and followed Jacob upstairs. 
Through the open door, he saw Layla sitting on the bed with her back against the wall. Only now, she was wearing the halter neck top that all the girls around here wore. It was like a uniform. To be worn with pride if you worked at the Fizz. Only hers was white – in recognition of her special status.  She’d get a gold one later. 
Birch breezed into the room, gratified at the look of fear on Layla’s face. Respect. That’s what he liked to see. Respect counted for a lot in this part of London. His heroes, the Kray brothers, had got it – though they hadn’t managed to keep it. And the Richardsons – over on the other side of the river – they were your career criminals, they were. They’d won a lot of respect. But Birch knew that nothing and no one deserved more respect than he did. That went without saying.
 “Layla darling. Jacob tells me you’ve got a little mark on your back. Is this true?”
She swallowed and glanced away.
“Are you going to get up and let me see?” said Birch. “Or do I have to come over there and make you?”
Layla got up off the bed. Listlessly. And stood in the middle of the room. Facing Mr Birch.
“Come on. Don’t keep us in suspenders.”
She looked sulky and hostile, but she turned around to face the window. 
And there, on Layla’s lily white skin, Mr Birch saw what Jacob had seen.
Birch felt the first hint of that familiar tide of anger rising inside him. He breathed in, and out. Very slowly. “Blimey. You’ve just turned into a harder sell than I thought you were going to be, Layla.”
Jacob watched from the doorway. “I’m sorry boss. She told me her mother put it there.”
Birch gave a bitter laugh. “Oh, Tara, you bitch. You did that to spite me.”

*  *  *

Ben went home. Took the afternoon off. At least it gave him more time to think. And it was productive time too. Because he came up with a plan. Thanks to Mr Holloway and his rich understanding of how things had to be done. 
With trembling fingers, Ben dialled the number he knew well in North Fenland. And got through to Morrie Stein. His father.
“Dad. I need ten thousand pounds. Can you send it to me? Today?”
Morrie Stein sounded surprised, but unruffled. “You want to put a deposit on a house, Benjy? Good for you.”
“No. Not a house.”
“A business venture then?”
“Sort of. I can’t really discuss it with you at the moment. I know that sounds odd, but I can’t. So don’t ask me to. Please, dad. Just send it.”
“Well, you’re my son and I love you. I hope you know what you’re getting into, that’s all, because you’ve never had much of a head for business.”
Ben hated hearing that, though he knew it was true. “I know I haven’t, but I have to do a deal with someone today.”
Morrie made a sympathetic noise. “Of course. Of course. You’re a grown-up, and you want to make your own way in the world. But you would ask me for help if you needed it, wouldn’t you? You’d come to me for advice if you were in any trouble?”
There was a silence. His father’s tone of voice was so understanding and reasonable that Ben wished he could just spill the whole damn story. But that would be insanity. He couldn’t tell him about Layla’s situation. His father would be sure to say he should go to the police instead, and he needed him to say go to the bank, the money will be waiting for you.
Which is what he did say, because Ben didn’t tell him the truth. 
“I’ll make the transfer just as soon as I hang up the phone,” Morrie said. 

*   *   *

When Ben was shown into a back room at the Fizz club, Mr. Birch was enjoying a game of cards. He was sitting at a green baize table with three other men Ben had never seen before.
“You’ve got a nerve, showing your face around here,” Mr Birch said, without looking up. 
“I have got a nerve, yes. I’ve also got the money you want for Layla.”
That made Mr Birch look up. For a moment. Then he smiled, and returned to wandering through his playing cards, cigar in hand. “Do you play cards, Dr Stein?”
Ben had been trying to quit for several days now, so he found the aromatic scent of the cigar smoke very disconcerting. “No.”
“You should. I like a good game of cards.” 
Ben guessed that when Mr Birch played cards, he always won. Like Elizabeth the First. Ben looked down at the pile of cash and other spoils on the table, and was even more disconcerted to see the barrel of a small black gun – poking out from between the twenty pound notes. 
Birch didn’t even try to hide it. On the contrary, he moved one of the notes aside so Ben could get a better look. “This round is winner takes all.”
Ben didn’t answer that. “About the girl−”
“You should take up cards, doctor. You really should.”
Ben frowned. “Why do you say that?”
“It teaches valuable life skills. Like patience. And  strategy. Two things you obviously haven’t got.
No, thought Ben. His patience was wearing rather thin. “I understand you are planning some sordid little ceremony here in your club. And that Layla will be auctioned off like an animal. Is that so?”
Mr Birch turned around and spoke to the man who had shown Ben into the room. “Jimmy. I shouldn’t have to ask – but better to be safe than sorry. You did check this impertinent fellow when he came in, didn’t you? To see if he was wearing a wire?”
“Sandy and Mandy gave him a good frisk on the doorstep, sir,” Jimmy chuckled. “He didn’t like that.”
“No. That’s because he likes quality. And purity. Isn’t that right, Dr Stein?”
Ben sighed. “Can we get this over with? I want to take Layla home.”
“Don’t you want to come along to the auction? And be the winning bidder?”
“Most certainly not. Either you accept my offer now, or I’m going home. There’s no way I’m coming along to your illegal fiasco this evening.”
“I see. You’ll buy her. But you don’t want anyone to know that you’ll buy her. Is that how it is? You can’t have people see just how low you’ve had to go. To get a girl. Is that right?”
Ben could see that the man was actively trying to make him angry, and he knew how important it was not to be drawn. There was a gun on the table. There were people loyal to Mr Birch standing by.
“Can we get on with this, please?”
Mr Birch laid down his hand of cards and scooped the pile of money towards him – with almost childlike satisfaction. The other men grunted and sat back in their chairs. 
Then Mr Birch looked up at Ben. “Put your pocket money on the table, Benjamin. We’ll see if you’ve got enough.”
Ben made an offer of ten thousand pounds to Mr. Birch. It was twice what Arthur Holloway had suggested, but Ben figured that whilst the old man was wily, he might not be in touch with inflation.
Mr Birch put his hand up to scratch his head – cigar and all – releasing a tantalising stream of tobacco smoke that made Ben want to hit him. “Ten grand? Oh dear me, no. I couldn’t let her go for that.”
And Ben knew that he must have made the offer too fast and too freely, to receive such a cool rejection. He sighed inside. His father had always said he had no head for business. 
“No,” said Mr Birch, and took a deep pull from his cigar. “I’d love to do you a favour, but you see I’m not running a charity here. You see, the lovely Layla has attracted a lot of attention. From all sorts of interested parties. I could get twice that, if I tried.”
“Can you prove that?” Ben said, in confusion.
“Yes. Just come along tonight and watch the bidding,” Birch said, with a cruel smile. “Then we’ll see how much she’s really worth.”
Ben glanced away. He couldn’t put her through that. Not standing there while people laughed and leered. He couldn’t see her degraded like that. While she pretended – out of fear – that she was willing to go through with it. Just because Mr Birch was in charge. 
“Go home and think about it, doctor. Take your time. If you can’t afford her tonight – don’t fret. She’ll be much cheaper by tomorrow morning.”
So Ben went back to his car, and made the phone call. 
“Dad. It’s me,” he said, with a heavy heart. “There’s a problem.”
“Didn’t you get the money? I sent it through like you asked me to.”
“Yes. It’s here. Thank you. You’re the best father any son could wish for… which is why I feel so bad about this…”
“Spit it out, Benjy.”
“I need you to send the same amount, again. Actually, could you make it fifteen this time?”
“Oh, dear. It doesn’t sound as if these negotiations are going very well at all. Another fifteen, you say? Do I understand you correctly? They want twenty-five thousand for something that just yesterday was going to cost ten?”
Ben sighed. His father would never have let it get to this point. “Please, Dad, help me.”
“You can always walk away, if the deal doesn’t seem so sweet anymore,” Morrie sounded so reasonable and sympathetic. 
“No, no. I can’t walk away. In this case, I have to go through with it.”
“And you won’t even tell me what you’re buying?”
“I can’t. I can’t tell you. I’m sorry.”
“It’s dangerous, Benjamin, when a business decision becomes an emotional one,” Morrie said carefully. “It’s usually best to−”
“Please, Dad. Have I ever asked you for anything like this before?”
“Never.”
“Well, I swear I never will again.”
“Never’s a long day, son.” 
“I’ll never get a chance like this, again,” said Ben. “I have to do this.”
There was a long silence from both of them. 
“I’ll make the transfer just as soon as I hang up the phone.”
Ben’s heart leapt. “Thank you. Thank you. You’ve saved me...”
“Benjy?”
“Yes?”
“Tell them you could only scrape up eight. And you’ll be bleeding financially because of it. They won’t accept that, because they’ve already planned how to spend what they’ve asked for. But that’s good, good for you at least. Are you listening to me, Benjy?”
“Yes,” Ben said. 
“Then you go and walk around the block, and when you go back to them, you stand there, and you clench your knuckles two or three times, and you tell them you made a phone call, and it wasn’t easy, but you found the other two thousand they wanted. But it cost you. It nearly killed you to get it, and they’re bleeding you white, you say. So then they accept it. Because you’ve convinced them – totally convinced them – that they can’t get any more out of you, because there isn’t any more to get.”
“What then?’
“Shake hands. Give them their money. Get what you came for. And send me back the five thousand you didn’t need.”
“Okay. I’ll do that.”
“Good boy. Good luck.”

*  *  *

Layla kicked up one hell of a fuss when they told her they’d come to an arrangement. God, she knew what that meant. 
Or she thought she did. 
So she lay on the bed and cried and sobbed. Said she wasn’t ready. Tried to play for time. 
Mr Birch was all pseudo-sympathetic. “Layla, my dear. The client is waiting downstairs.  So don’t be difficult, my sweetheart.” 
“And if I say no? If I kick and scream? Or bite him until he wishes he’d never spent his money?”
Birch laughed. “Bite him, my dear? You’ll have to ask him if that’s what turns him on.”
Eventually, Birch asked for two of his men to come and get her. Jimmy, his second in command, and Jacob from the bar. “Bring her downstairs,” he said, with a wink. “But don’t spoil it for me. Or for him. Don’t tell her our little secret.”
Mr Birch left the room and went downstairs.
Jimmy and Jacob approached Layla and she tried to hide behind the bed. She had to be dragged kicking and screaming out of the room. Jimmy was impatient. He wanted to slap her to shut her up, but Jacob said he could deal with her. 
“Shut up and be grateful, Layla,” said Jacob, quietly. “The fate that awaits you isn’t what you fear…”
But Layla didn’t trust Jacob. Or anyone who worked for Mr Birch.
Jacob picked her up and carried her downstairs. Fireman’s lift. Over his shoulder. Enduring her insults and her attempts to escape him with a stoicism born out of years working behind the bar. 
He set her down – tearstained and angry – but standing on her own two feet. She brushed strands of damp blonde hair out of her eyes. 
And then she saw Ben. He was standing there, pale and unhappy, with bruises on his face.
It seemed like the final indignity, that he should be there to witness what she had always dreaded happening to her– being handed over to someone who had paid to use and abuse her. “Oh, God. What the fuck are you doing here?”
“It’s okay, Layla. You’re coming home with me.” He took a step towards her. “Let’s go.”
“I don’t understand,” she said, though perhaps she was beginning to.
“I’ve paid what they asked,” he said simply. “It seemed easier that way.”
“Oh, Ben,” she murmured. 
“Don’t be too gentle with her, Doctor,” said Birch. “Give the girl a night to remember.”
Layla looked at Birch like he was Satan, and then, almost doubting she was free to do so, she took a tentative step closer to Ben. And another. And another. And then he met her halfway and gathered her into his arms. 
“Layla,” he said, in a voice all broken with emotion. “Let me take you home.”
“Ah. It’s like seeing a puppy dog finding its true home,” said Birch. “Makes it all worthwhile.”
The men in the club laughed. But Layla refused to respond. She let Ben walk her out of the Fizz club and down the road, towards where he had parked his car. Layla shivered – she was only dressed in a thin t-shirt and leggings - not enough clothes for late November. Ben stripped off his coat and put it round her shoulders as they walked towards the car. And she kept looking over her shoulder like she was sure they’d come after her. 
He unlocked the car door for her, and she got in. She waited until he had got in too, before she asked him. She could see he knew she was going to ask, the look in his dark eyes betrayed him.
“How much?” she said, in a broken tone of voice.
“It doesn’t matter.”
“Yes it does. It matters to me.”
He shook his head.
“How much?” she repeated, and looked straight at him so she’d know if he was telling her the truth. 
“Twenty thousand pounds. I had twenty-five. But they didn’t know that.”
He started the ignition, and drove her home to Richmond.
His Place
She’d never been to his place before. The closest she’d come to it was that night outside the restaurant when he drank too much chardonnay. From the outside it was a fine-looking building. Built in the mid-sixties. About four stories high. It stood behind a low white stucco wall, surrounded by some well-tended green grass and tall trees – which would have looked leafy and charming if it hadn’t been November.  Ben led her up towards the double doors, picked up some mail that had been left in a wooden cubbyhole for him, and said he was on the third floor. The lift wasn’t working so they took the stairs, and she felt surprisingly shaky by the time they reached his front door.  
“This is it,” he said, and unlocked the door for her. 
She went in. It was a nice room. The lounge, she would have called it. Comfortable couch you could sink into, with big cream cushions with bobbles round the edge. And off to the right was a kitchen, small but very modern and bright. Hospital clean. He was either a neat freak, or he had a cleaning lady, and for some reason she suspected the latter. Off to the left was a pair of double doors, which she feared might lead to the bedroom. 
The bedroom. Would she ever have the courage to ask a man who had paid twenty thousand pounds for her, if it would be okay to sleep on the couch?
For dinner, he ordered a takeaway from a Chinese place that did deliveries. And when the buzzer on the wall sounded she practically jumped out of her skin. Terrified it might be Birch and his gargoyles. 
“It’s just the guy with the food, that’s all,” he told her. “I’ll run downstairs and get it.”
It was nice – steamy and aromatic and appetizing. Noodles and wontons and beef in a black bean sauce. She loved Chinese food. But she couldn’t eat much. She was so nervous, being here with Ben.
She watched him as he ate. Unsure of the balance of power. He’d been her doctor, for goodness sake. What was he now – her boyfriend – or her owner? It was an awful thought. But he just looked up and smiled at her and tried to encourage her to eat. 
“Sorry,” he said, when she shook her head. “Just want to look after you, that’s all.”
My protector, she thought. That’s what he wants to be.
She offered to clear up but he told her not to worry. He took the plates over to the kitchen sink and rinsed them himself. He put some awful news programme on the television and half-listened to it while he looked at some papers he’d brought home from work. Legal documents, some of them. He sighed as he looked at them. 
“What’s all that?” she asked. 
“Oh. It’s about becoming a partner in the medical practice. They’ve offered to sell me the share that was once owned by Dr Barrymore.”
“Do you want to buy it?”
“I thought I did,” he said. Then he smiled at her. “But another opportunity came up.”
He shoved the papers back in his briefcase. 
Oh no, she thought. I’m the reason he can’t get the partnership. “I’m sorry, Ben. I’ve caused you a lot of trouble.”
And he looked up at her, suddenly. “I made the right decision, Layla. You see, I want a different kind of partnership. You understand, don’t you?”
He reached out and took her hand. She let him take it, but she felt the blush rising on her cheeks. And the panic rising inside her. He looked wonderful – all sexy and intense. So intense, in fact, that she ended up turning her head away because she couldn’t cope with the look in his eyes. “Okay,” she said, in a frightened whisper. “When do you want to go to bed?”
 He almost laughed. “You can have the bed – you need to rest. I’ll be alright here on the couch.”
“You’ll sleep on the couch, in your own flat?”
“Yes.” He smiled at her again. “You said you needed time, remember?”
She was flustered. She thought the rules had changed. “That was before you spent twenty thousand pounds.”
“You’re not a whore, and I won’t make you into one. Before all this happened, we were dating – like normal people do. You wanted time, you said, and I promised to respect that. Nothing has changed.”
She felt shaky inside, like she would cry if he said much more. “Ben, you’re a good man. If you want me, you should have me…”
“No, no. And you mustn’t tempt me, Layla. I don’t want to take advantage of you. That would be wrong. I want you to rest and get over what’s happened. It’s been harrowing and you must be exhausted.”
That was true. She resorted to a classic British understatement. “I am quite tired.”
He touched her face, very gently, smoothing back a lock of hair. “I hate to think of you spending all week at the Fizz club. I’ve been a nervous wreck these last few days, and I wasn’t even there.”
So she slept in his double bed. At first she thought she’d never sleep. It was surreal – being here. In Ben’s flat. In Richmond. The crumpled duvet where he had slept the night before – or spent a restless night, at least. The faint trace of the scent of him on the pillow. Male, spicy, comforting. If she could have just persuaded him to lie beside her she might have felt easier. But perhaps that was asking too much. After a while she started to feel drowsy and she knew that sleep would come soon. 

*  *  *

Saturday morning. She awoke with a start – sensing that someone else was in the room. He was standing looking into his wardrobe – searching for a clean shirt or something. There was morning light coming in through the slatted blinds, and the faint aroma of coffee coming from the other room. 
“Hi,” she said.
He turned. “I didn’t mean to wake you. I have to go to work, unfortunately. I’m doing the Saturday morning shift.”
Yes. And he needed to earn back his twenty thousand pounds, she thought, with a pang of guilt. She sat up in bed, pulling the sheet up to cover her breasts. He glanced there, predictably, and then looked away like he realized what he was doing. 
He was wearing a white t-shirt and dark blue boxer shorts.  He had a suspicion of a two day beard, and he touched it self-consciously. “Help yourself to anything you want. I’m going to have a shower.”
“Thanks,” she said. “I should probably get up too.” 
“There’s only one shower. But I’ll leave you some water.”
“Thanks.”
He gave her a long look – which would have been easier if it had come with a smile, but he seemed to be in serious doctor-mode this morning. Then he turned and chose himself a shirt and tie. He slung a pair of grey trousers over his arm and disappeared into the bathroom. 
This is weird, she thought. Me and Ben. Me and Dr Stein.
When he emerged from the bathroom he was all dressed and his hair was parted crisply and he smelt of freshly-applied cologne. He came and sat on the bed near her. He put two twenty-pound notes on the bedside cabinet. 
She frowned. “What’s that for?”
“Just in case you need anything. You might want to go out for lunch.”
She felt terrible. He’d already given her too much. 
He opened the drawer of the bedside cabinet and looked inside for something. “I want to write down the code for the keypad on the door,” he said, locating a pen and a small notepad shaped like an apple. 
“Okay,” she said, softly. Wishing he’d said he wanted to kiss her goodbye. It seemed a long, long time since that kiss they’d shared on the station platform. 
He wrote the number down carefully. “Is that legible?” he said. “I’m very aware I’ve got doctor’s handwriting.”
She smiled and took the paper, but she left it on the bed without even looking at it. Shyly, she touched the knot of his tie, pretending it needed adjusting. “I don’t know how to thank you, for what you’ve done for me.”
“No need,” he said. “Just rest and I’ll see you this evening.”
He looked like he wanted to kiss her. His eyes were dark and attentive, and his face was super-smooth now he’d had a shave. She’d like to, but wasn’t sure how to make it happen.
So there was no kiss, not today. He got up and went over to the cupboard again without a word. He picked up his suit jacket from where it was hanging on the outside of the cupboard. He shrugged it on, making a peremptory adjustment to the collar without looking in the mirror. And then he left the room. 
Oh, Ben. She waited until she heard the door of the flat click shut before she fell back on the pillows and stared at the ceiling. He’d be hurrying down the stairs now, assuming the lift still wasn’t working. He’d be heading for his car – and for his one-hour commute to the medical centre in the East End. She bit her lip, feeling worried because he’d been so formal and distant. 
She stared at the ceiling for a full ten minutes and then she turned her head and looked at the empty side of the bed, imagining for a moment what it might have been like if he’d offered to stay. She saw the piece of paper that he’d left for her. She picked it up. There was the four digit code – 8993 – that would get her in an out of the apartment building. 
But he’d written something else for her, too: I love you.
A pang went through her body. A kind of sharp, sweet pain. I love you. Tears welled. He’d be driving now. Edging the black Audi through the London traffic. She wished and wished he’d had the courage to say it before he left.
Richmond
She had a shower and got dressed – in her leggings from yesterday and one of his shirts. She was going to need more clothes and there was nothing left at the Rookeries – it was all burnt now. She had no money of her own. She’d have to use the forty quid he had left her. She felt bad about that. It all seemed to be about Ben shelling out money, and that made her feel very uncomfortable. She picked up the notes and put them inside her bra. 
She was just doing this when she heard the door click and footsteps in the lounge. And somehow, it didn’t sound like Ben. She wanted to run and hide or lock herself in the bathroom or something.  There was someone in the flat. 
Through a crack in the door she saw a stranger. A woman dressed in a sari, with long skirts that swayed as she moved.  She was alone. She was walking around the flat liked she owned the place – picking up things from the coffee table and moving them into the kitchen. 
Layla hesitated, but then she thought she’d have to go and find out who this was. She opened the door of the bedroom and walked out into the lounge. She cleared her throat and said ‘Hi’ rather shyly.
And the woman turned and looked almost as scared as Layla had been just a few moments ago. “Oh. Hello!”
The woman had a painted dot on the middle of her forehead, which Layla believed meant that she had said her prayers. She seemed embarrassed about Layla being there. She sort of bowed and then went into the kitchen and knelt down by the sink and started getting out the things she would need if she was cleaning the floor. 
And suddenly it clicked. “Oh,” said Layla, “Are you the cleaning lady?”
The woman looked up and smiled. She had wary, dark brown eyes. She nodded. 
And then they both seemed to realize that introductions were required. “Do you speak English?” Layla asked. 
The woman got up, wafting a strange exotic scent as she moved. “Yes. I am learning, but not very good.”
“Better than I speak your language, I reckon.” Layla smiled. 
“I’m Rakshima,” the woman said. “Is meaning ‘protection’ in your language.”
“Oh. Nice. My name’s Layla. It means rock guitars and Eric Clapton.”
And to her surprise the woman smiled broadly. “Yes. I am knowing that song.”
After that it was easier. And not long after, Rakshima got up the courage to ask the obvious question. “Is Dr Ben getting a new girlfriend?”
Layla blushed, glad that she was up and dressed and not still lying in Ben’s bed. “Yes. Sort of. Yes.”
“About time,” Rakshima said. “He was being very lonely. I was worried about him.”
Layla felt slightly embarrassed about leaving Rakshima with the cleaning and the bed-making, etc., especially as she would be bound to think that a night of wild passion had occurred in Ben’s bed, when it definitely hadn’t. So, partly to get out of her way, Layla put on Ben’s suede jacket and went for a long walk in Richmond Park. 
It was a beautiful place – Richmond Park – even in late November. There were long tree-lined paths covered in leaves and deer grazing in the far distance. She walked for miles just breathing in the cold air and trying to reconcile herself to what had happened. 
She’d moved in with Ben. 
That’s how he looked at it, anyway. He had said ‘I’m taking you home’. 
It was a Saturday morning, and there were loads of couples in the park. They were out jogging together, riding their bikes, or just walking, holding hands. Some couples even had a pram. She thought about Tracey telling her that Ben could be her ticket out of the Rookeries. And here, gazing across the soft wild grassland, fringed by wintery trees, she wondered if it could have come true. Silently, inside her head, she tried it out: Ben and Layla. 
Yes. Ben and Layla. Who live together in Richmond. Near the park. She wanted it so much that she was almost afraid to try. He’d made it clear that he wanted it too – though she couldn’t really understand why. A man like him, with a girl like her? People would say he was crazy.
She felt terrible about Jayden and Bradley. This afternoon, when she got back to the flat, she’d ring up the social services and find out where they were and when she could visit. She’d always promised Bradley this would never happen. And Jaydee would be terrified, poor little mite. But she couldn’t ask Ben to have them too. He was a saint, but he shouldn’t have to be a martyr. 
She went to the thrift shop and bought a couple of things. There was nice stuff to be had if you were only a size ten or so. People always had little tops and dresses they couldn’t fit into. She found a D-cup bra that looked almost brand new. And yes, she’d have to admit that she must be a D-cup now. Her mother always said she’d be a D-cup before she was twenty.
Then she got herself a can of coke in a café and sat in a seat by the window staring out into the street and trying to decide what to do. Maybe she could do it. The whole couple thing. Give Ben everything he wanted. But if she was going to live with him she wanted to do it properly. Get a job, take a course at night school, learn to cook him a nice dinner every night. He’d want that. And sex, she thought nervously. He’d want that, too. Sooner or later. 

*  *  *

Ben was sitting at his desk, taking a tiny unscheduled break between patient number 29 and patient number 30. The last one was a cancer clinic referral, and that was never easy. It was about two-thirty and he hadn’t even stopped for lunch, yet. There was a knock on the door and he looked up with a start – fearing that someone had noticed that he didn’t actually have a patient with him. 
Fiona from reception came in holding a yellow post-it note in her hand. “Message for you, doctor. Someone phoned a few minutes ago. She wouldn’t leave her name.”
“Oh?”
She said nothing, but she gave him a knowing look as she handed him the note. 
He read it and it said. “I love you, too.”
And Ben smiled, stuck the note on the edge of his computer, and leaned back in his chair. “Thank you, Fiona.”
“No problem,” she said. “Though I think Sal’s a little disappointed.” 
Ben was too busy thinking of Layla to care about Sal.  He touched the note, thoughtfully, as if it he was touching Layla. I love you, too. 
The declarations were rushed, yes. But the sentiment was sincere. 
“Well, I can see you’re busy.” Fiona said, rather sarcastically. She turned to go. “Just one thing, though.”
“Yes?”
“I’ve got a bit of a thing about voices – like some people remember faces, you know? And I knew hers,” she pointed at the note. “I couldn’t have met her, could I? I couldn’t know her from somewhere?”
Ben hoped his face wasn’t showing what he felt. A kind of encroaching fear that people would soon know where he met Layla – right here in this consulting room. 
Fiona gave him a slightly odd, questioning look. “Do I know her?”
“I don’t think so,” Ben said. “London’s a big place. Too many voices for anyone to remember...”
Fiona said nothing. She went back to the reception area.
Ben’s Girl
Layla raided the kitchen cupboards to see if she could find anything to cook for him for dinner. She wanted to do something for him. Something he’d like. She wanted to feel like she was a proper girlfriend to him, just like he wanted her to be. The sort of girl who deserved to live the urban dream with him in this lovely flat and share his bed at night. 
A romantic dinner. With candles, if she could find any. She had no clue what he liked to eat – they’d only had two meals together and they had been chicken at the restaurant and pancakes at the flower market. Plus a cup of tea and a wafer biscuit at the prison. She knew that Jewish guys didn’t eat pork but she didn’t have any clear idea how it all worked beyond that.  The safest thing was to find something here that he’d bought and then cook it for him. So she checked the tiny freezer and found some minced beef and decided to make a pasta dish. She’d seen a packet of fettuccine in the cupboard, so she reckoned he must eat that. 
She got the sauce cooking first – chopping the onions, browning the mince. Adding the tomatoes and the grated zucchini and the chopped celery and carrot. He had a new spice rack that twirled on a chrome stand. Everything on it – mostly unopened. She checked the expiry dates and used some oregano and garlic flakes – deciding not to add too many since he might be hoping for a session on the sofa. She tried not to think about that too deeply. It made her nervous. Very nervous.
It was a pleasure to cook in this kitchen. Everything was so new and super-shiny. His cutlery was heavy, good quality stuff with a high-shine finish. At the flat in Bethnal it was difficult to find a spoon that hadn't been used for cooking crack. She put the sauce down to a low simmer and went to set the little table.  She’d seen placemats in one of the kitchen cupboards – beautiful ones that looked like they’d never been used. So she went back into the kitchen and got those – and while she was there she saw a salt and pepper set – still in its Perspex box. It would look nice on the table. She got them out and that was when she saw the note. “To Ben and Catherine, happy housewarming from Ruth and Robbie.”
Oh, she wished she hadn’t seen that. Well, never mind. Catherine wasn’t in evidence now. No Catherine-shaped clothes in his wardrobe. No Catherine-scented cosmetics anywhere. No happy couple photos. No feminine products in the bathroom. She took a deep breath. She removed the gift tag and put it in the bin. She filled up the little wooden grinders with salt and pepper and put them on the table. Why shouldn’t she?  Catherine hadn’t touched them. 
She wasn’t sure how long it would be before he got home, but she knew the medical centre closed at five, and then it would take him over an hour to drive home – up to half an hour more if the rush hour traffic was really awful. So she planned to have the dinner ready about six- thirty. It was nuts living in Richmond and working on the other side of London. But maybe that had something to do with Catherine. Eventually, she’d have to get up the courage to ask him. 
Hearing him at the door sent her into a kind of panic. She’d only just got the fettuccine in the boiling water. She hadn’t changed her clothes, and her hair was still a bit windswept from the walk in the park and the visit to the thrift shop. But he was home. And he came in and saw the table set and the candle ready with the box of matches beside it. He looked up at her and she looked back at him, feeling suddenly shy. She was a stranger in Doctor Stein’s flat, and he was a man she hardly knew. What if he didn’t like mince and fettuccine?
“I got your note,” he said. And he broke into a sudden smile and reached out his arm to encourage her to come to him. A breath caught in her throat and she abandoned stirring the dinner. She went to him and let him pull her towards him. He embraced her tenderly, holding her close against his warm body. “Layla, Layla, it’s lovely to come home to you. And you cooked dinner – that’s so sweet.”
They drew apart and her heart quickened again, because she knew this was the moment when there ought to be a kiss. He seemed shy too. And she almost thought he wasn’t going to do it. But then he touched her face with a gentle tenderness that no one had ever shown her. He looked at her like she was something unique and rare and beautiful. And when he had looked and touched for several long seconds, he closed his eyes and kissed her. She made a soft sound, and angled her face towards him. Thinking that if he didn’t stop soon, she’d melt down onto her knees in front of him, or just plain die of pleasure. 
When he paused for breath she turned and fled into the kitchen. 
“Hey – come back,” he said. 	
“I don’t want to burn the dinner.” 
A feeble excuse. She was terrified of kissing him. Because it was so damn good she wanted to do it forever.
He came and stood near her in the kitchen while she stirred the sauce. “Is anything wrong?”
She shook her head. “No. Nothing’s wrong. Let’s eat. It’s nearly ready.”
“You want a glass of wine? Would that help?”
She shook her head. “No wine for a month, you remember?”
“I meant for you, not me. I’m keeping my promise about the wine. I want to keep all my promises to you. So you don’t need to be scared. Not anymore.”
She was grateful for that. He wasn’t going to push her. She smiled and asked him to sit down while she dished up the dinner. 
He lit the candles and then got up and dimmed the lights. Maybe a bit too much, but she didn’t care. They sat there in the candle-flickering darkness and ate the meal she’d cooked. And he kept gazing at her, smiling and holding her hand, making her feel like she’d stepped into some kind of other dimension. A Richmond way of life so far removed from the crack-addicts flat in the East End that it was like having an out-of-body experience. 
She would have liked to have kept the lights dimmed, to hide her fear, and crept over to the couch with him straight away. But he was a person who honoured duty and routine, so he insisted on doing the washing up. He rolled his white doctor’s shirt up to the elbows and stood there rinsing everything in very hot water, until it was surgically clean. She dried up. Less perfectly. Leaving things a bit damp and not worrying about putting things in the right places in the cupboards. 
But afterwards, he led her over to the sofa. And he turned some music on but kept the volume down low, and they spent the next two hours making out like a pair of teenagers in the back of a car. There were unspoken rules. He wasn’t allowed to undo any buttons. Not hers. Not his. He didn’t try, he just seemed to know that she didn’t feel safe unless they both kept their clothes on. No need to say the words. It stayed unspoken – like the declaration of love they had made that morning. He didn’t even unlace his shoes.
But it was wonderful to touch him – to feel his young, slim body through the crumpled fabric of his cotton shirt. The curve of his shoulders. The strength in his arms. The smooth warmth of his back. And his kisses thrilled her. Warm, tender kisses with longing invested in them. His face – less perfectly smooth than it was this morning – grazed hers as he pressed his mouth against her – again and again and again. She was almost weak from what he was doing to her: making her ache – body and soul. “Stop, Ben please…”
“Okay,” he said, dark eyes glowing with a confidence she hadn’t seen in him before. He smiled. “One day you won’t want me to stop.”
Independence
The following day she went out looking for work. She wanted to feel less beholden to him – an old-fashioned word, but she thought it was the right one. Yesterday, when he’d left the twenty pound notes on the bedside table – that had made her feel awful. She knew it was silly – he was willing to look after her – but it was still… embarrassing. She was proud, she wanted to be more self-sufficient. There was no way she could ever get a really good job like Ben’s, but she could at least do a few shifts in a shop or something. 
She tried an employment agency, but they were snooty and didn’t seem to want her. She had no skills, they said. They wanted legal secretaries with years of experience. Professional women who slipped from one wonderful job to another. She had nothing much in the way of qualifications. A GCSE in home economics. A first aid certificate. There’d never really been the chance to do any kind of training. You needed exams for just about everything now. She supposed she’d have to think about packing or cleaning.
So when she saw the card in the window of the flower shop, inviting her to ‘apply within’ she almost walked on. She could see herself reflected in the florist’s window and she wasn’t at all sure they’d want a shy eighteen-year old with clothes from the thrift shop. But Ben seemed to think she was a person worth fighting for. So she decided to go in and try. 
The manageress had a style of interviewing she’d never encountered before. She picked up a mixed bouquet – the type they keep standing in buckets by the door for executives to buy for their wives.
The woman pointed at the flowers. “Can you name them? I’m not having anyone in here who doesn’t know a chrysant from a camellia.”
Layla could name just about any flower, so that wasn’t hard. She looked in at the bouquet and said, “Peruvian lilies and baby’s breath – gypsophila they call it, and these ones are my favourite – snapdragons – they’ve got a Latin name too. Antirrhinum, I think, is that right?”
“Good girl,” the manageress said. 
“I grew up near the Columbia Road Flower Market.”
And after that the little interview went from strength to strength. 
Ten minutes later, Layla came out of the shop feeling buoyant and happy. They were going to let her try out two mornings a week for a while. And if that was okay, she’d get more hours. If not, someone else would get the chance. 
But that wouldn’t happen. She couldn’t wait to tell him. Ben, I got a job. No matter that it paid very little and it was part-time with no chance of promotion. It was a real job in a lovely place where she could look at flowers all day long and didn’t have to take her knickers off. 

*  *  *

So he drove to the East End every morning to be a doctor. And she stayed in Richmond. Some days she worked in the flower shop, other days she walked in the park. They kept Rakshima, the cleaning lady. Ben said he knew Rakshima’s family needed the money, so he’d feel guilty letting her go. Layla felt guilty for keeping her, when she could so easily have cleaned the flat herself. But it was very nice to have an easy life, with lots of time for drifting round the shops and having bubble baths and applying coats of pale pink nail varnish. 
In fact, it was all so perfect that she wondered why she felt so insecure. He seemed happy. She acted happy.  But all the time, there was the nagging fear that fate wouldn’t let them stay like this forever. The ever-present feeling that she ought to be looking over her shoulder. 
Some afternoons she got the train to the children’s home where Bradley was living and took him out and bought him a bar of chocolate, other days she went to the temporary foster home where Jaydee was staying.  Nice people – the foster family – Jaydee was warm and well-fed and always wearing a clean Babygro. But that’s not the same as the love of your own family, Layla thought, and he often cried when she had to go.
She learned how to cook more than just mince and spaghetti. She always tried to make him something nice, and every night after dinner, there was a session on the couch. They spent the evening kissing like two teenagers who dared not go all the way.  Getting more and more turned on, and more and more frustrated. 
These days, he’d unclip her bra and cup her curves. Touching and sometimes tasting. These days, she’d unbutton his shirt, sliding shaking hands across his torso. He’d healed from the beating he’d got from the Birch boys. His skin was smooth and pale and warm, and in some lights, almost golden. 
Yesterday, for the first time he’d asked her, “Shall we take this into the bedroom?” 
Reluctant and shy, she’d shaken her head, but he’d kissed and pressed and promised to stop whenever she said so. Standing up, he pulled her to her feet and led her gently in there to lie on the bed with him. 
“Not so scary here, is it?” 
No. More like terrifying.
But she’d lain there with him, feeling the warmth of his body against her.  He asked her to slip the shirt off his shoulders, and she’d done as he asked. She closed her eyes, feeling the marvellous shape of him there against her. Warm, male skin. Scented and smooth. His naked chest needing to be touched. His belt buckle begging to be unbuckled. 
And then the wild fears began. His hands were Ray’s hands. Harsh and cruel where Ben’s were kind and gentle. His warm breath was Birch’s breath – scented with Cuban cigars. His kiss became the crushing, brutal kiss of a drunken punter. She saw her own name on a tart card – and an image too – Luscious Layla, sprawled on the bed, in stockings and black suspenders. 
“No!” She shoved him so hard he almost fell off the edge of the bed. And the hallucination faded.
“Hey! You only had to ask me to stop.” 
She looked up and saw Ben’s face – confused and hurt – she’d pushed him away with such force that she’d almost put the bruises back on his chest. “Sorry!”
Hot tears welled in her eyes. Tears of aggravation. She shook her head. “I didn’t mean to do that.”
“Layla.” His face changed – melting into concern and compassion. “What can I do?”
“I don’t know. Nothing. I think I just need more time.”
He nodded. “Of course. It’ll keep.”
But there was disappointment in his face. And she didn’t want to lose him.
Charity Dinner
December came. Saturday morning. Layla made her favourite breakfast for them both – pancakes and maple syrup. It would have been nice to take the tray back into the bedroom and eat them where it was cosy and warm, if she had but dared to suggest it. Sometimes she thought it might be easier in the morning, when she was mellow and relaxed. Sometimes she thought it would never seem easy.  But she didn’t ask him to join her for pancakes in the bedroom.  No time now, anyway, Ben was rostered on at the clinic for the Saturday morning shift. He sat at the kitchen counter nursing a cup of coffee. Looking at her like he would much rather stay at home.
Layla stood in the kitchen, on the other side of the granite counter-top, enjoying the sight of him sitting there in his dark grey suit. He was all ready for work – except for his tie. In a minute she’d fetch it for him, when he finished his coffee. And she’d tie it for him, and hope for a kiss. 
She took his empty plate away and put it in his super-shiny sink. She ran some water onto it. She  flipped the calendar over to the page for December. And saw that he had written ‘pick up suit’ diagonally in his doctor’s scrawl in the square for the first day of the month. 
“Pick up suit?” she said, and pointed to the note on the calendar. “Is that something I could do?”
He paused for a second, like he couldn’t imagine why he’d want to pick up a suit on the 1st of December. And then he remembered. “Oh, fuck. The Cancer Society dinner.”
She looked at him, questioningly. He didn’t often swear.
He sighed. “I go every year. I’m kind of committed to it. It’s at the Hilton.” 
“Nice,” she said. 
But he gave a groan and put his head down on the kitchen counter in a theatrical display of despair.
She smiled sympathetically, sorry that she’d accidentally mentioned something that filled him with a sense of dread. “So tell me where the suit is and I’ll go and pick it up.”
He looked up and carried on explaining about the dinner. “It’s a kind of annual torture. A charity event. But lots of medical people go – important people. Future colleagues, if you know what I mean… And I  have friends from North Fenland who go. Martin and… Rebecca.”
The way he said Rebecca told her the real reason he was dreading the dinner. She must be the girl – the one who married someone else. 
“Do you have to go?” she asked, quietly. “Can’t you get out of it?”
“Not really. The medical centre paid for the tickets and it’s a very good cause,” then he smiled. “Will you come and hold my hand?”
She looked up, and his sense of duty and dread instantly transmitted itself to her. “What?” 
“I booked two tickets, Layla. Round about the time we started seeing each other. And then I completely forgot to ask you about it.”
She hesitated. “Me? At a Charity Dinner? At the Hilton?”
“Layla, I don’t want to go alone. I’ve done that several years running and it’s awful.”
She wasn’t quite ready to say yes, yet,  so instead she took a risk. “Do you mean being there alone, or seeing her?”
He looked up, and she saw by the look in his dark eyes she was right. Just the thought of meeting Rebecca and her husband seemed to cause him pain.  He sighed. “Seeing her and being alone. And her seeing that I’m still alone. And seeing her with him. Although, having said that, one year it was even worse, because  that year I was with someone else. Only we were on the verge of splitting up and she saw all that too.”
“Oh, dear.” This was maybe a bit more disclosure than Layla really needed. Some things, especially former relationships, are best left undisturbed. 
He sighed. “Becca and Martin, Becky he calls her. They’re so… irritatingly happy.”
He looked up at the ceiling like he needed divine inspiration – or new light fittings. Or both. 
So Layla went round to his side of the bench and put her arms around him. “But we’re happy too, aren’t we?”
He smiled at her. “Yes. It’s different now. And I’m ever so happy.” He abandoned his coffee and put his arms around her. “So you’re coming? To help me get through it?”
“I have to, don’t I? I don’t have a choice. You came to the prison with me.”
She watched as he gazed appreciatively at the curve of her breasts underneath the silk shirt she was wearing. It was one of his shirts – obviously. She was very glad he had a lot of shirts because she wore them all the time. She slept in them, and this silk one was great for that. He lowered his head to kiss her breasts. They were just about on eye level for him, because he was sitting and she was standing. Layla shivered as he found her nipple through the thin silk fabric of the shirt, and blushed as he sucked it and made a wet patch on the shirt.
“Oh, Ben…”
He stopped sucking and put his hand up to cover the wet patch on her shirt, fondling her left breast while he was there.  “I’m going to get you a dress that shows these off,” he said.
Layla wasn’t quite sure how to respond to that. “I’m glad you appreciate my finer qualities.”
He looked up at her. “You know I do.”
She leaned forward and kissed his forehead. “Forget her.”
“I already have. It’s you and me from now on. Ben and Layla.”
She rose to the challenge. “Alright. You’re on. As long as I don’t have to dance on any tables or go home with strange men, I’ll do it, I’ll go to the dinner.”
“Great. You get the suit. It’s at the drycleaners on Richmond Road. I hope it’s still there – the suit, I mean – they’ve had it for at least three weeks.”
“It’ll be there.”
“And buy yourself a dress – a low-cut one – no expense spared.” He got out one of his credit cards from his trouser pocket. She took it, feeling nervous, but she nodded. 
“Don’t buy it in the charity shop, Layla.”
She shook her head. “No. I’ll find a good one. I promise.”

*  *  *

Fiona watched Ben sign in when he arrived at work that morning and gave him her usual smile. But when he’d gone she got up, picked up two files that she had hidden in her top drawer, and went to see Jonathan Lyme, the clinic director. You won’t know what’s hit you Ben Stein. Not when this gets out. 
Jonathan smiled warmly when she came into the room – they’d worked together for eight years now. And their relationship was entirely professional. Just as it should be.
“What have you got for me, Fiona? More papers to sign?”
"Ben Stein has become romantically involved with one of his patients."
His face changed. "What?"
"A girl - barely eighteen. She's been a patient here for a long time. The whole family are registered here."
Fiona sat down in the chair opposite and told him everything she knew so far. And Jonathan slumped back in his chair looking like a rugby ball had just hit him in the solar plexus. He had seen just about every problem that the population of East London could throw at him. Every injury, every addiction, every illness. But he hadn’t seen a case like this.
“You’re saying he’s breaching medical ethics?”
“It looks like it, doesn’t it?” Fiona proffered the files labelled Gilbert, Layla and Gilbert, Edward. “He’s dating her. And he’s been to see him in prison.”
“Why on earth would he do that?” 
“I don’t know. But I thought it was something I ought to bring to your attention.”
“Yes. You were quite right to do that,” he said. Though he looked like he hadn’t a clue what to do about it. “I’ll have to look into it, I suppose. But, Fiona, are you absolutely sure? Have you seen them together? This is a serious allegation. He might sue us or something, if we get this wrong.” 
She sighed. “I haven’t seen them together, no. But I’ve heard he’s got a live-in girlfriend now. I asked him her name and he was very evasive.”
“Interesting,” said Jonathan. 
“And this morning, he picked up his tickets for the Charity Dinner. Two tickets.”
“Did he, indeed?” said Jonathan, thinking deeply. He swivelled gently in his executive chair. Thinking. “Keep it under your hat for a few days, Fee. Give me some time to do some digging.”

*  *  *

Layla sat in the hairdressers’ shop, breathing in the astringent smell of all the hair products, while the stylist worked on her short choppy locks. She had told them not to cut too much off – it was short enough already – but if they could just tidy it up and make her look less like a London vagabond who’d sold her hair for drugs, that would be good. 
The stylist, a motherly lady with big gold hoops in her ears, said she’d feather the edges a tiny bit, and maybe add some highlights here and there. “Going somewhere nice?”
“Big event at the Hilton.” Layla’s voice shook.
“Nervous, are you?”
“Petrified.”
She was still in the hair-dresser when Ben came to pick her up. They were putting it in bits of foil and it was taking ages. So the nice lady stylist had let her borrow the phone to call him and tell him to meet her here. 
Layla noticed how all eyes were on him, when he pushed open the glass door and came into the shop. But he acted like he was immune to the admiring glances that followed him as he entered the room. 
“Hello, sir! Can I be of assistance?” the receptionist gushed. 
“No, no. Just waiting, thanks.” He glanced meaningfully at Layla, who had her back to him, but he caught her eye in the mirrored wall beyond. 
The receptionist seemed very anxious about his welfare. “Coffee? Biscuit? Can I find you a magazine? Look, sir, this chair’s nice and squishy.”
“I’m fine, thanks. I’ll stand.” He went and stood not far from Layla, as if proximity might offer him some protection from predatory women in need of a man. 
“Did you find a dress?” he asked. 
Layla couldn’t move her head to look round at him, because the hairdresser was still working on the foils. But she could see him there in the mirror, standing behind her. “I’ve narrowed it down to two. Or maybe just one and a half.”
He grinned. “I know I said show off your body, but half a dress might be going too far.”
“Well. It’s between a long blue one and a black one with silver sparkly bits up the front,” she said. 
He shrugged. “And which one did you like best?”
“The black one – but it’s in the window of one of them posh boutiques – and I was afraid to go in and ask them how much. Probably too much. It was that kind of place.”
“Sounds perfect,” Ben said. “I’ll go back and get it.”
She whitened. Feeling nervous all of a sudden. He was in one of those rash moods that struck him from time to time – the same kind mood that had caused him to save her skin for twenty thousand pounds. Bless him. 
“It’s okay, Layla. It’s only a dress. What size do you need?”
She was flustered. 
“Lucky girl,” said the hairdresser, putting in the last of the foils.
“Um…I think I need a ten – no maybe a twelve if it’s tight across the front. Oh, Ben, I don’t know.”
“Get her a ten if it’s stretchy,” said the hairdresser. “She could get away with it. She’s got a body like a little goddess, this one.”
“I know, I know.” Ben smiled. “Tell me the name of the shop.”
She told him, and he wrote it down and went out of the shop to look for the dress. 
“He’s lovely, your husband. Where did you find him? They don’t make them like that anymore.’
Husband? They’d never even shared the same bed. Not yet. Layla bit her lip and looked down, lost in her worries. The trouble was, the more he did for her, the more it seemed like she owed him. And the harder it got – the decision about when to sleep with him. She did owe him. She owed him her life, almost, and she wouldn’t even give him her body? That didn’t seem fair when he was always so good to her. 
“Sorry, love,” said the hairdresser. “Not quite married to him, are you?”
“No.”
“Not yet,” said the motherly hairdresser and gave her a kind smile.
Not yet? More like not likely.

*  *  *

Ben bought the dress. It had a hefty price tag – but it was exactly right for this evening. Layla had good taste when she had the chance to indulge it. The assistant in the shop told him he could change it if it didn’t fit, but Ben said that he doubted there would be time. She put the dress in a smart paper carrier – white printed with gold lettering - with the designer dress inside it. Ben took and went back to the hairdresser’s shop. 
They were still working on her hair. Still. 
He smiled at Layla in the mirror and pulled the dress out of the bag a few inches so she could see it was the right one, and she gave him the thumbs up. Then he sank back onto the comfortable couch and waited for the marathon hairdressing event to come to an end. 
He was lost in thought when she came over and stood beside him. “Layla!”
She looked amazing. She always amazed him, but right now, she was smiling in delight, because she knew she looked amazing. 
“Wow,” he said. He stood up to admire her hair properly. Fronds of burnished gold swept down in a seductive fringe over her eyes. The gold was cropped shorter at the sides and the back – showing off pale delicate skin – making him notice her neck, her ears, the lovely angle of her jaw. It was a style that made her lips look extra kissable, somehow, and her big grey eyes were even more beautiful than ever. Especially because those eyes told him she was falling in love with him like he had fallen for her. 
“It’s great,” he said, though the words failed him. “It’s lovely…”
“It was a bit expensive,” she admitted. 
“I don’t care,” he said. “It was worth it. Come on. Let’s go home so I can see you in the dress.”
Or out of it, he thought. 
The hairdresser fetched Layla’s coat for her and whispered, loud enough for Ben to hear. “You ain’t got a thing to worry about, love. He's crazy about you. He’ll marry you if you play your cards right.”
Layla blushed like she could sink into the floor, but Ben didn’t care. He smiled and gave her a wink. 
He had requested leave this morning. If it was approved they’d go to North Fenland this week. So Layla could meet his parents.

*  *  *

Back at the flat in Richmond, standing in front of the bedroom mirror, Layla realized she’d made a terrible mistake. 
She bit her lip. Serves me right for being too afraid to go inside the shop, she thought. The dress – the beautiful slippery designer dress – was a complete disaster. 
“Can I come in yet?” he said, and rattled the handle of the door, which was locked.
“No!” She was almost afraid he’d find some way of opening it from the other side, unless she begged him not to. 
“Is anything wrong?”
“Um. Yes and no.”
“Let me come in and see.”
“No!”
She looked at her reflection again. The black dress fitted like a glove. That wasn’t the problem. The neckline was wonderful – the silver trim dipped in a low vee  -  revealing a cleavage that was likely to make him ask for a hand-job in the taxi on the way,  if he even let her out of the bedroom door. 
She could cry. She had only seen the dress from the front. That was the problem. But at the Charity dinner there would be lots of people who would see the dress from the back. She could cry. She didn’t know how to tell him. 
“Let me see,” he said, and he sounded like he was smiling. She hated to think what he’d sound like when he knew.
She told herself not to be a coward. She went to the door and unlocked it. She opened the door and let him see how good the dress looked. From the front.
“Wow,” he said, with such a lovely, sexy smile on his face that she wanted to die. “It’s great.”
“There’s a problem. I didn’t realise, you see, that it’s backless. This dress.”
“Backless?” he said. “So what?”
He tried to look and they did a kind of dance in the doorway – with her turning and backing away so he couldn’t see. 
“I would never have asked you to buy it if I’d realised.”
“Layla for goodness sake. It looks fantastic. What’s the problem with a backless dress?” 
So she had to tell him. “I’ve got a tattoo.”
There was a pause. Then he smiled. “Okay. You’ve got a tattoo. Let’s see.”
“No,” she said. They did a reprise of the dance, but she backed against the bedroom wall and pressed her body hard up against it. 
He gave her a knowing smile. Resistance was hopeless. She was going to have to show him, in the end. “Are you worried about people at the dinner seeing it?”
“Yes.”
“Because you don’t need to worry about me seeing it. And what do other people matter?”
“I think it might matter,” she said. 
“Why?”
“Because of what it says.”
“As long as it isn’t a swastika or anything – I hardly think it’s a problem.”
She leaned back against the wall, feeling helpless. To her, it was a huge problem. It was also a fairly huge tattoo. 
He touched her face. “Now, sweetheart, we’re both a bit nervous this dinner. I’m not going to force you to show me what you’ve got on your back if you don’t want to. I’m not that kind of man. You can always wear my dinner jacket over the top, if you like. Though it would be a crime to cover up that dress.”
He looked so nice. Smart dark hair – combed but still faintly damp from the shower. White formal shirt, black pants, shiny black shoes. He looked like a man from a wedding magazine. 
No. He wouldn’t force her – though some men would. Some men would have prised her shoulders away from the wall and forced her to turn around. Dumped her face down on the bed, maybe. But he seemed to rely on gentle persuasion and he was very good at it, too. She was going to have to show him. Voluntarily.
“Okay,” she said. And she turned around. 
She heard him take a breath, as he saw it. She could picture what he could see there, written on her pale, soft skin.. The words, in bold red. Outlined in green. ‘Loverboy’s Back’.
“Well,” he said. “That’s quite a statement.”
She turned back to face him, hardly knowing how she was going to look up into his eyes. She felt the sting of tears in her own eyes, and when she did look up at him, she knew the tears were just about to fall. 
“I am a little surprised, I must say,” he said, with a kind of shrug.
There was still that familiar kindness in his eyes, she thought, desperately. The kindness she had come to associate with Ben and only Ben. All the same. He’d seen it now, and he’d be asking himself some questions. And soon he’d be asking her some questions, too.
“What’s the story, then?” he said.
She felt the warm tears tumble down her face. He saw them too, and he stopped to kiss them away. And that was the hardest thing. Accepting those soft, tender kisses, when she knew that – yet again – her shadowy past had come back to tease them. She had wronged him again. Unwittingly, unknowingly. But she had failed to prevent the wrong thing from happening. And he was forgiving her. Again.
So she told him how she got the tattoo. “It was when my dad came out of prison one time. My mum really liked the idea of getting a tat that said ‘Loverboy’s Back’.”
“Well, why didn’t she get it put on her own back, then?” 
“There wasn’t room. So she got the guy at the tattoo place to put it on mine, instead.”
“That doesn’t make much sense.”
“She’s a crack addict, Ben. Nothing she does makes any sense.”
He smiled. “Maybe it’s a mother thing. I’m often puzzled by my mother, Layla. Maybe she’s doing crack too, on the sly.”
Layla rolled her eyes, and ran a nervous hand over the front of her new dress. “What are we going to do?”
“Oh – I don’t know – but that dress is giving me a few ideas.”
“No. Ben. I mean, about the problem?”
“What problem?”
She sighed. “The tattoo.”
He solved it for her, like he’d solved everything else. They got a taxi – a traditional black cab - and asked it to stop at a twenty-four-hour chemist on the way. The makeup lady advised that concealer wouldn’t really cover it, it would look all sticky and obvious over such a big tattoo, so they bought a large floaty black scarf and Layla wore it around her shoulders like a pashmina. Then they got back into their taxi and went on to the Hilton Hotel. And Ben smiled at her and said he’d never felt happier, as they sat holding hands on the back seat. 
London whizzed past – a whirlwind of people and buses and important buildings. The Royal London Hospital loomed up. “Isn’t that where you used to work −” she began 
But he silenced her with a kiss. “Who cares…” he murmured, between kisses. 
He held her hand more chastely as they crossed the covered forecourt of the big hotel. The black scarf billowed perilously as they headed for the sliding glass doors.
“Oh, no!” She didn’t want to lose it. 
 He laughed and adjusted it for her. “Don’t worry. Our secret’s safe tonight.” 

*  *  *

Inside the Hilton’s massive ballroom, there were lots of round tables set with cutlery and glasses, each one graced with a centrepiece of  lilies in a big glass bowl. Ben found table number seven, where they had been allocated seats. Ten people would be sitting there tonight. Doctors and their wives, mainly. Layla saw the name cards first. Names that she recognized. Martin Hardy. Rebecca Hardy. Benjamin Stein, and Partner of B. Stein. Terrific. She hoped people didn’t call her that all night. Howdy, partner. 
Ben looked at them too. “Sorry. I should have phoned ahead.”
They stood there beside the table. None of the others had arrived. 
“I suppose we ought to wait to be seated,” said Layla, desperate not to commit any etiquette crimes.
“Ben!” shouted an unfamiliar voice across the room. 
Layla looked up and coming towards them – a young man in his twenties –  his powerful, muscular body sheathed in a massive tuxedo. He embraced Ben like a brother, although that was something they definitely could not be. The massive-tuxedo-man was blond, and looked like an off-duty Viking.  She’d always thought Ben was tall, but this guy – well, he was taller. And broader across the shoulders. Bigger in all directions. And he had a bone crushing hand-shake when Ben introduced her to him. 
“This is Martin, the old friend from North Fenland that I was telling you about.”
“Hi. I’m Layla. From Bethnal Green.”
“Very nice to meet you, love,” Martin said. She was surprised to hear that he had quite an ordinary voice – not languid and posh, like Ben’s. “I’m sorry my wife isn’t here. We’ve got a five-year-old, see, and we think he’s got chicken pox.”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that…” Layla murmured. She glanced at Ben and saw that he looked both relieved and concerned. 
“Is he very unwell?” Ben asked, going into doctor mode.
“No, no. Not so bad. We could maybe have left him with a sitter. But you know. A boy needs his mother, doesn’t he?”
Ben nodded. “She would telephone me, wouldn’t she, if she needed advice – anything at all – about how to look after him?”
“Of course she would. But he’s alright. And you’ve got plenty of patients of your own, haven’t you? How’s that new job you’ve got in central London?”
And off they went into a discussion of Ben’s work at the medical centre. While Layla stood there and pretended to look at the lilies. She couldn’t pretend she wasn’t glad that Becky had stayed home to look after her child. She didn’t know if she could bear to see Ben stealing glances at another woman all night. But then, the way Ben turned and looked at her now, she wasn’t sure that she would have had to…
“Do you want to sit down?” Ben said at last, and pulled out the chair for her. 
She hesitated. Not sure if she ought to be the first in the room to sit down. 
Martin smiled, and went to pull out his chair on the other side of her. “Well I’m taking the weight off, even if no one else is. I’m looking forward to a slap-up dinner and plenty of free booze. Only thing that makes these Cancer dinners bearable, if you ask me.”
She smiled and sat down. He was nice. The man who’d married Becky. 
Then Ben sat down and put a protective arm along the back of her chair. As if to say, this one’s mine.
“No chardonnay, remember,” she said to Ben, as she felt his hand touch the curve of her shoulder. 
“Okay. I’ll stick to red wine and spirits.”
Layla opened her mouth to protest. But Ben kissed her, to shut her up. And then he whispered, “Just kidding. I won’t break the rules. Not even tonight. No giving in to temptation.”
But Layla wasn’t at all sure she could make the same promise. Not with him so sweet and attentive and looking like a movie-star in his evening jacket. 
Martin smiled. And when Ben got up to greet a posse of doctors he had known at med school, Martin leaned over and said, “I’m glad he’s met you, love. It’ll be such a relief to come to this next year and not have him making sheep’s eyes at my wife.”
“I heard about that,” Layla admitted. 
“Oh, God, he didn’t confess it all, did he? What an idiot.”
“He said they were childhood sweethearts.”
“Mainly in his head,” Martin said, with a grin. “But maybe now he’s got you to wake up with, he’ll finally be able to move on.”
“Fingers crossed,” said Layla, and smiled back as if bedding Ben Stein was all in a day’s work. When actually it was a matter of blushing embarrassment. Did no one understand what it was like to be only just eighteen and standing on the brink of one of the most difficult decisions of her life? 
“I’m not a doctor, by the way,” said Martin. “I just come along to support a good cause. They only invite me because my wife and I make donations.”
Layla smiled. “That’s what makes the world go round, isn’t it?”
Ben was back, and he heard that remark. “I’d like to think that it’s love.” 
“See,” said Martin, poking Layla meaningfully in the back. “It’s all about you now. Thank God.”
Layla adjusted the shawl self-consciously. 
An evening of fine food and terrible jokes began. Layla could see that Ben moved easily in a world full of doctors. But to her surprise, it wasn’t that hard for her to move in that world, either. It seemed to be all a matter of smiling and chatting on about nothing in particular. 
The only difficult moment came when Ben got up and asked her to dance, after the desserts and the coffees. The music was pumping and she enjoyed the dancing, surprised at how many middle-aged doctors and their wives seemed to know all the moves. But when she got back to her seat she realized the black shawl was nowhere to be seen and she must have shed it on the dance-floor. The message ‘Loverboy’s Back’ was now on display, for anyone to read. 
She felt acutely aware that people noticed it, as they threaded their way through between the tables. 
“Loverboy’s Back?” said Martin, with a questioning grin. There was a ripple of interest and amusement as she stood there beside her chair, wondering if she should make a run for it and spend the rest of the night in the ladies’ loo.
“Yes,” Ben ran a protective hand over Layla’s back and smiled at everyone looking up from the table. “I won’t offer to show you mine. It’s in a spot I can’t possibly reveal. Not in polite company.”
And Martin guffawed with laughter and said he was looking forward to telling Becky that one when he got home. The look on her face would be priceless. 
And Layla looked at Ben like he now had a golden halo around his dark, Jewish head. He grinned, like he knew she thought he was a genius. Or a madman, or both. 
“Did you have some Chardonnay while I wasn’t looking?” she said, suspiciously. 
“You think I’d break our deal when there’s only ten days to go?”
“I didn’t promise you a deal. I only said I’d think about it…”
“I know. I just hope you’re thinking about it as much as I am, that’s all.” Ben’s eyes glittered and she knew she’d have to sit down before the thought of surrendering herself to him made her weak at the knees. 
Then another voice came from behind them. “Hi Ben. And who’s this glamour girl?”
She looked round and saw a face she recognized. The Indian doctor, from the medical centre. What was his name – oh yes, she remembered. Dr Ravi Kapoor.
Ben’s face. It went white. 
Layla watched him shake hands with the other doctor, like they too were long-lost friends.  She saw the fear behind Ben’s dark eyes. “Hello Ravi. I didn’t know you were coming to this.”
“No. Snap decision. You know how it is.” Ravi kept smiling, rather too broadly. Rather too falsely, for Layla’s liking. “So tell me - who’s this lovely lady? And does she have a name?”
“This is Layla,” said Ben. Rather heavily.
“Layla?” said Ravi. “That’s unusual. Now where have I heard that, before?”
Ben looked like he was going to pass out. “Um…”
“It’s a song,” Layla interrupted. “Most people have heard it. It won a Grammy award.”
Baby
They walked up the two flights of steps to his flat after the Charity dinner. Even in Richmond you couldn’t hope for a working lift. Ben was quiet. And Layla knew he was worried.  
“Do you think he knew?” she said. “That doctor called Ravi?”
Ben sighed. “Maybe. Perhaps he doesn’t care.”
“He didn’t say anything.” Layla said, with almost pathetic hope. “He didn’t ask us any difficult questions.”
Ben looked like he was about to say something more, but then, when they turned the corner on the upstairs landing, they saw a man. Hammering on the door of Ben’s flat. And when the man saw them, he almost cried in relief. “Oh, there you are! Thank God! The woman who lives next-door says you’re a doctor.”
“I am.” Ben said. Very tired.
“It’s my wife,” said the man. “She’s in the bath.”
“Good for her,” said Ben, but he looked like he knew what was coming. 
“The baby’s coming,” the man said, in a voice trembling with emotion. He was about thirty, with brown hair and the makings of a ginger beard. “Much too early.’
“Have you called the ambulance?” suggested Ben.
“Yes. But please. She’s in a bad way. And she’s terrified.”
“Okay. I’ll come and have a look.” said Ben. “Where is she?”
“In the bath, like I said.”
“No. Which flat do you live in?”
“18A. Downstairs. She’ll be terrified because I’m not with her.”
“Go back down there and tell her I’m on my way.”
Ben gave the house key to Layla, who looked at him and said. “What do you want me to do? Stay here or come and help?”
“Go and get my bag – I’ve got gloves in there, and a couple of other things we might need. Make sure I’ve got gloves, Layla – I’m going to need them.”
He turned and followed the man in the direction of flat 18A.
Layla ran into the apartment. She found the bag, checked for gloves, grabbed some clean towels. She put them on the kitchen bench while she threw on a sweatshirt over the revealing evening dress. No need to shock the couple at 18A with her stupid tattoo. Then she gathered the stuff together and headed back to find Ben. 
Ben and the bearded man were already in the bathroom, with a woman who looked like a whale in serious trouble. She had nothing on, and her hair was slicked back wet. Presumably, she’d been taking a bath when more important events overwhelmed her. But there was no water now, in the bath. 
Ben knelt down beside her on the bathmat - Layla passed the bag over to him, and stayed in the doorway. 
The woman experienced another rippling contraction that you could even see, and Layla watched with a kind of scared fascination. “Help me,” she said, gripping the sides of the bath. 
Layla wondered how often he heard those words, and remembered the day she’d said them herself.
“It’s okay,” said Ben. “I’m going to help you.” 
He explained to her that he wasn’t an obstetrician, but he had done this a few times and he’d be happy to help out as long as she did all the pushing. 
She smiled. Then the pain overtook her. She gripped his hand in answer, and her face sort of scrunched up as she experienced a contraction and the veins stood out on her neck. 
Layla felt like she was going to faint just watching. But Ben took control. When the contraction passed he swapped places with the husband, and told him he had to do the hand-holding. Then he took off the jacket of his evening suit, and rolled up his shirt sleeves like a vet about to help a cow with a calf that wouldn’t come out. Layla passed him the gloves and he pulled them on. He leaned into the bath tub and put his hands between the woman’s legs to check the status of the baby. 
“Fully dilated,” he said. “You’ll soon have your little baby.”
“Will it be alright?” said the baby’s father. “I mean – it’s only seven months. It’s really much too early.”
Ben looked at him, willing him to keep calm. “Baby feels nice and warm to me. Sure, we’ll all be glad when the paramedics show up, but we can do this on our own for now.”
The woman gave a long, desperate groan. “Oh, god, I feel like I’ve got to push…”
“Then you must push,” Ben said. “No stopping it now, I’m afraid.”
Ben turned and spoke over his shoulder. “Layla, can you get me some flannels soaked in hot water, I want to try and ease her pain a bit.”
So they laid hot towels under the woman’s back while she laboured. The husband – whose name was Jack – said he couldn’t bear to see his wife in so much pain. “It’s all happening so fast, doctor, less than four hours since contractions started – we thought we had loads of time.”
Ben smiled, and spoke like they had all the time in the world. “Babies have a way of picking the least convenient moment, don’t they?” 
Layla caught Ben’s eye and for a moment a silent question passed between them. Will we ever do this, you and I? She tried to look into her heart and imagine it. Could she bear all this pain for him? Would he want her to? Would he want her to give him a child?
Ben checked the woman’s progress again. “Doing well. Last couple of pushes. You know how to pant when I tell you to?”
“I can’t do it, doctor, it’s killing me.”
“It’s almost over,” he promised. “The baby’s coming now.”
So she pushed and pushed and finally with one last ear-splitting scream – loud enough to wake the whole apartment building – she pushed out her baby. The poor little scrap of humanity came out with a kind of slither and a lot of pink fluid. Layla had never thought she was squeamish but it wasn’t easy to watch. It was awful and awe-inspiring at the same time. 
This is what it’s about, she thought.  Couples in love. Moments of pleasure, that sometimes, only sometimes, lead to this. Another human being. It’s about creating life. Not filling Mr Birch’s pockets with wads of cash.
Ben took all the mess and the drama in his stride – speaking as calmly and pleasantly as if he was still at the Hilton having a coffee. “A baby girl,” he said, taking her into his arms and getting blood on his smart white shirt. “Quite a cutie.”
The baby’s arms and legs moved – fragile as a new-born kitten. Ben placed the baby on the woman’s body, and she reached down and touched the child with a stunned kind of wonder. “A girl…” she murmured as if no girl-child had ever been born in the world before tonight. “A little girl…”
Her husband touched the child too and said she was beautiful – which Layla thought was stretching the truth, but it was a nice thing to say.
Ben looked tired. He found a clamp in his bag for the cord, and then he wiped his brow with his arm because his hands were messy from handling the baby. 
Layla stepped forward and passed him a clean towel. “All over.”
He looked up at her, with tired dark eyes and shook his head. “Not quite,” he said. “I was hoping the ambulance men would be here before we had to do the placenta.”
*   *   *
They got back to the flat looking like they’d been in a train wreck. Ben had blood all over his white shirt like he’d been involved in a mafia killing. And his dinner jacket had some suspicious damp stains on it, from where he’d leaned into the bath and held the woman’s hand. “Well,” he said, bundling it all into the laundry hamper like discarded scrubs. “It definitely has to go back to the dry-cleaners.”
Layla approached him, shyly. “Ben. So many people ask you for help. And you always help them if you can.”
“Yes.”
“So when I asked you for help, it was just the same, really. Wasn’t it?”
He looked at her. “Layla, what are you saying?”
“That you kind of… need to help people. And I suppose I’m worried…that what we have together is all based on that.”
“Layla. It was different. And if I was to be brutally honest about that day – the day we met – I’d have to tell you that my thoughts were very selfish. I wanted you like crazy. You’re the type of girl men’s fantasies are made of. The fact that you needed my help gave me an opportunity, and I sometimes feel very guilty for taking it. But since then it’s become something more. Something worth crossing a boundary for.”
“Worth risking your career for?”
“Yes,” Ben looked at her, with direct honesty. “I know Ravi could report it. I know there could be repercussions.”
“Why did you do it?”
“Because there was such a strong mutual attraction and I didn’t want to be single any more. You knew how much I wanted you, didn’t you?”
She nodded and broke into a smile. “I never had that effect on crusty old Dr Barrymore.”
He smiled too. “But going beyond that, Layla, there was more. Even in those few minutes after we met – we teamed up – we had to. To outwit Ray Leach. We teamed up and worked together. Like we did tonight.”
“Oh, Ben, I felt so helpless tonight with that woman and her baby. And you were amazing.”
“And you were everything I needed you to be. You always are.”
She hesitated, just for a second, before she asked him, “Would it be like that if we ever had a baby?”
“Good heaven’s no. If you were having a pre-term baby in our bathroom, I’d be a nervous wreck.”
Weekend in the Country
“Oh, good,” Ben said. “They’ve left the gates open for us.”
Layla looked out through the windscreen to catch her first glimpse of the Steins’ place.  It was big. Built of stone. With wide, shallow steps up to a heavy oak door half hidden by overhanging ivy. Ben spent his childhood here, she thought. The sign on the ivy-clad wall said ‘Chanson D’amour’. 
“Is that the name of the house?” she asked, as they drove in through a pair of wrought-iron gates. 
“Yes,” said Ben absently, wheeling the car round into the semi-circular driveway in front of the house. “Do you need me to translate?”
“No. My French is terrible, but I’ve heard the song.” In her head Layla heard it now. Chanson D’amour. Song of love. “Strange name for a house.”
“It was called that before my parents moved in. A stonemason built it, for his young wife. But she ran away and was found dead only a few months after the couple were married.”
“Oh, that’s cheerful.”
“I know. Sorry. But you were bound to hear the story sooner or later. Thought I might as well get it out of the way.” Ben parked by some rosebushes that would have been lovely in summer, but just now were looking wintry and bare. “My father wanted to change the name, but my mother said it reminded her of Paris – where she and Dad had their honeymoon. She said that even if the young couple who built the house hadn’t known much happiness or romance, she could still hope for some, couldn’t she?”
Layla felt she understood. Life was like that sometimes, and it seemed to her that even with doom and gloom all around you, you had to take your chances when they appeared. She got out of the car, and saw that up above there were storm clouds now, and the first spots of rain dotted the boot of the car as she and Ben unpacked the bags. He carried them, gentleman that he was. 
“Right,” he said, inclining his head towards the house. “Shall we?”
She nodded. They crunched across the gravel towards the house. 
This was it. Meeting his parents. Mr and Mrs Stein. 
“Benjamin!” An excited voice, belonging to an excited little lady with curly grey hair. Layla looked up. 
She already had the door open for them, and she stood at the top of a shallow flight of stone steps, clapping her hands in delight that her wonderful son had come home. “And Layla. It is Layla, isn’t it?”
“Yes, mother. Here she is.” 
“Oh, but she’s lovely, dear! Very pretty!”
Layla blushed and looked down as she followed Ben up the steps, which said “1937” in curly letters carved deep into the stone. Ben turned and gave her an encouraging smile. “You’ll get used to it.”
Then he turned back to his mother and flung down the bags and embraced the tiny, excitable woman. She seemed to almost hop up and down in his arms like a fidgety animal or a fluttery bird. 
“Come in, come in, out of the cold. Can you believe Christmas is only three weeks away? You will be back for Christmas, won’t you? You and Layla? You promise me, darling?”
Ben smiled. “Mother, can we get this visit underway before we start planning the next one?”
“Yes. Yes. Oh I shall feel quite guilty now. Because if you can’t come back for Christmas I should have put the tree up so at least you could have seen it. It would have looked so lovely standing here in the hall. And then Layla could have seen it, too. But maybe she will, fingers crossed. Do you know I found Mr Sminky the Christmas mouse and I pulled his tail and he worked, Benjy, he worked after all these years.” Mrs Stein turned to Layla, and explained, “Mr Sminky is a clockwork mouse that Benjy got for Christmas when he was nine. And he plays ‘We wish you a merry Christmas’ at top speed. Oh, we all enjoyed him so much! Imagine, dear, a little clockwork mouse that sings at ninety miles an hour!”
Layla didn’t have to imagine. Mrs Stein was just like that. Exactly like that. 
Ben picked up the bags and attempted to get past his mother and into the hall. But she was waving her arms and saying that she should have left the door closed so they could have heard the new door-bell chime. “It goes like this,” she said, excitedly, and leaned around the door post to sound the bell for them. “It’s Big Ben – isn’t that a scream? And highly appropriate, really.”
She sounded the chime again and the sonorous notes of Big Ben chiming the hour were heard in the Steins entrance hall. 
“Mother, can we please come in?” Ben tried to aim the front of his overnight bag through a space between his mother and the door frame, but it was no good she was throwing her arms around him again. 
“It’s so wonderful to have you here, dear. And Layla, too.” She extended her bird-like arm out to Layla as if to pull her into a group hug. “You’ll persuade him to come home for Christmas, won’t you, dear? There’s nothing like a Christmas at Chanson D’Amour, except maybe Rosh Hashanah.”
Layla could well believe it. It already seemed like she’d landed on another planet. A planet where festive holidays of all types were celebrated with a vengeance.
“Sylvia, Sylvia,” said a man’s voice behind her. “Let the dog see the rabbit!”
“Thank heaven,” said Ben, as his father came and hauled Sylvia away – placing firm hands on her shoulders and moving her, purposefully, a few feet off to the side. 
“Come in,” said Mr Stein, rolling his eyes. He stood back and let Ben and Layla in, while Sylvia clapped her hands in glee, and said that the only thing better than them coming for Christmas would be them coming for Hanukkah, because it was sooner, and yes well, thinking about it they’d HAVE to come for Hanukkah. They’d just have to. Then she started rattling on to Layla about how Hanukkah wasn’t the same as Christmas – not really the same at all – just in case Layla’s understanding of Jewish traditions wasn’t up to speed. But it would be lovely to have them here for Hanukkah all the same.  
“Yes,” whispered Ben. “Because if we’re really unlucky – the two celebrations will be a week apart and then we’ll have to come down for both.”
Layla looked back at him, and hoped her face didn’t convey a sense of shock. 
“Throw in the towel and move back in, son,” said Mr. Stein, and managed to steer the whole herd of them into a massive lounge with a fire blazing in the grate. “You and Layla can have your old room.”
Ben tried to speak up. “Oh, yes, I was meaning to say about that…”
Layla looked up at him, meaningfully. He hadn’t phoned ahead. She could tell. 
Mrs Stein – Sylvia – ran up to Layla with the grace and speed of a sixty-four year old ballet dancer and said, “I’ve made up the bed in there with fresh linen this afternoon, dear, and I hope you like lavender because the sheets are scented with those little lavender bags that Ruth helped me make last summer. Oh, I should have called to check – you’re not allergic to lavender or anything, are you?”
Layla shook her head. No, the lavender wasn’t a problem. But she looked at Ben and silently begged him to tell his mother that the proposed sleeping arrangements would have to be changed.
“Um, mother, I forgot. Sorry. It’s separate rooms… at this stage.”
“Separate rooms, dear?” she said, as if this was almost unheard of in living memory. 
“Yes,” Ben nodded, stiffly, and began to colour up. “That’s okay, isn’t it?”
“But I thought you were living with Layla,” his mother insisted. “Didn’t you say you were living together, dear, in your flat in Richmond? Or have you had an argument or something? Because if you’ve had some kind of little tiff then I think the absolute best thing in the world would be−”
“No,” said Ben with sudden force and determination. “We haven’t had an argument, mother. But we’ve never had sex.”
And then there was silence. For a full four seconds. 
“Ah,” she said, with a stern look at Ben as if this was a major oversight on his part. “I quite understand. And I must make myself scarce now for just a few minutes while I make a few tiny adjustments to everything upstairs.” She darted towards the doorway and when she got there she turned and said, “You’ll have to manage without me for a few minutes. Go ahead and talk amongst yourselves!”
Then she pirouetted out of the door, and Mr Stein smiled and said, “And now that you’ve left us, my sweet, that might actually be possible.”
Ben’s Room
Later, Layla followed Ben up the stairs to see where she would be staying. A small ceramic sign on the door said ‘Ruth’s Room’ with tiny flowers painted underneath the words. 
Layla opened the door for Ben, because he was carrying the bags. He dumped hers on the bed, in the middle of the pink candlewick bedspread. 
“My sister’s room,” he said. “Still just as it was. Ruth’s married now. No kids yet, much to my mother’s disappointment.”
It was a beautiful room. Large and square, with a big dressing table set out with dolls and hair brushes and perfume bottles. In front of it was a pink, squishy seat where a young girl could sit and do her hair all day if she wanted to. Over on the other side, there was a beautiful doll’s house. And round the edge, there were lots of cupboards all built in and painted white with curly gold handles.
Layla looked around the girly room in surprise. “She’s a lawyer now, isn’t she? Your sister?”
“That’s right. Criminal law. Defence cases.”
Layla thought it was strange that a girl who’d had a childhood full of dolls and pink powder puffs would want to immerse herself in the grimy world of crime and punishment. But the world is full of paradoxes. Like Ben and me.
Layla smiled and walked over to the doll’s house – an impressive three storey mansion in painted plywood, with balconies and painted flowers around the door. She put a finger on the catch in the middle, and looked at Ben. “Can I?”
He nodded. “Go ahead.”
It opened up like a cupboard with double doors at the front and it was all beautifully set out with the little doll family living in silent elegance inside. The baby was in its little crib. The mother and father dolls were in the well-appointed doll-sized sitting room. Father doll was reading a miniature newspaper. Mother doll was sitting, hands folded in her lap, gazing into the fireplace, where a tiny fire of cellophane sweet papers glowed. 
The junior dolls – a boy and a girl – were upstairs. The boy was lying on his bed, with his little wooden arms folded behind his head, and the girl doll was in the bath tub, with lots of curly paper shavings to represent the bubbles. 
Layla marvelled at it. Not only was it the most elaborate and expensive dolls house she had ever seen. It was what it represented, really. A family life so poised and perfect that no one could fault it. 
She stood up, and found that she was looking out of a double-glazed window and across the garden to the paddock beyond. Where two rather ancient ponies were standing, looking at her. 
Ben crossed the room to stand with her by the window. “That’s Jeremiah and Geronimo. Acquired at different times. For Ruth. She was pony mad at one stage.”
Layla nodded. “Are they friendly?”
“Yes. We can go and feed them later, if you like. They don’t give rides any more. They’re retired. They just eat hay and carrots.”
“She was a very lucky girl, your sister,” she said. “It’s a lovely room.”
“Yes. It was a good place to grow up. Do you want to see my room, now?”
She turned to catch the look in his eye, and he smiled, almost shyly. So she said, “Okay, if you like.”
“Yes. Come on. I’ll show you.”
His room was different. It was more modern. The walls were painted a deep burgundy red. A surprising colour for a young man’s room. But then, maybe he didn’t choose it. Or maybe he did, since it was the colour of a good French wine. He had a desk with a chrome angle-poise lamp. Some black speakers connected to some kind of sound system. And an ashtray. Up above, a bookshelf that held science books, mainly. ‘Today’s Chemistry’ and ‘Human Biology’ and a book about keeping goldfish. He had very little fiction – Sherlock Holmes, Jaws – the Movie, and a Biggles book with a torn yellow cover.  There were three model aeroplanes hanging on strings tied to drawing pins pushed into the ceiling. They’d been glued by hand (presumably Ben’s) but left unpainted – as if he’d never had the time. Apart from that there was very little evidence of childhood at all. Just a whole lot of binders with ‘Sixth Form Homework’ written on the side.  
“I spent hours at this desk,” he admitted. “Sometimes four or five hours a night. I was getting into Med School if it killed me.”
She smiled. “Well. You did it. You’re very clever.”
“Oh, my father thought a career in medicine was definitely second fiddle.”
“To what?”
“To joining him in the family business.”
“Which is wine, isn’t it?”
“Yes, he imports wine. On quite a large scale. He’s still running the business even though he’s well past retiring age. I used to work with him in the school holidays. But we argued. And apparently, I have no head for business,” Ben smiled. “Family joke. That’s why I had to be a doctor.”
“That was lucky for me,” she said, and she put her arms around him. “Very lucky.”
He caught her in the embrace and kissed her hair. “I hope they don’t scare you away. My parents. And I hope they’ll make you welcome.”
“Oh, Ben. They’re not scary. You don’t know the meaning of the word.”
No, she thought. It wasn’t his people they needed to worry about. It was hers. 

*  *  *

The Steins had a large and rather chilly dining room with a massive grey stone fireplace in the centre of one wall. It was the fireplace that made it chilly – because even when a fire burned in the grate, it seemed to draw all the warm air out of the room and up into the chimney. Sylvia set the table while her husband opened the wine.
“Ooh, it’s bitter in here, Morrie,” Sylvia complained. “It would have been cosier in the kitchen. I can’t think why we had to eat in here.”
But Ben knew why. Because his father liked to hold court in here whenever he had guests. Because he wanted to wield the electric carving knife like a mad butcher and bring out bottle after bottle of fine wine. He hadn’t yet broken it to Morrie that he was on the wagon for a month in a bid to win Layla’s devotion. 
“Sit down, sit down. Take the weight off. Please, Layla, sweetie, make yourself at home.” Sylvia went back into the kitchen to fetch the first course. Moments later she called out to Morrie for help, leaving Ben and Layla in the dining room alone.
Sitting on the mantelpiece was a set of little glowing carriages, drawn by reindeer with red and orange lights inside them.  “What are they?” asked Layla.
“Christmas decorations. Mother must have started early.”
Layla went over there to get a closer look. “Aren’t they cute?”
“Don’t tell her that or she’ll get out Mr Sminky.”
Layla touched one of the little carriages. “They remind me of the Lord Mayor’s Show. My dad used to take me to see it, before he got sent down.”
“We’ll go together next year.” He smiled at her, and pulled out a chair. “Sit down, darling.”
So she sat. She seemed terrified of breaching etiquette. She looked nervously at the old-fashioned silver cutlery set out and looked up at Ben for advice. “What’s this?”
“A fish knife.”
“And this?”
“A grapefruit knife.”
“And this one?”
“Bread and butter.”
“I’m never going to remember.”
“Don’t worry,” he said and sat down beside her. “They won’t care which knife you use. They will, however, grill you all night about all parts of your life. So if there’s anything you don’t want to tell them – now’s the moment to dream up your alibi.”
“Where did we meet? I’m worried about that one.”
“The pub on the corner. Like we told your father.”
“Okay,” she nodded. 
“I’ve been meaning to ask you, Layla, did that pub have a name?”
“Of course it had a name. It was called the Painted Lady.”
Ben rolled his eyes. “The Painted Lady? Seriously?”
“Tell them I met you getting tested for STDs, if you think that sounds better.”
He laughed. “Um, no. We’ll stick to the Painted Lady. So, for the rest of my life I’m going to be telling half-truths about picking you up in a pub called the Painted Lady.”
She nodded and then she blushed and looked up at him with a kind of puzzled surprise on her face. And he realized what an extraordinary admission he’d made. For the rest of my life. 
He stared down at his own elaborate set of silver cutlery, and felt the blush rising up his own neck. He had actually said that.  For the rest of my life. “Yes. Well. That was a little presumptuous of me.”
She gave a very shy smile, and reached for his hand. “It’s okay. It was a nice thing to say.”
He nodded. “Uncharted territory for both of us, though, isn’t it?”
“Yes. Very scary.”
He squeezed her hand. “Layla. I mean it.”
“I know. It’s just that… we’ve got a long way to go…”
Sylvia came in with a tray which she set on the sideboard. “Now, what are you two lovebirds talking about while Morrie and I are out of the way?”
“Secrets and lies, mother. Secrets and lies.”
“I don’t care if you lie to her, Benjy. As long as you keep her sweet. Pink grapefruit salad to start?”
She handed out the little glass bowls of food and Morrie blustered in with a wine bottle and started to pour for everyone. When Ben put a hand over the top of his glass and shook his head, Morrie’s eyebrows rose high above his bifocals. “What’s all this? No Fumé Blanc? It’s been aged in oak, Ben. It’s a wonderful wine.”
“I’m on a new health kick. No cigarettes. No Fumé Blanc.”
“What about French Bordeaux? We were going to have some of that, later.”
“French Bordeaux?” Ben let out a kind of agonised groan. He looked at Layla. “Tell me I’m allowed to have a glass of Bordeaux?”
“I’ll tell you anything you like. But you will have broken your promise, Ben. And why should I keep mine if you’re going to break yours?” She looked at him. Waiting to see what he would do. 
There was a long pause, while he thought about this. Then, he cleared his throat. “It strengthens willpower to stick to one’s resolutions. So no wine tonight, thanks.”
Morrie smiled wryly.  “Not tonight, Josephine.”
Mrs Stein looked like she was witnessing a biblical miracle. She and her husband exchanged a strange look. 
Layla picked up her fish knife and started attacking her grapefruit.
Dinner was lovely. Mrs Stein was an excellent cook, and Morrie was a genial host. Ben had always envied his parents ability to make anyone feel at home here. Layla was sparkling like a diamond by the end of the evening, and he thought she looked like she’d always belonged here. She was as much a part of it as the glittering chandelier that hung above the table, or the graceful fir trees that stood in the darkening vistas beyond the glass windows, framed by heavy looped-back curtains. 
After dinner and coffee and the chance of Cognac which Ben resisted like a Catholic martyr, they went back into the sitting room and sat by the fire. They spent the rest of the evening putting more logs on the blaze and swapping stories. Layla sat on the floor like a little girl, although to Ben she looked every inch a woman, in the flickering golden light. She was pensive and gazed into the flames and he wondered if she wished she wasn’t sleeping in Ruth’s room tonight.  But when she caught him looking at her, she flushed in that way that made her barely a schoolgirl again. 
Ben’s father was telling the same awful story he always told to illustrate Ben’s lack of business acumen – which everyone but Ben seemed to find absolutely hilarious. And all the time Ben kept sitting there, looking at Layla. There’s only one deal I need to close. Layla. I must have Layla. 
Fatherly Advice
Sunday was a leisurely day that began late and babbled along at like a country stream. Sylvia told them at breakfast time that she’d invited not one but two sets of neighbours over for dinner, so her friends could meet Layla and see how lovely she was. Ben wondered if this was too much pressure – but like a newly-added member of the royal family, Layla seemed to take it in her stride. After breakfast Ben took her on a grand tour of the tiny village, pointing out the school he’d attended and the church he had never been inside. Layla said she hadn’t been out of London much – except to places like Southend and Clacton Pier. The Fens would seem like another world to her, Ben realized, seeing it for the first time through her eyes. Flat fields, ploughed bare and brown, under a giant sky, with nothing to see for miles and miles.
“It’s so empty,” she said. “Weren’t you lonely?” 
“Always. Until I met you.”
They returned with a sack of carrots to feed to the elderly ponies, Geronimo and Jeremiah. And Ben watched her leaning over the fence, laughing as the ponies nuzzled the palm of her hand. 
“I need you,” he admitted. 
There was a companionable silence while she patted Jeremiah, who flicked his ears as if he was ticklish. She looked at him, shyly. “Maybe you do.”

*  *  *

Later, Ben sensed his father wanted a word alone with him. Mr Stein caught his eye and nodded in the direction of the conservatory, and then the two men sloped off to get a quiet moment alone. The conservatory –  a bright room with a tiled terracotta floor and lots of pot plants – was a place where Ben always used to go and smoke, and just being in there brought on a craving of such power and intensity that he really thought he’d have to run to the car and go and buy some. He ran a hand over his face, murmuring “Cravings pass, I can do this, cravings pass…” 
But he knew if it wasn’t for Layla – he’d already be driving through the gates and down to the village.
“Are you alright, son?” said Morrie, with a worried look on his face. He raised a mock-sincere eyebrow and asked, “Or have I interrupted a moment of prayer?”
“Of course not. I’m trying to kick smoking.”
“I noticed. Not improving your temper, is it?”
“Not really,” Ben admitted. “But I’m hoping it will bring other benefits.”
“One of them being the lovely Layla.”
Ben smiled. “You’re as sharp as a tack, Dad.”
“I don’t know. Separate beds, no smokes and you didn’t touch the Bordeaux, either. I’m stunned, Benjamin, by all this clean living you’re doing. You’re mother thinks you must have joined a cult.”
“Yeah.” Ben sat down heavily in a wicker chair by the window, and his gaze came to rest on an ashtray right there beside him, just dying to be filled. “Oh, this is awful.”
“And Layla asked you to do all of this?”
“Well, no. Not exactly. Look, I’ve been meaning to kick the cigarettes for ages – Layla just encouraged me, that’s all. As for the booze – I got pretty drunk on our first date and that was nearly the end of it. The silly girl convinced herself that I’m an alcoholic, so I’m laying off for a month to prove her wrong.”
His father laughed, and sat down in the other wicker chair. “Good for you. How long have you got to go?”
“Nine days, seven hours and six minutes.”
Morrie laughed. “Well done.”
Ben absent-mindedly patted his jacket pockets, frowning when he found nothing. “Thanks. But I have never made a bigger sacrifice for a woman than turning down that French Bordeaux. As for the sex,” he sighed, and got out his lighter and flicked it alight for old time’s sake. “I’m hoping that she'll let me indulge in that particular pleasure, when she’s ready.”
“That’s what I was meaning to speak to you about,” said Morrie, leaning forward and speaking low. 
“Good grief, you’re not going to do a birds and bees speech, are you, Dad? Because I have to say, you’re more than ten years too late.”
Morrie grinned. “No, no, no, of course not. They must have taught you something at medical school. But I am worried though. Very worried. Look, Benjy, she’s lovely, and I can see she means a lot to you. You’re mother and I are thrilled, really we are.”
“There’s a ‘but’ coming up, isn’t there?” said Ben, putting away his lighter. He got up to stare out of the conservatory window. 
“Yes. But how old is she? She doesn’t look a day over sixteen.”
“She’s eighteen.”
“Are you sure? Did you check?”
“Yes I checked. I saw her date of birth in her case notes.”
“What?” Morrie looked horrified. “Her case notes?”
Ben realized what he’d admitted and threw his father a guilty look. “It’s all sorted out. She’s with another doctor, now.”
Morrie’s sighed. “You’re sailing a bit close to the wind, aren’t you, son?”
“I have to. Like you said, she means a lot to me.”
“We don’t know much about her. And what little you’ve told us hasn’t been true.”
“Yes, well. We had to make up the story about meeting in the pub, didn’t we? It’s going to be difficult with my colleagues, too.”
Morrie was silent – he studied the terracotta floor and his old lined face showed that his thoughts were troubled. “There’s something she let slip that’s been bothering me…”
Ben came and sat down again, opposite his father. “Oh, yes?”
“She mentioned a name – when she was talking about places and people she knew in Ilford.”
“Did she?” Ben hadn’t even noticed. 
“Terry Birch, she said her mother got a job in a newsagent's shop, run by Terry Birch.”
Ben frowned. “And?” 
“And I thought, I know that name. It sounds familiar. But I couldn’t place it. Especially as I was pretty sure the newsagent's she was talking about wasn’t run by Terry Birch, it used to be run by a family whose name was Fairchild. Fairchild’s Tobacconists. That’s what it was called.”
“Oh, Dad, did you have to mention tobacco? I’m dying, here.” Ben started doing the thing with his lighter again, flicking the flame up and down like a schoolboy obsessed with the mechanism and how it worked. 
“There were two of them. The Birch brothers. They didn’t own any of the shops round there – not officially. But unofficially, they owned quite a few. They ran a protection racket, Ben. You know what that means?”
“A protection racket is where the…”
Ben’s father didn’t need the explanation, so he cut him off. “It means your Layla is part of the Birch family, as it were. Through no fault of her own, poor little innocent that she is. You get born into it. Like the mafia.”
Ben finally stopped fiddling with the lighter. Shoved it back into his pocket. Looked up at his father’s worried face. 
Morrie shook his head – a kind of fatherly warning. “Do you understand that you’re playing with fire, dating Layla?”
“Yes. I think I do.” 
“They’re awful people, Ben. There were two brothers – Terry and Leslie, if I remember rightly. Only Leslie got murdered. They never even found all the bits. That’s the kind of people they are, son. And you’ve just given them twenty thousand pounds.”
Ben stared out of the conservatory window. Not wanting to meet his father’s eye. Not now. 
“You were never supposed to know.”
Morrie swallowed. “Don’t get me wrong, I like Layla. But it strikes fear into an old man’s heart, Ben. That you’ve got involved in all this. You’re up to your neck in it now.”
“I’m not. What makes you think that?”
“Twenty thousand reasons, son. Twenty thousand reasons. And the trouble with blackmailers, Benjamin, is that they always come back for more.”
“N-no…” Ben felt a sense of panic, rising. 
“Have you ever thought they might have set you up with her? Because you were the rich newcomer? How long had you been at the clinic before you met her, eh? You didn’t understand how it all worked, did you? I hate to say this, son, but maybe you’ve been rooked.”
“Rooked?”
“Cheated. Taken advantage of. By the people who control Layla. I’m scared for you Ben. And for her. Maybe she’ll go back to them. It’s a hard world to leave.”
Then Ben got up. “I’m thinking I might drive down to the village. Just to get some fresh air.”
And some cigarettes, he thought to himself. 
Layla was in the kitchen, helping to get ready for dinner by heating up a pot of home-made soup. She was standing stirring the aromatic soup with a wooden spoon, very much like the other night when he came home and she had been cooking dinner for him – and he had thought she looked so lovely – and he had even dreamed that one day he’d make her his wife and they’d do this every night. And all the rest. Eat together, sleep together, wake up to find her sweet body lying beside him all warm and soft, in his bed. But if she really did belong to the mob – even though he thought he had bought her – where did that leave him?
She looked up and smiled at him. “What is it, Ben, you look worried?”
“Oh, it’s nothing. Cravings, that’s all. Can you believe I was actually looking for my car keys? I was going to slip out without you seeing and get some cigs at the village shop”
“I see,” she said. “I’m glad you admitted it. But you wouldn’t have been able to do it. Not without my knowledge.”
“Why not?”
“Because your car keys are in a very safe place.”
And where is that?”
“Inside my bra.”
He smiled and looked curiously at her breasts for a moment, or rather – at the curves they created underneath her fluffy white sweater. He frowned and touched them, feeling for anomalies,  until he found a suspicious metal object on the right-hand side. 
“Isn’t that desperately uncomfortable?” he said, keeping his hand where it was. 
“Yes, but it’s in a good cause. 
“It certainly is,” he said, allowing his cravings to melt into feelings of a different kind. 
Then, without removing his hand from the voluptuous curve of her breast, he leaned down and kissed her, passionately and extravagantly, while the soup boiled hard and the aromatic steam rose in clouds beside them. She’s perfect, he thought, sliding his tongue hard into her mouth, crushing his mouth against hers, and making her moan with pleasure. Losing himself in her sweet kiss, he let his anxieties about their London life evaporate like rising steam. 
He only broke off when he heard his mother’s voice. “Oh, Benjy, darling! I’m so glad you’re making progress. Layla and I get on ever so well!”
Dinner Gong
Mrs Stein came through to the main lounge where Ben, Layla and Morrie and some friends of his were waiting to be called for dinner. Mrs Stein leaned close to Layla and said, “We have a little family tradition, dear. Whenever we have guests we always ask the youngest person in the house to sound the gong, to call everyone to the table. Would you like to sound the dinner gong, dear?”
Ben saw, and knew what his mother was asking. To his surprise, Layla smiled and said she’d like to sound the gong. She got up to follow Ben’s mother, giving Ben a radiant smile before she left the room. 
Ben smiled too, and then caught his father looking at him. 
Morrie’s face seemed to hold a measure of suspicion. A pang went through Ben’s heart. His father knew. And at the same instant the dinner gong sounded – a resounding, booming sound coming from the dining room.
Morrie put his hand on Ben’s shoulder. 
 “What about dinner?” Ben said, desperately. Everyone else had gone in already, leaving the room disturbingly quiet, just him and his father. 
“There’s something else I need to say,” Morrie said, leaning close to his son.
Ben was silent, dreading what was coming. He saw fear in his father’s gentle brown eyes. He was scared that his father would see fear in his, too. 
“What if she’s in on it, Benjy? What if she was part of the con?”
“What the fuck are you suggesting, Dad? That I’ve allowed my own girlfriend to rob me of twenty thousand pounds?”
“They’re villains. Thieves. Torturers. What choice would she have had?”
“She’s not like them. She never wanted to be part of their world, Dad. She wants to be with me, in mine.”
Mrs Stein appeared in the doorway. She smiled. “The salmon is going cold.”
“I thought it was already cold?” Morrie said, with a nervous laugh. 
“No. It’s poached. With minted potatoes. Come through – we’re all waiting to start.”
“In a minute, my love, in a minute.” Morrie waited until she was out of the room to say the worst thing of all. “Think about it, Benjamin. You were new. It was your first day. She and the man worked together, didn’t they. They spun you a line, and you fell for it. I told you that you’ve been rooked.”
Ben shook his head, anger rising inside him. “I don’t believe that. Not for one minute.”
Morrie sighed. “I feel bad for even suggesting it. Layla seems like a lovely girl. But I’m worried, Benjy. The idea took root in my mind, and I keep fearing that it might be true.”
“Dad. Don’t. Every single thing you say only makes things worse. As usual.” Ben got up and stalked out of the room and into the dining room. 
Ben struggled through the meal in a black mood. Wouldn’t speak to his father. Not even to say pass the iced water. With Layla getting more and more worried at his side. 
And when the meal was over and Sylvia had disappeared into the kitchen, Ben dropped his bombshell on his dad. “We won’t be staying for coffee. We’re leaving.”
“What?” Morrie said, with a face like startled animal. “You’re driving back to London in the dark?”
“Yes. You can break it to mother. After we’ve gone.”

*  *  *

Layla couldn’t understand why it had all gone wrong. But she’d done as he said and packed their bags. With a certain amount of sadness in her heart. 
They crossed the hall. Shouldering their overnight bags. “We haven’t even said goodbye,” said Layla, worried about seeming rude.
“Shush,” Ben said, heading for the big front door. “I want to leave without a fuss.”
But that was not possible. 
“Benjy!” Sylvia’s voice was a cry of startled disappointment. “Benjy! What are you doing?” 
Ben’s mother was standing in the brightly-lit shaft of light that spilled from the doorway of the kitchen. 
“What does it look like?” he said, angrily. Heading for the front door. 
“But…Ben. You said you were staying until tomorrow. Ruth and her husband are coming tomorrow. What’s gone wrong?”
 “Ask Dad. After we’ve gone.”
“What’s he said? Everything was going so well.”
Ben sighed. “Dad and I didn’t see eye to eye over something that means a great deal to me, mother.”
Sylvia came towards him, trying to stretch out her arms. “But we’re both thrilled about Layla, darling, we are!” 
“Don’t,” said Ben, shrugging her off. “Come on, Layla, we’ve got to go.”
Layla turned to Mrs Stein – Sylvia – she was never quite sure what she ought to call her. “I’m sorry. I was having a lovely time, honestly. But with him so upset – maybe it’s best if we go.”
With no more explanation than that, Ben stalked out to the car and opened the boot. He put the bags in and slammed the boot shut. “Layla!” 
She followed him. She’d follow him to the ends of the earth.
Trust
When they got back to London, it was late and they were both very tired. The flat had that ‘nobody’s been here for days’ feel about it. Cold and unwelcoming. Layla ran round trying to get the heating going. “You want a hot drink?”
“Not unless it’s got whisky in it,” he said. 
“Don’t be silly. You’re doing so well.”
Ben looked angry. “I’m not. And the stress with Dad didn’t help.”
“Then share it with me, Ben. Please.”
He shook his head. “It doesn’t bear repeating.”
She was dead tired. She needed sleep. She didn’t care about anything else. At least neither of them had work in the morning. They could look forward to a long lie-in. 
He turned to her and pulled her near to him, kissing her in a strange needy way. “Let me lie down next to you tonight, Layla. I won’t ask you for anything, I swear.” 
She couldn’t refuse him. She nodded. “It’s your bed.” 
“It’s not the bed. It’s you. I need to be near you tonight.”
So they got undressed and lay down in his double bed. At first he seemed distant – lying on his back, arms behind his head, staring at the ceiling. But then he rolled towards her, and she nestled against him. He wore an old khaki t-shirt with a round neck. The type of thing a soldier might wear. “Layla,” he said and pulled her close. She felt the satin of his boxer shorts sliding against her skin. She felt more than that, too. Warm, male hardness, up against her body. 
She tensed up with fear. If he asked her for what he had paid for, she’d panic, she knew she would. She was already beginning to dread the day when she couldn’t go on saying no anymore. It wasn’t that he didn’t arouse her – he did – every inch of his wonderful body aroused her. The sight of him, the strength of him, even the scent of him drove her crazy. Arousal was a powerful drug, but fear can be even stronger. 
He was so warm and male and just having him there with his arms around her was enough to drive all thoughts of sleep out of her mind. But he did as he promised. He asked for nothing – only the warmth of her embrace. He must have been tired, because he fell asleep first. She kissed his forehead as he slept and told him in a whisper that she loved him. It was easier to say when he wasn’t gazing at her with those intense dark eyes of his. 
Then she too, closed her eyes and drifted into sleep. 
She woke and found that he wasn’t there anymore. She checked the time displayed in red numbers on the digital clock beside the bed – three a.m. She went out to the lounge and found him. He was sitting on the couch, with a bottle of whisky on the coffee table in front of him – almost empty, and a packet of cigarettes crumpled up beside it – definitely empty. Plus an ashtray. Definitely full. 
He was kind of slumped forward with his hand loosely holding a tumbler with a dreg of whisky in it, and for half a minute she wondered if he’d fallen asleep, with his head on the table. 
“What are you doing?” she whispered.
He lifted his head. “Oh, sorry. I was hoping you wouldn’t wake up.”
“Did you think I wouldn’t noticed the after effects of all this in the morning? The smoky patch on the ceiling? The booze on your breath?”
“Knowing you. Yes you would.”
She went towards him and tried to start clearing it all away. But he shook his head when she touched the bottle and the crumpled packets. “Leave them,” he said, and clung to his almost empty glass. 
“You broke your promise,” she said, in a voice stark with disappointment. “And why? Because of your dad?”
He looked up at her, all vulnerable and sad. “He said…you must have been in on it. The deal with Ray. He said maybe you and Ray planned it. You came to see me because I was new and I didn’t know what I was doing. You tempted me – asking for my help.”
“You’re father said that? I don’t believe you. He was so nice to me!”
“He said he felt like a heel for even suggesting it.”
“I can’t believe he thought that about me. He was nice to me even when we left.”
Ben put down the glass, at last. “But, is it true?”
“It isn’t. I swear.”
“I want to believe you.”	
“But you don’t?”
“I’ve been thinking about it all, Layla. The whole thing… I don’t know, anymore.”
She shook her head. She couldn’t bear to hear this. 
He got up, unsteadily, and staggered towards her. “Then tell me the truth.”
“I have told you the truth.”
“What if my father is right? Maybe Ray brought you to me because he thought I would be a soft touch – new doctor, didn’t know what he was doing, easy to push around. I was supposed to fall in love with you and want to save you. They knew I’d do anything – pay anything to have you. And they milked it for all it was worth and got four times the amount of money they thought they’d get. What do you think about that theory, Layla?”
“I think you’ve had a hell of a lot of whisky.”
“I have. But is it true?”
“It’s rubbish, that’s what it is. Whisky-sodden rubbish. How could Ray possibly guess that anything would happen between us? I don’t think anyone can predict who will fall in love with who – that’s why dating agencies are such a rip off. Bloody hell, Ben, next you’ll be telling me I was having sex with old Dr Barrymore as well!”
“Maybe you were. I forgot to ask him that question when I phoned him up in Edinburgh.”
“You phoned Dr Barrymore about me?”
“Yes. Before I asked you out.”
“Why. Did you need to ask his permission or something?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“I’m not the one being ridiculous. You are! What did the old Scottish fart say, anyway?”
“He said he liked your spirit.”
She looked puzzled for a moment. “Did he?”
“Yes. And I said, so do I.” He came towards her and tried to touch her arm. “Give it up to me, Layla, then I’ll know it’s true.”
She shook her head. “Not like this. I want it to be you, Ben. But not when you’re… You promised me it wouldn’t be like this.”
He blundered towards her, grabbed her and ripped her top. It shocked him as much as it shocked her. She slapped him, hard and he swore at her. Then she ran away into the bedroom, crying. She grabbed some of her things and tossed them into an old sports bag of his that she’d seen in the back of his wardrobe. 
While she was doing that, he went and got the phone and rang his father. He was shouting into the phone as she went past. She looked stonily at him. Huh! They have their first major row and the only thing he wants to do is phone his parents? Her respect for him plummeted like a suicidal man off a building. 
She ran out of the flat and into the street. 
Ben ranted his pain into the phone. “She’s gone! She’s gone now, Dad. You’ve destroyed it, and you’ve destroyed me.”
Morrie was agitated and apologetic. “I’ve written you a letter, Benjy. I swear to you it’s on my desk. Almost as soon as you left, I regretted it. Everything I said about Layla. And when I told Sylvia what I’d done she said no wonder you walked straight out of the door. If Layla’s your girl, she’s your girl. It’s not her fault what her people do. She was born into it, but she could leave it behind. Go after her. Talk her round and tell her I’m a suspicious old fool. Beg her forgiveness. On your knees if you have to. And while you’re there beg her for my sake too.”
Ben grabbed his car keys and went to find her. 
He was halfway down the stairs in the apartment building when he realized he couldn’t go out in the street in his boxer shorts. He had to waste valuable time running back into the flat and dragging a pair of trousers over the shorts, keys jingling in his hand. He grabbed a sweatshirt and hauled it on as he went. Then he ran out into the cold December night to find his car. 
He drove out into the main road looking for her. It was a good thing the roads were deserted because he drove erratically, up and over the edge of the kerb, out into the middle over the centre line, and then back into his lane again, weaving his way along the road until he found her. She was walking along the pavement, heading for the station. She saw him and darted across the grass and under the trees. So he pulled on the handbrake and got out of the car. He chased her across the grass until he caught up with her, pulled her round to face him. 
“My father says he begs for your forgiveness.”
“It’s not him I'm angry with."
“No, I know,” Ben said, struggling to stay focused, though the cold night air was helping. It was so cold he could see his breath as he spoke to her. And she, no doubt, could smell the whisky on it. “I’m sorry – and I know I’ve let you down. Look – Layla – I want you to know that it wouldn’t change a damn thing – if you're not a virgin. For goodness sake, I’m not. Why should you be? I just couldn’t bear thinking that you might have lied to me that’s all. But even if you lied about it – I’d know it was because of those men. I’d understand. I’d know that you had to do it, if they told you to…”
She pushed him away. “I never lied to you.”
“Then I feel really bad about the whole thing.”
“Good.”
“You have every right to be angry with me. But don’t leave me over stupid things I said when I was drunk. Please. Give me a second chance.”
“I’ve already given you a second chance, remember?”
“Well, give me a third, then.”
“I still have to leave you.”
“Why?”
“Because you couldn’t do it. You couldn't go without a drink for a month. And that means you're hooked.”
“Please – Layla. I can do it. I just have to start again tomorrow. It was too hard doing it all at once. No cigarettes, no drinks and no sex. You asked a lot of me – don’t you think?”
She had asked a lot of him. And he had given her so much. 
“You’re as bad as they all are at the Rookeries you know. You’re no different.”
“I am very different.”
“You’re not. You ask any one of them - the addicts at the Rookeries - and they’ll tell you they’re giving up, they're cutting down, they're coming off it, and they really mean it - and they'll do it this time, starting tomorrow…But they can’t, you see. Coz once it’s got them – crack and all its ugly little friends – they can’t do without it. They try, for a few hours, a few days. And then they give up and go to their dealer. Because for them – just getting through the day without it is like going through open heart surgery with no anaesthetic.”
He was silent. He did feel like that sometimes. 
“So… I'm leaving. We’ve given it a go, and now I think I should go home to Bethnal, to my own set of problems.”
“I can’t lose you,” he said, and caught hold of her arm as if to prevent her running from him again. “At least come home and wait until morning. We could talk about it when my head doesn't hurt so much.”
“No wonder all your girlfriends left you.”
“What?” he said, reeling slightly. 
“Catherine – and all the others.”
“Christ, Layla. What others? There haven’t been that many.”
“Enough.”
He was thinking – slowly. “Who told you about Catherine?”
“A set of salt and pepper grinders. They had a note stuck on the side.”
“Oh. That. Yeah.” He looked at the grass and for a moment she wondered if he was going to be sick. 
“I bet Catherine didn't like the drinking, either. How many times did she ask you to stop?”
“She never said anything about it. I don’t think she even noticed. She was always too busy with her career.”
“Was she a doctor, like you?”
“Yes. She was planning to specialize. Genetics. She wanted to be a research scientist.”
Genetics. Hell, why did he have to tell her that?
“So, she was the right sort of person for you.”
“No. I don’t think she was.” He was losing patience. “Our families wanted us to be together. It would have been a disaster.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know. It looked like a match. On paper, it was perfect.”
“So, what happened?”
“I don’t want to live my life on paper, do I?” he said – in a voice resonating with frustration. “The end was disturbingly amicable. She packed her stuff. She went.”
She looked away. 
“Layla, Layla. I want to feel it. I need it to be real, you know? That kind of feeling you get when the other person is part of you. When you need the other person so much that it hurts. When you love them so much that the other person holds your soul, and you can see the future in their eyes, and you don’t even care if it’s going to be good or bad as long as you’re with that one person.  Always. And you don’t give a damn about anyone else.”
Well. It was quite a declaration. But Layla stared at the grass and said, “Oh.”
“Don’t you want that? Don't you want that with me?”
She could lie to him and say no. Insist that she wanted to go to the station. But he was offering her one hell of a ride. And who wants to be on the circle line to Bethnal Green on a cold December night when they could have what he had to give her?
“Yes, I do.”
“Then kiss me. Come home with me. I’ll throw away the salt and pepper grinder if you like…”
He made an attempt to press his lips against hers, but she turned her head. She didn't want to kiss someone who tasted of whisky and French cigarettes. 
"About Catherine. Did you run after her, just like tonight?”
“No. Fuck Catherine.”
When he said that, Layla kind of crumpled. Leaned forward like someone had punched her in the stomach, and he thought she was going to cry. 
“I think that’s the trouble," she said. "I can’t bear the thought of you fucking Catherine.”
He almost laughed. “That’s because you’re jealous, you silly thing. Angel, Layla. Come home and I’ll fuck you.”
“No!” She almost tried to pull away from him and run again. “No way.”
But he held her. “Sorry – I shouldn’t have said it like that. But honestly Layla, if this is a night for confessions and facing up to the truth then there’s another thing we should talk about, isn’t there?”
“What?” she said, feeling a sudden panic.
“That you’re scared. Scared out of your mind about having sex with me or any other person.”
“I’m not… I’ll be alright…”
“You will be alright, Layla. Of course you will. Look – I don’t blame you. The yoke they wanted to put on you – the life they wanted you to lead. No wonder you don’t want it. No wonder you hate the idea.”
“But… Ben… I do want it…”
“Admit it. You’re terrified. Last night in bed with me – you were terrified.”
There was a catch in her breath and he’d struck a nerve. “Oh, God, Ben…”
He hesitated. Maybe he’d pushed her too far. “I’m sorry…”
“No, you’re right, I suppose.  I’ve spent a long, long time making sure nobody got to me, you know?”
“And then you met me?”
She nodded. 
“And even though I’m a fucked up idiot who smokes and drinks and drives you crazy, you thought about having sex with me?”
She nodded. “But I needed time. And then you paid twenty thousand pounds for me. How could I refuse you?”
“It’s your right, your body, your choice. If you want to wait, I’ll wait. I told you to forget about the money.”
She had to wipe away a tear now. “It was too much. I feel so guilty.”
“So do I. My father gave me the money. I didn’t tell him why I needed it. But he knew. This weekend, while we were there, he told me he knew what I bought with it.”
“Oh, no, Ben. How will I ever face him again? And your mother - does she know?”
And he paused, thinking about this, and then he broke into a huge smile. “You’re coming down for Christmas then? Or Hanukkah – it’s sooner.”
And seconds after that she let him kiss her on the cheek. And his lips brushed close to her ear and he said the words, finally, that he’d never said out loud. “I love you.”
They drew apart and she just looked at him. Guilt, love, humiliation. It was all there in her big grey eyes. She shifted the weight of her bag on her shoulder, and said, “It's bloody cold out here.”
“Is that code for ‘take me home, Ben?’”
She nodded and they walked towards the car. 
She asked him for the car keys. He looked for them – patted his pockets. He couldn’t find them. “Did I give them to you?”
“No. But you should. You’re too drunk to drive.”
“I’m not. I’m just a bit… forgetful…” He kept searching his pockets for the keys. 
She walked towards the car and opened the door. She leaned in and found the keys. Then she turned back to him and waved them at him. “You’re drunk.”
“Maybe a little bit.”
“And I’m scared,” she admitted. 
“We can sign up with the therapists in the morning,” he said. 
“Give me the keys,” she said.  “I’m driving.”
 “No,” he said and lurched past her and sat down in the driver’s seat. She stood there looking at him, trying to decide what to do.  She shook her head. “If you want me to come home with you Ben, you have to cooperate.”
So he agreed to let her drive. He got out and went round to the passenger side. Got in and tried to fasten his seatbelt. Three attempts and it was in. 
She was nervous starting the unfamiliar car. But it was surprisingly easy to drive. Smooth and responsive – a joy to take along the almost empty London street. She only made one mistake, and that was because the streets were so empty. She changed lanes without looking. 
A horn blared behind them, and Layla gasped. Ben had to pull the wheel down hard to keep them from hitting the car - a four wheel drive that she hadn’t seen. It worked, but it sent them veering into the middle of the road. Another resounding blare on the horn. The driver behind them was very angry that she’d swerved right in front of him. Layla, panicking now because of the near miss, put her foot on the accelerator. Hoping to leave her mistakes behind. 
Then another sound. The familiar chirrup of a police car, lurking in a side road. It pulled away from the kerb, sped up and joined the fray. 
“Oh, no,” Layla murmured. “What do I do?”
“Pull over,” said Ben. 
“No. I can’t.”
“Pull over,” Ben insisted. “We don’t have a choice.”

They sat in the car feeling stupid. The policeman leaned in at the window and asked Layla if she’d been drinking. 
Ben leaned across, “No. I was drinking. Not her. That’s why she was driving.”
The policeman made her do a test anyway. She had to talk into a little device that measured alcohol on her breath. The cop seemed surprised when nothing showed up. “Still need to see your licence, love.”
She shook her head. “I don’t have it. Sorry. I’m not from round here, I left it at my flat in Bethnal.”
Which was a lie. There was nothing left in the flat in Bethnal. 
“Bethnal Green?” said the policeman. 
Ben scowled. “Is there any other kind of Bethnal in London? Bethnal Blue, perhaps. Or Bethnal Black? She doesn’t live there anymore, anyway. She lives with me. Two streets from here.”
Bad move. The cop looked at Layla, who was gripping the steering wheel as if she was still driving – staring straight ahead like she was concentrating hard. “How old are you, love?”
“Eighteen.”
“And what are you doing with him?”
“He’s my boyfriend.”
“Is he?”
She nodded. And Ben gave her a tipsy but grateful smile. 
“And you’re driving him home because he’s had too many?”
She nodded. 
“Kind-hearted of you,” said the cop, taking a rather cynical tone. “And stupid. Because you don’t have a licence, do you?”
“No. Not yet.” She bit her lip. 
And Ben felt bad because he knew she’d been looking forward to passing her test. He sighed. “Look. Please. It was entirely my fault. I’d be driving if she hadn’t offered.”
“And you’d be losing your licence, sir, I can assure you.” 
Yes, he would, and all three of them knew it. The fumes from Ben’s breath were a total giveaway. Layla looked at him now, and he looked down, unable to meet her gaze. She’d saved him. At the expense of her own reputation. 
“Can you get out of the vehicle, please?” said the policeman. 
Ben sighed again and released the door catch. “This is ridiculous.” But he got out, and Layla did the same. 
“Lock it up,” said the policeman. “You won’t be needing it tonight.”
“I can’t leave it here,” said Ben. “It’s a clearway from seven a.m.”
“Well, you’ll have to come and get it at six-forty-five, then, won’t you?” said the cop, unsympathetically. “Or get someone else to come and get it for you. Someone with a valid licence. Someone who hasn’t drunk their body weight in whisky and coke.”
Ben felt a surge of irritation, mainly because he didn’t want to face the truth. “Alright. You win, officer. We’ll leave the car.”
The officer sniffed. “Good decision. By the way, your flies are undone.”
Ben sighed, and did them up. On the first attempt. The cold air was working. 
Layla locked the car, and the policeman took the keys. Then he looked at her and seemed to feel a sense of pity. “Leave the car and walk home,” he told her. “Take him with you if you want to. Though I’m not sure why you would, coz he seems like a tosser to me.”
She was confused. She looked up at the cop and said, “Am I still in trouble?”
“Go home. I didn’t see you.” He gave her back the keys. “Don’t you get back in that car though. Or I’ll come after you.”
“Thank you,” she murmured – she looked so grateful to get a second chance. She pocketed the keys. Then she went and took Ben’s hand – like a rush of generous loyalty had swept over her because someone had been kind to her. “Come on. We can ask Mrs Watts from next door to come and help us get the car. She’s always up early.”
They walked home through the leafy streets, holding hands, saying almost nothing. The conversation with the cop seemed to have a sobering effect on both of them. He couldn’t gauge what she was feeling, exactly, but she held his hand and that was all that mattered. 
When they got back inside the flat he sat down heavily on the couch and put his head in his hands, while she did what she always did. She tidied away the empties. The glasses, the whisky bottle, the crumpled cigarette packets. She picked them all up and threw them away. Then she came back with a bottle of something that was supposed to smell like wild orchids and sprayed the glass surface where the evidence of his crimes had been. 
And he looked up, suddenly, and said. “I have to give up the booze as well as the cigarettes, don’t I?”
She nodded. “If you can, Ben. If you can.”
Cheating
The next night was different. Layla got ready for bed as usual – wearing one of his shirts, like she always did. She brushed her teeth and put scented moisturiser on her face. When she came back to the bedroom, he was sitting on the bed, waiting for her. He glanced up with that hungry-like-a-wolf look on his face. She looked through to the lounge and saw that he hadn’t even bothered putting his pillow and single duvet out on the couch tonight. 
“Come here,” he said, stretching out a hand for her.
She shook her head. “No...” 
“What if I could give you pleasure without going the whole way. How would that be?”
“What?”
“Pleasure without penetration. I’m sure you get the idea.”
Pleasure without penetration. Oh, God. A kind of shiver of longing mixed with fear went through her. “I think that would be cheating.”
“Cheating?” he said, amused by her choice of word. 
She stood there, feeling very vulnerable. He would think she was very young and naïve if she tried to tell him what she really meant. She tried not to think about what Ben had in mind. Kissing, touching, doing things with his smooth doctor fingers that she was terrified she might like a little too much. 
“How is it cheating?” he insisted. “If we don’t have sex, you’re still a virgin, right?”
“Yes, but…it will change me, won’t it?”
“You think if I give you an orgasm, you’ll be changed?” He laughed. “What – forever? Well. I’ve never heard that one before. It does put me under a certain amount of pressure, I suppose. To deliver a life-changing experience. But I’d be willing to give it a go. If you’ll let me?”
She wondered if she could go back in the bathroom and lock the door. Spend the night in there. “I told you. I need time.”
“Okay. It was just a suggestion. You can have all the time you want.” He sighed and got up off the bed and opened the cupboard where they kept the pillow and the single duvet. He held them for a moment, staring at them. Then he shoved them back into the dark cupboard in frustration. “Look. If I promise not to touch you, can I sleep in here like I did the other night? 
She hesitated. It hadn’t been easy the other night. It hadn’t worked out well. And tonight would be harder. 
He took a step towards her, and his dark eyes seemed to plead with her. “It’s killing me sleeping on the couch. I need a decent night’s sleep. We both do.”
“Okay,” she said. 
“Thanks.”
So they lay down in the bed together, side by side. He put his hands behind his head and stared at the ceiling. Just like yesterday. And she lay there feeling like she was committing some kind of crime, her emotions jangling and her heartbeat jittery inside her. 
“Are you okay?” he said, still looking at the ceiling.
“No, not really.”
“You’re scared.”
“Shitless,” she admitted. 
So then he turned towards her, lying on his side. “This is how it works, okay? This is how normal people do it. If you think I’m getting too fresh, you tell me. And then I have to stop. That’s how it goes – the guy gets ideas, but the girl can always say no. If the guy’s a decent person – he honours her right to say no. He wants her heart as well as her body. And he’s hoping that ‘no’ might really mean ‘not yet’. Which is a much better answer. You understand, Layla? You can always say no, or not yet. Because this is the real world, and it’s not like the Fizz Club, you see?”
She thought about all of that. Slowly, giving herself time to think. Then she looked up and caught the hope burning in his dark eyes. “I see.”
He glanced down – eyelashes doing a slow, flirtatious descent towards the bedclothes. Then he looked up at her again. “Of course, if you say yes, you will catapult me into heaven, but it is your right to say no. Always.”
She almost giggled. “Catapult you into heaven? The things you say!”
“You’ll get used to me.”
She didn’t think she ever would – there was something about Ben that always seemed to make her catch her breath and gaze at him in surprise and admiration. “I’m sorry about tonight, but I think I have to say not yet.”
And he smiled. “That’s progress.” 
“I’m really, really sorry.” 
“Don’t be. Goodnight, baby.” He rolled over and pulled the sheet up over his shoulder. 
She acknowledged in the quiet privacy of her heart, that she felt both guilty and a little disappointed. She rolled over onto her side, and tried to relax – which was about as easy as lying on a bed of broken glass. But somehow, she forced herself to set aside her hopes and fears. And they went to sleep. 
But in the dark of the night, she woke and lay there with her heart thundering, just like before. She tried to ground herself – to shake off the fear. She was in Ben’s bed. Where she wanted to be. Safe and warm with Ben beside her. His breathing was steady and relaxed. She was sure he must be sleeping – which is why it caught her like a scary scene in a movie when he put his arm over her.
She stifled a cry of surprise. “Ben! I thought you were asleep.”
“Hey – I didn’t mean to scare you.” He pulled her close, kissed her face tenderly like she was a child who had woken from a bad dream. “It’s okay, Layla.”
As the trembling subsided, it was replaced with another feeling. A more persistent one. 
He kept holding her – in an embrace that was more about affection than sex. He didn’t try anything. No accidental brushing up against her breasts, nothing. And then, after a while, he kissed her forehead and let her go, and settled back down to get some more sleep. 
But the feeling inside her was more than persistent now. It was a voice that couldn’t be ignored. A realization that slammed into her – like her heart kept beating inside her ribcage as if she was nothing more than a frightened bird. 
“Ben?” she whispered.
“Yes?”
“What was it you said when we were getting ready for bed? About not going all the way…”
There was a silence and then his breath came out in a kind of shivery sigh. “Come here. I’ll show you.”
He kissed her for a long time. Slow and tender. He ran his left hand down over her body, letting it rest on the curve of her breast - through the shirt. Then he stopped kissing her, and that was the scariest moment. Because he moved down to where the curved edge of his shirt lay across her thighs. And she knew he was going to move it. 
She didn’t want to be scared. She wanted to enjoy it. But as he slid his hand under the edge of the shirt, she was struggling to hold on to her composure. 
“N-no…”
“Okay. No.” His voice barely concealed his disappointment, but he removed his hand, and put it up to her face instead. He gazed down at her and sighed. Kissed her forehead, very gently. 
She felt so bad. “Tomorrow night, maybe?”
“Maybe,” he said, sounding kinder now. 
“Or the night after.”
“The night after tomorrow, I’ll be in Honolulu.”
Oh, yes. The medical conference. She had forgotten. They’d talked about it at the weekend. But in all this angst they’d been having, she had forgotten about it. Three days and nights without him. 
“Maybe that’s for the best," she said. 
He rolled over again and sighed. "Maybe."
There was a pause. 
“Ben. Come back. I’ve changed my mind.”
And he made a strange sound – not exactly a laugh, but something like it. “Yes. I’m definitely in bed with a woman.”
And, then, gently, patiently, he began all over again.
Pleasure
He had her where he wanted her now, lying on her back on the bed. He’d even got her to relax and let her lovely legs fall open a little bit. He was right there now, between them, lowering his head to kiss her. When his tongue hit her body he felt a tremor go through her. 
“Oh, Ben…” 
He sighed too – this time a sigh of enjoyment – then he held her legs to stop her trembling and plunged in, letting his tongue glide over all the secrets she had tried to hide from him. Oh, she was so sweet. And he loved doing this, licking and tasting, even though he knew he was taking her to the very edge of her fear. This deep, intimate kissing was a kind of delight she couldn’t shy away from. He wouldn't let her, and she didn’t seem to want to. Not now. He kept tight hold of her legs and licked some more. She moaned and he was glad to hear nothing in that soft sound that could possibly be construed as a ‘no’. 
Ah, Layla. I’m going to get you, he thought, as she responded to him. She pushed and pressed her body against him, despite her fear. Yes, you like it. I know you like it. Hunger and lust. Wanting and yearning. All channelled into this – his tongue sliding, gliding over her. Tonight, tonight. I’ll reach in and bite your heart, baby. Hardly daring to believe she was letting him do this to her, he went all out before she changed her mind again. He plunged in, tasting the heat of her body and the slick wetness of her desire for him. It almost drove him crazy, and he doubted his ability to keep his own lust in check. He felt a wild impulse to leave this and give her the real deal, but he had promised, and he was a man of his word. So he gave her his tongue and kept the secret of his rock-hard erection to himself. 
She arched on the bed, and he knew he had her. Just a few more strokes, baby, and I'll get you there. 
“Oh, you bastard! To make me feel like this. Oh, Ben…Oh, God…Oh, please…”
Her sentiments weren’t quite what he was expecting, but then, she was full of surprises. He took her over the edge with relentless strokes of his tongue and a refusal to give up even when she started screaming. She threw her arms out across the bed and gave herself up to him. Warm wet strokes of pleasure and she was sobbing, shaking. When the sound subsided, he knew it was safe to stop. He raised his head and looked at her. Flushed, shaking, fists clenched in the sheets. 
He felt almost guilty, until he saw that her eyes were shining. 
Yeah. He had changed her. Forever. 
*   *   *
Mr. Birch stood in the public bar at the Fizz Club looking at a framed photograph on the wall. A row of girls – about five of them – all in fishnets. And top hats. And not a lot else. One of them was Tara Gilbert. Going back a few years, now.  
Mr Birch stared at the face in the photo. Yes, she was passably pretty – before the drugs put an end to all that. But the daughter, now she was the real prize. A lotus flower – a perfect bloom that rises out of the mud every once in a while. And she was a strong-willed little thing too, underneath the shyness. Mr. Birch marvelled that Layla’s attitude to drugs almost perfectly matched his own. Like him, she’d resolved early to avoid the heady delights of substance abuse. Like him, she’d recognised that if she didn’t do the drugs, then the dealers couldn’t control her – except by threats and fear. Like him, she could go places. You could always go places, if you had that strength of character. 
That’s how she’s evaded us for so long. He smiled, thinking of her playing the doctor’s wife in Richmond. He could understand that, for he too liked the good life. He too enjoyed beautiful things. “He’s had her fun with her now. She’s one of us. She belongs here.” 
“What’s that Mr Birch?” Jimmy – who’d worked for Birch a long time – was helping himself to a free drink and a packet of peanuts from behind the bar. 
Mr. Birch smiled. “It’s time we made a social call, Jimmy. Other side of the river. I’ve an itch I want to scratch. In Richmond Park.”
Honolulu
Ben wasn’t looking forward to the medical conference in Honolulu. Three days listening to dull presentations about vaccine effectiveness and common skin disorders didn’t appeal one tiny little bit. He’d rather be here with Layla. She was so close to trusting him now. It tantalised him, teased him and encouraged him. The thought of getting even closer. 
He looked at the red plastic travel wallet lying on the kitchen bench. “I wish you were coming with me.” He’d love to share his hotel room with her at night and maybe sneak out of the boring presentations to go and take a dip with her in the hotel pool. 
She shook her head. “You know I can’t go.”
There was a problem. She didn’t have a passport. And there wasn’t time to get one, not before the weekend.
“We could pay for an urgent one,” he said. “I could say it’s a medical necessity that you accompany me to Honolulu.”
She laughed. “No. It’s only for three days. You go. It’ll be good to have a break from each other.”
He didn’t like the sound of that, either. He didn’t want a break. “Layla? Everything’s okay, isn’t it?”
“More or less,” she said, with shadows of doubt in her grey eyes. 
“I won’t drink anything in Honolulu. I swear.”
“I believe you,” she said. “Thousands wouldn’t.”
He thought about other conferences he’d been to – and saw flashbacks of himself alone with the hotel minibar, working his way towards a colossal hangover. He had a strong premonition that he ought to cancel his plans and stay at home. “Will you be alright here, on your own?”
“Yes. I’ve got my new job to go to, haven’t I? I’m at the flower shop all day Saturday.”
“Oh, yes. That’s right. Your first full day,” he smiled, and touched her arm. “I hope it goes well.”
“It will. It’s lovely in there.” 
That gave him some hope. She loved the life here – the flower shop, the flat, the comfy bed and the sofa, the afternoon walks in Richmond park. It was only him that was causing her to have doubts. 
“Layla. I’ll change. I’ll be everything you want me to be.”
She smiled and she kissed him. “I love you, Ben. I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”
No, she’d be somewhere much worse. It made him insecure, thinking that she hadn’t had much choice.
“I don’t want to go,” he said, suddenly. “I don’t want to leave you here on your own.”
“I’ll be fine. And when you get back it’ll be like a brand new start. For both of us.”
He hoped so. He certainly hoped so. 
She went to the wardrobe and pulled out a sleek black case on wheels and an empty suit bag. “Come on,” she said. “Let’s get your suitcase packed.” 

*  *  *

It was an eighteen-hour flight to Hawaii, touching down just once in Seattle. 
Ben passed through customs at Honolulu International Airport without incident and took a taxi to the hotel.  The warm breeze came in through the driver’s open window, refreshing after the cramp-inducing long-haul flight. The room at the hotel was quite nice – decorated in masculine shades of brown and black, with crisp white sheets and a view of the hotel pool. Ben went to the window and gazed out at the blue water and tried not to think about Layla in a bikini. 
He turned back to the bed, where he had jettisoned his luggage and his jacket. It was hot. Eighty in the shade – or in Celsius, around twenty-eight degrees. It was very different from the bleak December day he had left behind in London. He had been to Hawaii before, but the heat bouncing off white stucco and the waving shadows of the palm fronds always came as a surprise. He took off his tie, it was too hot to wear a tie. And they’d said it would be cooler in December. He was supposed to rendezvous with fellow doctors at midday – in two hours’ time – for a meet-and-greet session in the hotel lobby. With drinks. Whatever he drank – it had to have ice in it. 
Two hours. He could shower. He could watch most of a movie. He could open up his conference schedule and read the bio for each one of the speakers. Sod them all.
He worked out the time difference and found that it would be ten past nine in the UK, a perfectly good time to call her. He picked up the hotel phone and called the number in Richmond, Surrey.  
It rang and rang, but she didn’t answer.

*   *   *

Layla had spent a very happy Saturday in the florist’s shop. It was busy. There were pre-Christmas functions on and people wanted corsages. There were wedding orders to fill – bouquets and buttonholes – prepped the night before and picked up all through the morning. There were impulse buys and guilty husbands and people who just wanted a bunch of cheap and cheerful to brighten up the weekend. 
After work, she walked home to Ben’s flat – she still thought of it as Ben’s flat though he’d told her she should call it home, and she didn’t have another. She got herself a plate of dinner and ate alone – feeling rather strange sitting at his little glass table, all by herself. She thought about her old life a bit, so much so that round about seven she phoned up Tracey, wanting to have a girly gossip, like they always used to. 
Tracey said she wanted to come and see her. “Can I, Layla, please? I’d love to see the set up there – and you know – see how the other half live.” 
“I dunno, Trace. It’s his flat. Maybe not.”
“Why not?”
She wasn’t sure. It seemed like she ought to ask Ben first, but she thought he’d still be flying. Maybe it was because she didn’t want her two lives to cross over, ever again. She wanted to stay in the new one, and forget the old. And yet she’d been the one to dial Tracey’s number. 
Tracey couldn’t understand it. “We used to be like sisters. I’ve still got your hair in me box of treasures. What’s the matter, Layla, don’t you think I’m good enough for Richmond or something?”
“Course you are, Trace. I’m sorry. I’m scared of messing things up with him, that’s all.”
“He’s so smitten I don’t think you could. Everyone’s talking about what they got out of him.”
Layla didn’t want to think about that. “They took too much. One day he’ll wake up and realize I wasn’t worth it. Come over. He’s got lots of CDs. We can drink his tequila and play music all night – as long as we don’t annoy the neighbours.”
So that’s what they did. Around nine p.m. they were in the tiny bathroom, trying on different shades of eye shadow. Tracey had brought round a whole selection that someone in the Rookeries had given her – said it fell off the back of a lorry. She knew it was nicked, but she was planning to sell it on at school to her friends and make a bit of pocket money. They had the music turned up loud so they could still hear it while they were in the bathroom – Ben’s bathroom had a lovely big mirror. They were laughing and joking just like they used to, singing along sometimes to the music. They didn’t hear the phone. Purring discreetly on its stand. 

*   *   *

The woman at the registration desk handed him a name badge on a lanyard that he was supposed to wear around his neck. Dr Benjamin Stein, East City Medical Centre, London. He went through to the gathering crowd of medical men in the hotel lobby. 
A young Polynesian guy with oily black curls made a beeline for him because he had nothing alcoholic in his hand. He raised a silver tray of champagne flutes for Ben to choose from. “Glass of wine, doctor?” 
“No. Heaven’s no. I’ve given it all up for love,” Ben said, and with a kind of monastic fervour he headed over to a table at the side of the room, covered with a white cloth. On it, there were ranks of drinking glasses arranged upside down and several jugs of water with ice with slices of lemon. He turned a glass the right way up and poured himself a large one. 
Three other conference delegates were loitering by the water. Two men and a woman. The woman was a veiny example of what happens to professional ladies in their forties who decide to shed every ounce of adipose fat on their bodies. Her pretzel arms and legs were carefully fake-tanned, and her eyes were huge and hungry in a creased, angular face. Her name tag said she was a thoracic surgeon. 
The two men with her were probably recovering alcoholics, Ben decided. He was reluctant to stick that label on his own forehead just yet, but he feared he was inching closer. One of the men had broken veins on a Rudolf-the-reindeer nose. My future, thought Ben, if I don’t give up, if I don’t join their ranks and stop pouring it down my throat. Lots of doctors had a problem with booze – some of them dabbled in drugs – and untold numbers struggled with depression. It was that kind of life, you needed something when the going got tough. But to have to admit that he needed to stop? It was difficult. It was part of his identity – enjoying a drink – as difficult to discard as his own name or the shape of his eyebrows. His father was a wine merchant for heaven’s sake. Fine wine had always been part of his life history, and he didn’t want it to be a thing of the past.
“Well,” said Ben, deciding to be the first to speak. “What’s in store for us in the ballroom? I’ve left my programme upstairs in my room.”
“Oh, it’s the Evolving Nature of the Physician-Patient Relationship,” said the woman, who had obviously studied ahead. And then she gave a little laugh, as if she’d said something slightly risqué.
Ben smiled. “I didn’t think it was supposed to evolve at all.”
One of the men – Dr Larry Kinsdale, his lanyard badge said – gave an impatient huff. “It’s not. Those cosy home visits and cups of tea with the patients? That’s 1950s stuff. I’m glad it’s more impersonal now. I don’t know most of my patients’ names and I wouldn’t want to, either.” 
The others heartily agreed. Ben bit his lip. 
Kinsdale looked at Ben, as if distrustful of his youth and inexperience. “You hear about some scandals, though. Horrifying stories. Some of our more impulsive colleagues can’t seem to resist a session on the consulting couch.”
Ben looked at the floor. Was it written on his badge, along with his name, he wondered? Ben Stein. Hopelessly In Love With A Patient. He looked up and smiled weakly, raising his water to his lips in the fervent hope that it had turned to vodka in his hand.
“Those scandals are very rare,” said the woman, superciliously. “What clinician in his right mind would expose himself – or herself – to an accusation of professional misconduct?”
Ben swallowed. And smiled again. Feeling very exposed indeed, all of a sudden. “Well, I don’t really know…”
“Are you married, Dr Stein?”
“Not yet.”
Larry said, “In many ways it’s safer to be married. Patients trust a married doctor. After my wife and I divorced, I kept the ring just to wear at work.”
Ben thought that sounded rather tragic. 
The second man, the one with the Rudolf nose, finally spoke. “Difficult to find the right kind of wife, isn’t it?”
The others nodded sagely, staring into their glasses of water. 
“After all,” he continued, “we only meet three types of women, most of the time.”
“Indeed,” said Larry. 
“Lady doctors,” Rudolf said, with a respectful smile at the female surgeon. “Very unattainable.”
She laughed to indicate she was flattered.
“Nurses. Barmaids, and patients. Take your pick.” Rudolf shook his head at the thought of the dilemma. 
“So which one did you choose?” said Ben, noticing that the man was wearing a wedding band. “Or is the ring for decoration?”
“I chose a nurse, of course. Though I did have a dalliance with a barmaid.”
Yes. The nose bore testimony to that, Ben thought.
“Do you have someone nice, waiting for you at home?” Rudolf enquired. 
“Yes,” Ben said. “A flower girl, from Bethnal Green.”
And the other three laughed, because they thought he was making a joke. 
Ben scowled and stared at his water. Would anyone ever take his relationship with Layla seriously? 
Why shouldn’t he have a girl like her if that’s what he wanted? He worked hard, diagnosing, prescribing and referring. Sending broken people to methadone programs,  mental health professionals, and abortion clinics. He worked long hours and it was often depressing.  He needed to come home to a girl like Layla – a girl all peachy and fresh with breasts that bounced when she ran forward to hug him – a girl who was so pleased to see him at night it practically burst out of her. A girl with a shy sparkle in her eyes and music and honey in her laughter. He wanted to sit and gaze at her while she told him about scented roses, camellias and giant peony flowers, cupping her hands to show him how big they were and raising them to her face like they were real and she could breathe in the sweetness of them. And for a moment he could close his eyes and forget about work and imagine them too – all scented and dewy and sweet just like her. 
Why shouldn’t he have that? Why did he have to find someone more appropriate? 
What was appropriate about coming home to an empty flat because your other half was working double shifts to prove she could shatter the glass ceiling? What was the point of being a pair of synchronised careers, instead of two people in love?
Of course, the sacrifices could have paved the way to great things – as Catherine used to remind him. If it was all done correctly, it would lead to professional advancement, well-deserved salary hikes, and strategic house purchases in up and coming areas.  Nice houses and grassy gardens that they were far too busy to enjoy. And later, much later, a pair of perfectly planned children they would never see – who would be raised in educationally stimulating settings (the hospital crèche) and schools of long-standing reputation (and huge fees) so that maybe, just maybe, they too might get to be doctors.
He’d met Catherine at a medical conference just like this one, and been as lonely inside the relationship as he had been before it began. It had ended in a terse discussion about the flat, and a depressing Sunday evening spent listing things they had bought together and deciding who got the salad tongs. 
Suddenly he realized he was standing alone now, in the almost empty hotel lobby. Everyone was gone. They’d all drifted into the ballroom to find a seat, and hear the opening address from the Keynote Speaker. 

*   *   *

When Tracey got home to the Rookeries, she found Mr. Birch sitting at her mother’s kitchen table. His suit was pale and impeccable. Like he’d just returned from somewhere hot. His cologne spoke of spicy salons and afternoons spent in the boudoir. “Hello, darling.”
Tracey glanced nervously at her mother, who looked all wan and worried. 
“Just tell him, Trace.”
“Tell him what?”
“Tell him where Layla’s gone.”
“Why?”
Mr Birch looked at the girl, like she was demonstrating the symptoms of a rare disease. A disease called innocent curiosity. “Because it’s time Layla came home, my dear. To where she belongs. I only sold her virginity. Not her soul.”
Tracey felt perplexed. “But he paid all that money, so Layla could be free. He didn’t even want her virginity. He’s not like that, she says. He’s waiting for her…”
Mr Birch laughed. “Oh dear, oh dear. The poor altruistic doctor. Didn’t even manage to get his money’s worth. Well. That’s his problem.”
Tracey shook her head. “Leave her alone, Mr Birch. Please. She’s happy.”
Tracey’s mother gasped. “Don’t be speaking out like that, Tracey. It isn’t polite.”
Which Tracey understood to mean don’t cross Mr Birch. 
But he smiled, pleasantly. “She’s a rook, and she needs to fly home to the nest.”
Tracey’s knees felt weak, and her mother pulled out a kitchen chair and told her to sit down. 
“Once a rook. Always a rook.” Mr Birch adjusted a gold cufflink held by one of his starchy white cuffs. “Please help me out and tell me where my little rook’s gone?”
Tracey looked up at her mother. A worn, tired woman, gazing wistfully out of her kitchen window. “Go on love. Tell him. It’s no shame on you. It’s just how it is. You have to tell him.”

*   *   *

It was morning – in the sunny flat in Richmond. Layla hadn’t drunk enough Tequila to feel hung over, but she did want to sleep in because they’d been up quite late. Reminiscing and listening to music. Ben had stacks of CDs. Stuff they’d heard on the radio – old love songs from eight or ten years ago when he’d been a student and she and Trace had been barely old enough to know what love was supposed to be about. Layla thought about the age difference between her and Ben for a moment. Ten years, but it didn’t seem to matter. She was as protective of him as he was of her. He needed someone to look after him. He spent all day caring for other people and pouring out his compassion. He had told her he couldn’t bear to see children with cancer and old people dying in terrible pain and mothers so tired they didn’t notice they were getting a tumour. He dealt with that all day long and it took something from him. It would with anybody. And Ben was so… driven all the time. So keen to make everything better. She loved him. With her whole heart. And when he got back… she was going to tell him she was ready to love him with her whole body too. 
She heard the sound of the front door opening, but she snuggled down in the covers. Relax, she thought. It’s only Rakshima. 

*   *   *

Ben went upstairs to his hotel bedroom after a headache-inducing array of papers, including Personalizing Palliative Care and Management of Deep Vein Thrombosis. The mini-bar beckoned. Spoke his name, almost, as he passed. He stared at it, the small squat little fridge – which when opened – would be a magical doorway to a better place. A place full of friends with familiar names like Smirnoff and Budweiser and Jack Daniels. 
He sighed and went and had a long shower. He turned the hotel telly on and marvelled at the saturation frequency of ads on American television. He checked his conference schedule for tomorrow and booked a wakeup call. Jet lag was the only thing that had ever caused him to sleep through an alarm. Actually, it might have been cognac. 
Then he got into a bed so starchy and crisp it was like sleeping inside a paper envelope. And he tried hard to think of anything but Layla. And eventually he fell asleep. 

*   *   *

Layla could smell the scent of Rakshima’s clothes – and that should have been reassuring. But there was something else. Footsteps. Rakshima catching a breath like she was scared. Layla sat up, suddenly. And saw movement through the crack in the door. And then heard Rakshima stifling a sob. “Please, no.”
Layla jumped up out of bed. And saw that one of the men had Rakshima, he had his huge tattooed hand over her mouth. Her wild brown eyes looked at Layla from over the top of his fingers. 
It was them. Birch’s bully boys. No mistaking them. 

*   *   *

The wakeup call seemed to come in the middle of the night. When Ben checked his watch he realized it was the middle of the night. He picked up the phone, ready to exchange some rather crisp sentiments with whatever idiot in reception had programmed the call for the wrong time. 
He’d be rather British about it, and they’d be all effusive and American. Then maybe he could roll over and get another few hours of sleep. Which he certainly needed. He had to give a paper himself this afternoon. Vitamin Deficiency in Children from Inner City Areas. Gripping stuff. 
But the voice on the phone was British. Very different from Ben’s voice, of course. “Aloha, doctor. Having a nice time in Hawaii?”
“Who is this?”
“My name’s Birch. You can call me Mr Birch. I believe we’ve had the pleasure of doing business before.”
Ben’s heart sank.
No Return
Birch told him to stay put in Hawaii and organize to send the money within forty-eight hours. 
Ben didn’t like that idea.
Birch said Layla was perfectly safe. And reasonably happy. He thought she’d been missing her friends.
Ben didn’t believe that. He didn’t believe that at all. 
Birch said that a dear friend of his was taking care of her. Jimmy Warren. She was in good hands. 
Ben almost wanted to vomit. His stomach clenched and he turned his head.
Birch said if Ben couldn’t pay, there were others who would. And perhaps that was only fair, because a little bird had told him that Layla hadn’t provided satisfaction. Or was it the other way around?
Ben willed himself not to get angry – not to start swearing into the phone – it would do no good, and it might do a great deal of harm. First do no harm. Ben grabbed hold of the time-honoured principle and held fast to it, to get through the call. “Forty-eight hours, you say?”
“Yes. Don’t try anything, Doctor. Just send the money and don’t be a hero.”
Ben put down the phone and rose to his feet. After that it was a smooth, seamless sequence of events. No need for thought. No need for explanations. All decisions were already made. 
He looked at the papers spread out over the bed. And he knew that he wasn’t giving a speech today. His name would be called and he wouldn’t be there. People would frown and wonder why, and then go off  in search of another coffee. 
No need to pack. Luggage would slow him down. He only needed his coat and his wallet.
He paid his hotel bill and refused to be drawn into any discussion about why he was leaving. “Any message for the conference convenor?”
Ben shook his head. “An emergency.”
As he headed for the sliding glass doors, his taxi swung in over the curved piece of tarmac right outside the hotel and Ben walked out to meet it. 
“What time’s your flight?” said the driver. 
Ben shrugged. Planes left Honolulu all the time. He’d be on the next one. “Just get me to airport.”
He had to pay a premium, of course. But the best things in life come at great cost, and that had always been how it was over Layla. He felt no resentment, paying double for a dreadful economy seat. 
He took his place in the middle row. Between a heavily-pregnant woman who must surely have lied about her dates, and a couple who spoke no English at all. Refusing all offers – food, wine, and conversation – accepting only water and a set of headphones – Ben endured the long flight home to England. 
*   *   *
The eighteen hour flight had given him plenty of time to think out his exact strategy. He wasn’t storming into the Fizz Club. Not this time.
He’d seen the name ‘Warren’ before. On a beige manila file at the medical centre. 
So he went there. 
Sal looked up when he came in, like she was seeing a ghostly apparition. “Aren’t you supposed to be in Hawaii?”
“Personal crisis,” he murmured. And used his swipe card to get into the reception area. 
This time – no lies, no excuses – just turned on the computer and swung it to face him. He tried to enter the database and look for Warren but it kept flashing the words: Access Denied. Access Denied.
He sighed. “It’s not working. It won’t let me in.” 
“Of course not,” Sal said. “It’s password protected. To keep people like you out. Look Ben, there’s something I need to tell you.”
“When was the password added?”
“While you were away. Look, Ben, you’re in a spot a bother…”
“Yes I am. And I need you to put the password in. Now.”
“What?”
“Put the fucking password in, Sal.”
She stared at him like he’d lost his mind. But the determination in his dark eyes was potent, and compelled her to comply. She leaned down to type the password in. “Fiona’ll kill me.”
Ben tapped through a few entries, looking for Jimmy Warren. Nothing.  He was still searching when Fiona and the clinic director rounded the corner.
“Oh, shit…” murmured Sal. 
“Dr Stein?” 
Ben looked up, and caught the unpleasant look on the face of  the clinic director. “Jonathan?”
“This is a surprise,” the older man said. 
“Why?” said Ben.  “I work here.” 
“Yes…” said Jonathan. “For the moment. Sally – what information has he asked for?”
Sally looked harrowed. “Um… a patient’s contact details. Sorry. Maybe I should have said no.”
“Yes, you should have said no,” said Jonathan, tersely.
That’s when Ben sensed the atmosphere. Fiona and Jonathan and Sal. They all knew. All three of them. Sal’s eyes showed pity, sympathy. She’d always seemed to like him. But the other two were hostile. And they had what people always call ‘grave faces’. 
Sal broke the silence first. “Ben doesn’t know what’s going on. He’s just walked in. I haven’t had a chance to ask him.”
“Ask me what?” said Ben. 
She glanced nervously at Jonathan, who answered for her. “To attend a meeting with me and the other doctors.”
Ben sighed. “I’m on leave. And, in theory, I’m still in Hawaii. I’m in the middle of a crisis and I’m too damn busy for a doctors’ meeting.”
Jonathan’s mouth kept setting into a hard line. But it broke now. “Dr Stein. I cannot explain the details with patients listening to us. That would be most inappropriate.” He glanced out into the waiting room where the usual array of coughs and colds were sitting. Then lowered his voice. “I need to speak to you about a crisis of a different kind.”
“Or possibly the same crisis,” said Fiona, darkly. And smiled a little smile.
The Meeting
Jonathan led Ben into his office and told him to sit down, while Fiona went to get the other doctors. 
Ben swallowed. Refusing to meet Jonathan’s eye. This was unprecedented – asking the doctors to abandon their consulting rooms during busy clinic hours. Precious minutes would be lost, patients would continue to arrive, the waiting room would be full to overflowing. 
Ravi and Dmitri arrived. Glancing at each other. Deferential, but smug. Like boarding school prefects in the know. 
Jonathan sat down in his leather chair and pushed aside some papers that were screening something in the top of his in-tray. Fiona went over to stand beside him, like she was his second in a duel. 
“Oh, it’s alright Fee. You can leave us now.”  
Ben could see that Fiona didn’t like that, but she had no choice but to do as she was told. She left the room noiselessly, leaving the door ever so slightly ajar. 
“I’m sure you know what this is about.” Jonathan began. The others nodded. “As I’m sure you do, Benjamin?” 
Ben sighed. Shook his head. Not in denial, exactly. Just waiting for the storm to break. 
Jonathan laid a patient’s file down in front of Ben. 
Layla Gilbert. His patient, Layla Gilbert. Ben looked at it, lying there on the desk. There was a long silence. The other two doctors stood, uneasily, over by the wall. Ravi folded his arms. 
Jonathan began. “Is Layla Gilbert your personal crisis?”
Ben couldn’t answer. He just stared at Layla’s file. 
Ravi came forward and spoke to Ben. “You can’t deny it. She was the girl you took to the Charity dinner, right? I met her. I shook her hand.” 
Ben looked up, confused. “I know. But I asked her to change doctor, before we got involved.”
“No, you didn’t.” Jonathan tapped the name into his own computer, and then swung the screen round so that Ben could see for himself. “Look. Patient’s name: Layla Gilbert. General Practitioner: Benjamin Stein.”
Ben paused, and stared. He couldn’t quite take it in. “I don’t understand. She transferred. She requested another doctor. I asked her to.”
Ravi sighed. “She’s registered as one of your patients, Ben.”
“She can’t be. I saw her sign the paperwork. I dropped off the form here myself.”
“There isn’t any paperwork. There’s nothing in the file about changing to another doctor. Not that you could get out of this as easily as that. The General Medical Council takes a dim view of situations like these. Even former patients are off limits in most cases. And she’s listed here, and here, as your current patient, Ben.”
Ben stared in disbelief at the file. “Christ.”
Jonathan, the senior doctor spoke. “According to her file you’ve seen her twice, here at the clinic. Presumably, you’ve seen a quite a bit more of her, off the premises, is that right?”
That rankled. It had begun. The innuendo. The accusations. The recriminations. The laughter in the corridors. The letter from the medical council… Ben rose to his feet. “I haven’t got time for this.”
“Sit down!” Jonathan barked. “You’ll have to make time. For me. For the GMC, and for a disciplinary hearing.”
“I haven’t done anything wrong.”
Jonathan gave Ben a hostile stare. “Why is there no trace of this form? And do you imagine, even if we found it, that you’d be off the hook?”
Ben was in agony now. “Look. I don’t expect you to understand my relationship with Layla, but−”
“Relationship? Relationship? There can be no equal relationship born in the surgery or consulting room. It’s exploitative, unethical, and wrong.”
“I’m not exploiting her. I’m in love with her. And there’s nothing wrong with falling in love.”
“Oh, God, Ben. That’s what they all say. The middle-aged psychiatrists and the university doctors with wives and kids waiting at home. They all claim to have been in love. That’s a pathetic defence.”
“I don’t care what you think.”
“You will care. At the tribunal. You took advantage of a young and vulnerable patient. And she’ll say it too when the affair’s over. That’s what always happens when it ends. The whole sorry thing gets dragged through disciplinary hearings and into the morning papers. And everyone has a good laugh at Doctor Idiot who swears blind that it was consensual and he really, really loved her. Unless he’s fool enough to pretend his stethoscope slipped and she misconstrued his intentions. Benjamin! What the hell were you thinking?”
That I’d rather lose my career than lose the chance to be with her. 
Ben didn’t say it, though.  He stood there, like he was back at prep school in the headmaster’s study. And if caning was still legal. He’d be getting it. 
Jonathan sighed. “This is a prime example of how transference can occur in a primary care setting.” He glanced around at his colleagues to make sure they knew he was exuding superior wisdom now. “Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Transference?” said Ben. “What the fuck?”
“Ben, you were a brilliant scholar. You must have come across transference before. The poor girl thinks you’re God and Daddy and James Bond all rolled into one. Confuses you with every other authority figure in her life. And of course, she’s too young and naïve to know what’s really going on. And when she finds out you’re just a man – a pathetic, mixed-up excuse for a man who doesn’t have a clue how to solve any of her problems, then what do you think is going to happen? It’ll turn sour and the dream will be over. Wake up, Ben. You’re acting like a fool.”
And somehow, that was the thing that caused Ben to lose it, completely – hearing Jonathan insulting his own and Layla’s intelligence. Like everyone did. 
He rounded on him, savagely. “You slander her. She understands things that you’ll never understand. She’s an intelligent girl and she knows I’m a flesh and blood man with plenty of flaws – some of them likely to be fatal. But she is the only woman I’ve ever met who has accepted me, flaws and all. And maybe she doesn’t know what the fuck transference is –  I’m not sure I do – but who cares? It’s nothing but a cock-and-bull idea that’s floated around for a hundred years since Freud came up with it in a haze of cigar smoke  in Vienna. I will not have the ghost of Dr Freud telling me that the girl I love can’t tell the difference between me and her father. Christ, Jonathan. You haven’t met Layla. If she was here now she’d tell you what to do with your manky old psycho-babble!”
And Jonathan sat there in his chair with his mouth open like a goldfish.
So Ben didn’t stop. He let rip, in a voice loud enough for the entire waiting room to hear. “We flatter ourselves that our female patients think we’re Gods. They’re smarter than that, Jonathan. They know what we are. We’re just ordinary men. Set in our ways. Predictable in our passions. And full of self-important shit about our place in the world as doctors. We’re not holy healers, Jonathan. We’re just men. Some of us are good men, some of the time. And some of us are not. It’s a standing joke that we make bad husbands, inattentive fathers and we’re usually too damn tired to fuck.” He looked at Jonathan, savagely. “Don’t you think your wife would agree with me?”
Jonathan blanched. “Have you been talking to my wife, you son of a−”
“No, Jonathan. I have not been talking to your wife,” Ben yelled. “I’ve been far too busy trying to get Layla to sleep with me!”
The door of Jonathan’s consulting room was standing ajar. Sally and Fiona were outside in the corridor, practically wetting themselves. They stood, staring at each other, wanting to hear this – and worried that the patients in the waiting room were listening too. Fiona turned her head and peered through the archway and into the waiting room – you could have heard a pin drop out there today. Thirty-eight people  –  attentive as would-be astronauts before the selection committee. Sally covered her mouth with her hand. 
Ben needed to get out of the clinic and find out what had happened to Layla. “I’m not listening to any more of your bullshit, Jonathan. I’ve got work to do.”
“Not here. You’re on leave – as of today.”
“Good. I need every second of my time, to look for Layla. She’s been kidnapped.”
“Kidnapped?” Jonathan repeated. “Kidnapped?”
But there was no time to explain that now. Ben stormed out of the meeting. He ignored Sal and Fiona, and went into his consulting room to get any personal possessions he had left there. 
It had finally happened. He was suspended. 
He’d left very little of himself in consulting room three. No photographs. No personal mementos. Nothing, really. Only the post-it note that said ‘I love you, too’ stuck to the top of the computer. He took it and put it in his wallet. He looked in the top drawer to see if there was anything else, and on impulse he took his prescription pad with him. He tucked it into the pocket of his black coat and stalked out of the building. 

*   *   *

Ben drove like a madman to the prison where Layla’s father was being held. The visiting session was almost over, but Ben begged for the chance to speak with Eddy. 
The poor man was surprised to see Ben, in a blue chair, with no Layla by his side. He was almost in tears when Ben told him where she was. “They’ve got my Layla? Those bastards?  And you were pissing about in Hawaii while it was happening?”
Ben felt desperate. Just like Eddy, whose face was white and drained. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Eddy’s eyes were wide with shock. “You will be. When I get out. Oh, to hell with good behaviour!”  He stood up, fist clenched, grabbed Ben’s lapel and pulled him up too, levelling his fist up with Ben’s face. 
 The guard saw and started crossing the room towards them, reaching for his truncheon. “Everything alright?”
“Please sit down, Eddy,” breathed Ben. “We’re fine, officer, we’re fine. Eddy’s a little emotional that’s all. I’ve just told him I’m going to marry his daughter. Isn’t that right?”
Eddy stared. And nodded. Forced a smile, even. And sat down opposite Ben. 
“Congratulations,” the guard said, cynically. And then he went away.
Ben leaned forward. Begging Eddy to cooperate. “I love her. I’ll do anything for her. I’ve already lost my job for her, most likely. And I promised her I’d protect her. So I need you to tell me where to find Jimmy Warren.”
“I don’t know! I’m out of the loop now. I never did like Birch and his backroom boys.”
“But you were part of his gang, weren’t you?”
“No. Who told you that?”
“Well, I just assumed…” Ben was surprised. Confused. 
“I had a flower stall. In the market, sonny. Mr Birch was supposed to be ‘protecting’ me. Instead he fitted me up for armed robbery.”
“Oh, Eddy. I’m sorry.”
“Not half as sorry as I am.”
There was a pause. But Ben was getting desperate. “You must know some names. If you don’t know then tell me who to ask. I’ll go to them directly and make them talk. I have to find her, and I have to do it fast.”
“Nobody’ll tell you. Not if they work for Birch. They don’t give a shit about you and your so-called love affair with Layla. Why should they?” Then Eddy’s face crumpled. “How come they imagine she’s untouched, if you know what I mean?”
“She wanted time. She wanted to wait. I honoured that.”
“You poor stupid fool. And Poor Layla. She’ll be wishing and wishing you’d done it - after what they do to her.”
Ben couldn’t bear to think about it. “She wasn’t ready. She was only eighteen.”
“I’ve seen this happen to girls of twelve.”
Ben swallowed. “No.”
“But she was tough, my Layla. And my wife Tara, she protected her too, while she could.” 
The bell rang signalling that visiting time was almost over. 
Ben was desperate. “Tell me who to go to, and I’ll get her back, I swear.”
“I don’t know. None of them will talk to you, doctor. You’ve gotta have some kind of leverage.”
“They’ll talk, Eddy. Just give me a name. I’ll do the rest. I’ll get the necessary leverage.”
Eddy looked like he was terrified of uttering a name. And Ben neither knew nor cared why, he just had to get the information out of him, before the final bell rang. “Please! For Layla’s sake.”
“Okay. Try Glenn. Glenn Hallam. Very young when I knew him. But even then he was a loose cannon. You might get something from him. If he’s not too stoned to answer the door.”
“Glenn Hallam. Does he live at the Rookeries?”
“Yeah. He’s a pusher. If he hasn’t gone up in the world.”
The last bell rang, and all around them, visitor and prisoners got up and said their goodbyes. Ben got up too. “Thank you, Mr. Gilbert. I won’t let you down.”
“You already have.” The man shook his head and stood up, blue eyes all watery with tears. “And Layla. You’ve let her down, badly. And she really believed in you.”
Ben felt harrowed, hearing that. “I’ll get her back.”
“And what if they’ve already had their fun with her? Will you want her back after that?”
Ben looked at Eddy. “Yes. If she’ll have me.”
They shook hands though, firm in comradeship just for one brief moment, before Ben let go and left the room.

*   *   *

He drove like a lunatic back to London, parked near the Rookeries, and asked around until someone told him which concrete fortress Glenn Hallam occupied. 
A sniffing, blue-veined boy in a hoodie told him, for the price of a tube of glue. “Three floors up. Number 48.”
He hammered on the door until a woman in a grubby towelling bathrobe came to the door. 
Ben said, “I’m looking for Glenn Hallam. I was told he lives here.”
The woman looked at Ben, trying to work him out. “Are you with the police?” 
“No. I’m a friend.”
She stared at Ben, doubtfully. “He doesn’t have any friends that look like you.”
“Birch does. Terry Birch. Brother of Leslie. Who died a long time ago.”
That worked. That name always worked. “Blimey,” she said, pulling her robe around her as if she was cold. “Don’t go calling him Terry to his face, or he’ll shoot you. It’s Mr Birch to everyone, now.”
Ben didn’t have time to chat. “Is Mr Hallam in?”
“Y-yes…” she led Ben through to her lounge. It was identical – in size and layout – to Layla’s and Tracey’s and every other lounge in the block. 
Glenn was lying on the couch smoking something mellow and green. 
Ben explained what he wanted. What he needed to know. Where Jimmy Warren had taken Layla.
The man laughed at him. “Nah. I’m not going to grass on my mates.”
“Oh, but you will,” said Ben and reached inside his jacket for his prescription pad. “And you won’t tell anyone I asked. Because I can pay you for the information. I can pay you in drugs.”
Glenn’s face took on the look of a starving child in Africa as he gazed at Ben’s prescription pad, lying there on his dirty coffee table. “Where the fuck did you get that?”
“It belongs to me. I’m a doctor.”
The man ran his tongue over his lips, lusting after what could be got with one of those prescriptions.  “A real one?”
 “Yes. A real one. A prescribing physician.”
The man stared at the prescription pad like he couldn’t believe his luck. “What can you get?”
“You name it. Opiates, stimulants, barbiturates.” Ben got out his gold-plated pen. “What’s it to be, Glenn? Name your price.”
“Bloody Nora,” Glenn stared at him. “This has got to be a trick.”
“No trick. No trouble. No police. But I need to know where Layla is.” Ben looked at Glenn. “Come on. Think about the resale value. What’s popular on the streets? Ritalin, perhaps? Or good old Oxycodone? Christmas is coming, Glenn. Everyone will need some pain relief. If you don’t want it for yourself, you could get some for your friends.”
Birch Boys
It took only twelve minutes to drive there, once Ben knew the name of the street. 
About nine o’clock at night, Ben arrived at the place where she was being held. Ilford. The Birch family’s original territory. It was a perfectly ordinary street – small terraced houses that had once been working class cottages, now trending ever upward. Some still had their original front garden – a handkerchief-sized piece of lawn enclosed by a low brick wall – accessed by a wooden gate. Others were open to the road, with the tiny plot paved and turned into a parking space.  He put the car into a low gear and cruised slowly along the street, looking at each and every house. It was dark now, and the street lights turned all the colours into shades of coal and amber. It was no longer possible to see which house had a red front door. 
Glenn had said to look out for a house with a red door and renovations going on inside. Mr Birch had a finger in lots of pies, and one of them was property development. 
The street was long, as London streets often are. The street numbers ran from one to a hundred and ninety. But there was only one house with builders’ debris in the front garden. So Ben put his money on that one. Number twenty. Twenty thousand reasons to get her out of there – easy to remember. There was a light on in the upstairs window, glowing behind a torn curtain. 
He decided that to approach the front door was risky. Better to drive on. Ditch the car in a side road, and walk round and see if there was any kind of access at the back. These old Victorian terraces often had a narrow alley running past their back gardens. A Dickensian arrangement, encouraging theft and villainy, but it would definitely serve him tonight. He walked up the lane as silently as he could, thankful that his coat was black, and his hair was black – as long as he kept his head down, he might not attract any attention. The lane was in poor repair – as was often the way with communal territory. He bypassed broken pavement and pools of muddy water glimmering in the night light, and counted the houses silently until he reached what must be number twenty.
The garden gate wasn’t even locked. And to his relief he could see he had the right place. More builders rubble, the back garden was full of it. A slippery mound of rain-soaked debris obscured his view of the kitchen window – which was at once a curse and a blessing. 
He made his way carefully around it. Trying not to dislodge the slithering heap of cracked timber and corrugated iron.  Keeping his footfalls quiet. Treading on flaky material that could easily be bits of asbestos. Ben sighed. That made perfect sense too.  Mr. Birch wouldn’t be worrying about health and safety regulations when he did his renovations, would he?
He went as close as he dared to the kitchen windows, so that he could see who was there. The lights were on – and bright – inside. No nets, no curtains. And there was music playing. The kind of thumping Gangsta rap music that makes white boys feel all tough and ethnic. Two young men sat playing cards at a kitchen table in the middle of a room that had recently been stripped bare of its original fittings. The men – boys really – sat on broken kitchen chairs – almost as spindly and fragile as their own bodies. Behind them, a backdrop of mismatched paintwork and cracked tiles – all that remained of what had once been a family home. The music was coming from some kind of portable device standing on the floor – and Ben was very grateful for it. It might help to cover the sound of what he intended to do. 
He sat crouched against the brick wall under the window for a time, planning what to do. He was unarmed. He should have thought about that, but he was unprepared for any of this, in every sense of the word. He reached quietly for a lump of broken brick. He felt the weight of it in his hand, and wondered if he had enough courage to smash it into a man’s skull. He’d trained for ten years to mend people, not break them. Intracranial injuries were horrible. He didn’t want to inflict one. But all he had to do was think of those men with Layla, and he knew that he could kill them, if he had to. 
He put the lump of brick down on the back step that led up into the kitchen. And looked up. There was an old fashioned fuse box there. Locked, probably. He couldn’t risk standing up to find out. There was frosted glass in four panes in the kitchen door. If either of the guys saw movement behind it, he’d pay a high price. There were two of them, undoubtedly armed with knives at the very least. And if what he’d seen at the Fizz club was anything to go by, they might have handguns, too. 
Ben sighed. Two wannabe gangsters with baseball caps bigger than their egos. Armed and ready to fight if Mr. Birch snapped his fingers. And what did Ben have? He reached into his pocket, felt the smooth vial of liquid. Chutzpah and a hypodermic needle. Ben looked at the piece of brick. Looked up at the fuse box. He leaned his head back against the brick wall for just a moment more. The breeze was cool against his flushed cheek. He could still turn back. Give up on this fool’s mission. His feet were cold, yes, and his hands were beginning to get cold too, inside the pockets of his black cashmere coat. But his heart burned for Layla. He couldn’t sit here shivering on the back porch while she was in there with a pack of fiends from hell.  
So, he rose to his feet. He figured the lights were bright inside, and he was in darkness. The music pulsed and one of the men laughed – which sent a spasm of fear through his chest. But he was here for a purpose and there was no turning back. He tried the door of the fuse box and as predicted, it didn’t open. He slid his car key along the edge and prised up the plywood. Ancient ceramic fuses, the type he hadn’t seen since he was a child. He chose the fuse he believed might kill the power in the kitchen. He tested first – wiggling it gently, until the light in the adjacent room flickered. Heard a voice in the kitchen say, “What the fuck?”
He pushed it back in, and the lights went back on. Yes. That was the one. 
Do it. Do it, now. He removed the old ceramic fuse, and put it in his pocket. 
No sound now from inside  – except the surprise in the men’s voices because their world had gone dark. Ben grabbed his piece of brick and backed away from the porch. He went and stood with his back against the brick wall, waiting for further developments. He couldn’t believe it when he heard the men arguing about whether the  light bulb had blown, where to find one and who ought to change it. How many gangsters does it take to work out that if the stereo isn’t playing either – the power supply just died. 
“Come on,” he breathed. Psyched up to dealing with them now. 
He was lucky. One stayed inside the house fumbling with the light fittings, the other unlocked the back door and came out into the crisp winter night. He was so close that Ben could smell the cigarette ash on his breath. 
It was now, or never. Smash his skull. Smash his fucking skull. 
But it was a hard bridge to cross. Ben didn’t want to kill him – only stun him – and that was a difficult thing to judge without prior experience. The boy was young. No more than twenty – probably still a teenager like Jacob’s son. He looked up and swore when he saw that the fuse had been removed. The realisation that he’d been duped must have struck him – just before Ben did. With the brick. 
The boy keeled over sideways with his mouth open and slack, and Ben reached down and grabbed him under the armpits and hauled him further away from the house and into the debris-filled garden. 
Ben dragged him across the garden and dumped him on a pile of timber. The kid was only stunned and already beginning to moan and open his eyes. Ben had to act fast. He knelt on the boy’s chest to keep him down, and felt for weapons. Oh, yes. The hard metal barrel of a handgun. Right there in the unzipped pocket of the boy’s bomber jacket. 
Ben knew that the person with the gun controlled this situation, so that had to be him. He assumed it had some kind of safety on it, that had to be clicked back. So Ben looked and flicked what looked like it needed to be flicked. It gave an ominous click, and the boy gasped. A strong indication to Ben that the gun was now ready. Ben pressed the barrel of the gun into the soft skin of the boy’s neck. “Shut up and I won’t hurt you.”
The boy’s eyes flared in fear. He tried to swallow but Ben had the gun pressed hard against his throat. He lifted a hand to push the gun away – almost involuntarily – but Ben held his ground, hand firmly around the trigger. He shook his head. 
“Hands up,” Ben said, and grinned. He’d always wanted to say that.
The boy’s arms fell back on either side of his head like a rag doll, and he lay gasping and staring at Ben. The fear in his eyes grew greater still when Ben reached into his pocket and pulled out the syringe. The needle was loaded, like the gun. He’d thought of that. Primed and ready to put in the kid’s veins. 
“Let’s do this slowly,” said Ben. He kept the gun trained on the boy. Didn’t lose concentration. Glanced at the house. No sign of the other guy yet. “Push your sleeve back. Show me your arm.”
The boy did as he was ordered to do, but he was terrified. “What the fuck is in that thing?”
“Oh, you’ll like this. It’s the Rolls Royce of pre-operative anaesthesia.”
“No. Don’t. Please. Where’s that fucking needle been?”
The question surprised Ben. A boy so careless with his life that he ran with a gang – yet scared of a second-hand needle. “Don’t worry kiddo, this needle is a virgin.”
“I don’t want to die,” the boy said, with real terror in his eyes.
“And I don’t want to kill you. So do as I say, and maybe you’ll wake up in a better place.”
A left-handed injection wasn’t easy, but with the victim’s cooperation, it was done. Before Ben could count to three, the boy returned to slack-jawed sleep on his bed of broken timber. 
The next guy was calling out from the darkened house, unsure where his friend had gone. “Hey Trav! Travis! Wotcha doing out there?”
Ben stayed low. Waiting. He’d rather deal with each one of them out here – where he could see them come out of the door and knew if they were alone or not. 
The second boy swore, angrily. “Don’t make me put my shoes on, Trav.”
Yes, put your bloody shoes on and get out here, thought Ben, hiding Travis’s gun under the rubble and reaching for a length of heavy timber. He crept back into the last remaining shrubs by the fence – so that the first thing the boy would see was his friend, lying on the builders’ rubble. He hoped it would give him enough of the element of surprise to repeat the whole procedure with him. But this time, it was even easier. The boy was shocked by the sight of his friend’s apparently lifeless body. He knelt down and started shaking him.  “Trav. Bloody hell, Trav. Come on mate!”
And Ben could see the gun tucked into the back of the boy’s jeans as he leaned over Travis. So he merely came forward and reached out and took the gun. Like picking lint off the boy’s shoulder. 
The boy almost screamed as he turned and saw Ben. He must have been sixteen. No more. He looked with flaring eyes and saw that Ben had his gun. But all he said was, “Aren’t you meant to be in Hawaii?”
“Change of plan. How many others inside the house?” said Ben.
“My boss. That’s all.”
“Jimmy Warren?”
“Yeah.”
“What about Mr. Birch.”
“Mr. Birch?” the boy said, in surprise. “I think he’s at the Coliseum.”
“The Coliseum? Do you mean the theatre?”
“Yeah. He goes to the opera. He likes opera. That’s what I heard.”
Ben glanced back at the house. “So Jimmy’s alone in there? With my girlfriend?”
The boy nodded. “He’s upstairs with her. Told us to stay in the kitchen.”
Ben refused to think about the implications of this statement. He glanced at the house. One more assailant in there. And a loose-tongued idiot out here. “Do you want to go to sleep beside your friend?”
The boy shook his head. “No. Let me go. Please. I don’t want no trouble.”
Ben knew that pity was a dangerous emotion, but it overtook him, like it or not. “Alright. Go on. Run away from here, as far as you can get.”
“You’re letting me go?” said the kid, in confusion.
“Yes. And if you see Mr. Birch. Tell him Loverboy’s back.”
The boy didn’t stop to answer. He slithered over the pile of timber and rubble and headed for the gate that led to the alley. 
Ben waited, listening to him racing down the street, splashing through the mud in the alleyway, desperate to reach the relative safety of the well-lit street. Only when he was satisfied that the boy had gone, did he turn towards the house. And went inside to find Jimmy Warren. And Layla. 
He went through the dark kitchen and into the hall, where the light still glowed from the upper landing. He began creeping up the stairs. 
Jimmy
Jimmy Warren had worked for Mr. Birch for a very long time. He’d begun when he was fourteen and he was thirty-four now. Married, in a manner of speaking. Common-law-wife. Father of one. 
He liked this little piece, though. Layla. And she’d like him too when she got used to the idea. He was encouraging her to express her natural affection for him. Encouraging her, with the blade of his knife. She was all tear-stained and sorry for herself, of course. Hunched up on the floor, hugging her knees like a frightened child, back against the wall. 
“Come on, Layla. Take your top off. Let’s have a look.”
She shook her head. “You ain’t supposed to rape me, Jimmy. What will Mr. Birch say if you do that?”
“He won’t know. He’ll think it was the good doctor.”
“You think Mr. Birch will still get his money if you do that?”
“Mr. Birch is good at getting his money. Don’t usually matter if the deal isn’t quite so sweet for the other party.”
Jimmy crawled even closer to her, across the floorboards. And put the blade of his knife to her neck. She didn’t even flinch, which was a good sign. “You’re almost ready, aren’t you, love?”
She shook her head, but she was weak. She was tired. She was going to give it up. He was going to have her, right here on the floor. 
“Oh you were a tough little fighter, you were. But it’s all over now, sweetheart. And you’ll find out, sooner or later, that it’s easier to accept the inevitable.”
“So will you,” said a voice from the doorway.
Layla looked up with a gasp to see Ben, standing in the doorway, pointing the gun. 
At Jimmy. Who, in one reactionary movement, turned his head and saw. Instinctively, he crouched beside Layla. Forced his arm behind her back. Tried to get his torso behind hers, as far as was possible, and made sure the knife was on her throat.
Ben took a step forward. “Put the knife down, Jimmy.”
“What the fuck are you doing here? Why didn’t you just wire the money, you idiot?”
“I’ve decided not to be blackmailed anymore. Let her go.”
Layla shook her head. “No. Ben. Don’t.”
Jimmy forced Layla up to her knees – giving himself more protection – while he kept the point of the knife on her soft neck. The odds were not in his favour, but he had twenty years’ experience of situations that turned a little sour, and this clown wasn’t used to negotiations. If he was, he’d have shot from the doorway, instead of standing around having a chat. 
Then he frowned. “That’s Mark’s gun.” 
“Yes,” said Ben. “He’s having a lie down outside. I’m looking after his gun.”
“And Travis?”	
“I’ve dealt with him, too.”
Jimmy began to feel a tiny bit scared. A feeling he believed he’d grown out of, since he started playing with the big boys at least. But then he realised he’d heard no shots. Nothing. Only silence until this prick came into the room. The girl trembled as he held her, close against his body, and Jimmy nestled his arm around her pretty little neck. 
They seemed stuck – in an impasse – the three of them. Jimmy couldn’t move. The doctor couldn’t shoot. And the girl couldn’t do anything about it. 
To Jimmy’s surprise, the girl begged on his behalf. “Please Ben. We’ll all get hurt. Put the gun down. You don’t even know how to fire it.”
“Yes, I do. Look.” And Ben fired into the floorboards, a loud reverberating shot that made the whole room jump and everyone in it. 
“You fucking madman!” Jimmy said.
Jimmy saw that the doctor was shaking – wasn’t used to the violence of the sound and the sharp recoil in the palm of his hand. But the young fool had a wild look on his face, and Jimmy didn’t like that look. Ben Stein was a loose cannon and no mistake. “What the fuck did you do that for? We have to go now, before the police get here.”
“No, no. We’ll wait,” said the doctor, with that mad glint in his eye. “We’ll see if they can help us sort this out.”
“No we fucking won’t. Mr. Birch don’t like police reports. Too much paperwork.”
“We need those reports. They’ll be interested in where the guns came from, won’t they? And the cocaine in the kitchen. And the girl being held against her will.”
“She won’t talk. She’s one of us, you fool.”
“No, she isn’t. Not anymore.” 
Jimmy almost laughed. This doctor was barking, raving mad. Mr. Birch could control Layla, Jimmy would stake his life on it. He got to his feet, bringing the girl up with him, and the doctor didn’t shoot. He couldn’t. 
So Jimmy taunted him. “Too scared are you? Too scared of hurting the girl.”
“Aren’t you?” said Ben. “If you hurt the girl, what will Mr. Birch do to you?”
That was a point. But he couldn’t let Ben have her, either. The only solution to the problem lay in getting out of this room and getting his hands on his own gun. That would even things up. Jimmy could picture where he’d left it. Inside the pocket of his jacket, which was hanging on the banisters at the top of the stairs. The doctor must have walked right past it, never guessing it was there. 
“Go on, take her. Mr. Birch won’t let you enjoy her for long.” Jimmy shoved her so hard she almost fell at Ben’s knees. 
After that it was confusion. Ben had to step back out of the doorway so Layla could get through. “Run! Go for the kitchen door, it’s all clear.” 
If Jimmy had been running this show, he’d have shot now. It was the only logical thing to do. Take the enemy out and scarper. But Jimmy was staking his life on the doctor’s inexperience. And true to type, the stupid man just glared and lowered the gun.
“Leave us alone,” the young fool said.
Jimmy almost laughed. 
Ben turned on his heel and ran after the girl. And Jimmy strolled out of the room and picked up his jacket, like the evening was turning rather chilly. 
Gunshot
Layla heard a yell from the upstairs landing. Ben turned and looked up. She saw Jimmy aiming at Ben, who was almost all the way down the stairs. So close he’d almost made it.
The shot rang out in the hallway, and she saw Ben fall back against the wall as if pushed by some unseen opponent. He dropped the gun. It fell clattering from his useless right hand. And then, with a soundtrack that included her own scream, she saw him sliding down the wall – slowly – leaving a big smear of blood on the wall beside his head. He slid down until he was sitting against the wall, like he’d paused there to take a little rest. 
“No!”
He looked at her like he was experiencing some kind of visitation or hallucination. His eyes seemed to see visions she could not see. His mind seemed gripped by some kind of agony she could not feel. She crouched down beside him, needing to know if he was dying. She reached out a shaking hand to touch him, trying to see where he was shot and if there was any hope at all, before the lifeblood ran out of him.
 “Get the gun,” he said. And Ben’s eyes moved slowly to the place where his gun lay. It had skittered across the downstairs hall and landed by the skirting board – barrel facing them. 
Jimmy rounded the corner and fired again – but his gun was empty. He reached into his jeans pocket for more. 
She glanced at the gun Ben had held, but she made no move towards it. She turned back to see where he was hit. His coat had a hole in it. Upper arm – almost on the shoulder. That might be survivable – as long as no one got him while he was down. But there was blood coming from the back of his right shoulder. They needed help fast. 
But Jimmy was standing at the top of the stairs, laughing at them, reloading his own gun. 
Ben said, “Layla. Get the gun.”
She reached for it, and gave it to him. He took it with his left hand, cradling it dangerously close to his own body. 
“No,” she said. 
But he lifted it up and pointed it, shaking, at their enemy. 
“You couldn’t hit a tin can in a fair ground like that,” said Jimmy. “And you’ve already shown me you ain’t got the guts.”
So Ben pulled the trigger and blew Jimmy’s head off. His body reeled and fell in slow motion onto the upstairs landing. He hit the ground with one hand flung out over the edge of the stairs – pointing at them like an accusation. 
This time her screams were sharp staccato sounds that pierced the ceiling and bounced off the walls and the floor – all the places where Jimmy’s blood was splattered. 
Layla helped Ben up and they ran. As fast as a wounded man and a girl in high heels can go. All the way along the muddy lane – which seemed a hell of a lot longer now that Ben was hit. They reached the car, but it was locked. 
“The keys are in my pocket,” he said, and tried to reach them. She got there first. She unlocked the car and hauled open the door. She pushed him inside on the passenger side. 
She got in and started the car. It faltered the first time and started on the second. 
“You still don’t have a licence,” he said. “I should drive.”
“No way.” She checked the mirror and pulled away from the kerb. She drove as fast as she dared, knowing the sound of the shots would have prompted calls to the police. She turned through the lattice of London streets, turning left and left again until she reached the main road. She knew they needed to ditch the car, but she needed a moment to think.
She sighed and glanced at him. He was pale – ghostly pale – and kept his left hand over the wound. “I ought to drive you straight to the hospital.”
“They’d have to report the gunshot wound. It’s mandatory to report it. Let’s go somewhere else.”
“And what if you’re bleeding to death?”
“I’m not. I’d tell you if I was.”
“Glad you’re confident about that, doctor. But you look awful.”
“I’m alright,” he said. “Just keep driving.”
“I want to get out of this car. Someone will be sure to have seen it.”
“Head for the medical centre – the car park’s hidden from the road. I could do something about this there, too. Get something for the pain.” He looked down at the place where the blood was oozing slowly between his fingers. 
“Alright. I’ll go there.”
She slowed down, matching her speed to the traffic, wanting to avoid suspicion. She headed for the Bethnal Green road – indicating smartly before changing lanes. She wasn’t making that mistake ever again.
“You drive well,” he said. “Who taught you?”
“My dad taught me. So I could drive the van and he could look after the stall. Later, he said it might come in handy if I ever needed to drive a getaway car.”
Ben gave her a weak smile. “Your father thinks of everything. Turn left at the next set of lights.”
They parked in the secluded, empty car park, behind the medical centre. In the lee of some conifer trees. They got out of the car. Her first, then him, unsteady with the pain and needing her support. She ducked under his arm and helped him. He swayed dangerously as they approached the door. 
“Got your swipe card?” she said.
“No. You have – it’s on the key ring with the car keys.”
She shook as she tried to swipe it. The red light stayed red as she made two attempts. She swore and tried again. 
“Give it to me,” he said, when it failed for the third time. “Maybe they’ve changed the code.”
He swiped it and the light turned green. 
“Magic touch,” she said, and they went inside. 
“Head for my consulting room – you know where it is.”
“Yes, Ben, I remember.” Consulting room three – where they met a month ago – maybe five weeks. They blundered into the room in the dark. She felt in the darkness along the wall. “Where’s the switch?”	
“No don’t,” he said. “Leave it dark. We don’t want to advertise the fact that we’re here.”
“Okay,” she breathed. She could picture the room, but it all seemed unfamiliar in the darkness. He staggered towards the desk and tripped over the metal wastepaper bin. The sound set their fears jangling, and made her breathing all jagged and raw. 
“I do believe you have a touch of real asthma,” he said, with a note of amused irony in his voice.
“Shut up. It’s you that needs help today. Jeez, Ben, I can’t do this in the dark.”
“There’s a light on my key-ring.”
She laughed, “What haven’t you got on there?”
“A syringe and some morphine.”
“Is that what you need? Morphine?” She flicked the key ring light on. He was sitting on the edge of his desk, wincing in pain.
“No. Morphine’s too strong. It’ll put me to sleep.” He tried to shuck off his jacket, but the movement caused him so much pain that he had to stop. 
She went and tried to shine the light on the injury but his coat was black and it was difficult to see. “This is hopeless. I need more light.”
“Then put the blinds down and put the desk lamp on.”
She did that, and it was much easier to help him in the light of the angled lamp. She got him out of the coat, easing it down and away from his injured arm. His shirt was stained with blood – stuck to the wound and impossible to get off without hurting him. 
“Cut it,” he told her. “Scissors are in the top drawer, over there.”
Getting the shirt off was difficult and delicate. She cut the shirt – according to his instructions – up the length of the sleeve and across the top of the shoulder. Good side first. Then the bad side. She peeled it away from the wound – while he turned his head and clenched his jaw. The sight of the injury made her tremble, but for his sake she needed to be strong. The bullet had entered his body an inch or two lower than his collar bone, gone in clean and punched straight through. She moved around to see, pulling the shirt away from his back to find a ragged-looking exit wound – a bit bigger and messier than the one on the front. 
“How is it?” he said. He tried to glance down at the wound, but even turning his head seemed to set off a wave of pain.
“I don’t know. I’ve never seen anyone with a bullet hole in them before.”
“My own experience is mainly drawn from textbooks,” he admitted. “Perhaps I should have done my training in Chicago.”
She smiled a weak smile, but she hated seeing him with that raw red hole in his chest. He got up from where he was sitting on the edge of the desk. He went over to the washbasin beside the desk. There was a mirror above it, along with a standard issue paper towel dispenser and box of latex examination gloves. She went and moved the lamp – turning it to shine on him so he could look at the injury in the mirror and assess it for himself. 
“The shoulder contains the subclavian artery, which feeds the brachial artery,” he told her. “That’s the main artery in my arm. I would be dead or dying if he’d hit that. But luckily for me, he missed. By an inch.”
She shivered. 
“But that’s where my luck runs out.” He sighed, staring in the mirror. “The brachial plexus, the large nerve bundle that I need to move my arm. I think it’s damaged.”
“Oh, God. It’s your right arm too.” She felt consumed with guilt. A doctor, with a dead right arm.
He looked in the mirror and then he turned. Looking at the wound as best he could. “It’s okay,” he said calmly. “I can tell you what to do.” 
To him, it was just an injury. And injuries have to be dealt with. Each one in a certain way. He unlocked the medicine cabinet and chose a vial of pethidine for pain relief. 
“I want you to inject this into my upper left buttock,” he said.
She hesitated. “Your upper left buttock? Are you sure you want it there?”
“Yes,” he said. “That’s where it works best. Come on, Layla. Don’t be shy.”
She took the vial and the needle, and he taught her how to draw it up. “Good girl,” he said. “You’re a fast learner.” 
He turned around and with his left hand, he undid the buckle on his belt. He let his trousers slip to half-mast, underwear and all. “Go on, then.”
She jabbed him with the needle, and let the medication in. “First time I’ve seen you with your pants down, doctor.”
“I thought you’d never ask.”
Afterwards they made a plan. Ditch the car. Walk to the high street. Hail a cab. Disappear into a busy part of London. Find a room. Spend the night. 
“And after that?”
“We’ll get out of London somehow. We may need help.” Ben told her about the blank prescription pad and how helpful Glenn Hallam had been. 
She gasped and covered her mouth with her hand. Then she gave a strange kind of laugh. “Maybe it’s not just me that’s a fast learner.” She hesitated. Thinking. They’d done very well so far. But problems surfaced thick and fast. “What about clothes? You can’t hail a cab in the high street with no shirt on, Ben. People will see the hole in your chest.”
“Ah, Layla. That small detail is easily solved.” He was slurring his words. The pethidine was doing its work. 
“Don’t you pass out on me,” she warned. “You do that, and we’re really up the creek.”
“Everything shunder control…” he said, staggering slightly. “Thish what we’re going to do.”
They crept into the clinic director’s room, and borrowed Jonathan’s raincoat. It was hanging, where he always kept it, on an old fashioned hat-and-coat stand in the corner of the room. It had been there during the meeting that morning. The meeting to talk about Ben’s relationship with Layla.
Get a Room
They got the room. In a cheap hotel near Whitechapel. Dingy little place.
They went up to the desk as a couple. Ben lolled over her like he was drunk, partly acting, partly genuine. Hard to tell how much of each. Layla supported him under his good arm and forced herself to act like a tart. 
She offered the man on the desk the money. In cash. Ben had cash. He’d thought that out on the plane, and drawn most of Morrie’s last five grand out of the bank at the airport. 
Up in the room they didn’t have to pretend anymore. Ben limped over to the bed. He took off Jonathan’s raincoat and checked the dressing. Still holding okay. He sat down, swung his legs up onto the bed, wincing, and leaned gratefully back against the headboard, finding it easier to cope with the pain in his shoulder if he braced his upper body against something. No sudden movements. He still had another vial of pethidine, but he was saving that for during the night. These things usually got worse before they got better. He refused to think about the severity of the injury in any kind of objective way. He’d get by. They’d go to Scotland tomorrow and maybe he could see someone there. Maybe even Barrymore – the old Scottish doctor owed him a favour for dropping him into all of this. Or maybe he owed Barrymore a favour, for leading him to Layla.  
She came and sat down near him on the edge of the bed. “Look at you,” she said, and touched his naked chest. “So pale and smooth.” 
He gave a half-smile, and glanced down at his own bare chest. “Probably paler than I should be.” 
The dressing on his shoulder showed a dark stain of blood coming through to the plastic backing. But it was a slow ooze; he wasn’t losing blood in any quantity now, and that was very reassuring.
“You should see a doctor,” she said gently. 
“I am a doctor,” he said, “and in my professional opinion, I’m going to be fine.”
“You don’t look fine.”
“Thanks. And here I was thinking you found me irresistible.”
“I do. But I can see that you need a doctor.”
“Perhaps I do. But we can’t. I think by the morning, it’ll start to feel better.”
She nodded, absentmindedly stroking his upper arm – the good one.  “I hope so.”
“Can you get me some water?” he said. “It would be good to keep the fluids up. You should have something too. Lemonade or sweet tea. Something for the shock.”
“Why do you think I’ll have shock when it was you that got shot?”
“I told you, I never get sick.”
She smiled and got up to get him the water. “Honestly, Ben. I’ve heard that doctors are always the last to admit there’s anything wrong. Now I’ve witnessed it. Talk about stubborn.”
He watched as she went over to a narrow table near the wall on his side of the room. There was a tray set out with all the things that the average hotel guest might need – tea bags, instant coffee in little sachets, and a kettle with the flex coiled around its neck so tight that it would be quite a challenge to make a cup of tea in the morning. She picked up a drinking mug and ignored the rest. She filled it with water from the bathroom and came back and watched while he drank it. 
“That’s better,” he said. And put the cup down on the bedside table.
“There are condoms in the bathroom,” she said. 
He looked up at her. “What?” 
“An intimacy kit – they call it – just in case we didn’t remember to pack any.”
“We didn’t,” he said. 
There was a deepening, blushing silence. A naked kind of honesty seemed to grow in the silence between them. 
Finally she said it.  “I don’t want to be a virgin anymore, Ben. It’s too dangerous. Will you do it?”
He took her hand. “Oh, Layla, I’d love to. But I honestly don’t think I can,” he gave her a weak smile. Feeling useless. 
She smiled and glanced away, shyly. “Sorry. Don’t know why I said that.”
“I want to – really – but if we try, there’s a definite possibility I’ll pass out.”
She smiled. “All that blood rushing from one place to another?”
He nodded. “The doctor’s take on intimacy after injury. Sorry.”
There was another long pause, while she thought about it. She looked soulful and lonely all of a sudden. So, he touched her hand, gently, and then, gazing at her, he brought it to his lips and kissed her fingers, softly. Very softly. Then he took a risk and started sucking them, one by one. 
She trembled, but she let him continue. Softly, provocatively, he sucked her fingers, moving his tongue in swirls around the tip, as he rather wished she’d do for him one day. If not today.
Then all of a rush, she came and sat astride him on the bed. “Kiss me.”
“Oh, baby…” he murmured, gathering her close to him with his good arm.  She kissed him, hungrily, and he responded at once, feeling the familiar stir of arousal as he touched her and tasted her.
“Are you sure we couldn’t?” she said.
He was beginning to feel that he possessed new strength, as her kisses fanned the need inside him. He left a dozen kisses on her pale soft skin – right there along the sweet curve of her neck. “Maybe we could.”
She laughed, and kissed him some more, making him moan softly – pleasure from the kiss and pain from the shoulder all mixed up into a heady cocktail of desire and sensation. 
He wanted to kiss her breasts but she was still wearing her t-shirt. “Take this off.”
She dragged it over her head and tossed it on the floor.
“Yeah,” he murmured, and lowered his head to kiss her fantastic, melon-shaped breasts. He’d like to kiss those forever. He could hardly tear himself away to lift up his head and say to her, “Okay. Get the intimacy kit.”
“Yes. Good idea.” 
She detached herself from his embrace and got up and went into the bathroom, flicking the switch and flooding the room with a shaft of bright light. Ben screwed up his eyes against the assault of light. He could hardly believe it. She wanted to. Now. 
She must have taken the rest of her clothes off while she was in there, because when she came back to the bed she was naked. She’d left the bathroom door just slightly ajar, so a chink of light came through and into the bedroom. Enough for him to enjoy the view without getting blinded. Wow. The curve of her generous breasts, the flare of her hips, the dark promise of a sensational time between her legs.
“Where were we?” he said, pulling her down towards him again, but she resisted. 
“Here’s the kit.”
He took the zip-up bag and started investigating the contents. It was all in plain white packets  - no brand names – with a description of the contents printed in silver lettering. “A sachet of rose petals,” he read out, “Not particularly helpful.”
She smiled, and opened them anyway. She threw the petals up in the air and they fell down over him like confetti. 
He carried on looking at the rest of the stuff.  “Bubble Bath, Edible Massage Oil, Lavender Massage Oil, Kama Sutra Dice - oh, for heaven’s sake.” He knew he sounded irritable. His shoulder was giving him hell. “Where are the bloody condoms?” 
She leaned to look too, and pulled a couple of items out of the bag, “Ostrich Feather,” she said, with a laugh. “Unisex Blindfold with Ties.”
“I’d rather see what I’m doing, thanks” he said, and stuffed it back in the bag. “What’s that tube? Is that some form of lubricant?”
She turned it around so she could see the writing on the side. 
“I think so,” she said, biting her lip. 
“Okay, we’ll keep that,” he said, matter-of-factly. “And condoms. Yes. At last. In various styles and flavours.” 
He lined them up in a row on the bedside cabinet, with his vial of pethidine and spare syringe. Like he was preparing to do some kind of surgical procedure. She picked up an ‘extra safe’ condom. 
“Give me that thing,” he said, and took the condom sachet from her and ripped it open with his teeth. “You might have to help me put it on. I don’t think I’ve ever done it left-handed.”
“Yes, I will. But we need to get your pants off, first,” she reminded him.  
He smiled. “Very true.”
She helped him with that too. He winced. Any major movement was agony. A shadow of doubt about his ability to do this returned, but he didn't want to disappoint her.  For him, hot stinging pain wasn’t exactly the best aphrodisiac. She peeled off his trousers and tossed them on the floor beside the bed. 
She helped him with the condom, or tried to. She was indeed inexperienced. He covered her hand with his and rolled it down. Then he pulled her towards him, determined to bury his doubts and do what she wanted him to do. 
He’d always imagined sex with her would be about passion and possession. He’d played out the scene a thousand times – and it usually took place in his flat or on his couch, sometimes in his car. His fantasies involved bedding her confidently. Aggressively. Pounding into her while she yielded her soft, sweet body to him. Reaching a loud, simultaneous climax in each other’s arms, and her thinking he was the best thing since sex was invented. 
It was different. The real thing. Intimate, intense. Awkward, even. He stayed where he was, sitting up in bed against the headboard, and said he wanted her to sit astride him.
“We’re going to do it like this?” she asked, doubtfully – straddling him, just like before.
“Yes,” he said. “I think it’s the only way we can.” 
He reached for the tube of lubricant. Again, he took the cap off with his teeth. “Can you squirt some into my hand?”
“Why?”
“Because it’s not very effective if it’s still in the tube.”
“Okay.” She was nervous, but she did what he asked, and he used some on himself first, making the surface of the condom glisten. 
“More,” he said. She obediently squeezed out some more.
“Good teamwork,” he said, and smiled at her. Then before she had time to object, he put his hand between her legs and put some gel on her. 
She turned her head away in an agony of embarrassment. “Don’t. It’s cold.”
“Doctor’s orders,” he said. Then he took the tube and tossed it down beside the bed. Then he turned to look at her. “I’m all yours.” 
She hesitated. 
“Don’t be scared, Layla, it’s only me.”
“I know. The day we met, I was thinking… I was wishing... that I could choose you,” she admitted. “I never thought I’d get the chance.”
He nodded. He knew it was true. It was the chance of a lifetime, this. But she kept hesitating as if she was afraid to commit herself. He wished he could have made this easier for her. 
At last, she came closer, legs trembling slightly as she sat astride. “Is this alright?”
“More than alright,” he said, savouring the sight of her lovely body, right there, ready to do this with him. 
So, gazing right into his eyes, she pushed down onto him with a sharp intake of breath. Her eyes flared with fear and surprise, feeling him for the first time inside her. “Ben? Is that right?”
He answered her with a moan of pleasure, “Y-yes.” 
There was shooting pain in his shoulder, but he willed himself to ignore it. She was trembling too, so he pulled her against him, and kissed away any doubt or discomfort she might be experiencing. “It’s okay, Layla, it’s okay…” he remembered saying the same words the day they first met. But this was different. Much more intense. Face to face, skin to skin, bodies joined. 
And our hearts, he thought. Hers and mine. 
She moaned too, and he stroked a lock of blonde hair back from her face. 
Oh, Layla. She was still trembling as if this was a shock to her, but not nearly as painful as she’d feared. 
He had thought she’d need time to get used to the unfamiliar feeling. Time to wait and experience the sensation of having him inside her for the first time ever. So it almost took him by surprise when she started to move. Sweet surprise and aching delight in every gentle movement of her hips.  
“Is this right?” she asked, rocking gently. 
“It’s perfect,” he told her. “You’re perfect.”
He didn’t need to guide her. She knew, instinctively, what had to be done. He couldn’t move – if he tried, his body met a spasm of pain and he was searching for pleasure. But he wanted so much to please her too, as he’d always promised he would. “Layla…”
He kissed her, gently, reverentially, holding her close with his good arm across her back. In this position, he couldn’t see the tattoo, but the thought of running his hand over it made him smile. Loverboy’s Back.
“Love you, Layla, you know that, don’t you?”
She didn’t answer. She was concentrating on the unfamiliar act of having sex for the very first time. And she was getting in to it, too, which pleased him more than he’d imagined possible. She rocked against him, soft and warm in the glimmer of light from the other room. She forgot about his injury and clung to his shoulders, making him turn his head and smother a cry of pain. 
“Oh no,” she gasped.  “I’m sorry…”
“Don’t be,” he said. Looking back into her eyes again. “I’m alright. Oh, baby, that’s it…don’t stop…oh, yeah…”
And she made him come, and for an instant he could feel no pain at all, only hot searing pleasure. He knew that if he’d had his full strength, he’d have flipped her onto her back and showed her that she too could have the sun and the stars. Tomorrow, maybe. When they woke, he thought dreamily. 
Afterwards. She lay next to him, and he reached across with his good hand, interlocking his fingers with hers, “Are you happy?”
“Yes.” She smiled.
He was glad she was smiling. He had wanted her to feel that something had been gained, not lost. 
She smiled at him. “It wasn’t sex, was it? It was love.”
“It can be one and the same,” he said. “For us it can be.”
She reached up and cupped his face. “One and the same. The way you talk.”
He smiled at her. “You’ll get used to it.”
Her face clouded and she almost seemed to shiver with fear, thinking about the future. “What’s going to happen to us?”
“I don’t know. We have to run away. If they catch us, I’m going to get struck off. But if we go into hiding, I can’t be a doctor anymore so it comes to the same answer. I don’t care about that. It was worth it,” he ran his fingers over the gentle curve of her shoulder and kissed her skin like she was some kind of goddess. “If they find out I shot Jimmy, I’ll go to prison. But you’ll wait for me, won’t you? You’ll come and see me?”
She nodded, but there was fear in her eyes about what the future might hold for them. “Oh, Ben, you shouldn’t have done it.”
“Don’t say that. It was my choice. And it wasn’t a hard one, either. From the minute you asked me to help you, I think I knew I was going to do it. When people say they’d do anything for someone – they don’t have any idea what it means – but I do. I’d lie for you, steal for you, kill for you. Because I love you, Layla.”
She nodded. “Love you, too.”
“Good,” he said, and sank down on the pillow. “I need sleep. I feel like I could sleep forever.”
Waking Up
She knew something was very wrong the minute she woke up. He was so cold and pale. The wound had opened while they slept and there was blood soaked into the sheets. 
“Ben,” she said, but couldn’t rouse him. “Ben! Wake up!”
She didn’t know what to do. How to feel for a pulse that she couldn’t find, how to detect the small signs of life in someone who seemed to have slipped into sleep forever. She touched his neck. It’s easier to find a pulse, there, isn’t it? She pressed her fingers to his neck, frantically searching for warmth that she was scared wasn’t there. 
She looked at the bedside table. The needle was used, and the vial of pethidine was empty. He must have needed them, during the night. 
“Oh, God. No. Please, no. Ben, Wake up!”

*  *  *

Fiona saw the policemen first. She’d been looking out for them. There were three of them coming up the concrete path towards the medical centre. Walking in through the sliding glass doors. One in uniform, two in plain clothes. 
It was still early – just after nine – but the waiting room was already full of people. And all eyes followed the policeman as they approached the reception desk.
They wanted to see Ben’s consulting room. 
Fiona smiled. “No problem at all.”
Sally looked up from her desk as they all passed by, and her face was all white and questioning. But Fiona walked past without bothering to explain. She headed for consulting room three.
“What have we got then?” said the senior Detective.
Fiona pointed to some pieces of stained fabric, lying on the doctor’s desk.  “One of the cleaners found this in the wastepaper bin.”
A man's shirt. Cut to ribbons and covered in blood. 
“And you believe this belongs to Dr Stein?”
“Oh, yes. I’ve seen him wearing that shirt.” Fiona was pleased it was all coming to a head. Excited, almost, to see Ben brought down.
The detective did a slow three-sixty turn. Slowly taking a good look at everything in the room. Noticed the medicine cabinet, left open, and an empty vial of pethidine in a small metal tray beside the consulting couch. “You haven’t touched anything in here, have you?”
“No,” said Fiona.
“And the doctor’s car is parked outside?” 
“Yes. The black Audi. It’s not even locked. And there’s blood on the passenger seat.”
The detective raised an eyebrow and looked at his colleague. A silent understanding seemed to pass between them. 
“When was the last time you saw him?”
“Yesterday morning.” She said. “He wasn’t due back from his conference until Wednesday, but he came in early and demanded to use the computer.”
“Why? What did he want?”
“I don’t know. Something to do with the young girl he was obsessed with. She was one of his patients, you know.” But Fiona’s piece of scandal had no effect on the detective, whose face showed no interest at all. 
“Can you get one of the other doctors in here, love? I want to ask a medical question.”
Fiona smiled. The men wanted a moment alone. “Of course.”
She went and found Ravi, who was in the staff kitchen warming up something aromatic in the tiny chrome microwave. A small square dish was rotating slowly inside the microwave, while the doctor stood there beside it, fork in hand. 
“Leave that,” she said. “The police are here and they need to speak to a doctor.”
“Tell them to make an appointment,” he said, looking truculent.
“Even doctors can’t be high-handed with the police, Ravi.”
“Don’t pick me. I don’t want anything more to do with this fiasco.” He responded to the microwave’s bleep and got his rice dish out and put it on the table. “Yesterday was awful. And Ben said some stuff I kind of agreed with.”
“Jonathan’s not in yet, and Dima’s with a patient.”
Ravi sighed and abandoned his food. “I don’t like telling tales on a colleague.”
Fiona pursed her lips. “Your boarding-school code of honour isn’t helping,” she told him. “Ben Stein deserves everything that’s coming to him.”
But Ravi didn’t look like he agreed with her at all. “Ben’s not a criminal, Fee. Just an inexperienced doctor with an eye for a pretty girl.”
The three policemen were gathered around the medicine cabinet when Fee and Ravi arrived. 
“Ah, doctor,” said the detective, waving for Ravi to come and look at the medicine cabinet. “Can you tell me what’s missing from in here?”
Ravi had a look, and pronounced that very little was gone. Apart from the pethidine.
The detective seemed surprised. “Are you sure? All these other narcotics here, and he only wanted two shots of pethidine?”
Ravi folded his arms. “He had access to narcotics all the time. Why would he take what he didn’t need?”
“Why would he inject himself with pethidine in the middle of the night?”
Ravi sighed. “No good reason, I suppose.”
“He was friendly with a girl from the Rookeries, wasn’t he?”
“Suspended for it,” said Fiona, feeling smug. 
“Surely his private life is irrelevant to this,” said Ravi, glancing nervously at the blood-stained shirt. “The man’s obviously hurt. Might be dead for all we know. And he was obviously desperate – he made no attempt to conceal what went on here.”
“Are you a friend of Stein’s?”
“No,” Ravi shook his head. Vehemently. “Just a colleague.”
“Where’s the girl who helped him get into the database on the computer. I want to talk to her.”
Fiona almost laughed. “Sal? Oh, she’s very young and inexperienced. She can’t tell you anything.”
Another glance passed between the two detectives.
“I want to speak to her. Now.”

*  *  *

Sally felt like she was already in the witness stand. Betraying a friend. The policemen told her she’d done nothing wrong, but she shook with nerves all the same. It was crowded now in Ben’s consulting room. Three policemen and three clinic staff. Herself, Ravi and Fiona. 
Sally had no choice but to give in and tell the police what they needed to know. “Ben wanted the address of a man named Jimmy Warren. But his file’s been closed. He’s no longer a patient here.”
A look passed between the two detectives – like they’d just got their lucky break. And Sal felt upset. She liked Ben. Even after she knew about Layla. She liked him, just as a friend.
The senior policeman produced a creased bit of green paper from his jacket pocket. Recognizable to anyone in the medical profession as a prescription form. 
The detective offered it to Ravi. “Take a look at this will you, doctor? Tell us what you make of it.”
Ravi sighed. “It’s a prescription for a large quantity of Oxycodone.”
Sally felt a pang inside her heart. Oh, Ben, you crazy fool. 
“Where did you get this?” said Ravi, studying the document as intently as he would a patient’s x-ray.
“It was taken into an all-night chemist last night,” said the detective. “They made it up, but then they got on the phone and called us. Was it authorized by your colleague, do you think?”
Ravi stared at the illegible signature scrawled across the bottom. “I…don’t really know.”
“Give it to me,” said Fiona. “I know all the doctors’ handwriting.” She took it and almost laughed with satisfaction, “Yes. Definitely Ben’s handiwork. I’d know his writing anywhere.”
And Sally looked sharply at Fiona. Smug Fiona. Who was loving every minute of this. And that was the moment when the mist began to clear. Sal knew now, exactly what had happened. 

*  *  *

Later, after a few minutes spent crying in the staff toilet. Sally went back to reception. Where Fiona and Ravi were standing, coffee mugs in hand. Which only angered her more. 
“Be careful you don’t spill that,” said Sal, meaningfully. “Could be the end of someone’s career.”
Ravi looked questioningly at her. “What are you talking about, Sal?”
But Sal ignored him and faced Fiona. “You told the police you knew his handwriting.”
Fiona stiffened. “Yes. Well, I had to. It was the truth.”
“That’s what I’m interested in. The truth!” Sal’s voice was hostile.
Ravi seemed almost amused. Seeing the two of them in a mood for a catfight.
Sal glared at Fiona. “Let’s go back to his story about how he filled out a form for Layla to sign.”
“Which isn’t true,” Fiona insisted, mouth setting into a hard line.
“But what if it is?” said Sal. “What if every word of that was true.”
Ravi tried to interrupt. “What’s this about?”
“Shut up.”
“Sally! Have respect for the doctors, for goodness sake.”
“What respect did you have, Fiona, on the day Ben dropped off the form? If you’d seen that form. You’d have known his writing. Wouldn’t you?”
Fiona turned away.
And Sal knew it was true. “The day I spilt my coffee on my in-tray. Or you did. I wasn’t even in the room!”
Ravi was interested now. “What are you saying, Sal?” 
“I’ve remembered when it happened. Ravi. I’ve only just put it all together. It was her. She did it. She destroyed the form.”
“Is that true, Fee?” Ravi said. “Why would you do that? Were you on some kind of moral crusade?”
“She hated Ben, that’s all. Because he was good and kind and everybody liked him. Go on, Fiona. Admit it. There was a form. And you knew he’d filled it in for her. So you guessed what was going on.”
Fiona’s face looked stony. 
Sally looked at Ravi. “He did try to make it right. He did try to get her to change doctors before they got involved.”
Fiona shook her head. “His behaviour was inexcusable. He deserved to get caught.”
Ravi stood there, staring at Fiona. “So, you decided to be his judge and his jury?”
“And his executioner,” said Sal. “She was the one who told Jonathan. They spent yesterday afternoon tucked up in his office, drafting a letter to the GMC.”
“Poor Ben,” said Ravi, shaking his head. 
“As I see it,” said Sal. “He only got caught because Fee saw that form. Ironically, if he hadn’t tried to do the right thing. No one would ever have known.” 
“It’s all irrelevant now,” said Fiona. “Guns. Drugs. Prostitutes. He wasn’t fit to come through that door.”
Ambulance
They let Layla go with him in the ambulance. The sirens started to blare, which should have scared her, except that they were the only thing that gave her any hope. If he was dead, they wouldn’t need the sirens. So there must be a tiny bit of hope. The paramedic was working on him keeping the intubation tube going, squeezing the bag that sent life-giving air into his lungs. He asked Layla short sharp questions. 
“Did he do any other drugs?”
“No. Of course not.” 
“Did he drink alcohol with the pethidine?”
“No. Only water.”
“Do you know if he had a weak heart?”
“No. I don’t think so.” 
He had the strongest, most generous heart in the world, she thought. 
“Was in taking any other medication?”
“I don’t know. He said he never got sick.”
“What’s his name?”
“Ben.” Layla remembered the look on his face, the first time she ever said his name. 
“Can you hear me, Ben?” the ambulance man said, loud and clear in the patient’s ear.
Ben lay there, motionless, arm falling limp over the edge of the stretcher.
“I don’t think he can,” she murmured. 
“It’s good to try, just in case. Sometimes it helps to keep them with us.”
“Listen, Ben,” he yelled, “We’re taking you to The Royal London.”
Oh, dear. “Don’t tell him that,” Layla said. “He hated the Royal London, he told me so on our first date.”
“Date?” the ambulance man said, with a smile. “Is that what you call it?”
The man thought she was a tart. Of course he did. The room – the condoms – the discarded parts of the intimacy kit – the crushed rose petals on the blood-stained bed. 
And Ben, lying there in the ambulance – dead white, like an Italian statue. No, you can’t die. She clutched his hand. He was still warm. He was still hers. Just for a while. She looked at his face as he lay there on the stretcher. Untroubled in a death-like sleep. She stroked his coal black hair. Glossy like the feathers of a rook. 
Oh Ben, what have I done to you? 
I’ve turned you into a black rook. A dealer. A liar. A thief and a killer. 
And you did it all for me. 
Then the paramedic noticed something he didn’t like the look of on the heart monitor. He stared at it – as if he could will it to show a better reading. But the capricious machine began to bleep out a warning instead. 
He pushed Layla out of the way, and called to his colleague. “He’s arresting, Blake. Pull over.”
And to her surprise, they stopped the ambulance in the middle of a London arterial and started doing rapid compressions on his chest. Layla felt like she was watching from above. For a moment, she too was a frightened bird, wings beating, heart fluttering in a fragile breast.  And she was hovering above the scene. She saw it all. The two men, leaning over Ben, the electrodes being placed on his pale chest, the harsh sound of the machine when they sent the current through him. The way his body went into spasm. She heard the electronic voice on the defibrillator machine telling them to do another set of compressions. 
“Keep trying, Blake…”
Yes. Keep trying.
Bad News
It was obvious to Sylvia that this was no ordinary phone call. Morrie was holding the handset up to his ear, listening intently, his other hand rested on his chest as if a pang of pain had just gone through him. His eyes widened as he heard the news. 
She stood there, putting her own hand up to her chest now too. “Who is it?”
He shook his head – barely looking at her. His responses to whoever was calling were short – one word answers and worrying phrases like “We’ll come. We can be there in three hours.”
After the longest four minutes of Sylvia’s life, he put down the phone. “Don’t upset yourself, but that was the hospital.”
“What’s happened? Ruth? Or Ben?”
“We have to go to London, my love.”
“Ben,” she murmured. Ben was in London. “Is it bad?”
“An accident. With a gun. I spoke to Layla.”
“A gun?” Mrs Stein went white. Whiter than white. Her chest heaved, under her hand.
“He got shot in the shoulder,  Layla was with him when it happened. And after he got shot, he took some medication that sent him into a coma.” 
“A gun? A coma?” 
“They’re doing everything they can.”
She looked from left to right as if instructions on what to do next might be written on the walls of her sitting room. “I must pack. He’ll need us both by his side if he’s in a coma.”
“We’ll drive to London. I’m not sure if they’ll let us see him, but I want to be near, just in case. Layla needs someone with her, too. We must help her. He loved that girl.”
 “No. No!” She put both hands up to her temples, like there was noise in her head and it was going to make her scream. “You said loved. Like he was gone, Morrie. Tell me he’s not dead.”
“He’s not! It was a slip of the tongue.”
And Mrs Stein, who nearly always had something to say, was struck dumb. She opened her mouth to speak and no sound came out. 
So Morrie spoke for her. “My dear, let’s not delay. I’ll tell you everything when we’re in the car.”

*  *  *

They put him in a private room. Hooked up to various monitors. The light in there was subdued – and it was night outside. Morrie sat there looking at his son, with the girl, Layla, by his side.
She turned to him. “Have you been asking the man upstairs to save him?”
“Constantly,” Morrie admitted. 
“I never really believed in anything much,” she said. “Except fate, maybe, and how I ought to dodge it. I never worried about Him Upstairs.”
Morrie patted her hand. “I’ll speak to him for you, if you like.”
“No. I’m angry with him. I hate him for doing this to me. The only good thing God ever did for me was to send me Ben Stein. I can’t believe he’d be so cruel as to take him away.”
“He’ll send him back to us,” Morrie said, although in his heart he knew that many good Jewish boys had been lost to the people who loved them, one way or another. 
She moved a bit closer to the bed – and touched Ben’s hand – which was pale and lifeless. “Oh, Ben, I don’t need no saints or martyrs. I just want you back, you hear me?”
Morrie looked at her. Young and lovely as a just-opened flower, and hopelessly in love with his son.
She sat down next to Morrie on one of the hospitals uncomfortable plastic chairs.  She touched the gold necklace she wore, and Morrie guessed that Ben must have given it to her. Perhaps his son had even dreamed of getting her a ring. 
Layla glanced nervously at Morrie and then spoke, “I’m going to convert for him, you know.”
“Are you, my dear?” 
“Yes. I’ve decided. I’ll tell him when he wakes up.”
Morrie smiled at her, kindly. “He was never worried about it, Layla.”
“Don’t say was. I don’t like was.”
“No. We must be positive.” Mr Stein squeezed her hand. “I’m sure he’ll be thrilled.”
“It would take away the last barrier between us, wouldn’t it?”
He nodded.  The last barrier. “He’ll be thrilled.”
When she turned back to Morrie Stein, he was wiping away tears with the back of his lined, veiny hand. He fished for a pocket handkerchief and blew his nose. Then he put it in his pocket, rose solemnly, and left her alone with Ben. 
There was only one barrier that could separate Ben and Layla now. And that was death. 
Dirty Work
Mr and Mrs Stein said she shouldn’t have to do it. The police had no right to use a young, untrained girl in their undercover operations. It was too dangerous. No one would want to put her through that now. She needed time to get over it all. 
But Layla decided that she would do it. For Ben, as much as anything. Someone had to try to bring down that evil man Birch. He ought to go and live in one of Her Majesty’s best apartments, and Her Majesty ought to lose the key.
She was strung out with emotion. The police had interviewed her for hours. The events that led to the death of Jimmy Warren had been thrashed out a hundred times. Then came the deal. They had prepped her and trained her. Talked for hours until she was word perfect on what to say. 
They dropped her off a short way from the club. She stood outside looking up at the sign, which looked scratched and seedy during the hours of daylight. The Fizz Club. She’d made three promises that she’d never go in there. To Ben, to her father, and to herself. 
But she went in. She didn’t care about anything now, except getting revenge on Mr. Birch.
The bar was empty. No punters. Only the old barman, Jacob, polishing glasses. She walked through to the private room where Birch’s chosen ones gathered around the green card table. Gambling and smoking, just like the bad old days. There were four of them in there. Volatile, violent men. And an empty seat where Jimmy Warren used to sit. 
The youngest one looked up. A man in a red cap. “Hello, Layla. Where’s the good doctor?”
“Ben Stein’s dead.”
No emotion. They had told her she mustn’t show emotion.  
There was a pause. 
She raised her chin, like they taught her to. They’ve got to believe you don’t care. He was just a punter. And life’s full of twists and turns. Tricks to turn. Fates to change. Just because one man was dead. 
“How did he die?” said the man.
“Same way Jimmy died,” said Layla. “Just took him a little longer.” This time her feelings betrayed her. A shake in her voice. A pain that could not be smothered. 
That made them look at each other. Frowns and glances crossed the card table, passing from one man to another through that place where the light fell and the smoke rose, above the green baize on the table. Then a man she recognised as Glenn Hallam spoke.
“And why are you here, Layla?”
“Because I’ve got nowhere else to go. And this place was like a second home to my mother.”
That was true. Tara almost lived here at one time. And for all that Ben had tried so hard to help her, some things would always be true. Her father was a convicted criminal. And her mother was a tart. 
“Blood will out,” said one man, as if he’d said something incredibly wise. 
“Didn’t the doctor have time to make a will, darling? Didn’t he leave you all his lovely money?” The man laughed at his own joke, which Layla found inadequately funny. 
She ignored him. “Where’s Mr Birch, I need to talk to him.”
And ask him to sell me a gun, she thought. 
“You can’t disturb him. He’s in the office. Arranging Jimmy’s send off.”
“Poor Jimmy,” she said, with a strange little sigh. “He was my first. The first man I ever slept with.” Well, there was no way Jimmy could deny it. So it didn’t matter now, if she lied.
Layla watched the men closely to see their reaction.
 The young one looked up and smiled, “Might be best not to mention that to his wife, if you’re planning on coming to the funeral.”
“Oh, I am.”
One of the others whispered something that she couldn’t quite hear.
Layla smiled and walked around the Fizz club – she even went over to one of the poles the lap dancers used – and touched it like she was tempted to take a twirl around it, just for a laugh.
“Get Mr Birch,” she said. “Tell him I’m interested in applying for a new position.”
One of the men laughed. “The old positions are the most popular, darling.”
She was glad she was making them laugh. It meant they didn’t see her as a threat. 
“Did you hear how much they got for me, then?”
“I heard twenty grand,” said Glenn.
“Yeah. And he never laid a finger on me, neither. Do you think he was a fool to pay twenty grand for a girl he didn’t want? It’s like buying a violin and never taking it out of the case.”
“I wish there were a few more like him,” said Glenn. 
“Oh, they’ll never be anyone like Ben Stein,” she said, dangerously. “If there were, I could make twenty grand a week, maybe.” She threw her head back like she was drunk. “Think how much coke I could buy with twenty grand a week!”
“Too much.” One of them laughed. “Did you have some already today, sweetheart?”
The bar at the Fizz club ran right through from the public lounge into the back room, so that customers in both areas could be served by the same bartenders. The ebony barman – Jacob - came through and asked her if he could get her a drink. 
She said no, she wanted to be high. She needed to be high. “Come on, Please. Someone help me out.” She looked at Jacob appealingly, but he shook his head. “Can’t help you, missy.”
She sighed and turned to the men sitting at the card table. “Don’t you gentleman have something I could buy?” 
But they hardly took any notice of her. Waved her away like she was cigarette smoke. Nothing more.
So then she tried a mixture of sleaze and naivety, though her soul screamed inside her. Ben would hate for me to do this. Ben took a bullet so I didn’t have to do this.
She leaned right over the table, and she plucked a few fifty pound notes out of the front of her bra. That made the men pay attention. They liked double Ds, and they’d like fifties even better. 
Yes. This was getting easier. She could be the kind of girl they liked. A girl with assets in her bra. She pouted and teased them – the way she’d seen her mother do a thousand times. 
“Yeah, we can find you something,” said one of the guys, smiling and forgetting his cards. “My name’s Glenn, by the way.”
“I know who you are,” said Layla.
And then he sold her some. He put his gun on the table and got a little fold of paper from out of his pocket. And Layla asked him if it was nice stuff. She only wanted to buy nice stuff. 
“It’s the best,” Glenn said. “Came in last Friday. Sixty per cent pure – guaranteed.”
She smiled and handed him the money. “I want some downers too. For afterwards. Something to dull the pain.”
Glenn looked shifty. “Can’t help you there.”
“Yes you can,” said Layla, smiling innocently. “You’ve got Oxycodone. I know you have. And you know why I know. So. Sell me some.”
One of the other men stood up. The tallest one. “Oxy’s never been Glenn’s thing. It’s always been coke and weed with him, sweetheart.”
“No. He’s trading in Oxy now,” said Layla, petulantly.  “Ben Stein sold it to him. Ain’t that the truth, Glenn?”
All the men looked worried now. Glancing from one to another in confusion. But no one looked more worried than Glenn. 
The man with the red cap spoke first. “Mr Birch will kill you if you’ve been buying stuff elsewhere.”
“I haven’t. I don’t need to. I work for Birch and that’s good enough for me,” said Glenn desperately. “Why would I? Birch keeps me well supplied. I’m doing alright.”
But the other men were all looking at Glenn. And Glenn was shaking. 
“He’s been flush with cash all week,” the youngest man said. “Talking about a new car.”
The third one shook his head in amazement. “You’ve been selling for Stein? Under Mr Birch’s nose?” 
“No. I haven’t. I swear.” There was sweat beading on Glenn’s face and his eyes were round with fear. 
“You fucking liar!” One of the men got up to administer what he considered to be justice. And Glenn just closed his eyes and waited for the man’s fist to break his jaw. 
“What’s all this?” Mr Birch stood in the doorway.
Confusion
Ben thought he must be back at med school, though he couldn’t understand why. He was sure he had a dim and distant memory of leaving all that behind.  Wasn’t there a graduation party… photographs? Lots of people shaking hands? But no, he seemed to be doing morning rounds with a bunch of other interns and he could hear the familiar voice of a senior doctor posing questions.
“And what do you think the effect of this injury will be on the brachial nerve bundle?
“Um… he may lose the use of his right arm?”
“He may indeed, gentlemen.”
Yes – Ben knew this man. He always called the students ‘gentlemen’ even if some of them were women. What was his name?
“And why did the pethidine cause a coma?” the senior doctor said.
This one drew a blank, until some bright spark spoke up. “Did it... maybe… interact with some other drug in his system?”
“That’s worth considering,” said the senior doctor. “But what’s the correct answer? Did we all study our notes?”
A rustle of papers – everyone turning a page at the same time. Yes, thought Ben. This was definitely some kind of training session, and he was attending it. Couldn’t remember how he got here, though, and he didn’t seem to have any of the paperwork the rest of them were holding. He struggled to focus his eyes and the face of the doctor came into view. A chubby middle-aged face with a halo of ceiling tiles around him. Oh, Jeez, I must be hung over.  Not a good way to face morning rounds with Doctor Phillips. Yes – Phillips – that was his name. From his days at the Teaching Hospital. 
That’s odd, thought Ben, he’d imagined he had moved past that, somehow…
Doctor Phillips picked on one of the weaker students, as he always did. A shy Chinese student with Harry Potter specs on – fearful of making a mistake. Phillips turned on him, smiling like a cruel assassin. “Check the notes, Doctor Wong, and tell me the situation?”
“He’s clear of all other drugs,” said the boy, flustered and struggling. Flapping the pages of the useless case notes. “The toxicology looks inconclusive…”
“So why is he comatose?” 
The student stared desperately at the notes, which didn’t seem to tell him a thing. “I’m sorry, sir, I don’t know…”
“Wake up, Wong. You won’t last long around here if you don’t. Anyone else? Why is he comatose?
“Because he exceeded the recommended dose,” said Ben. “And it compromised respiratory function, aggravated hypotension and sent him into a coma. Are convulsions recorded in the notes?”
The students around the bed reacted first with surprise and then with laughter. “He’s awake.”
And that’s when Ben realized exactly where he was. In the Royal London, with that swine Phillips who used to be his supervisor. He was being observed by a bunch of inexperienced first years – and he was no longer a person, he was an Interesting Gunshot Wound with Complications.
“Ah. Benjamin. I wondered when you’d be joining us,” said Phillips, speaking as if Ben was indeed still under supervision and had arrived late for morning rounds. 
Ben scowled. “Where’s Layla?”
“Layla? I don’t know anything about a person named Layla. Perhaps you’d better ask your nurse. Or your policeman.”  Doctor Phillips smiled. He gestured sardonically towards a seat near the door, where a uniformed policeman was waiting. 
Ben swallowed. When he went to sleep he’d had Layla in his arms – or at least he’d had his good arm around her. Now she was gone, and he was here with that bastard Phillips and his latest batch of willing victims. And he was under police guard. Fuck. “I didn’t give my permission for any of this...”
Doctor Phillips looked at him in mock disappointment. “Aren’t you able to assist us in our pursuit of medical knowledge?”
Ben exhaled sharply, in irritation, though it bloody well hurt to breathe. And for once, his sense of duty and responsibility turned rebel and said, Hell, no. Not this time.
“Get out.”
“As you wish,” Phillips said, with an amused smile. “We’ll leave you now, Benjamin. I’m sure you’ll soon be answering some tougher questions than any that I can throw at you.” 
Then Phillips waved his own, fully-functional, right arm in a rather stagey way at his flock of medical students before leading them out of the room. 
Leaving Ben and the policeman alone. 
Ben looked at him and said, “Where’s Layla?” 

*  *  *

The nurse ran down to the visitors’ kitchen – where Morrie and Sylvia were making themselves a cup of tea. Sylvia almost dropped hers, when the nurse came in, fearing she was about to hear more bad news. 
“He’s awake – and asking for Layla,” said the nurse. “Is she in the hospital still?”
“No. She’s helping the police with their enquiries,” said Morrie. “Against my better judgment.”
“He’s very agitated about Layla – I think the policeman said something that upset him. Will you come and try to calm him, please. He keeps trying to get out of bed.”

*   *   *

Morrie was the one given the task of breaking Ben the news. “Yes. She’s with the police – they want her to help them do some kind of a sting.”
Ben gasped. “A sting? No! She could get herself killed.”
“I don’t like it any more than you do. I don’t like it at all. And I begged her not to go. But she’s trying to help you, Ben. They know everything, you see – the police. They’ve been questioning poor Layla for days now, ever since you first came in.” 
“I’ve been here for days?” said Ben, incredulously.
“Yes. Fighting for your life, they said.”
“How ridiculous. Fighting for my life indeed. I had things under control. I’d taken some pain relief. There was no need to bring me here.”
“Benjamin, the pain relief you took almost killed you. You arrested twice in the ambulance and it was a miracle they managed to revive you. You owe everything to the team here at the Royal London. They’re wonderful people. And that specialist – Dr Phillips – he’s been absolutely marvellous.”
“Yes,” said his mother. “Dr Phillips has been amazing.”
Ben looked at his parents like they were both in the advanced stages of some kind of dementia. But his father just patted his arm, and his mother wiped tears from her face with a tissue, gazing at Ben like she was grateful to see him alive. She was also momentarily lost for words – and that only happened when the situation was deathly serious.
Morrie continued. “It looks bad for you, I have to say. They’ve found a dead man with his head blown off and a gun they think will have your fingerprints on the trigger. And they know all about those fake prescriptions you’ve been writing.  And there’s a boy who says you jabbed him with a hypodermic and threatened him with a gun.”
“It was his gun. He’d have shot me, if I hadn’t taken it away from him”
Morrie sniffed, disapprovingly. “Tell it to the police, Ben. Let’s hope they believe it. Oh, and the clinic has got its knickers in a twist about you dating Layla – a breach of medical ethics, apparently, but in the scheme of things that’s probably the least of your worries.”
“I’d do it all again,” said Ben. “I’d do anything for Layla.” 
Then Sylvia spoke. “Yes, I dare say you would. And she’s the same. She’s hell bent on trying to help you out of this mess. The police promised leniency if she agreed to help them. And of course she said yes, because that’s what she wants. Leniency for you. After all, poor little Layla’s done nothing wrong. It’s you that’s been running round London like a madman.” 
“So what’s she doing, to help them?”
“She’s gone to a place called the Fizz club,” said Morrie. “To get some evidence against Terry Birch.”
Ben went into a panic when he heard that. “It’s too dangerous. I’ve got to stop her…” He tried to get out of bed again, but the nurse came and pushed him back down onto his pillows. 
“No, you don’t. Lie down, please. You’ll be setting off your monitors again.” She was a bossy little Scot with piercing blue eyes and muscles like a part-time wrestler. “Look at the reading on that one now – just when we’d got it nice and stable.” 
Ben’s temper flared. “You can’t tell me what to do! I’m a doctor.”
“I don’t care if you’re the Minister of Health, Dr Stein. While you’re a patient on my ward, you’ll do as you’re told, do you hear?”
Last Straw
Birch came out to see what all the fuss was about. He saw the dope and the gun on the green baize table. He saw Layla, holding a wad of money. And he flushed with anger. “You evil little snitch!”
She dropped the money. It fluttered to the floor – over a dozen shabby white notes – all in fifties.  Most of the men let their gaze follow the money – thinking only of what if could buy – but Birch kept his eyes on Layla.
“Hello,” she said, and raised her chin, almost defiantly.
“I can see what you’re doing, girl. You might fool these amateurs but I’ve been in business longer than you’ve been alive.”
“I don’t know what you mean, Mr Birch.”
“Did anyone check her for a wire?”
Layla flinched, visibly. 
“See. Look at her! Guilty as sin!” Birch was sure now. Surer than sure. He went over to the table, where Glenn was sitting ready to receive the money. “She’s a snitch. And you, my son, will be appearing in court charged with trafficking in drugs and firearms. What kind of moron are you?”
Birch struck the boy’s head, almost playfully, like an old-fashioned schoolmaster. 
Glenn whitened. He looked at the gun and the dope like he was wishing there was some way he could disassociate himself – but couldn’t see it. Then Birch looked at Layla and smiled. 
The girl was trembling, uncontrollably. To him, this was irrefutable proof of her guilt. 
Then, for the benefit of the policemen and women sitting in their cars outside, he said, “And how dare you do this in my club? I run a respectable establishment, and I will not have this wrong-doing in here.”
At the same time, though, he covered Layla’s mouth with his hands and nodded to his men. They knew, he thought smugly. He had them well-trained. He wanted them to strip her clothes off her and look for the wire. 
She struggled and wriggled and tried to bite Birch’s hand. But he laughed loud to cover the sound. Yes, bite me, darling, my hand’s as tough as old shoe leather – and so’s my heart if you only knew it. When they’d stripped her of the bloody wire, he’d get one or two of the guys to take her somewhere and quietly kill her. 
Glenn moved first. The boy was angry, Birch understood that, no one likes being called a moron. He came over and ripped open the front of Layla’s flimsy shirt, exposing a lacy black bra – but no sign of a wire.
Glenn frowned and grabbed the edge of her flirty little skirt. Pulled it up and ran his hand around her thighs, while her eyes flared above Birch’s fingers. Finding nothing, he repeated the manoeuvre, searching with increasing anxiety. “Nothing. She ain’t wearing one, guv.”
“She must be.” Birch sighed. If you wanted anything done properly you had to do it yourself. He flung Layla onto her back on the floor, willing her to be silent if she valued her life. He frisked her, with a kind of clinical professionalism. Searching for the bloody wire. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. 
“Did she have a bag?” he snapped. “A purse of some kind?”
“No,” said Glenn. “She had the money in her bra.”
Birch was furious. The little bitch had made him look a fool. He had been so sure about the wire.
“Looks like she’s legit, then,” said Glenn.
 “Legit?” Birch looked up. “Nothing about this is legit! Show a little respect, you piece of pond scum.”
But Glenn was smug now – he didn’t look like such a moron, after all. “Just sayin‘.”  
Birch had to work hard to hold on to his temper.
Glenn sauntered over to where the fifty pound notes lay scattered on the floor. “Alright if I pick up my money now, Mr Birch?”
Birch didn’t like that. He didn’t like that at all. “Your money? Your money? Who gave you that gun, you fucking retard? And the goods? And what makes you think you can go selling it to the first pretty little tart who asks you to hand it over?”

*  *  *

Outside in the squad car. Naomi Wilks was getting worried. “I want to call it. She’s done her best.”
“No,” said the other detective. “It sounds like it’s just getting good.”
Naomi shook her head, sick with worry. “The girl’s in danger. And the men are on the verge of fighting each other. Someone’s going to get hurt.”
“So much the better,” breathed the other officer, callously. “She’s just a tart. And he’s a−”
“They’re people, not throwaways. I want to call an end to it now. I want to send people in and do the best we can with what she’s got for us.”

*  *  *

Layla lay on the floor hoping like hell the police would come soon. Nothing they’d said in the lead up to this had prepared her for the raw fear of this moment. Birch, kneeling beside her, had one hand on her throat to suppress any attempt to scream. Glenn a few feet away. The other men watching. 
She saw Glenn walking towards her, still obsessed with the idea of getting his money. Birch released his hold on her throat – and she would have screamed if she had dared to . But she was too afraid, and no one out there seemed to be listening. 
Birch pulled a gun on Glenn. 
Glenn reached forward to get his own gun from off the table. 
Then a third man said, “Don’t fucking shoot! What if she IS wired and we ain’t found it?”
So Birch shook her, violently, “You’re doing my head in, you little tart! Where is it?”
He rummaged violently through the remaining shreds of clothing she was wearing – still wanting to be proved right. As his hands roved over her body, Layla was acutely aware that he was still gripping his gun. Oh, God, what if it went off accidentally? She willed herself to do something to calm him down. 
She forced herself to look up at Mr Birch’s gnarled sun-tanned face. Up close he was all lines and crevices like a craggy old headstone. “I… wouldn’t do that to you…really, I wouldn’t.” She even reached up and touched the side of his face. Hand trembling. Eyes locked on his. “I’m a rook. You said I was a rook just like you.”
He was confused now, and frustrated. “Then why the fuck does this feel like a set-up?” 
“I don’t know…” she murmured. 
He stood up, leaving Layla lying on the floor. He turned to stare at his men, who were all staring at him with a mixture of fear and loyalty. Except Glenn – always the loose cannon. She dared not move. Perhaps, if Birch turned his fury on anyone else, she’d crawl under the table – or better still, behind the bar – if she could do so without attracting attention. 
But he had other ideas. “You’ve gotta go. I don’t trust you.” He came and stood over her and pointed his gun at her face. 
“You said not here,” Glenn reminded him. “No mess in the club, that’s what you said.”
“Shut the fuck up!” said Birch. “Or I’ll shoot you first.”
He turned back to Layla and took aim again. “Sorry darling. You’re a liability.”
“If you do that, Mr Birch,” said a resonating voice from behind the bar. “You’ll go down for murder.”
Birch swung round. Jacob. The ebony barman. The one who used to be always smiling. Except he didn’t smile so much anymore. A bereavement in his family. 
“She’s not the one with the wire, you see,” said Jacob.
“You!” Birch said and fired, out of pure, senseless anger. The first bullet whizzed past Jacob’s cheek, shattering the mirror behind the bar, sending smithereens cascading around him. 
In the car, Naomi knew that had to be the signal. The force ran on protocol and fear of supervisory censure. Shots had been fired.  She knew what to do. She picked up her radio and without even looking at her colleague, she said “Go, go, go.”
“Go on,” said Jacob. “Shoot me, Mr Birch. It will give me great pleasure, as I lay dying on the floor of your filthy club, to know that you’ll be locked up for my murder.”
“Have you lost your fucking mind?” said Birch.
“No. I’ve lost my oldest son.” Jacob stretched out his arms, as if to give Birch a bigger target. “You promised me and my family your protection. You lied. You never protected us from anything. You only took, you never gave. It changes a man – losing a son – it makes nonsense of everything I’ve ever lived for. It makes death seem very attractive. So shoot me, Mr Birch, please shoot me.”
Birch must have heard the police arrive. They streamed into the place from every available doorway. But his eyes were locked on Jacob’s – staring disbelievingly – until he pulled the trigger. 
Jacob fell like a scarred metal target at a fairground shooting alley. 
Layla closed her eyes, knowing who would be next. There was no escape. She was exposed – semi-naked and vulnerable on the floor. She should have run, but she was frozen. She kept her eyes tight shut and waited for the inevitable. 
I’m sorry, Ben. I know I’ve let you down. I  love you.  I did it for you.
But the police shot Birch. 
She heard the shot – and the dull ‘ugh’ sound as it winded him. Her eyes flicked open – against her will. These were images she didn’t want or need in her memory. But with her eyes wide open, she saw it all. It played out like a silent movie. Birch staggering like a drunken man – touching the lapel on his tailor-made suit – finding that his hand was marked with blood – looking up at the policeman with disbelief and anger in his eyes. Raising his gun to take aim and get his reprisal. 
Then a blank look of surprise and the sudden slackness of death, as a bullet hole appeared on his forehead. The sound of the shot seemed to come too late – almost like an afterthought. 
He fell back on top of her. Crossways over her. Mouth open, blood leaking, eyes staring. And that was when she started screaming. “Get him off me! Please, get him off me!”
“It’s alright, love, it’s all over now. He can’t hurt anyone anymore.”
An armed policeman in a dark, bullet-proof vest rolled Birch’s body out of the way, and reached out to help Layla up. She took the hand he offered and staggered to her feet. Her clothes were covered in Birch’s blood.
“What about Jacob?”
“Who?”
“The barman – what’s happened to the barman?”

*  *  *

The atmosphere at the police station was ecstatic. You’d think their football team had just won the Cup Final. People in corridors kept congratulating each other and saying they’d brought down the Birch ring. Which didn’t seem to be what had happened at all. Well, Layla didn’t think so, anyway. 
Jacob was the one who had challenged Birch, after twenty years of doing exactly what he was told to do. And all because he’d lost his oldest son. And Layla knew that if Jacob hadn’t done what he’d done – she’d be dead. Her life would have been over just eighteen years after it had begun. The police would have found her lying in a pool of blood on Mr Birch’s floor. 
She didn’t want to be stuck at the police station. She wanted to be at the hospital with Ben. But they insisted she stay for a lengthy debrief about what went down at the Fizz. She sighed. There had already been a million questions before she did the sting. And lots of paperwork. Agreeing to be a confidential informant. Birch had been right – she was a snitch. They’d told her they’d look much more leniently on anything she and Ben had done  if she could offer the police ‘substantial help’. So she’d almost died trying to do as they asked. 
She supposed that even if she had died like that, the police would still have been celebrating. They’d have had lots of good stuff on Jacob’s wire, and a body with a bullet in it from Birch’s own gun. She felt a whole range of emotions – a numb sense of disbelief, mixed with confusion and guilt, because no one would tell her what was really going on. They all seemed so happy. Jubilant, even. She wandered up to the water fountain feeling like she was some kind of ghost. But then, under it all there was another feeling – a strange, exhausted sense of relief that she was still alive. That she could walk around, unharmed, and never wonder what Mr Birch would do to her ever again. 
There seemed to be a million more questions after the event. And more paperwork and statements to sign. The questions were so hard. There were so many things she couldn’t remember – not with any degree of accuracy at all. After the shots were fired and the police came in, everything was a bit of a blur. Uniforms, vests, holsters. Lots of shouting. And sirens. Sirens screaming blue bloody murder. Fragmented images of the most frightening day of her life.
“Can anyone tell me what’s happened to Jacob?” she said. 
But nobody seemed to know. 
Eventually they told her she could go home, and she had to explain that she virtually lived at the Royal London, where her boyfriend was in a coma. And she had no money, because everything they’d given her was on the floor at the Fizz club covered in blood. And she felt very shaky. So if they didn’t mind, she’d need a lift to hospital. In a squad car. Thanks very much. 

*  *  *

Two days later. She pushed Ben in a wheelchair along the corridor towards the ICU. He was weak but he was determined to go. 
The nurse on the desk knew Ben from his student days – and wanted the full, X-rated version of how he’d ended up there with a bullet-hole in his shoulder. 
He shook his head, politely. “Can’t talk, Emily, sorry. Police orders.”
Layla smiled. She wheeled on past, and murmured, “Ben. That was a lie.”
“Yes. I’m getting better at that, aren’t I?” he said.
“You were always good. You fooled Ray, the day we met.”
“The end justifies the means, Layla. Machiavelli – one of my heroes, after Hippocrates.”
They went into the room, where a man lay in a hospital bed, connected to a lot of machines. 
“Hello, Dr Stein…” said a voice – not quite as resonant as usual – but Layla’s heart leapt to hear it again. 
“Jacob,” Ben said, warmly. “How can I ever thank you?” 
The ebony face broke into a weak smile. “One good turn deserves another.”
Layla came near to speak to him. “You almost had me, Jacob. I thought you were dead.”
“I was for about three minutes. That’s what the surgeon said.”
Ben touched Jacob’s hand. “We owe you everything. Layla’s life. Our future. Thank you, for what you did. You had the most incredible courage.”
“No…I thought I had nothing left to lose.”
“But that’s not true. Is it?”
“No,” he said wearily. “My wife says that Declan’s getting better. Off the cocaine now, and doing very well.”
“That’s good,” Ben said. “That’s good.”
The nurse wouldn’t let them stay long. Everybody needed rest, she said. Rest was the best medicine in the world. 
No – it isn’t, thought Ben, and touched Layla’s hand.  It’s love.
Epilogue
Ben knew he was lucky. He was out on pre-charge bail – organized by his sister – while the police decided what he could be charged with. Ruth had contacted the best criminal lawyer she knew and he’d promised to handle the case in the New Year. The killing would be ruled self-defence, Ruth was adamant about that.  She was even optimistic that his licence to practise medicine would be given back to him once the facts were examined and the dust had settled. Ben wasn’t so sure, he’d done so many things a doctor should never do, he wasn’t sure he’d ever be forgiven. 
“It’ll be okay, Benjy. But I think you should get out of London. Find a nice village to live in and be a GP there. Hay fever and insect bites would be a breath of fresh air after what you’ve been dealing with, wouldn’t they?” 
He smiled. Only time and the lumbering British legal system would tell.  In the meantime, he was taking time off. And he was spending it with Layla.
Ruth and her husband took them directly from the courthouse and drove them to North Fenland. In time for Hanukkah, with the promise that they’d stay for Christmas. Robbie drove the car, and Ruth sat beside him. Ben sat in the back next to Layla, and they held hands.
The feeling was gradually coming back into his right arm. He could flex his fingers now, although not very strongly. But feelings were feelings, and Ben was grateful for the ones he could still enjoy. Oh, and he was going to enjoy Layla. Every night he could. He gazed at her now and wished that Ruth and Robbie weren’t in the car. If he was driving the car, he’d pull over and enjoy her now. 
He squeezed Layla’s hand – her left hand – the one that would wear his ring before this visit was over, if she said yes. She gave him a smile, and for a long moment, he wondered if she already knew. 
Tower Bridge, he thought. We could hire one of the galleries, and have our engagement party there.
They arrived at his parents’ place, and Robbie drove his silver Rover through the ivy clad gates that said ‘Chanson D’Amour’. It felt like years since they’d been here, even though it had only been a few weeks. So much had happened. So many radical changes. Ben got out of the car – gingerly – still weak from his time in hospital. He wore his new jacket slung loose around his shoulders. It was too much of an effort to put his arms in the sleeves. Robbie popped the boot and got their luggage out for them, and Layla carried the bags up the front steps that led to the house. 
A kid’s bike – new and shiny – lay casually abandoned on the step that said ‘1937’. 
Layla said, “They’re spoiling them rotten, you know. He didn’t even have until have to wait until Christmas Day for that.”
Ben looked at the bike and shrugged – and then winced. It was painful to shrug, and he was always forgetting. Layla pushed the bell and heard the Big Ben chime inside the house, followed by footsteps that sounded like a herd of caribou. The door opened and Ben’s mother appeared in her pinny, holding Layla’s little brother Jayden in her arms. He was eating pretzels and getting crumbs on her shoulder. “Benjy! Layla! Ruth! Robbie!” Her voice went up in pitch each time she said a name, until she was squeaking like a tin whistle. Morrie was there too, smiling over the top of his specs and saying ‘let the dog see the rabbit’.  Layla’s other brother, Bradley, ducked out from between them and bounced around on the porch telling anyone who’d listen that he’d got a brand new bike. 
“Yes, I know,” said Layla. “Lucky beggar, aren’t you?”
“Come in, come in!” Sylvia said, although it was nearly impossible. Ruth and Robbie swapped glances on the doorstep.  
When they did get over the threshold, they stopped to admire the massive Christmas tree in the entrance hall – stretching up into the upper storey and lit with a zillion brightly-coloured lights. Sylvia gave them a blow-by-blow account of how the children had been helping her decorate it. “And do you know, little Jaydee loves Mr Sminky!”
And there in the confusion of the Steins’ hallway – full of people and luggage and festivity – Ben finally felt he could let go some of the tension of the last few weeks. Layla was safe. The children were happy. Ray was dead, and Mr. Birch was gone forever.
“Now, about the sleeping arrangements,” said Sylvia. “They’re a bit complicated as we’ve got a full house. Now Ben, dear, I hope you don’t mind but we’ve put Bradley in your old room, so you can’t use that any more. I’ve thrown out all those horrible ashtrays. And Ruth and Robbie will be staying in her old room, like they always do. And Jaydee’s got the box room – oh, you have to see it – we put a little cot in there for him and lots of teddies and a mobile that twirls around over him at night – Paddington Bear in eighteen different poses! So that only left me with… wait a minute, I suppose we could put them in our room?”
She turned to Morrie and looked at him for an answer, but he shook his head. Vehemently. “No, dear, you and I are sleeping in there.”
She turned back to Ben. “Yes. Well. There’s a double mattress on the floor of the sun lounge for you and Layla, and you can pull the blinds right down over those big windows if you want to get up to anything. Tell me I’m right in thinking you won’t be wanting separate beds?”
Layla flushed a pretty pink colour. 
Ben grinned. “Not this time, mother.”	 
 “That’s such a relief,” said Sylvia. 
“I’ve got the best room,” said Bradley, importantly. “It’s like stylish – and I’ve got my own sound system.”
Layla glanced gratefully at Morrie and Sylvia. “You’re too good to him. To all of us, really.”
Sylvia ruffled the boy’s hair. “Oh, but he’s doing well and making us proud. It’s only been a few weeks and he’s riding his bike and making friends at the village school and impressing his teachers and everything.”
“Yeah,” said Bradley. “I ain’t thick anymore, Layla. Morrie helps me after tea and maths is my best subject.”
Layla gave him a hug. “I’ll bet. And you’re going to be Albert Einstein when you grow up, are you?”
“No way,” said Bradley, and gave Ben a sly look. “I want to be a doctor.”

The End
Read more by Cody Young

I hope you enjoyed reading this book, please sign up to my mailing list to be the first to know about my new releases.

Contemporary Romance
Becky’s Boyfriend - When he sings to her for the very first time, the effect on her is electric…

Coming in 2015, the Floodwater series, make sure you are on the mailing list to get the release dates.

Vampires of the Tower Series
If you like paranormal romance, read Johnny Doesn’t Drink Champagne (Book One)
then read Johnny and the Vampires of Versailles (Book Two)
and then Johnny’s Bride (Book Three) (coming soon)

Historical Romance
Read Katie and Michael’s story in Katie’s Hero – a world war two romance.
Read Emma and Tyler’s story in American Smile – a contemporary romance with a world war two story running through it.
If you like Victorian historical novellas, try Scandal at the Farmhouse for Ned and Clara’s story.
