
A HOLIDAY BET
Giselle Lumas




Also by Giselle Lumas

Adult Romance:
Tug of Love
Melody’s Blues
Truth or Dare: A Love Story

Young Adult Romance:
Sandy Times

Young Adult Fiction:
Journal of a Cymbal Player: Freshman Year

Science Fiction/Fantasy:
Malique’s Quest

Children’s Book:
THE SUPER HERO WHO SAVED CHRISTMAS (Co-author Tyler Lumas)

Collection of Romantic Short Stories:
Love Stories Short and Sweet: Some with a Little Tart







This is a work of fiction. 
Names, characters, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real.



©2014 Giselle Lumas
All Rights Reserved.
Smashwords Edition

Visit www.gisellelumas.com
Email the author at gigilumas@att.net



Although being a hard worker is often a great trait to have, it’s not so great when you work so much you don’t have time for those who love you. Spend time with the ones you love. Every day is not promised.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen

CHAPTER ONE

“Good morning everyone,” Claire Buchanan greeted her co-workers as she walked into the break room of Robinson Software and Design where she worked in Palm Hills, California. She let out a yawn as she poured herself a cup of coffee. She added cream and lots of sugar.
“Good morning to you, Trick,” Roberta Jenkins said with a snort, “did you give the mighty strong Carl a treat last night?” She laughed at her own joke. Roberta was sitting at the small round white table, sipping on green tea.
“Ha, ha, ha…” Claire said. “Actually…. He gave me three treats last night and one this morning.” She grinned wickedly before taking a sip of coffee. 
“Really, do you people have to talk about your sex lives on a daily basis?” Sarah Alexander groaned in disgust. “I thought HR was here to prevent this kind of discussion in the workplace James.” Sarah swayed her hips as she made her way to the microwave and paused to glare at James, who was focused on eating his bowl of cereal.
James laughed, “Oh, honey, we are on break which means I’m not HR right now. Anything goes in the break room.” He winked. He was sitting at the white round table with Roberta. Only the four of them were in the room. “So, you may be the VP out there on the floor,” James said pointing to the door which led to the fluorescent-lit gray cubicles of mundane work. “But in here, you are just a regular person like the rest of us.”
Sarah groaned again. She unwrapped an enormous blueberry muffin then stuck it in the microwave for a few short seconds. She put her red-polished manicured hands on her slim, narrow waist and narrowed her eyes again at James. “I’m pretty sure that company policy applies to the break room as well…”
James pushed up his glasses exaggeratedly with his left middle finger and grumbled, “Don’t you have a refrigerator and small microwave in your office?” 
“Yes, but I like the ones here in the break room better,” Sarah explained.
“So, what did you do for Halloween last night Sarah?” Roberta asked, changing the subject.
“Turned out the lights in front of the house and read through a stack of reports in my bedroom,” she said. The microwave dinged, and she carefully retrieved her muffin. Before walking out of the break room to return to her office, she said. “Personally, Claire. I don’t know how you do it. I don’t have time for all of that. One night stands are so much more convenient… no obligation… do the deed and go home.”
James almost choked on the frosted flakes he was chewing on. Roberta laughed. Claire stood with her mouth wide open from disbelief.
Finally, Claire shook her brunette head. Her straight waist length hair flowed side to side as she did so. After a moment, she took another sip of coffee then said, “You know… we really need to do something for Sarah.”
Roberta shook her head in disagreement. “Um… don’t you mean she should do something for us? We work for her. I think we do enough.”
Claire shook her head again, “No… I mean. Sarah is so sad. It’s heading towards the holidays. Don’t you think she should have someone to love?”
James shook his head adamantly. “Nope. She is the type of person that would not appreciate love. She only wants facts and figures. I mean… you just heard the woman. She doesn’t want cuddling and softness. Personally, I don’t think she has the ability to love.”
“Oh, that’s a bunch of nonsense James. Everyone has the ability to love. I’ve been with this company since its conception thirty years ago. Yes, Sarah is the most rigid of all but I’ve seen the soft side of her. I mean look at what she puts up with from us daily. She could have had us fired for one reason, or another because Lord knows we aren’t the most ethical group at the company.”
James laughed.
“James is the worst out of all of us, and he is HR,” Claire pointed out.
James rolled his dark brown eyes. “Look HR stands for Human Resources… I’m human, and I’m a resource,” James said as if that somehow explained everything.
“Yes, you are a resource to scandal and how to cover it up,” Roberta said.
James laughed and raised his right hand up for a high-five. “You got that right.” Roberta slapped his hand.
Claire shook her head. “Guys, really, we need to do something.”
Roberta crossed her arms, her well-endowed plump breasts spilling over her arms. “What do you suggest Claire?” 
Claire began pacing the floor. Her shiny black stiletto’s click-clacked as she walked back and forth. Her mug of coffee was still in her hand. “Hmmmm….”
“Uh, oh…” Roberta elbowed James. “She’s really thinking about this.”
James raised his eyebrows.
“Well, my brother would probably soften up Sarah.”
“Which one?” Roberta asked.
“The only one who lives out here,” Claire said. She sat down at the table. She put her elbows on the table and cradled her chin in her right palm. “My other brothers are in Texas. Jeremy is the only one living out here in Cali.”
“What does he do?” James asked.
“He’s an elementary school teacher in Beach City.”
“Hmmm…. The beach will work, but I doubt Sarah will go for a teacher,” James said. He shook his head doubtfully. 
“Yeah, I have to agree with James, Claire. I think Sarah is only into the six or seven figure kind of guys. Doctors, lawyers, politicians… you know?”
“But maybe that’s the problem. She has been spending most of her time looking for the materialist stuff or the stuff that looks good on paper but what she really needs is what fits into her true heart.”
“This coming from a woman who has a different boy toy every other week,” James said.
“Hey… we aren’t talking about me,” Claire said defensively. “Keep the focus on Sarah.”
James glanced at the time on his cellphone. “Well, I have to return to HR mode.” He stood and clapped his hands twice to show emphasis. “We need to get to work ladies.” James straightened his gray dress jacket then brushed off his black dress pants. He felt his tie and straightened it as well.
Roberta grunted as she rose to her five foot two inches. “You tall people get on my nerves,” she said out of the blue. “Really Claire, why the heels? You already tower over me in flats.”
Claire only stood straighter, “I feel empowered in heels. You should try it sometimes Roberta.”
“Oh honey, I’ve been there and done that in my twenties. When you get to be my age, you go for comfort.”
As they walked out the door and entered the world of fluorescent lights and cubicles, Claire said, “I’ll call or IM you guys when I’m ready for lunch.”
“Okay,” both James and Roberta said in unison.
A few minutes later, Claire slid into her desk that was directly in front of Sarah Alexander’s office. Being Sarah’s personal and administrative assistant was challenging. Roberta and James didn’t witness the mood swings from Sarah as she had. They didn’t know Sarah the way she did. Claire knew for certain Sarah was lonely. She believed Sarah worked as hard and as long as she did in order to avoid the loneliness.
***
Jeremy Buchanan was standing in front of the flag pole at Beach City Elementary with a microphone in his hand. The elementary school students and faculty were all gathered around the pole for the morning announcements. He wasn’t only the third-grade teacher, but he was also the vice principle as well. Often times he was the one providing the school with updates and reminders of upcoming events. He was five feet four, muscular, wore dress shoes most days. Today was Monday, so he was in dress attire. Black dress shoes, gray dress slacks and a simple white polo shirt. His chest muscles bulged a bit; his biceps were well defined as he held the mic in one hand and a sheet of paper in the other. He was wearing prescription sunglasses since the sun shone down on him as if it were a spotlight made just for him. “We have three birthday’s today. Twins Jessica and Rebecca from third grade and Robert from fifth grade. Are we ready to sing?” Jeremy asked the crowd.
“Yes!” Most of the crowd shouted.
“Okay, on the count of three… one… two…. Three…” Jeremy said enthusiastically. Everyone began singing happy birthday.
When the singing was over Jeremy announced, “Okay, everyone. That’s the announcements for the day. Choose to have a great day. You only have a bad one if you make it one.” 
The teachers along with their aides led their students to their respective classrooms.
As Jeremy was walking his class, one of the student’s mother’s walked alongside him. “Hi Mr. Buchanan. I was wondering if we could meet after school to talk about my daughter.”
“Oh, sure, anytime.  Who is your daughter?” Jeremy asked. He stopped in front of his classroom, gesturing the kids to go inside. He stood next to the doorway and turned to look at the mother for the first time. She was an inch shorter than he was. She was slim with brunette curly hair pulled back into a stylish ponytail. She wore jeans and a tight fitting magenta t-shirt. He tried not to appreciate her figure; it was a challenge but nonetheless, he succeeded. 
“I’m Leslie Jenkins. Lori Jenkins is your student.”
He smiled when he noticed the resemblance between mother and daughter. He glanced inside the classroom and saw that Lori just happened to be wearing her curly brunette hair just like her mom and was also wearing jeans. “I can see that.” He crossed his arms then looked into her brown eyes. “What did you need to talk to me about?”
“Well, her father and I are getting a divorce and I just want to talk about the best way to keep Lori’s grades on track and to make sure her father doesn’t pick her up. He doesn’t have custody right now. I just… well… I would like to discuss further later today if you don’t mind.”
He uncrossed his arms, took a deep breath then nodded in agreement. “Of course. I understand. Divorce and custody battles can take a toll on the kids. Yes, we can meet. Would three o’clock later today work?”
Leslie gently placed a slim French manicured hand on his right bicep. “Oh, thank you, I truly appreciate it.”
“No problem. I will see you later,” Jeremy said.
She removed her hand then turned to leave. Jeremy did his best not to stare at her rear end as she walked away. He walked into his classroom then closed the door. “Okay, class, let’s get started.” He clapped his hands once then stood front and center of the class.
***
Around eleven o’clock Sarah called Claire into her office. Claire took a seat directly across from her boss with a notepad and pen in her hand. Claire studied Sarah for a few minutes as she waited for her to wrap up an email she was sending. Sarah tended to wear her chestnut brown hair slicked back into a French twist on a daily basis. She wondered if she ever wore her hair down during the weekends. She wondered if Sarah even had weekends. What did she do on the weekends? She obviously worked out. She was slim but curvy. She had the narrow waist to die for. Claire knew all of her brothers would appreciate Sarah’s backside and breasts. Sarah’s breasts were probably a borderline B/C. Was it appropriate to be wondering what size breast your boss was? Claire shook her head. She was thinking of her brothers…. It was appropriate. 
“What’s your preference in men?” Claire asked without thinking. Sarah was still typing her email but stopped in shock to stare at Claire.
“Excuse me?” Sarah asked.
“What’s your preference in men? Like, do you have to have a man who earns six, seven or eight figures per year? Does it matter? Does height matter? Does nationality matter?”
Sarah frowned and tilted her head, “Um, Claire, don’t you think that is a little personal?”
“Well, you hired me as your administrative assistant and your personal assistant. So I think it’s part of my job to assist your personal life as well.”
Sarah blinked.
“Sarah?” Claire asked.
“Yes?” Sarah asked.
“So… tell me….”
Sarah cleared her throat. “Not that it really is any of your concern. The amount of money a man makes doesn’t matter to me. I make my own. Height though, I do prefer for him to be taller than me. I’ve been self-conscious of my height all my life. I was always made to feel like an amazon alien because I’ve always been tall.”
“How tall are you anyway?” Claire asked.
“Five ten.”
“Hmmm….” Claire thought. Her mouth tweaked to the right side of her mouth. “If the man treated you like a queen would you overlook the height?”
“I don’t know Claire…” Sarah admitted. She waved her hand dismissively, exasperated by the conversation. “Let me wrap up this email then we can get back to work.”
“Fine,” Claire said with a pout. She continued to think of her brother Jeremy. Then realized she hadn’t answered the other question, “What about nationality? You didn’t answer that one.”
“Oh, good grief Claire. I’m creole. I am probably mixed with every nationality known to the human race… Nationality doesn’t matter, okay. And, no, I will not go on any blind dates ever so stop plotting now.”
Dejected, Claire slouched in her seat. “Fine,” she said in a low voice.


CHAPTER TWO

At lunch time, James drove Roberta and Claire to a food court at a nearby shopping mall. Claire was sitting in the back seat of James red mustang convertible. “She asked me to be in charge of the Thanksgiving Day Benefit again this year. I am always in charge of the benefit,” Claire whined.
“That’s because you are so good at it,” Roberta said. “No one is more organized than you are Claire.”
“Yes, but someone else needs to do it this year. I planned on going to Texas to be with my parents and other brothers for Thanksgiving this year.”
“Well, do you know who else can do it?”
James parked the car then they all got out of the car. Claire frowned then mumbled under her breath, “Why can’t one of you?”
Roberta stopped walking and turned to stare up at Claire. “Did I just hear you right? You want me or James to run the benefit?”
Claire took a deep breath in and then a slow breath out. “Well…. Yes.”
James immediately countered with, “Well… um…. No. Heck to the no.” James shook his head adamantly. “I am not built to be in charge of any form of benefit anything.”
“Really?” Claire asked. “You are supposed to be human resources James! You deal with benefits every day… if you ask me, I think HR should be in charge of this whole annual thing anyway.”
Roberta shook her head and silently resumed walking towards the food court. She stood in line for a taco stand while James and Claire went to a Chinese food stand. Claire and James continued arguing while they were placing their orders. By the time they all had their trays of food, Claire said, “Well, James, I think that is an excellent idea, and I accept your challenge.”
“Oh shi… shh… shoot,” James said with disbelief and frustration evident in his voice.
Roberta was already sitting at one of the concrete round tables in the middle of the mall’s courtyard. She gestured for the two of them to have a seat at the table. “What are you two talking about?”
“Well, the brilliant James here has challenged me to a bet.”
Roberta blinked, pursed her lips then said, “Why do I get the feeling that I’m somehow a part of this bet?”
Claire smiled her sparkling perfect white teeth smile with dimples, then announced, “If I get my brother and Sarah Alexander to go on a date before the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, you two have to cover the benefit and I get to fly out to Texas.”
“What’s in it for me?” Roberta asked.
“A happy boss,” Claire said.
Roberta rolled her eyes.
“Look, it’s not fair that I’m always expected to turn down Thanksgiving Day invitations every year. I wouldn’t mind doing it… in fact most of the time; I enjoy doing it, but I miss my brothers, and my Aunt Judy will be there. I just want Thanksgiving with my family this year, okay?”
James slumped his shoulders as he jabbed his orange chicken with a fork. He looked at Roberta.
“Well…” Roberta thought for a moment, “Fine. It’s a fair deal. Maybe I will help out even if you lose… maybe.”
There was a sudden spark in Claire’s eyes, and she grinned again. “Thanks, Roberta.”
“Pssst… I’m telling you now. If you lose, you are washing my car, buying me lunch for a week AND taking care of the benefit…. Putting me through this stress….” He shook his head.
When Claire returned from lunch, she found Sarah sitting at her desk with a scowl on her face. She tried to quietly return back to her desk unnoticed but as she was sitting down her chair made a squeaking sound. She quietly cursed the chair. “Claire! Are you back? Come in here, please.”
Claire groaned, grabbed a notepad and pen and entered her Sarah’s chamber. “Do you know who prepared the contract with Grover’s Law Offices? They are informing me we agreed to free repairs for an additional year. I reviewed it just now and yes… we did. Why? Who would do that?”
“Don’t you think you need to contact the legal department to find that out? I mean the clients themselves are lawyers.”
Sarah’s hands deformed into claws. “That’s not the point. You usually know who is working on what contract and thought it would be easier to go to you. Oh… ugh.” Sarah abruptly placed both of her elbows on the table then squeezed her head with her hands.
Claire’s face contorted. She would think that much pressure applied to one’s own head would cause it to explode. She slowly attempted to back out without Sarah noticing. “Get Legal on the phone. I need to figure this out.”
“Okay,” Claire nodded then returned to her desk. The rest of the day pretty much was consumed with tracking down people whom Sarah needed to speak to immediately and setting up urgent meetings. Claire’s own head was throbbing from witnessing Sarah in action. Did the woman ever smile? She couldn’t remember. 
At the end of the day, she was walking out to the parking lot with Roberta and James. “So have you come up with a plan of how you are going to get your brother to date Sarah?” Roberta asked.
“All I need is for the two of them to meet. I’m almost sure of it,” Claire said with fake confidence.
“I’m telling you. If your brother isn’t a millionaire, he has no chance with Sarah,” James said.
“Well, my brothers in Texas are wealthy but Jeremy isn’t. He isn’t materialistic.”
“Don’t you think it’s a waste of time then?” James asked.
“I think she should try,” Roberta said, shrugging her shoulders. “I don’t think Sarah is as superficial as you make her out to be.”
“Thank you, Roberta,” Claire said. She clicked a button on her key chain. Her Honda Accord beeped twice. 
James was standing next to his mustang and appeared a bit worried. “So what’s your plan?”
Claire grinned. “They will meet each other tomorrow.”


Jeremy was sitting at his desk after school, grading papers. He could have taken them home and worked from home, but he tried his best to not bring work home. His cell phone rang. He glanced at caller ID and saw that it was his only sister. “Hey Claire,” he said with a smile.
“Hey Jeremy, what are you doing?”
“Grading papers. What’s up?” He leaned back in his chair and stared up at the holes in the classroom ceiling.
“Are you planning to go to Texas for Thanksgiving this year?” Claire asked.
“I was thinking about it, why?”
“Me too… I was just curious. Hey… um…. Would you ever consider going out with a woman who was a lot taller than you?”
“Depends… how tall? And how does she look? What’s her story?”
“I’m just asking…. She would be five ten.” Claire avoided the other questions.
Jeremy shook his head with a grin. He knew his sister well. She never asked a question just for the sake of asking. She was scheming. He could practically hear her brain at work. “That’s kind of tall for me. I’d need a ladder just to kiss her.”
Claire laughed. “What if she’s beautiful?”
“I’d consider it,” he said honestly. “It’s the attitude that has to be beautiful too though.”
“Oh,” Claire said in a whisper.
He shook his head. “I don’t do blind date sis. You know that. So stop the scheming now.”
“Well,” Claire coughed. “What about if you met her before going on a date? Would that work?”
“Depends… I’m not interested in starting a relationship right now Claire. Just, please…. Stop the scheming now.” He warned her seriously.
“Ah man…” she groaned. “Well, I have to get ready for a date with Carl. I’ll talk to you later. Love you.”
“Love you too sis,” Jeremy said. He pressed the end button on his cell phone then shook his head. He tried to mentally brace himself. He knew his sister would not give up. His guess was she would contact him at some point during this week and somehow manage for him to meet the mystery woman she was trying to set him up with.
 

CHAPTER THREE

It was Wednesday; Claire had a little less than three weeks to get her boss and brother to go on a date. She was sitting at her desk creating a spreadsheet per Sarah’s request when Sarah asked her to come into her office. Claire took her usual seat in front of Sarah and studied her boss for a few minutes. Sarah was in a gray suit with a white rayon dress shirt. She wore simple gold studded earrings, and moderate make up which gave a natural look but enhanced her caramel complexion, long lashes and full lips. Claire assumed she was wearing lip gloss. Jeremy would fall for her. She was certain of it.
“Have you ever been married?” Claire asked, flicking her black pen back and forth, tapping on the small notepad she was holding.
Sarah stopped typing and stared at Claire. “Excuse me?”
“You heard my question….” Claire sighed. “Have you ever been married?”
Sarah blinked, cleared her throat then said. “Yes, as a matter of fact. I was very young. We divorced after only three months.”
Claire’s mouth dropped open from shock. She thought Sarah was incapable of making mistakes. Marrying the wrong person at a young age could classify as a mistake, right?
“You can close your mouth now Claire. As I said, I was young.” Sarah resumed to typing out the email she was working on. “I’d also appreciate it if you didn’t address me in that tone anymore either.”
“So have you had any serious relationships since?” 
“I don’t have time for serious relationships. I’ve been building my career, and now I’m trying to keep it. I don’t have time for nonsense,” Sarah said with a wave of her hand.
“Love isn’t nonsense,” Claire said, thinking of Carl with a sigh. She had to admit to herself that she was falling hard for Carl. 
Sarah shook her head. “Why the sudden interest in my personal life? You’ve been my assistant for over five years now. Why the sudden inquisition?”
“Maybe because for the past five years I haven’t seen you smile.”
Sarah frowned. 
“See…” Claire said pointedly, pointing her pen at her boss. “Look at yourself in the mirror right now. That expression right there is the one that you normally wear… or you have your elbows on your desk, and you squeeze your head super hard. One day I will have to call 911 because you are going to explode. You need to have some fun.” 
Sarah glanced at a small round mirror she kept near her computer. She tilted her head to the side. “So, you’ve made it your mission to put love and fun into my life?” She narrowed her eyes and glanced at Claire.
“As a matter of fact, yes,” Claire said, confidently. She made an effort to sit up straighter in her seat.
“Please stop,” Sarah said. “I am perfectly happy the way things are in my life right now.” 
Claire squinted her eyes at Sarah but didn’t say anything further.
“Now, let’s get to work,” Sarah said, changing the subject.

During lunch, it was decided to eat in the company cafeteria. James, Roberta and Claire were sitting outside on the patio. It was a sunny clear day in Palm Hills, California. Claire leaned back in the plastic chair, stretched out her arms and closed her eyes soaking in the sun for a moment. She smiled.
“So any update on Operation Set Up?” James asked as he bit into a French fry. 
“Baby steps James…. Baby steps.” Claire dipped one of her taquito’s into a pile of guacamole then took a bite. She moaned from the satisfied taste.
“Well, you have less than three weeks Claire. You might need a little bit more than baby steps,” Roberta said with a warning. She played with her soggy grilled cheese sandwich not eating much.
“Hey, I thought you were on my side…” Claire whined, glancing at Roberta.
“I’m on my side,” Roberta clarified. She shook her head. “I’ve got enough to deal with at home. I don’t need drama here at work.”
James asked, “What’s going on at home?”
Roberta sighed. “My daughter and granddaughter moved in last night. She’s divorcing her no good husband.” She shook her head. “At least the court granted her full custody… for now. He’s appealing of course.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Claire said, gently placing a hand on her friend’s arm.
“Oh, it’s all going to be okay. I’m glad she finally left him,” Roberta said. She shook her head and refocused the conversation. “So, what’s your plan?” Roberta asked Claire.
She grinned then said with determination, “They will meet today.”
“Humph…” James huffed, crossing his arms.
“Uh, oh… I’ve seen that look in Claire’s eyes before. James…. Don’t make any plans for Thanksgiving,” Roberta said with a small laugh.
“Humph…” James puffed again.
At four o’clock, at the end of Claire’s work shift, she grabbed her little black designer purse, and a letter opened then wandered out to the parking lot. She approached her car then glanced around to see if anyone was close by. When she saw that the coast was clear, she made the sign of the cross said a small prayer to be forgiven for what she was about to do, then stabbed the letter opener into the front passenger tire. Her heart was racing, and she was sure her face was flushed. You would think she was vandalizing someone else’s car and not her own. She heard the fizz as air leaked its way out of the tire. She rushed back into the building. The security officer squinted his eyes at her. She wondered if he had witnessed the whole thing on video.
She rushed back to her desk then shoved the letter opener back into her desk drawer. Then said loudly. “I can’t believe it! I just can’t… what am I going to do?” She paced dramatically back in forth in front of Sarah’s office. The door to her office was open. Sarah glanced up and frowned.
“Someone popped my tire,” Claire said with an exaggerated whine.
“What? Why would someone do that?” Sarah said. She slid from her desk chair then walked out of her office to join Sarah. “Do you want me to call security? They probably have it on video.”
Claire’s eyes widened, but she shook her head then said, “Oh, no. I will call my brother. He’ll know what to do.”
“Your brother?”
“Yes.”
“Okay,” Sarah said. “Well, let me know if you need anything.” Sarah turned back to her office then resumed to sitting at her desk typing something on her computer.
Claire let out a sigh of relief then pulled her cell phone out of her purse. She punched in her brother’s number. On the third ring, he answered. “Hey Claire, what’s up?”
“Um… Jeremy, someone popped my tire. Do you think you can come by my job and change the tire? Please…”
Jeremy immediately felt suspicious and alert. “Don’t you have the auto club membership? They can change the tire at no extra charge.”
Claire stomped her stiletto heeled foot then thought quickly and lied, “Oh, no… it canceled. I haven’t had a chance to renew the membership.” She did her best to sound stressed.
Jeremy knew out of everyone in his family Claire was the most organized out of the bunch. He knew she was never late for any bills and was in the habit of paying them early. “What are you up to Claire?” He asked.
“Noth… nothing… please Jeremy. I need help. You’re the only brother who lives close to me…. Please,” she begged.
He let out a sigh, “Fine; I will be there in twenty minutes.” He disconnected the call.
Claire pumped her fist in the air in victory.
“Everything okay Claire?” Sarah called out from her office.
“Oh… yes. My brother will be here in twenty minutes.”
“Oh… okay,” Sarah said. “Mind typing up a memo while you wait?”
Claire groaned but said, “Okay.” 
***
Twenty minutes later, Jeremy called Claire from the parking lot to let her know he was there. She said she would send out her boss to give him the keys to her car. She made up an excuse about needing to go to the bathroom. Jeremy stood next to his sister’s car with his hands on his hips, shaking his head. Less than five minutes later, a tall, leggy woman with caramel complexion, chestnut brown hair pulled back into a tight bun walked towards him. She had a scowl on her face and looked rigid in her gray business suit. She was holding Claire’s keys in her right hand. “Hi,” the woman said, “You must be Jeremy?” She stopped in front of him, holding the keys out with her index finger.
“Yes, you must be the boss,” he smiled, looking up at her. She didn’t smile back. Ouch.
She nodded and crossed her arms. “You’re sister has been acting quite strange lately. Everything okay?” 
“Well, nothing that I am aware of.”
“Why didn’t she call the auto club?” Sarah asked.
“That’s what I asked,” Jeremy said. “Well, guess I should get to changing this tire so we can all go home, right?”
“Right,” Sarah said. She nodded her head. “It was nice to meet you.” She didn’t wait for his response but turned to go back into the building instead. 
Claire met Jeremy in the parking lot fifteen minutes later. “Hi Jeremy, sorry for taking so long. Thanks for coming out.” He was almost done tightening the bolts on the spare tire. 
“You know it kind of looks like a letter opener might have been the cause for the slashed tire,” Jeremy said suspiciously.
“Oh, what? Really?”
“Were you trying to set me up with your rigid boss?” Jeremy asked as he continued to tighten the bolts.
Claire’s eyes widened, and she shook her head vigorously in denial. “Oh… no… of course not. Why would I do that?”
“Who knows…?” Jeremy said. “I also remembered Dad teaching you how to change the tire and oil a long time ago.”
“But come on, Jeremy, look at me,” Claire said seriously. She used her manicured hands and moved them up and down the white mini dress she was wearing. 
Jeremy smirked. “Uh, huh…. Well…. Look at me.” He mimicked her hand gestures to himself. He was in black dress slacks and a white polo shirt.
“But, you’re a guy.” She said as if that explained everything.
He shook his head. When he was done, he stood up and looked up at his sister. He looked her in the eye. “No more scheming sis. We are both too old for this nonsense. I do not want to be set up. I especially don’t want to be set up with a woman who is rigid and doesn’t know how to smile.”
“But…” Claire said, pouting.
“No, but’s. This is it. Okay?”
Claire frowned. “Fine.”


CHAPTER FOUR

On Friday, Sarah was predictably in her office typing up yet, another email when her cell phone vibrated. She glanced at the caller ID and saw that it was her sister-in-law. Her sister-in-law rarely called her during business hours and during her work week schedule. So, she knew it had to be something important. “Hi Kim, everything okay?” She asked, holding the cellphone pressed to her ear with the aid of her right shoulder as she continued to type her email.
“I’m stuck in traffic and looks like I won’t be able to get back for at least a couple of hours or so. Can you please pick up the twins from school and watch them until I get to your house?”
Sarah stopped typing from the surprise. “Um… I… what school do they go to?”
“Beach City Elementary. It should take you about thirty minutes from your office to get there. If you leave in about ten minutes. I know you are busy, but I don’t have any other options… please.”
“You know I live in Beach City too. So I know how long it takes,” Sarah said, snappishly.
“Right. I forget that you only live a couple of blocks away from us since we rarely see you,” Kim retaliated.
“Um… I….” Sarah had not spent much time with her nieces except for family obligation events. She wasn’t sure what she would do with them for the time they would be waiting for Kim to pick them up.
“Sarah, please pick them up. I don’t know what else to do. Please…. Your brother is in Vegas for a convention. I just had a meeting in Fresno. The twins spent the night at my neighbor’s house last night then they took them to school… I wouldn’t ask you unless I really, really needed you right now. Besides you really should spend more time with your God children, you know?”
The Catholic guilt immediately slipped into her soul. She let out a sigh. “Okay… fine… yes, I will pick them up. Do I need to go to the school’s office or what do I need to do?”
“Yes, you can go to the office and tell them who you are. Bring your ID. You are on the emergency contact list so you should not have a problem.”
“Okay, what time do they get out?” Sarah asked.
“Two thirty,” Kim said.
Sarah glanced at the clock on her desk. It was almost two o’clock now. She’d have to basically leave right after she disconnected with Kim. “Okay, I will pick them up and see you at my place.”
“Thank you so, so much. I will call the school and let them know. I owe you,” Kim said, then disconnected the call.
“Claire!” Sarah called out from her office as she shut down her laptop and started shoving files into her black leather carrying case. “Claire,” she called out one more time.
Claire appeared with her hair in a slicked back ponytail and hooped earrings, black jumper and carrying a notepad and pen. 
“Surprise! If you’ve done all you need to do for the day, you can go home early today. I have to pick up my nieces.”
Claire’s eyes widened, “What?” This was the first time ever that Sarah had ever allowed her to go home early.
“I know… it’s a rare, rare thing…. But seriously, if you’ve done all you need to do today, you can go home. I’ll finish up later tonight from home.”
“Wow, thank you,” Claire said with an enormous smile then rushed back to her desk to grab her purse before her boss changed her mind.
***
At Beach City Elementary, Jeremy was on carpool duty: making sure students were going with whom they were supposed to be going home with, monitoring parking lot etiquette, and basically protecting the safety and well-being of the students. There were arrows clearly marked in the parking lot to show the flow of one way traffic, meaning one way in and one way out. He was watching a couple of kids board the school bus when he heard yelling. He moved away from the bus to witness a silver Mercedes enter the lot from the wrong direction, which wreaked havoc in the lot of parents and students. He massaged the back of his neck and signaled the car to back up and go around to the other side of the street. Because of the reflection of the sun on the windshield, he could not see the driver’s face. A couple of cars tooted their horns, and he could hear a few colorful curse words coming from other drivers. The driver of the Mercedes finally caught on and backed out of the parking lot into the street then drove around to the entrance part of the lot…. All was well. 
Or so he thought until a couple of single mom’s approached him. “Hi Mr. Buchanan. How are you?”
I will be great as soon as I get home, have a beer in my hand and watch some football. He wanted to say but instead said, “I’m good, how are you ladies?”
“Oh, well, we were just talking and Sheila hear thinks that she should give you her number so the two of you could go out. But, I was saying that was a bad idea since I really think you and I should go out… at least one… or twice… or more.” 
Jeremy placed his hands on his hips and cleared his throat. “Sorry ladies, but we have a policy here at the school… no dating students’ parents.” He completely made that up, of course, but they didn’t need to know that.
Both of the women narrowed their eyes. “Hmm…. Too bad. Well, if anything changes, here’s both of our numbers.” One of them said and handed him a small piece of yellow notebook paper with their names and phone numbers scribbled on it.
He smacked his lips, closed his eyes patiently and politely accepted the piece of paper, which he planned to toss into a trash can as soon as he had a chance. 
“Have a good rest of the day Mr. Buchanan,” one of the ladies said as the each waved and walked away.
Jeremy shook his head. He glanced around the parking lot. The afterschool traffic died down quite a bit. He noticed that the twins from his class were still lingering in the parking lot. They were both caramel complexion with brunette hair pulled back into a ponytail. One had a blue backpack, while the other had a pink one. Both were in blue jeans and red sweatshirts. “Rebecca, Jessica… why don’t you come to the office until your mom or dad gets here?”
The two third graders followed him to the school’s office. When they entered the office, there was a tall woman, who looked vaguely familiar, talking to the school’s receptionist. She resembled the twins except her hair was lighter, more of a chestnut brown color. Her hair was slick back into a tight bun though so he didn’t know if it was curly or not. She was leaning against the desk with her palms spread out. She was wearing a black mini skirt with black tights and black high heels. She wore a white rayon long sleeve dress shirt. Pearl earrings in her ears. A thick gold bracelet on her left wrist. Her attire screamed HIGH MAINTANENCE. But, boy, was she a knockout. 
“Aunt Sarah?” Rebecca and Jessica said in unison.
Sarah turned from the receptionist then stood up straight to face the girls.
Can she be any taller? Jeremy groaned.
“See, I told you I’m their aunt,” Sarah said to the receptionist.
“And I didn’t say I didn’t believe you. I only said we needed to wait for Mr. Buchanan.”
“Buchanan?” Sarah tilted her head. Recognition illuminated her face. A smile actually reached her lips and immediately reached her eyes. Jeremy felt his heart flutter. What the heck was that? His heart doesn’t flutter! He shook his head. Damn, she’s beautiful! He shook his head, trying to shake off the rush of hormones. He didn’t need this.
Sarah pointed to him. “You’re Sarah Buchanan’s brother, right? We met earlier this week, remember? You changed her tire. I gave you her keys.”
“Oh… right… I knew you looked familiar. You really should smile more often,” Jeremy said without thinking.
She tilted her head and blinked. Long thick eyelashes, beautiful dark brown eyes. Full lips. He felt hypnotized and mesmerized.
“Are you picking us up today Aunt Sarah?” Jessica asked the one with the pink backpack.
“Yes, Rebecca, I am.”
Jessica shook her head, “I’m Jessica,” then pointed to her sister, “she’s Rebecca.”
Sarah cleared her throat and smiled a tight smile this time. “Oh, well, it’s been a while. You know you two are identical, right?”
The receptionist said to Jeremy, “Mr. Buchanan; I’ve already checked Miss Alexander’s ID, and she is on the emergency contact list. Also, Rebecca and Jessica’s mom did call to say that Miss Alexander will be picking her up today.”
“Okay, it looks like you are clear to go.”
Sarah let out a heavy sigh. She didn’t appear too confident suddenly. 
“So, girls, don’t forget your spelling and vocab homework… oh and your math worksheet. They are all due Monday.”
Sarah frowned. “Who would assign homework on a Friday?”
“Oh… that would be me… their teacher and vice principal,” Jeremy said, matter-of-factly. He stood up straighter tilting his head to look up at her. 
“Um… oh… well, ready to go girls? Your mom will be picking you up later from my house.”
“Really? Yay! We get to spend time with you?” The one with the blue backpack said. So the blue pack back twin was the talkative one while the pink was more reserved. She’d get their names right before their mom picked them up. It was her mission. Suddenly she felt a little giddiness inside of her… but still an enormous amount of queasiness and uneasiness… what was she supposed to do with two third graders? How old were they anyway?
As they were walking to the parking lot, each of them holding Sarah’s hand, Sarah asked, “So how old are you two anyone?”
“Eight,” they both answered.
“Huh? When did that happen?” Sarah asked, surprised. “In two years you will be in the double digits... geesh!”
“That’s what dad says. He says that once we hit the double digits everything just falls apart,” Blue backpack said.
Sarah laughed then said, “Our dad use to say that.” They stopped in front of a silver Mercedes then Sarah let go of their hands. She pressed on her key chain. The alarm beeped twice. “Well, get in girls. Who wants to sit in the front?”
“Oh,” pink backpack said as she shook her head adamantly, “no… your car has air bags, right?”
“Yes, of course,” Sarah said looking down at the girls.
“Well, we aren’t allowed to sit in the front seat until we are twelve. It’s the law,” pink backpack said.
“Jessica, why do you have to go by the rules all the time? I could have sat in the front. Why don’t you keep your mouth shut? Dang,” Rebecca said.
Okay, got it… Jessica is pink and reserved. Rebecca is blue and the rebel. Hmm… Rebecca has a tiny mole near her left eye. “Rebecca, apologize to your sister. Never ever tell her to be quiet. Got it,” Sarah said squinting her eyes at Rebecca. Then she turned to look down at Jessica, her face softened. “Thank you for letting me know that. I personally don’t want to break any laws nor do I want to ever risk either of your lives. Always speak up and let your voice be heard. Okay?”
Jessica took a deep breath from what appeared to be relief then smiled a little. “Okay,” she whispered.
An hour and a half later the girls were finishing up their homework. They were both seated at Sarah’s oak kitchen table. “Aunt Sarah,” Jessica said quietly as she shoved her books and folders back into her backpack.
“Yes?” Sarah asked. She was sitting on the sofa in the living room, going through some reports for work. She had changed into shorts and a USC t-shirt. Even though, it was November it was in the eighties in Southern California.
“I’m hungry.”
“Oh,” Sarah blink. Right… I should probably feed them; she thought guiltily. “Well, I haven’t done much grocery shopping. Why don’t I order a pizza for all of us and your mom can eat some when she gets here.
“Alright!” Both Rebecca and Jessica shouted, then high-fived each other.
For a brief moment, Sarah wondered if she had just gotten played in some way by her nieces. “Do you have any preference of where we get the pizza or what’s on it?”
“Pepperoni and sausage please,” Rebecca answered for the both of them.
“Is that what you want too, Jessica?”
“Yes, please,” Jessica said with a smile.
Sarah felt her heart begin to swell with love. She really needed to spend more time with them. They were growing so fast. “And you both don’t care where I order it from.”
“Nope,” Rebecca said. 
Sarah glanced at Jessica for confirmation.
“Nope,” Jessica confirmed.
“Okay. Pizza coming up,” Sarah said as she searched for the nearest Pizza place that delivers. She found Paul’s Italian Pizzeria and placed their order.
The girls watched the Disney channel while they waited for the pizza. Thirty minutes later the pizza arrived. Just as Sarah was placing the pizza boxes on the granite kitchen countertop, her cell phone rang. She saw that it was her sister-in-law. “Hi Kim,” Sarah greeted before taking a bite out of a slice of pizza.
“Hi Sarah… um… would you be able to do a huge favor for your favorite brother and me?” Kim asked, sounding suspicious. 
“He’s the only sibling I have.”
Kim cleared her throat. “Look, things have been rough for both of us. Your brother just called me and asked if I could meet him in Vegas for the weekend. We really need some quality alone time together without the girls.”
Sarah felt her stomach begin to squeeze. Not sure she like what was coming next.
“Would you mind watching the girls this weekend? We would pick them up on Sunday night.”
“But… you said you were picking them up today,” Sarah said, dropping the pizza slice on a paper plate. 
The girls stopped eating as well and stared up at Sarah with wide eyes.
“What am I supposed to do with them for a whole weekend?”
“Get to know them,” Kim said.
“But…”
“Please Sarah… I rarely ask for any favors. I know you’re a busy woman too but, please… your brother and I really need this. Please…” Kim begged.
Sarah could hear the rare desperation in her sister-in-laws voice. “Okay, what about their clothes and toothbrushes… hair?”
“You have a key to our house still, right?”
“Yes, I suppose I can take them over there to pick up some clothes and other necessities.”
“Thank you so, so much Sarah,” then Kim disconnected.
Sarah had her left hand on her hip while her right was still holding her cell phone. She stared at the phone for what felt like hours but in reality was only a few seconds. 
“Aunt Sarah?” Rebecca asked worriedly. “What’s going on?”
Sarah cleared her throat. “Well, you two will be spending the weekend with me. I’ll take you over to your house after we eat to pick up a few things.”
Jessica and Rebecca stared at each other. Each of them raised their eyebrows questioningly. 


CHAPTER FIVE

At six o’clock on the dot, Sarah’s eyes fluttered open. She rarely needed to set an alarm because her body automatically woke up at that time, no matter how late she may have stayed up the previous day. She stared up at the ceiling and immediately began to mentally create a list of what she needed to accomplish for the day. She stopped though when she remembered her nieces were staying with her until tomorrow evening. She thunked her forehead with her right hand. What in the world am I supposed to do with two eight-year-old girls?
She supposed she should go into the guest bedroom and check on them. Her two-story condo was a nice size for a single woman. She had two bedrooms and two bathrooms upstairs while the living room, kitchen, half bath, and dining room were downstairs. 
Sarah rose from her bed. She was wearing simple, lightweight pajama pants with a matching short sleeve top. She dragged her feet her bedroom door and reached for the blue fuzzy robe hanging from a hook on the back of the door. After putting the robe on, she tied it tight around her. She turned the knob and looked to the door directly across from hers. The door was still closed; she quietly opened the door just a bit and took a peek inside. 
Rebecca had taken out her ponytail and had hair spread out every which way across her pillow. Her mouth was wide open, and she was spread out across most of the queen sized bed like a starfish, hardly any covers were on her. 
Jessica, on the other hand, still had her hair in a ponytail which was, in fact, now braided and still neat. She was wrapped up tight in a comforter as if in a cocoon and curled in a tiny ball on the edge of the left side of the bed. 
Sarah had to cover her mouth to hold in her laughter. What a sight her nieces were! She would love to have taken a picture of them now but didn’t want to risk waking them. Funny how they looked so much alike but had completely different personalities.
She decided to go downstairs have a cup of coffee and read the paper until the girls woke up. 
An hour and a half later, the girls both stomped downstairs yawning. “Good morning Aunt Sarah,” Jessica said.
“Good morning ladies,” Sarah greeted with a smile. “What would the two of you like to do today?”
“I’m hungry,” Rebecca said, eyes barely open and scratching her wild hair.
Jessica simply nodded in agreement. 
“Tell you what, why don’t you two get dress and ready for the day. Then, I will take us all out to breakfast. We can talk about what we will do while we eat. Sound good?”
“Yes,” Jessica said.
Rebecca nodded as she yawned again. The two turned back around and stomped up the stairs.
After breakfast, they decided to go shopping. Sarah felt the urge to spoil her nieces as a way to rid herself of the guilt from not seeing them often enough. They went to a bookstore. They all bought no less than five books each. She was happy to discover her nieces were avid readers. Then, they went to a few shopping boutiques along the pier. The twins saw matching dresses, of course, one was pink while the other was blue. They begged Sarah to get it for them. She finally agreed stating they could wear it to church tomorrow. The girls looked completely disappointed that they still had to go to church even though their parents were out of town. They groaned but agreed.
Soon they were all hungry again so stopped at a burger stand along the pier. “Do you want to go to the movies after this?” Sarah asked.
They were sitting at a wooden picnic table in front of the burger stand, facing the ocean. Jessica squelched up her nose and shook her head. Rebecca shook her head shortly after Jessica. 
Rebecca admitted, “I’m tired. Can we go back to your house? I wanna start reading one of my books.” There was a sparkle in her brown eyes.
Sarah smiled proudly. “Absolutely. Sounds like a great idea to me. I’d like to start reading one of mine too.” She rarely had time to read for pleasure anymore ever since she was promoted to VP over five years ago. She thought back for a moment. In fact, this was the first weekend she had taken off in the same amount of time. She thought of Claire for a moment. Wondering if maybe her assistant was right. Maybe she did need to lighten up a bit and have some fun.

Sunday morning took a lot of coaxing and bribing to get the girls dressed and ready to go to nine o’clock mass. She pulled up in her Mercedes just a few minutes before nine. Saint Michael’s parking lot was nearly full. She was lucky to find a parking spot near one of the exits. “Let’s go ladies,” Sarah said.
Sarah was wearing her black dress slacks, black pumps and form fitting white shirt. Her chestnut hair was down and pressed straight falling to the middle of her back. She wore minimal makeup- mascara and lip gloss. She held each of their hands as they walked to the church entrance. They scooted into the second to last pew, knelt to say a short pray then rose as the procession began.
During the first reading, Sarah looked around the church out of habit. When it was time to rise to their feet, her eyes landed on the rear end the man in the next pew directly in front of her. Her lip curled up a bit to a little devious smile. Wow! What a perfect butt! She thought. She immediately placed her hands to her cheeks, embarrassed by the thought. She was in church for crying out loud. She tilted her head and observed the rest of the man. He had a small waist that expanded to a V as her eyes roamed all the way up to his shoulders. His shoulders were broad. His hair light brown and curly at the top but trimmed on the sides. Perfect ears from where she was sitting. He was short. She guessed him to be about five four or so. She tilted her head again, and a sly smile appeared on her lips. I could wrap my legs around him and swallow him up. Her eyes widened. What was wrong with her? Why was she having these thoughts during mass and for a complete stranger? She said a tiny prayer, God, please forgive me. Don’t strike me down with lightning or anything… please. 
“Aunt Sarah,” Jessica whispered, tugging on her left hand. “Are you okay?”
Sarah simply nodded.
“Are you sure?” Rebecca asked to the right of her. 
Sarah nodded again.
“You have a little bit of sweat on your forehead,” Rebecca said.
The mass continued. When it was time to shake hands with church-goers around them as a sign of peace, the man, she had been drooling overturned around and made direct eye contact with Sarah. She blinked when she realized it was Jeremy Buchanan. “Oh, hello,” Jeremy said, he outstretched his right arm to shake Sarah’s. “Peace be with you,” he said as their hands touched.
As soon as Sarah’s hand touched his, she felt sparks ignite inside her. Something she had never felt before. Her stomach immediately reacted by flipping around doing summersaults rapidly. Her throat felt strangely overly watered then completely dry. She was barely able to say, “Peace be with you,” back to him. He paused and his lips curled into a smile. There was definitely a spark in his eyes. He finally let go of Sarah’s hand then offered his hand to each of the girls, taking turns to shake.
When Jeremy turned around, Sarah had to fan herself with one of the envelopes from the pew pockets. “Are you sure you’re okay Aunt Sarah?” Rebecca asked again. “Because, I have no problem with us leaving.”
Sarah continued to fan herself and shook her head. Despite her hormonal panic attack in progress, her eyes wandered back over to Jeremy’s derriere. Talk about a perfect piece of… Stop it! She argued with herself. Stop it now! She forced her eyes to go back to focusing at the front of the church. She managed to go through the rest of mass without gazing or rather drooling over Jeremy.
At the end of mass as they were exiting the church, Jeremy waited by the massive brown door to the main entrance. Sarah and the girls each shook the priest’s hand then shoveled out. “Hi,” Jeremy said. “Sarah, right?” He was in khaki pants and a light green polo shirt which matched his eyes. 
Her heart pitter-pattered. She cleared her throat then offered a shaky smile. “Yes.”
“I didn’t know you went to this church. Do you live out here in Beach City?” Jeremy asked. 
She nodded. “Yes, I moved here a couple of years ago. I’ve been coming here almost every Sunday since I moved here. I never noticed you here before either.”
“Strange, huh?”
She simply nodded, not knowing what else to say. She stood up straighter and had that old Amazon Giant feeling. She felt frustrated inside. Why did she have to get cursed with the tall gene?
“Um,” Jeremy bit the side of his mouth then cleared his throat. He appeared a bit awkward and uncomfortable shifting side to side. Get it together man! He shouted to himself. I am a strong, confident, competent man. I can ask a beautiful woman out. I can do this…. The worst thing that can happen is she says no… in front of two of my students…. Uh boy! Stop it! I am doing this. I am going for it. Sparks like that don’t just happen for no reason. “Um…” he repeated shifting from foot to foot still.
“Well,” Sarah said, taking a deep breath in and slow breath out. “I guess I will see you next Sunday then?”
“Oh, um… actually…” he raised his right index finger up. “I haven’t eaten breakfast yet. Would you ladies like to go out for breakfast with me this morning?”
Rebecca and Jessica eyed each other questioningly. Sarah’s lips curled into a smile. “I’d love to. Girls, what do you think?”
“I’m always hungry,” Rebecca said. “Sounds good to me.”
“Okay,” Jessica agreed.
Jeremy raised his eyebrows from pure surprise. “Really?”
Sarah laughed. “Sure, why not?”
In his mind, Jeremy was jumping up and down throwing fist pumps in the air. He felt giddy inside.
“How about we meet you at The Yellow Waffle House on Main Street?” Sarah suggested.
“Okay, meet you there.”
The Yellow Waffle House was predictably packed, but the hostess said they should be seated in approximately ten minutes. There was room for all four of them to wait on a long yellow cushioned bench inside of the restaurant. “So, did you girls do all your homework?” Jeremy asked, not know what else to talk about.
Rebecca rolled her eyes. “Really Mr. Buchanan, that’s all you’ve got?”
Jessica elbowed her sister. “Don’t be rude Becky.” She leaned forward so she could see Mr. Buchanan’s face. “Yes, Aunt Sarah made us do our homework as soon as we got to her house on Friday.”
He cleared his throat. “So are your parents on vacation this weekend?”
Sarah nodded for them. “Yes, they are partying it up in Vegas. They will be back later this evening.”
“Well, that was nice of you to keep them,” Jeremy said.
“Yep. Aunt Sarah is fun,” Jessica said.
Rebecca rolled her eyes.
Sarah wrapped an arm around Jessica and kissed the top of her head. It had been a long time since anyone labeled her as fun. She grinned from the compliment.
“See, there it is again,” Jeremy said, pointing an index finger at her. “Your smile just lights up the place.”
Rebecca rolled her eyes again then stuck a finger in her mouth as if she were going to gag herself.
“Hey, do you like the 80’s or something Rebecca?” Jeremy asked. 
Rebecca shook her head and frowned from confusion.
“’Cause that was a total valley girl 80’s move you did there,” Jeremy explained with a chuckle.
“Oh yeah, totally,” Sarah added in a valley girl accident, “Like… ommigosh… totally for sure…. Gag me with a spoon… hit me with a pickup truck.”
Jeremy and Jessica laughed, but Rebecca scowled. “You guys are weird.”
Just then the hostess announced, “Jeremy, party of four.” They all stood and followed the waitress to a booth. The girls took one side forcing Jeremy and Sarah to sit next to each other.
“Girls are you okay with having breakfast with me? It must be weird to have breakfast with your teacher, right? You don’t feel weird about it or anything, do you?”
Jessica shook her head to say no while Rebecca remained quiet and stared at him.
“Are you okay Rebecca?” Sarah asked.
“Yes,” she finally said but rolled her eyes for the umpteenth time.
“So a bird told me since we are no longer allowed to have Christmas concerts at our public school, we are going to have a holiday school talent show,” Jeremy said.
“Oh, how fun,” Sarah said.
“I think it’s lame that they won’t let us have a Christmas play this year,” Rebecca said. “I wanted to play Mary. I was so sure I would get the part.”
Jessica nodded but said, “Well, we can do something together and enter the show.”
Rebecca’s mouth twisted to the side. “I guess so. What do you want to do?”
Just then, the waitress appeared. “Are you all ready to order or do you need a little more time?”
“Oh, I already know what I want,” Rebecca said, her tone completely changed to enthusiasm, “I want the colossal stack of waffles with strawberry and extra whip cream and four extra-extra crispy bacon but not burnt. Oh… and a glass of milk when the waffles are ready but not before, because the milk doesn’t taste right if it’s just sitting here while waiting for the waffles.” The waitress looked as if she wanted to say something but was biting her tongue. Instead, she nodded and scribbled Rebecca’s order down. 
Jessica said simply, “I’ll have one waffle with blueberries and whip cream, two slices of bacon and orange juice. Thanks.” The waitress smiled at Jessica and nodded.
“I’ll have bacon and eggs with hash browns and wheat toast. Oh and coffee, please.”
Jeremy said, “I’ll have what Becky is having.” He pointed to Rebecca for the waitress’ benefit. “Oh, but with coffee.” He smile. The waitress nodded, scribbled on her small notepad then grabbed the menus. 
“We must all come here a lot because none of us even looked at the menus,” Sarah said.
For the duration of breakfast, the topic of conversation was focused on the talent show for the school. The twins dominated the conversation at the table, but Sarah welcomed the distraction as it eased the tension that was building inside of herself. Throughout the entire breakfast, Sarah was conscious of the fact that her left leg was constantly touching Jeremy’s leg. Neither one of them moved away from each other when they obviously could have.
At the end of the meal, they said goodbye to each other in the parking lot. I want more; Sarah thought as she and the girls walked to her Mercedes.


CHAPTER SIX

Claire was sitting in the break room sipping a cup of coffee and picking at a blueberry muffin when James and Roberta walked in. “So how was your weekend Claire?” James asked.
“You look kind of mopey,” Roberta commented as she walked to the vending machine. She shoved a few quarters in then selected powdered donuts. A few short seconds later the machine spit the donuts out. Roberta grabbed the donuts then wobbled to where Claire was sitting. She sat next to her.
“Big Carl and I had a fight. I don’t know if we are going to make it much longer.”
James snorted. “Well, at least it has been a record for you, right? You two have lasted more than a couple of weeks.”
Claire nodded sadly. “I guess. I was just hoping he was THE ONE, you know? I know you both think I’m a slut but really I am just looking for my soul mate. I’m not going to just settle for just anyone.”
Roberta nodded in agreement. “I was very fortunate with my Lenny. We were high school sweethearts.”
Claire gave Roberta a small smile. “How did you make it last for so long? You guys have been together for over thirty years, right?”
“Close to forty. We married when we were eighteen. No one could tell us we were too young,” Roberta admitted. “But we were. I got pregnant right away. Had five kids. It hasn’t been easy. We have had our storms.” Roberta held her right hand out then started to tally with her fingers. “We went through jail time. I’m not saying which one of us went to jail. Bankruptcy. Miscarriage. Illnesses. I filed for divorce once, but a month later reconciled.” She placed both her hands on the table.
James sat motionless staring at her. “Is any of that in your HR file?”
“It’s none of the company’s concern. It’s all personal.”
Claire took in a deep breath. “I don’t think I can do all of that with one person.”
“Oh, yes, you can. I’m not wishing it on anyone. I am just saying… though… when you love someone… sometime you can take each other for granted, but when you go through storms together the way me and my Lenny did. The love grows.”
“Really?” Claire asked, doubtfully.
“Really. I mean… he gets on my nerves. Don’t get me wrong. It’s part of his life’s purpose is to get on the only nerve I have left on a daily basis. Not to mention the man is super horny.”
James covered his ears. “I don’t want to hear this.”
Roberta laughed and pulled his hands away from his ears. 
“So what did the two of you argue about anyway?”
“He doesn’t want me to go to Texas for Thanksgiving. He wants me to meet his family,” Claire said, sadly.
“Oh, well, isn’t that a good thing?” James asked.
“No, he’s trying to take away my freedom. He’s trying to forbid me from seeing my own family. That’s not right.”
“I agree, that isn’t right. Why not compromise and tell him you will meet his family during Christmas?” Roberta suggested.
Claire nodded quietly.
“See. You two are in the transitional stage… where all the fresh and new sparkly magic is starting to wear off a bit. But now you are both at the let’s see how serious we are stage,” Roberta explained.
Claire nodded.
Curiously, James asked, “So after over thirty years, what stage are you and Lenny at?”
“Oh,” Roberta said. She bit into a donut, chewed and swallowed. “We are at the comfortable and settled phase. It’s where you can fart during sex and laugh about it.”
James laughed so hard he started coughing.
Claire on the other hand eyes widened from disbelief, “Ommigosh! Did that really happen?”
Roberta started laughing her shoulders were shaking, and tears were forming from her eyes. “Yes, but you didn’t hear it from me.”
Just then, Sarah entered the break room with one of her enormous blueberry muffins. “What on earth are you all laughing and talking about? I could hear you all the way from the security desk.”
None of them answered but instead continued the conversation.
“I would be totally devastated if that happened to me,” Claire said, her hand over her heart.
When James finally stopped laughing, he asked Roberta, “So what did you guys do after the gas passed?”
Roberta wiped her eyes with a napkin, still laughing a little. “Well, we just stopped what we were doing then rolled over and laughed. It was kind of a moment killer, you know what I mean?”
Sarah felt out of place in the break room. When she first arrived to work she felt refreshed and happy, ready to tackle the work week. She truly enjoyed her time with her nieces and the breakfast with Jeremy. But now, she felt like an alien. 
Claire finally addressed her, “Good morning Sarah. Sorry for excluding you. I honestly don’t think you want to hear the tales of Roberta Jenkins.” She shook her head. “Trust me.”
James let out a tiny laugh.
“Oh, guess who I ran into yesterday during mass?” Sarah asked Claire, completely changing the subject.
“Jesus,” James joked.
Roberta shoved his shoulder. “Don’t joke about Jesus.”
Sarah ignored James then said to Sarah, “You’re brother, Jeremy.”
Claire’s eyes lit up, and she sat up straighter in her seat. “Really?”
“Yep, I had my nieces over for the weekend and when we went to mass yesterday, your brother was sitting in the pew right in front of us. We even went out to breakfast after mass.”
“Wow! That’s great Sarah,” Claire might have said a little too enthusiastically.
James eyes narrowed and suddenly he was quiet. 
The microwave beeped and Sarah pulled out her muffin. “He’s a very nice man Claire. Thank you for introducing us,” Sarah said then walked out of the break room.
“Breakfast after mass doesn’t count as a date especially when her nieces were there too,” James said, seriously.
Roberta nodded in agreement. “She has to say she went out on an actual date with him and that they kissed.”
“Ah man,” Claire pouted. 
“I was thinking… how are you going to get to Texas if you win? I doubt that you can get a flight out at last minute,” Roberta asked.
“Oh, no… I don’t have to worry about it. My brother Rick has a private jet that he lets me and Jeremy use whenever we want,” Claire said nonchalantly.
James blinked and was quiet for a moment. “All this time you’ve known us we could have been flying around?”
Claire shrugged her shoulders.
“Do you think he’d marry me? Does he have a taste for chocolate thunder?” James asked.
Claire rolled her eyes. “He’s married. Knock it off,” she said. She was feeling agitated. She really and truly wanted to go to Texas. She took a deep breath; her lips moved to the side, and she began to think. Only a few seconds later she sprang to her feet and announced. “Oh, I forgot my phone in my car.” She rushed out of the break room before anyone could stop her. She rushed to her desk, unlocked her desk then quickly whipped out her purse. She shuffled through until she found her car keys. She rushed out to the parking lot, glanced around the lot to see if anyone was looking then when she saw the coast was clear she unlocked her car. She turned on the light above to the right of the driver’s seat and also the headlights. She said a tiny pray for yet more forgiveness for her deception. She rationalized though that it was for the sake of love… and so that she could go to Texas to see family she hadn’t seen in years.
She then went back into the building and worked.
By the time her shift was over, she hoped her car battery would be completely drained. When it was time to leave, she sat in her car counted to three then attempted to start her car. Lights flashed for a moment then clicked off. “Yes!” She shouted victoriously. 
She grabbed her purse then went back into the office. She replayed a similar performance as last week. “Oh, no, I can’t believe it. I left my headlights on, and my battery died,” Claire whined loud enough for Sarah to hear from her office. 
Sarah called Jeremy using her cell phone, as soon as he picked up she said, “Jeremy, you’re not going to believe this, but my car battery died. Can you come over to my job and give me jumpstart?”
She heard Jeremy sigh. “Really? Your battery died?”
“Yes,” Claire said.
“Did you leave your headlights on purpose?”
“Now why would I want to do that?”
“Because you’re you,” he replied, matter-of-factly.
“I wouldn’t do something like that on purpose Jeremy. Please come help me. You promised Daddy.”
She could almost see him roll his eyes and shake his head. She grinned wickedly.
“Fine. I will be there in thirty.”
“Okay,” Claire said, doing a little victory dance near her desk.
“Everything okay?” Sarah asked, standing in the doorway between her office and Claire’s desk.
Startled, Claire jumped a bit, placed her right hand over her heart. “Um, yes,” she said.
“Is your brother coming to help you?” Sarah asked.
“Yes,” Claire said.
“Okay, good. So, you can type up a few new memos again while you wait for him, right?”
Claire sighed but said resignedly, “Yes, of course.”

Jeremy had to admit to himself that he was hoping Claire would send her boss out again to give him the keys. He had been thinking about her nonstop since they had breakfast together. He had obviously completely misread the woman from their first impression. She wasn’t rigid at all. She was funny and obviously adored her nieces. He wondered why she gave off the stern, rigid vibe when they first met. He also wondered if she would agree to go out on a date with him.
When he pulled up into the parking lot, both Claire and Sarah were waiting near Claire’s car. Conveniently, the parking space next to her car was vacant. He pulled his black Volkswagen Beetle next to her. He smiled as he got out of his car.
Sarah smiled. “Hi Jeremy,” she said. 
“Hi Sarah, how are you?” He asked.
“I’m doing well, thanks.”
Hmmm… Claire thought; it’s almost as if I’m not even here. She grinned. Looks like I am going to Texas.
“Do you have jumper cables Claire?” Jeremy asked abruptly, startling Claire so much that she jumped.
She put her right hand over her heart. “Um,” she thought for a moment. “Yes, I do. I think Dad put them in the emergency box he gave me the last time he visited.”
“Sounds like dad,” Jeremy said. He followed Claire to the back of her car. She popped the trunk and pulled out a medium sized plastic tub container. Sure enough, there were jumper cables along with first aid supplies and a flashlight.
Jeremy grabbed the jumper cables and set to work on jump starting her car. “You need to let your car run for about twenty to thirty minutes.”
Claire nodded. She looked around the lot and noticed that Sarah had vanished. She must have snuck away while Jeremy was bossing her around or rather instructing her on when to try starting her car. Well, drat! That was just a waste of time! Ugh!

CHAPTER SEVEN

On Tuesday, Sarah received another call from her sister-in-law asking if she would please again pick up the girls from school. “I hope this isn’t going to be a habit Kim. I can’t just up and leave whenever I want to. I have meetings to attend and reports to review.”
She thought she heard sniffling. “I know Sarah and I am sorry. I’m going through a lot right now, and I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t necessary.”
“Where are you?” Sarah asked.
“I’m in Fresno again.”
“How often do you have to go to Fresno?” Sarah asked.
“For the next few months I will have to come out at least once a week.”
“So, let’s work together and instead of the girls spending the night at your neighbors, they can spend the night with me. I can work from home on the days you need to go. That way no one is interrupted. I can take them to school and pick them up, okay? But you need to give me at least 48-hour notice so I can plan it all out, okay?” Sarah offered.
She thought she heard her sister-in-law sniffling again.
“Is everything okay Kim?” Sarah asked, worriedly.
“Yes.” Sniff, sniff. “Just stressed.”
“Trying to be super mom, super wife and super hotel chain manager?”
She heard a heavy sigh.
“Maybe you should consider staying home Kim?”
Now, she heard a gasp. She assumed it was a gasp of disbelief. “I can’t believe what I’m hearing… especially from you of all people. You think I should just quit and throw away all that I’ve worked my butt off for all these years. The pain, the sacrifices, sweat and tears and you just want me to walk away.”
“But… don’t you see? That’s the problem. The pain, the sacrifice, sweat and tears…. Where is love and time for your family?”
“This coming from Miss High and Mighty VP?” Kim said, bitterly.
Ouch, Sarah sighed, that stung a bit. Maybe she shouldn’t have said anything. But, since she started it, she might as well explain what she meant. “Kim, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to insult you. If anything, I admire you. I mean… I am not married; I am not a parent of one kid, let alone two… I have a full schedule and lots of stress, and it’s only me. How do you do it all without killing yourself? Yes, be proud of all you accomplished but maybe it’s time for you to walk away and enjoy your kids before they grow up and have lives of their own.”
“Easier said than done,” Kim said barely audible.
“Well, then, I can’t believe I am about to say this… let me watch the girls more often. At least that way it will lift some of the load you are carrying.”
Kim sighed with relief, “Really, Sarah? Do you mean it?”
“Absolutely. But, as I said before, give me at least 48 hours’ notice, if you can.”
“Oh…” Kim said, her voice shaky. “Thank you so much, Sarah. You don’t know how much this means to me.”
Sarah’s eyes misted a bit. “No problem.” She had a lot of fun with the girls the previous weekend and was looking forward to seeing them again today.
Ten minutes later, she was informing Claire she could leave for the day as soon as her work was done and explained she was leaving to pick up the girls and work from home the remainder of the day.

When Sarah arrived at Beach City Elementary, she immediately noticed Jeremy directing parents and students in the parking lot. She had parked her car on the street near the school to avoid the traffic jam in the lot. She walked in her new black leather boots, black mini skirt and Victoria Secret red form fitting top. 
Jeremy was talking to one of the moms as she approached. “We can talk it over further over dinner tomorrow night if you’d like. I make a mean spaghetti and meatballs… some red wine and garlic bread… what do you say?”
Sarah felt her face get hot and her fists ball into a fist. She slowed her approach to hear what Jeremy would say to the little gorgeous curly brunette with busts bursting out of her tight top. Jeremy shifted from foot to foot. He appeared nervous as he rubbed the back of his neck with his right hand. “Um… Ms. Jenkins, as I said to too many other mom’s, it’s against school policy to date the parents of students who attend school here. It’s a conflict of interest.”
Sarah bit her lip. She could totally tell he was lying. He was blinking his eyes rapidly, shifting from foot to foot and rubbing the back of his neck profusely. Not to mention that his eyes were roaming all over then place except for on Ms. Jenkins. Sarah smiled. That’s my man. She stopped in her tracks and wondered where in the world that thought had come from. She felt a slight surge of panic rush through her. 
“Aunt Sarah?” Rebecca rushed up to her and bombarded her with an enormous hug.
“Yay! You’re picking us up today?” Jessica shouted as she ran toward her with her pink backpack over her shoulders. She also embraced her with a hug as soon as Rebecca was done hugging her.
Jeremy turned to make eye contact with Sarah.
Damn, she’s hot! Jeremy shouted in his head. He was surrounded by woman on a daily basis but ever since meeting her, she’s the only one who clouded his mind with erotic images and longing. Seeing her in reality two days in a row and in red, his favorite color… and it what he guessed was a Victoria Secret top… Woe! Down boy… he told himself, get a hold of yourself.
He cleared his throat before approaching her with his hands on his hips, hoping he appeared manly and confident. “Two days in a row, huh?”
She smiled. His heart sped up a bit.
“Yes, you would think the universe was trying to pull the two of us together or something, huh?” Sarah said. Really? Did I really just say that? Mental forehead smack.
Rebecca and Jessica eyed one another. Then they both shrugged their shoulders.
“I’m starting to wonder,” Jeremy said. He rubbed his chin with his right hand and glanced around the parking lot. As if to see if anyone was in hearing range. “Um… would you all like to go out to dinner tonight?”
Rebecca and Jessica raised their eyebrows. Sarah did the same but immediately said, “Sure.”
“Really?” Jeremy asked surprised.
“Sure,” Sarah said again. “I have some work to finish up, and I’m sure the girls demanding hard-nosed teacher assigned them gobs and gobs of homework… so it would have to be around seven,” she teased.
He smiled. “Hey, we are preparing them for their future. The more homework, the better.”
Both Rebecca and Jessica rolled their eyes.
“So, where should we meet?” Sarah asked.
“How about Paul’s Italian Pizzeria? 
“Oh, cool! They have the best pizza!” Rebecca said,
“Pizza again?” Jessica whined.
“You know, they don’t only have pizza. They have lasagna, spaghetti, and a bunch of other pasta dishes to choose from.”
Jessica shrugged her shoulders. “Well, okay. I guess I will get the lasagna. Can we have garlic bread?”
“Well, duh Jess… they automatically give you bread when you order one of the pasta’s.”
“Okay, cool… I’m in,” Jessica said as if her decision was what made or break the dinner plans.
Sarah smiled. “Well, I guess, there you have it. We will see you at Paul’s Italian Pizzeria at seven tonight.”
When Sarah and the girls arrived at the restaurant promptly at seven, they found Jeremy sitting in a booth at a corner of the restaurant. He waved to get their attention. Once again, the girls scooted in on one side of the booth forcing Sarah to slide in next to Jeremy. “Hope we didn’t keep you waiting too long,” Sarah said.
“Oh, no, you are right on time,” Jeremy said.
There was already garlic bread and peppered olive oil in the middle of the table. “The waitress just delivered it… so it’s still hot,” he said with a smile to Jessica.
Both of the girls grinned. Each grabbed a garlic bread stick, ripped off a piece then dipped it in the oil. “Only one piece for now. You can have more after you eat the real food,” Sarah said.
“This is real food,” Rebecca said.
Sarah squinted her eyes at Rebecca glaring at her with warning. “You know exactly what I mean.”
“Okaaaay…. Geesh!” Rebecca said but continued eating the garlic bread. The waitress arrived, and they each placed their orders. Rebecca ordered an individual thin crust chicken and garlic pizza. Jessica ordered lasagna with extra garlic bread, Jeremy and Sarah each ordered spaghetti with meatballs.
As the waitress walked away, Jeremy asked, “So, have you girls figured out what you will be doing for the talent show?”
Jessica shook her head to say no.
“Hmmm,” Sarah said. “Why not flashback to the eighties or early nineties? I can teach you a few dance moves.”
Rebecca’s mouth moved to the right side of her face as she contemplated the offer. 
“Like what song? What dance?” Jessica asked.
“Something fun… maybe a Will Smith song or Run DMC…”
“How about You Be Illin by Run DMC,” Jeremy said with a goofy smile.
Sarah laughed and actually snorted, then covered her mouth.
“Did you really just snort?” Jeremy said with a laugh.
Sarah shook her head in denial.
“Yep, I’m pretty sure that was a snort Aunt Sarah,” Jessica said.
Rebecca shook her head in frustration. “No, I don’t even know who or what you guys are talking about. I think Jessica and I will pick a current top hit song that we like and know. But…” she shrugged her shoulders, “we can use help coming up with a dance routine.”
Sarah pouted but said, “Okay, deal.”
“Hey, we can do an Iggy song,” Jessica suggested excitedly.
Sarah blinked. “What’s Iggy?”
Jeremy laughed. “It’s not what… it’s who… she’s a female rap star.”
“Oh,” Sarah said.
Rebecca sighed then offered, “When we get back to your house, I will let you listen to some of her songs on my iPod.”
Jessica reached out across the table and placed a hand on Sarah’s. She looked sympathetically at her aunt. “Aunt Sarah… you really need to let go of the eighties and nineties… they’re dead.”
Sarah’s mouth dropped.
Jeremy burst out laughing; his shoulders shook, and he had to cover his mouth to silence himself. Just then, the waitress returned with their orders. The rest of the dinner was a combination of comfortable silence as they ate with momentary spurts of ideas for the talent show performance.
***
The rest of the work week trudged on with lots of work and excessive hours. It was expected every year to squeeze as many projects in as much as possible before the end of the year was over. The group had decided to meet in the break room for lunch on Friday. James dragged himself in the room carrying a small brown bag that held his lunch. A moment later, Roberta joined holding a plastic container full of leftover mashed potatoes and meatloaf. She immediately removed the lid then stuck it in the microwave.
Claire joined carrying her own small brown paper bag. She sat down next to James. “Are you guys as tired as I am?”
“Yes, I can’t wait for four o’clock to be here already.”
“Me too,” Roberta said with one hand on her hip. The microwave beeped she carefully pulled her food out. 
James unfolded then opened his lunch back and pulled out his tuna salad sandwich. He pulled it out of the plastic sandwich bag then took a bite. He chewed then swallowed. “So, any progress report on your brother and Claire?” 
Roberta joined Claire and James at the table. Claire shrugged her shoulders sadly then admitted, “No, not really.”
Roberta tilted her head to the side as she fanned her lunch, hoping to cool it down. “Better get to steppin’ on it… its thirteen days until Thanksgiving so that means you have only twelve days to get them to go on a date and kiss,” Roberta warned.
Claire’s shoulders slumped, and she frowned. “Anyway at all I can just talk you both into covering for me for the benefit. I already did most of the organizing. You would just need to show up at the Community Center and make sure everyone who said they’d deliver food would, and that the tables are set up…”
James shook his head adamantly. “Nope, not doing it unless you win the bet.”
Roberta kept her mouth shut and began eating her food.
“Guess I won’t be seeing my parents and brothers this year,” Claire mumbled sadly.


CHAPTER EIGHT

On Sunday morning, Sarah arrived at St. Michael’s for nine o’clock mass. She wore black slacks, black flats and a white button down top. Her curly hair was hanging over one shoulder in a single neat braid. She took a seat near four rows from the back main entrance. She knelt down and made the sign of the cross. Just as she was beginning to pray, Jeremy scooted in next to her. He also knelt down and began to pray.
She couldn’t help the small smile that crept up the corners of her mouth. Thank you, Lord. Then she continued with her prayers. 
After mass, Jeremy asked, “May I take you to breakfast?”
Sarah smiled. “Absolutely.”
They agreed on The Yellow Waffle House again. They were seated at a table near a window, overlooking the beach. The waitress quickly appeared to take their orders and soon left them alone. Sarah stared out the window, admiring the view of the waves crashing and a few surfers riding their boards in the distance. “It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Jeremy asked. 
Sarah nodded.
“So, what are your plans for Thanksgiving?” Jeremy asked.
“Oh, my brother and sister-in-law invited me over. I’m in charge of bringing the pies and ice cream. I can handle that,” Sarah said with a smile.
“Not much of a cook?”
“Depends on my mood. If I’m in the mood, I can appear to be a gourmet chef but if I’m not in the mood which is most of the time… it’s burnt or undercooked.”
“I’ll have to remember that,” he said.
“What about you? What are your plans?”
“My sister is trying to convince me to go with her to Texas to see the rest of the family,” Jeremy said casually. He shook his head as if he were conflicted.
Sarah frowned, confused. “Huh? She never mentioned she would be out of town.”
“What do mean?”
“Claire volunteered to be in charge of the Thanksgiving Benefit at the Community Center. Our company is the largest sponsor, but we get other local businesses to either donate or cater the event. She’s been handling it every year ever since she started working with me. Why didn’t she say anything?” Claire asked.
Jeremy shook his head, “Hmm… not sure. She sounds pretty confident that she’s going. Are you sure she actually volunteered or did someone just say she was handling it.”
Sarah thought for a moment. “Oh,” she said in an almost inaudible tone. “Maybe I forced it on her just out of habit.” She covered her mouth. “But still, why didn’t she say anything? I could have found someone else or I could have even handled it.”
“Well, maybe you should talk to her about it tomorrow when you’re back at work,” Jeremy suggested.
Sarah nodded. “Yes, I will. Did she already buy her airline tickets?”
Just then, the waitress returned with their orders. Blueberry pancakes with sausage for Sarah and supreme waffle stack with strawberries and extra whip for Jeremy. Oh, and of course, the four extra crispy strips of bacon for him as well.
When the waitress disappeared, Jeremy cleared his throat uncomfortably, “Well, that’s the frustrating thing about my perfect brothers. Not only are they both six feet two but they are both well off in the real estate business. One of them has a private jet ready for use at any time for any of the family members.”
Sarah tilted her head. “You sound a bit bitter.”
“Well, let’s just say I’m the black sheep of the family but even more so since I supposedly dragged Claire with me.”
“Really?”
Jeremy licked his lips, took a bite of bacon, groaned from delight then went back to scowling to resume talking about his family. “For whatever reason the family seems to think that Claire has worship the ground I’ve walked on since she was a baby. My mom says she worshiped me ever since she was in her womb but… she is known to exaggerate a bit. I know for a fact that isn’t true considering we constantly argue even now. But, she did decide to go to college out here soon after I moved here. But, that could be for the same reasons I left. I didn’t want to be a real estate mogul. My dad was in real estate but not the way my brothers are now. My dad did well enough to keep our family home and put us all through college.”
Sarah took a bite of her blueberry waffles and nodded encouraging him to continue talking.
He finally sliced his strawberry waffles and took a bite as well. When he was done chewing, he explained. “No one really supported my decision to pursue teaching elementary kids. They don’t understand how great it feels to teach a kid something new and see the spark in their eyes when they catch on. I want to make a real difference, you know?”
Sarah nodded. 
“So anyway, enough about me… what brought you to Beach City?”
She smiled and laughed a little bit, “I guess Claire and I have a lot more in common than we realized. I followed my brother here. We’ve always lived in California but up north… when he told me he was moving here with his wife, I immediately started searching for internal jobs close to Beach City. I was a director at the San Francisco office… I saw the VP position opened and took a long shot and applied.”
“And obviously, you won the position… what about your parents?” He asked before biting into another strip of bacon.
“They passed away over ten years ago,” she explained. “Car accident.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
She nodded. “Anyway,” she said, quickly changing the subject before she would see the predictable unwanted sympathy in his eyes. “What are your plans for the rest of the day?”
“Actually,” he said with a grin, “I was going to ask you if you’d like to come with me to pick up my puppy after we eat.”
She smiled wide. “Puppy? Really?”
“Yes,” he explained, “I have been trying to adopt him for four weeks now. But, I have finally gotten approval, and they told me I can pick him up today.”
“Why did it take so long?” 
“Well, since all the animals are rescued, they want to make sure they go to homes that genuinely want them. They want to make sure they truly are going to safe and loving homes as well. So, I had to have supervised visits with Buster. Then they came by my condo to check it out. They wanted to see that I had enough space for him if not if I had a park close by that I could take him to. Then I got to keep him for a few days on my own which was over a week ago, and I miss the little guy. But, they called me yesterday and told me I was officially a daddy of goofy Lab-German Shepherd mix. He’s brown with pointy ears like a German Sheppard but a goofball like a Lab.” He laughed.
“Well, yes, I’d love to meet Buster. Congratulations,” she held up her cup of coffee. He held up his cup then they clicked cups and sipped.
“Do you have any pets?” He asked.
She shook her head, “No, I always wanted either a cat, dog or a few fish but I’m not home often enough so it doesn’t seem right to have a pet if I’m rarely there. You know?”
He nodded in understanding. “So do you plan to always be a corporate lady or do you ever see yourself as having a family?”
“Oh, I want it all.” She shook her head. “It’s ironic that I say that. Just last week I was suggesting to my sister-in-law that she should consider becoming a full-time mom and quit her job.”
“And how did she take that?” Jeremy asked, taking another sip of his coffee.
“She almost bit my head off. Good thing it was over the phone. I don’t know what she would have done to me if we were face to face.”
“So, you think that she should stay home but you plan on having a family and working in the corporate world.”
She frowned, then shrugged her shoulders. “I’m thirty-five. I can hear the alarms ringing. I had this huge plan that I would have an executive position three kids, a cat, a dog and a husband by the time I was thirty.”
He stopped eating then put his elbows on the table. “So you hit one of the goals… what about the rest?”
“I’d like to say the age doesn’t matter but in reality I feel like my eggs are going to shrivel up any day now.”
He laughed.
She held a finger up, “Oh, and let me correct you… I actually did have a husband, but that was a huge mistake at the age of eighteen. The marriage lasted three months. We will leave that alone.”
His mouth moved to the side, but he said, “Thank you for your honesty. I might as well say, I am thirty-three years old. Hope you don’t mind dating someone younger than you… and shorter.”
She felt shaky. Her heart raced. She felt bubbly inside. “Um… dating… is this a date?” She asked.
Crap! Why did you have to go and say the four letter word? Jeremy chastised himself. “Um…” he coughed. “Um… well… if you want to call it a date, I’ll be happy to call it a date.” He rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
She smiled her beautiful, confident smile. “It’s a date.”
“Sooo… does that mean you are okay with me being younger and shorter than you? For some women, it’s an issue,” he asked seriously.
“Psst…” she waved her hand, “you’re not that much younger than me. Give me a break,” she took a bite of her sausage. “As for height, as long as you’re okay with dating a woman of amazon proportions then I am okay.”
He laughed. “I guess everyone has their own hang-ups, right?”
“Right.”

After eating Claire, left her car in the restaurant’s parking lot then slid into Jeremy’s black Beetle. He drove to the Pet Rescue Clinic, which was just a ten minute drive away from the restaurant. The clinic was a few acres of property. There were enormous kennels with dogs, puppies, kittens, cats, and bird galore. There was section where they let a few dogs at a time roam freely for a certain amount of time then back into the kennels, rotating the dogs or puppies out. Sarah followed Jeremy. He finally stopped in front of a kennel that held the name “BUSTER” and a note that said, “Going home today.”
“Buster!” Jeremy shouted in a booming and proud voice. “What’s up buddy? Are you ready to go home now?” Buster had been in a ball to the back of the kennel. But as soon as he heard Jeremy’s voice he sprung to his feet and rushed up to the kennel door and barked a happy bark. He stuck his right paw up waving. “Look at you… you remembered what I taught you, huh?” Jeremy reached into his pocket and handed Buster a little dog treat. “Good boy, let’s get you home.”
“Hi, Mr. Buchanan,” both Sarah and Jeremy turned to the female voice behind them. It was a volunteer in jeans and Pet Rescue Clinic t-shirt. “I need you to sign a few forms and then you can take him home.”
“Okay,” Jeremy sounded disappointed. He couldn’t wait to get the guy out of the kennel. After signing all the necessary paper and making a donation to the rescue clinic, Jeremy happily led Buster to his car with Sarah.
“He’s a handsome fella… he’s huge but adorable,” Sarah admired the puppy as they walked to the car.
“He’s got to grow into his paws. He’ll probably weight about ninety pounds by the time he’s done growing and probably about twice the size he is now… at least,” Jeremy said. Pride was evident in his voice.
At first Buster was sitting in the back while Sarah sat in the passenger seat, and of course, Jeremy was in the driver’s seat. As soon as the car was set into motion though, Buster decided to squeeze between the driver and passenger front seat, climbed over and sat right on Sarah’s lap. He gave her a wet sloppy kiss from her chin all the way up to her forehead. She laughed a heartfelt laugh. “Bleh,” she giggled. “Puppy breath.”
“Buster down… get back there.”
“No, he’s fine. He’s excited. It’s his first day out of the kennel for good.” She said.
“You sure you’re okay? He’s going to get hair all over you nice dress slacks and pretty much everywhere,” Jeremy said, glancing at her and Buster as they waited at a traffic light.
“It’s fine, really,” she said, still laughing. “I can just wash it all when I get home.”
“So, would you tag along with me to the pet store? I want to get a better collar, leash, water bowl, food bowl and a doggy bed. Then we can take him to the dog park.”
“Sure,” Sarah agreed. She scratched Buster’s back as he was looking out the window and panting.


CHAPTER NINE

On Tuesday, Sarah sat in her office and daydreamed. She was supposed to be reviewing files on a few proposed new software apps that were being developed for current clients, but she just was not able to focus. She kept thinking of her Sunday with Jeremy. She hadn’t had that much fun since… well… since…. Ever. It wasn’t as if they even did anything spectacular. She had spent the entire day with Jeremy and Buster. Jeremy had held Sarah’s hand the entire time they were at the dog park except for when he had to run after Buster for one reason or another.
Just after two in the afternoon, Claire tapped on her already opened door. “Um, Sarah?” Claire asked.
Sarah blinked and looked up from the computer screen she’d been staring. “Yes?” 
“Everything okay?” Claire asked. 
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?” Claire asked doubtfully.
“Yes, why?” Sarah asked with a puzzled look on her face.
“Well… it’s just that you haven’t called me into your office at all today. You usually have me in your office at least ten times by now,” Claire said matter-of-factly and blinked her eyes rapidly.
“Oh,” Sarah tilted her head to the side. “I have had other stuff on my mind today and honestly haven’t accomplished a lot today.”
“Oh…. Okay… just let me know if you need anything,” Claire said worriedly, then slowly walked back to her desk.
At three o’clock Jeremy called Claire on her cell phone. “Hey, Jer… what’s up?” She asked.
“Um… this is going to sound weird but can I talk to Sarah?” Jeremy asked in a low voice.
Claire smiled wide. “Absolutely,” she said.
Claire tapped on Sarah’s opened office door again. Sarah had the same blank expression on her face as she did an hour before. “Um, Sarah?”
“Yes?”
“Um… my brother wants to talk to you,” Claire held up her cell phone and offered it to her.
“Oh, really?” Sarah almost squeaked from surprise and delight.
“Yep,” Claire answered nudging the phone at her this time.
Sarah accepted the cell phone with perfectly manicured red painted nails. She had a tiny white flower painted on the ring fingers of each hand. She cleared her throat and said, “Jeremy?”
“Hey Sarah, how are you?” 
“I’m good, what about you?” Sarah asked.
“Pretty good. I meant to get your phone number on Sunday but was distracted by Buster. So, before we continue this conversation. What’s your number if you don’t mind my asking?” Jeremy said, nervously but really tried his best to sound confident.
She smiled and told him her cell phone number. 	
“So, what are you doing tonight?” Jeremy asked.
“Well, considering I’ve been daydreaming for most of the day… I probably should continue working when I get home, but I don’t think my mind will allow it.”
“Great,” Jeremy said. Then he corrected himself, “I mean, it’s great that you won’t be working tonight. Would you like for me to pick you up at your place, take you to dinner and then a movie? A real date?” 
Sarah’s heart pitter-pattered nervously and wildly in her chest. She grinned. “Yes. That sounds great.”
“Okay, what’s your address?”
She gave him the address and then asked, “What time are you picking me up?”
“How about six?” He suggested.
“Sure. Sounds great,” Sarah said. 
“Okay, see you then. Bye,” Jeremy said then disconnected right after Sarah said goodbye. Sarah clicked the end button on Claire’s cell phone then bounced excitedly in her seat before handing the phone back to Sarah. 
Claire held her cell phone and glanced down at it. Then she looked back to her boss. Claire bit her lower lip. “Um, what was that all about?” 
“Your brother just asked me out on a date,” Sarah said, still grinning.
“Really?” Claire said, slightly shocked. She had thought she would need to do more damage to her own car at least one more time to get the two of them to notice each other.
“Yes. We actually had a date on Sunday so this will be our second date.”
“Really?” Claire said, shocked again, this time her eyebrows lifted, and her mouth fell open.
“Yes,” Sarah said.
“So, did you guys kiss?” Claire asked hopefully.
Sarah shook her head quickly to say no. She wore her hair naturally curly today. Each time she shook her head curls would hit her cheek.
“Oh,” Claire said disappointedly.
***
Jeremy and Sarah were sitting in a booth at Duke’s Steak, Bar and Grill. There was hay on the concrete floor and the tables were covered with red and white checked table clothes. There were six bottles of barbecue sauces in a wire carrying case in the center of the table. A waitress placed a basket of mini cornbread on the table then handed them the menus. The waitress was dress in denim shorts and a white button-up tank top, cowboy boots and her blond hair was in pigtails. “I’ll be right back to get you orders.”
Sarah smirked. “Hmm… so do you come here often?”
“About once a month, why?” Jeremy asked.
“I could see how this place would appeal to men… that’s all.”
“Hey, it’s a family restaurant,” Jeremy said then pointed to a young family who had a toddler playing under the booth they were sitting at, along with an infant in a wooden high chair.
“Hmm… okay,” Sarah mumbled.
She perused the menu. 
“You seem a little on the edgy side tonight. Everything okay?” Jeremy asked.
She glanced at him and said, “Honestly, I’ve been completely out of sorts since the moment we met.”
He raised his eyebrows then said, “Really?”
“Yes.”
“Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”
“It’s too soon to tell,” she admitted. “I can’t focus at work ever since I spent the day with you on Sunday, which is not good from a work perspective. I’ve got tons of reports to go over, tons of new apps to review and approve or disapprove…. So many projects are trying to be pushed in before the end of the year, and I need to read and review every single detail but I just don’t want to. It’s not good. I’ve worked so hard to get to where I am, and I have to work twice as hard to stay where I am.”
“Oh,” he said sadly, “I’m sorry. If you really didn’t want to go out to dinner, we could have postponed it until all your work is done.”
She shook her head. “See… that’s just it… there’s never NOT work to be done. It’s a constant stream and at the end of the year it’s even more.”
“Oh,” he said softly, not sure what else to say. He frowned and resumed glancing at the menu.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything. Let’s figure out what we are eating and enjoy our time together.”
Kind of hard to enjoy now that I feel like a burden, Jeremy thought. Now, he felt agitated but did his best to hide it.
They were quiet until the waitress returned a few minutes later. Sarah ordered Filet Minot with spicy potato wedges and corn on the cob while Jeremy order barbecue chicken breasts, a slab of baby back ribs, a stuffed loaded baked potato and coleslaw. He ordered a beer while Sarah order a glass of merlot. 
“So how is Buster?” Sarah asked, hoping to change the mood.
The question brought a smile to Jeremy’s face. “It’s like raising a kid. He has an obsession with squirrels, lizards, and anything that flies. I don’t have a big back yard, but it’s big enough to have any one of those visitors, and he goes completely berserk. He hops around chasing after whatever moves. He is still getting his paw and eye coordination down… so he often slips and slides or runs into things. I am pretty sure he smiles at me in the morning and when I get home.”
Sarah laughed a little and smiled. She noticed there was a sparkle in his eye when he talked about his puppy. It’s the same sparkle she daydreamed about constantly.
“So have you decided if you’re going to Texas for Thanksgiving?”
“Yes, I told my brothers I’d be there Wednesday night. I figured I’d leave right after school lets out. We close at noon that day.”
“I meant to talk to Sarah about the benefit, but I kept getting distracted or in general dreamland so haven’t gotten around to it. There is no need for her to feel obligated to run the benefit. In fact, I’ll send her a text now, so I don’t forget.” She reached into her purse and pulled out her cell phone. She searched for Sarah’s number then sent her a text- ND 2 TLK 2 U RE Benefit 2moro- then clicked send.
Their food soon arrived. In between bites, they chit chatted about the upcoming talent show, more about Buster, movies and books. 
Jeremy held Sarah’s hand as they walked out of the restaurant and to the parking lot. Sarah sighed a heavy sigh.
“Uh oh,” Jeremy sighed too, “that sigh doesn’t sound like it’s a good thing.”
Sarah stomped her stiletto. He looked up at her. She made a pouting, whiny face. “You know… I think you hang out with my sister a little too much because you totally made the foot stomp and face that she does when she has to do something she doesn’t really want to do.”
Despite herself, she laughed but then tilted her head back from exasperation. “I’m just getting on my own nerves. Sorry. I won’t be able to do the movies tonight. I just have so much catching up today. It’s going to be a long night of coffee and reports. Then I’ll have to try to regain focus early in the morning.”
Jeremy stuck his hands in his pockets then leaned back on his heels then bounced back on his toes. “So, I guess, no dates for you on school nights?” He asked.
She smiled sadly then nodded, “At least not until the end of the year madness is over. I’m sorry.”
He raised his hands up, “No, no… no more apologizing. I understand. I look forward to the weekends, and if all else fails, I’ll see you at church, right?”
“Right,” she agreed. 
They walked to his black Beetle then he took her home. He walked her up to her door and waited until she unlocked the front door and went inside. Oh, how he wanted to kiss her and more, but she obviously wanted to get inside and work. Bummer, he thought.
	
CHAPTER TEN

Claire slid into her chair at her desk on Thursday with a smile on her face. She was happy until two minutes later; Sarah stomped passed her desk with red eyes and a scowl. “Uh boy,” Claire mumbled under her breath.
“Claire…” Sarah called out from her office, “Do I have any eye drops?”
“Yes, it’s in your middle drawer to the right, next to your compact mirror case.”
“Okay, thank you,” Sarah said. 
“Claire…. Coffee… please…. Better yet, mind going to Starbucks? My treat. Get whatever you want,” Sarah begged.
Claire perked up at the thought of free Starbucks and a chance to get out of the office. She scooted out of her chair, grabbed her purse and car keys then went into Sarah’s office. She stuck her right hand out.
Claire slapped a couple of twenties in her hand. “You can take the break room crew with you.” Sarah slipped off her heels and stuck them under her desk. “I’ll be doing triple work today. So I apologize ahead of time for any attitude I may or may not swing your way.”
Claire blinked, surprised. She’d never offered to buy Starbucks for her AND her friends… much less apologize ahead of time for her moodiness. She couldn’t help herself, “So, how did the date with my brother go?”
Sarah took a deep breath in then slowly let it out. She closed her eyes for a moment then opened them to look Claire in the eye, "I would love to spend more time with your brother but you know how it gets here at the end of the year. Total chaos. I just don’t think I can take a relationship right now.”
“Oh,” Claire said, sadly. 
“Geesh, you sound so much like your brother,” Sarah said sadly and tiredly.
“So, did you kiss yet?” Claire asked, hopefully.
Sarah shook her head to say no.
Claire pouted. 
“Oh, but before I forget. I’ve been wanting to talk to you about the benefit…” Sarah said, rubbing her feet under her desk. “Go to Texas. You don’t have to worry about the benefit.”
Claire’s mouth dropped from disbelief. “I don’t?”
“Of course not. Promise me next time you don’t want to do something you will actually speak up though. I had no idea you had other plans. I just assumed you wanted to do it.”
“Oh,” Claire blinked, “Okay.”
“Besides, really James should be running it,” Sarah said.
Claire snorted.
“Well, when you go to Starbucks can you get me an espresso brownie too.”
“Okay,” Claire said. “And you want a venti white mocha, right?”
“Yes, please.”
“Okay.”
On her way out to her car, Claire stopped at Roberta’s desk then to James’ desk. They all ran out the building before Sarah changed her mind. They placed their orders then took a seat at one of the small round tables in the café. Claire informed them what Sarah had said regarding the benefit. Roberta laughed while James gasped loudly then slapped the table in protest causing other patrons to turn and stare at the group. “Well, don’t think that just because our boss excused you from the benefit that the bet is off.”
Claire blinked, “What do you mean?”
“Well,” James said, moving his head side to side as he said each word, “if those two don’t kiss, you are still washing my car, my laundry, doing my housework and mowing my lawn for a month.”
“What??” Claire said, slapping his shoulder. “That was not part of the bet.”
“Well, now that I’m forced to deal with this benefit, it is… if they don’t kiss.”
Roberta laughed.
Claire just shook her head.
***
On Friday evening, Jeremy called Sarah. She avoided his calls and let it go to voice mail. She did the same when he called on Saturday. On Sunday, he sat next to her during mass and held her hand during much of the mass but afterward she made up an excuse about work and left soon after mass.
Jeremy felt deflated and rejected. So on Monday when Leslie Jenkins once again asked if he’d like to go out for dinner and a movie, he agreed. Surprising himself and her. When the time came to meet Leslie at Paul’s Italian Pizzeria, he felt like a scoundrel. He felt as if he were betraying Sarah. His heart squeezed in his chest. He missed her. He wanted to spend more time with her. Why was she pushing him away? 
Leslie was already sitting in a booth and had waved him over. “Thanks for meeting me for dinner Mr. Buchanan.”
“Oh, you can call me Jeremy when we aren’t at school Leslie,” Jeremy offered with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“Oh, okay… thank you for meeting me Jeremy,” she smiled.
“You’re welcome.”
“I haven’t gone on a date since I separated. It’s been so crazy and stressful.”
Jeremy only nodded.
“So, tell me. Do you date often?” 
“No, not really.”
“Anyone special?” Leslie asked cautiously.
Jeremy swallowed, dropped his head then scratched the back of his neck. He sighed. “Yes and no. I am in the process of falling hard for someone, but she’s been avoiding me for the past few days. I don’t know what to do.”
“Oh,” Leslie said quietly.
“I’m sorry. This was a bad idea.”
Leslie held her hands up; her face flushed. “No, don’t apologize. You have been trying to push me away for weeks now, but I keep putting my claws in you. My mama is right. A guy just talks to me or is nice to me, and I just cling to them like glue. How about we just have dinner together as friends? Does that sound good? This is NOT a date.” Leslie shook her brunette curly head.
He smiled then nodded in agreement. So the evening went along smoothly with no stress, easy, simple conversation. Just as they were leaving, Sarah walked in with her nieces. Sarah and the twins stood open-mouthed in the waiting area of the Pizzeria while Jeremy appeared flustered and confused.
“Sarah,” he finally sputtered, “it’s so good to see you… I… I…”
Sarah stood up straight in her UGG boots, jeans and magenta sweatshirt. She clenched her teeth; her jaw twitched. Jeremy was certain that if she had the ability to set fire with her eyes, he would have been nothing but ashes at that moment. She narrowed her eyes at him. “You… You are obviously on a date. At least now I know I was nothing special. Good night.”
Jessica and Rebecca glared at Jeremy.
“Come on girls. Let’s pick up the pizzas and go home.” The girls followed her to the register.
Leslie raised her eyebrows as she watched the other three females stomp off. “Ummm…” she said turning to Jeremy, “Do you want me to go talk to her? I can explain…”
Jeremy’s nostrils flared. His hands were on his hips, and his eyes did not pull away from Sarah’s perfect behind. His temper skyrocketed to proportions he never thought possible. He held up his right hand, “No, I will straighten this out with her right now.”
Leslie bit her lower lip, her eyes wide. She mumbled, “Oh, I have to stay and watch this.” Her eyes followed Jeremy stomp out of the waiting area and into the restaurant where the register was located with a “For Pick Up” sign above it.
Jeremy tapped Sarah on her right shoulder. When she turned around, she was towering over him even without heels. He tilted his head back and puffed out his chest. “What did you think I was going to do Sarah? Huh? Do you expect me to mope around all week long pining and whining over you?” He tapped himself in the chest and said, “I’m a man Sarah Alexander! I may be short. I may have a soft spot for dogs and cater to my little sister, but I’m a man. When I know, I want something I go after it… I want you Sarah… I want you bad… I haven’t pretended not to… but you’ve been pushing me away… so what else am I supposed to do? Not to mention the fact that this wasn’t even a date… oh, yes, I admit that I thought it was when I first got here but soon after I got here, I regretted it. I wanted to be on a date with you, but you are too busy for me. So what am I supposed to do? I want to say again… this was not a date.” 
Sarah didn’t blink. She just stared at him, absorbing the words he shouted and sputtered out so loudly and quickly. The whole restaurant was staring at them.
Jeremy didn’t care. He stood in his Nike tennis shoes, on tippy toes, grabbed Sarah’s cheeks with both of his hands and kissed her senselessly. He started off rough because he was, let’s face it, feeling a tad bit passionate. He’d been dying to kiss her from the day they met in the parking lot. At first she resisted. She had even tried to push him away, but he clung to her. Her lips softened, then parted, allowing him to use his tongue to explore hers. She wrapped her arms around his neck and bent down to kiss him back deeply.
“Really?” Rebecca said.
“Um… everyone is looking at us,” Jessica said.
“No… they are looking at these two sucking face… gees… can you guys stop already?”
But, they kept kissing until the cashier returned with pizzas she had ordered. She cleared her throat, adjusted her sweatshirt then paid for her order. She handed the pizza boxes to the girls to carry then turned to Jeremy. “So… um…” she put her right hand to her swollen lips then said with wide eyes, “do you want to join us for pizza?” She asked in a high-pitched squeaky voice.
Jeremy looked up at her with victory and defiance in his eyes. “Nope. Here’s what I am offering. I am going to Texas on Wednesday. While I’m away, you think about me and that kiss… you think about whether or not you want to spend more time with me… if you want more kisses and maybe more than kisses. Think about what you want and what’s really important. You can call me anytime then Monday after Thanksgiving weekend. The ball is in your court Sarah. I want you, and I want more but I’m not begging.” Then he walked out with his chest puffed out and his head up high.
“Way to go Mr. Buchanan!” Rebecca cheered while Jessica appeared just as dumbfounded as Sarah.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

On Tuesday morning, Claire skipped into the break room; she was beaming ear to ear. As soon as she saw James she said, “Ha, ha… I won… I won; I won; I won!”
James narrowed his eyes at her. Roberta clapped. “Good for Sarah!”
Claire was still grinning and nodding. “My brother called me late last night. He was talking super-fast and was out of breath. He said he was on a date with someone else but then they started talking, and they both decided it was a mistake… so they decided to not call it a date and just be friends… so anyway, while they were at the pizzeria, Sarah showed up… just as they were walking out and then she got the wrong idea. She huffed and puffed, and you know… basically, just being moody Sarah… then he shocked her and had this whole speech and well… then… he kissed her senselessly right there in the restaurant.” 
James shook his head then hung it in defeat. “Well, I still think you should at least wash my car.”
Claire tapped him gently on the shoulder. “Oh, James, it’s okay. Love always wins.”
Roberta nodded in agreement. James rolled his eyes.

On Wednesday, a limo picked up Claire and Jeremy; they were then taken to the Burbank airport where their brother’s private jet was waiting to whisk them away to their family in Texas.

Sarah moped on Thursday morning. It was Thanksgiving. She was supposed to be perky and thankful for all in her life but all she could do was miss Jeremy. She was angry with herself for feeling so attached to someone she barely knew. She’d never felt this attached to anyone before… not even her ex-husband. But that was no comparison. She’d been young and dumb. She just wanted a way to get out of her parents’ house and getting married sounded like the perfect plan. Now she would do anything to be with her parents. The familiar ache in her heart and soul crept its way inside. Her eyes burned, and tears began to fall. What was wrong with her?
She didn’t get attached to people. People sucked. People were mean and the ones she loved always left. Her parents, her ex-husband. She’d never told anyone about his cheating on her only days after they married. It still stung. 
Her sister-in-law called her a little after eleven that morning asking her when she planned on arriving at their house. “Um… I think I will be late. I want to help with the benefit this year at the community center.”
“Oh… really?” her sister-in-law sounded shocked.
“Yes, it’s time I help out and not expect others to do it all. I’ll be there for dessert… well… I’ll be bringing the dessert.”
“Okay, if you’re sure it what you want to do…. We could wait for you,” Kim offered.
“Oh, no,” Sarah said, waving her hand even though Kim couldn’t see it. “Don’t wait for me. You guys eat and be merry. I’ll be there later tonight with dessert as promised.”
“Okay,” Kim said. “See you later.” 
At the recreation center, James walked around with a clipboard in hand, a blue tooth in his ear and shouting orders at everyone who would listen. Roberta was covering the long rectangular tables with plastic table clothes, placemats, silverware and napkins. Next, she placed small floral centerpieces donated by Sokie’s Flower Shop. 
“Well, it all looks lovely,” Sarah complimented Roberta. 
Roberta smiled proudly. “Thank you. My daughter and granddaughter will be here to help serve in a little while.”
“Great, the more the merrier, right?”
“Right…” James said sarcastically as he passed by barking more orders to someone carrying a big container of candied yams.
Around one o’clock people started showing up for meals. Sarah and Roberta along with ten other people stood behind the mounds of food and began serving. Soon after they started serving, Roberta introduced Sarah to her daughter and granddaughter. “Sarah, this is my daughter Leslie. Leslie this is my boss’s boss Sarah Alexander.”
Sarah covered her mouth from embarrassment. Her eyes wide from shock. Leslie was the petite, tiny five foot three brunette with curly long hair that had Sarah’s blood boiling from pure jealousy only a couple of nights before. 
“Oh, wow!” Leslie laughed. “We met the other night. Now that was a show… let me tell you Mama.”
“Oh, no… please… no… don’t,” Sarah begged.
“What?” Roberta looked from Sarah to her daughter then back to Sarah again. “You two know each other.”
“Well… kind of… we met… once,” Sarah half explained.
“Leslie grabbed her mother’s arm and whispered, “Don’t worry. I’ll tell you all about it later.”
Leslie stood next to Sarah the rest of the afternoon serving food. 
The busy helpful work soothed Sarah’s jumbled nerves and soul. She felt lighter and happier.
Sarah arrived at her brother and sister-in-laws house a little after six. She had a shopping bag full of ice cream in one hand and pies in the other. Her brother, Cedrick, opened the door. His six foot four frame filled the doorway. His chocolate skin, big brown mischievous eyes, full lips, bald head and arms wide open greeted her. She thought he wanted a hug, but he was swift and quick. He reached for the bags of junk food then closed the door. She stood on the front porch, eyes squinting at the door and shook her head. She heard his loud, obnoxious laugh behind the door. “Thanks, sis. Happy Turkey Day… Turkey!” He shouted.
She then heard Kim yelling at him then she opened the door. “Come on in… you know your brother.”
Sarah shook her head, “Why should I be surprised? He does this to me every year but yet… I am still surprised.”
Rebecca and Jessica rushed up to Sarah and enveloped her in hugs and kisses. “Ahh… now that is how you greet someone you love,” Sarah said with a smile.
“So how did it go at the rec center?” Kim asked as she wandered to her kitchen.
Sarah followed. The kitchen was bright with recessed lighting, modern chrome appliances, granite counter tops and lots of food still on the center island. “It went great. Lots of people showed up, and we had more than enough food. There were still people coming and going when my shift was over.”
Cedrick was standing in the corner dishing an enormous piece of apple pie. He stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds then plopped scoopfuls and scoopfuls of vanilla bean and chocolate ice cream on top. “Babe, do we have tums?” he asked before taking a bite.
Kim nodded yes.
Then he scooped another scoop of vanilla bean and added it to the pile.
“Are you going to give me a hug at least?”
Cedrick took a bite of pie with some ice cream then approached his sister. He put down his bowl of dessert along with the spoon on the edge of the island. He spread out his arms then enveloped Sarah in bear hug. She squeezed him tight. She felt her throat build up with pressure and tears began to trickle down her face. Her brother rocked her side to side and let her cry. He rubbed her back and squeezed once more then kissed her on the forehead. “Hey, hey… what’s with the tears?” He asked.
He pulled her away at arm’s length with his hands on each of her shoulders and looked her straight in the eyes. 
She looked down, wiped the tears from her eyes. “I’ve been so emotional lately. I feel like I’ve got things all wrong.”
Kim approached the two of them and started rubbing Sarah’s back. “What’s going on?”
“Well,” Sarah sniffed. “I met someone.”
That made Cedrick smile. “Well… it’s about time you give me some nieces and nephews.”
Kim nudged Cedrick. “Stop it Ced… don’t you see she’s conflicted.”
“She’s in love,” Cedrick said simply.
“But, I hardly know him.”
“Well… it’s obvious you want to get to know him. So do it… get to know him. Marry him and have some babies.”
She shook her head. “You make it sound so simple.”
“That’s because it is.”
“But work….”
“Work is work… work doesn’t care about you Sarah. People care about you.”
“But, I have responsibilities and I have so much….”
“Delegate it,” Kim said. “I fell into the trap Sarah. We’ve all been broke, and we all worked hard to get to where we are. We have this thing inside us where we have this great fear of losing all that we worked so hard for. But, here’s the thing. You could get laid off out of the blue. You can lose everything you have in a natural disaster. You can get hit by a bus crossing the street… You can slip in the shower and break your neck. What is really important in life? What is THE most important thing in life?”
Sarah looked broken and stared at Kim then Cedrick. They weren’t going to answer the question for her. She needed to answer, and she needed to say it out loud. “Love.”
Cedrick and Kim nodded. Cedrick pulled his sister in for another brotherly bear hug. “Yep.” He kissed her on the forehead again then let her go. He grabbed his bowl of dessert then joined his daughters in the living room to watch them play video games.


CHAPTER TWELVE

On Monday morning, Claire skipped into the break room. She had a box of donuts to share with James and Roberta. They happily accepted. “So how was Texas?” James asked before biting into a jelly donut.
“Amazing. When I got to the plane, guess who was sitting all dapper and hot?”
“Who?”
“Big Carl!” Claire shouted excitedly. “He surprised me. He had talked to my brother one day while I was in the shower, and they plotted the whole thing out. Can you believe it?” She exaggeratedly waved her left hand back and forth.
“What’s with the rock?!” Roberta shouted as she jumped out of the chair and grabbed Claire’s hand. 
“Oh, that? We’re engaged!” Claire announced in a high pitched squealing voice, excitedly. “Can you believe it? Eeeee….”
James covered his ears with his index fingers. “Gees, Claire… have some mercy. I’m nursing a slight hangover over here,” James said in a low voice.
“Oh… sorry… well that explains why you’re wearing sunglasses today.”
He nodded slowly then sipped on his vending machine coffee then took another bite of the donut.
Just then, Sarah entered the break room holding a muffin. “Hey Sarah, would you like a donut?” Roberta asked. 
Sarah glanced at her muffin, made a face then approached the group sitting at the table. She glanced at the open box of fresh warm donuts and drooled. “Yes, please.”
Claire stood next to her and extended her left hand out to move the box of donuts closer to Sarah. She deliberately kept moving her left hand in exaggerated showmanship.
Sarah grabbed Claire’s hand with much more gusto than Roberta hand. “Look at the size of that monstrosity!” Sarah’s eyes nearly popped out of her head.
Claire jumped up and down excitedly.
“When did this happen? In Texas? Did Big Carl go with you to Texas?” Sarah asked.
Claire nodded excitedly. “He asked me yesterday during breakfast… in front of the whole family. Can you believe it? He even went down on one knee.”
Sarah’s eyes misted. She was truly happy for Claire. “That’s so great Claire. Congratulations.”
“Thanks,” she said. “Hey, what size ring do you wear?” Claire asked Sarah.
“Seven,” Sarah answered automatically without a second thought.
Roberta eyed Claire suspiciously. James was still nursing his coffee and actually appeared to be pale considering he normally had a nice milk chocolate complexion. “Um… that donut was a mistake,” James said. “I think I need to go home for the rest of the day.” Roberta held in her laugh. She wondered when James would ever learned to control his partying ways, especially on a day before he needed to work.
James made a heaving noise then sprang to his feet. 
Claire continued to talk rapidly and excitedly about her trip to Texas. A few minutes later, James returned, looking less pale.
“So you spewed?” Roberta asked.
James simply nodded.
“Feeling better?”
“Ask me in a few hours.”
“Go home James,” Sarah said.
“No. I am HR,” James said.
Roberta, Claire and Sarah all shook their heads.
“Well, I have a call to get to. Don’t stay in here too long. We’ve got lots to do,” Sarah said. She grabbed another donut with another napkin then walked out of the break room.
“So why’d you ask her for her ring size?” Roberta asked as soon as the break room door was closed.
“In case Jeremy wants to know,” Claire said confidently.
“So you think those two are going to get engaged?” James asked.
“Absolutely. I am willing to bet they will get engaged before Christmas,” Claire said grinning.
Roberta’s mouth shifted to the side. “I don’t know… according to my daughter Sarah has a jealous streak in her.”
Claire waved her hand nonchalantly, “It’s called love Roberta… it’s love.”
“Well, I’m in… I don’t think they’ll get engaged that quickly. If they don’t you finally wash my car and buy me lunch every day for a month.”
“And if I win?” Claire asked.
“I’ll buy you lunch for a month and wash your rinky dinky car,” James offered with a laugh. Then he placed both hands to his head.
“Deal,” Claire said. James and Claire shook hands.
***
Monday at four, Sarah walked out of her office without her laptop and locked her office door. Claire was reaching for her purse then stared up at Sarah. “Um, Sarah?”
“Yes,” Sarah asked as she put her coat on.
“You forgot your laptop and business bag,” Claire said worriedly.
“Oh, no… I didn’t. That’s why I locked my office up. No more working after hours.”
Sarah’s mouth fell open. 
“You can close your mouth now. I just realize what’s important… and I’m going after him.”
Claire smiled broadly and looped her arm with Sarah’s. She asked, “So… Sarah, it’s time I ask you… what are you intentions with my older brother.”
Sarah laughed. “It’s all good intentions Claire.”
When they were out in the parking lot standing next to Sarah’s silver Mercedes, Claire asked. “Can I ask you something personal?”
“Sure,” Sarah said, “You always do?”
“Remember a few weeks ago you said you were a one night stand kind of woman… is that true? Because my brother is so NOT a one night kind of guy… he’s like the Sam Smith song… you know?”
Sarah grimaced. “Oh, I was hoping you forgot me saying that,” Sarah said regretfully.
“Nope,” Claire said, tapping her right temple with her right index finger, “I keep it all up here. Organized thoughts… remember?”
Sarah nodded reluctantly. “Well, I have to be honest. I went through a slutty hormonal phase a few years ago that honestly lasted about a year. But one day, I just felt empty and tired. I started going back to church, and I’ve been celibate for over three years.”
“Wow!” Claire shouted.
Sarah immediately covered Claire’s mouth with her right hand. “Now, promise me this is just between the two of us. I will share that information with Jeremy when the time is right. You do not talk about my personal life with anyone… and I mean NO ONE. Especially not the break room crew.”
Claire nodded in agreement. Sarah slowly removed her hand from Claire’s mouth.
“Well, you have my blessing Sarah,” Claire said with a big smile.
“I… what?” Sarah asked.
“Go get my brother,” Claire said.
Sarah straightened up her coat then said, “I will. Thank you.” Claire gave Sarah her brother’s address.
At five thirty Sarah was dressed in jeans, tennis shoes and a long sleeve t-shirt. She stood on Jeremy’s porch then knocked on the wooden door. She could hear the scraping of Buster’s paws as he ran to the door with exuberance and glee. She could hear his barking and scratching on the door. “Buster! Calm down,” Jeremy shouted from inside.
She smiled.
He opened the door then Buster leapt for joy, bouncing up and down on her legs. He was trying to lick her face.
“Hey, who watched Buster when you were in Texas anyway?” Sarah asked, inviting herself into his home. 
He didn’t resist her entry but explained. “Oh, my neighbor. He has a lab and now they are buddies.”
Jeremy closed the door. Sarah knelt in the living room floor, and Buster licked her face all over. She closed her eyes and laughed. “I hope you have a lot of soap and a washcloth I can use in a minute,” she said still laughing. Buster was still licking her excitedly.
“Bleh, puppy breath…” she laughed.
Finally, Buster calmed down and was distracted by a squeaky toy Jeremy squeezed then tossed into another room. Buster jovially ran after the toy. “Let me get that soap and washcloth for you.” He disappeared for a moment and returned with a small bar of soap and washcloth. He handed it to her then pointed down the hall, “The bathroom is just down the hall and first door on the right.”
“Thanks,” she said.
After washing her face off, she stared at herself in the mirror. She arrived to Jeremy’s home makeup free. She noticed though; it was the first time in years that she truly appeared relaxed. “Wow,” she whispered. Except for the jumbled nerves bouncing around in her stomach from her nervousness and excitement from being here at Jeremy’s house.
“Everything okay in there,” Jeremy asked from the other side of the bathroom door. 
“Um… yes…” Sarah said as she opened the door. 
Jeremy was standing directly in front of her when she opened the door. His arms were outstretched from one side of the door jam to the other. He didn’t budge. She moved closer. He looked up at her. She bent over a little bit then kissed him. He groaned and kissed her back. They wrapped themselves around each other and entangled their tongues. He had managed to untuck her t-shirt, and his hands were getting ready to explore her body but she stopped him.
Her forehead leaned down against his. They were both breathing hard. “I don’t want us to get carried away,” she nodded. “We still barely know each other. Let’s date and see where this takes us.”
He inhaled deeply, nodded in agreement. 
Buster clumsily charged towards them running down the hall with his squeaky toy in his mouth. He dropped the toy in front of them and barked.
“Wanna take our baby for a walk?” Sarah asked.
Our baby? Did she really just call Buster our baby? Jeremy wondered in amazement and amusement. He nodded. Grabbed Buster’s leash, keys and Sarah’s hand. They walked for nearly an hour. They talked about everything and anything.
When they finally returned to Jeremy’s house, he asked, “So, you have time for a relationship now?”
Sarah nodded, “I had a long talk with my brother and sister-in-law. I figured out what’s important. I think we have something here, and I want to explore it.”
“Me too.” 
She followed Jeremy into his small kitchen. He had an old stove and oven. The counter tops were white tile. She loved it. It felt like a home. Jeremy reached into his refrigerator and tossed two steaks on the counter top. He closed the refrigerator then reached up on his tippy toes to take down a metal bowl filled with potatoes. He handed her the potatoes. “You peel the potatoes and I will marinate the steaks. You can be in charge of the mash potatoes.”
She smiled. “I can handle that.”
“I hope so,” he joked. 
“We have ready-made salad in the refrigerator. We just need to rinse it off when we are ready to eat.”
“Sounds good.”
“Red or white?”
“Red… always red.”
“I’ll remember that,” Jeremy said.
When they were eating Jeremy said, “Okay, so I have a serious question to ask you…”
Uh boy, Sarah though. What does he want to know? Did Claire tell him about my shady past? “Okay… ask.”
“Will you be my date to the talent show?” He asked nervously.
She laughed. She took a sip of wine then said seriously, “Absolutely. I wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
“Well, you have to go… I mean… your goddaughters are in the show… it’s a must… BUT will you be my date?” He asked.
She smiled. “Yes, I’ll be your date.”
“Yes….” He said with a little whoop.
They saw each other nearly every day for the next three weeks. The Friday before winter break was scheduled to begin was the night of the talent show. Jeremy had invited his sister to the event which she in turn invited James and Carl. Roberta was already planning to go since her granddaughter was performing as well. Sarah sat next to Roberta. “Oh, my granddaughter has been practicing every night for the past two weeks. This is going to be great. I miss the Christmas plays, but I still think this will be great.”
Sarah nodded.
Promptly at seven a tall lanky woman in black dress slacks, black flats, white dress shirt and a wearing a thin black tie approached the mic that was in front center stage. Her long straight black hair was slicked back into a ponytail. “Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Beach City Elementary School’s annual Talent Show. For those of you who don’t know me, I’m Diane Phillips the school principal. We thank you all for joining our students today as they show their skills and talents with everyone. We want to encourage the arts, and this is one way to do just that. So sit back and enjoy.” There was some mild clapping from the audience. The principal remained on stage, put her head down then snapped both of her fingers. Two students carrying a black coat rushed up to her then held the coat until she had it all the way on. Those two students disappeared while another student rushed upholding a black hat and sunglasses. She placed both on the principle. When the student was off the stage, Jeremy slid on the stage in black dress slacks, white dress shirt, slim black tie, black coat, black sunglasses and black hat. Immediately the Blues Brother’s- Everybody Needs Somebody to Love blasted over the speakers. The crowd went wild as Jeremy and Diane lip synced and danced precisely the way Dan Aykroyd and John Baluchi performed it. Sarah was quite impressed and was laughing and cheering all at the same time.
“Well, that’ll be a tough act to follow,” Roberta said.
Claire nodded. “My brother is awesome… isn’t he?”
James rolled his eyes in the typical James fashion.
A few acts later the twins lip sync and danced to an Iggy Azalea song. Sarah was most certain the school bleeped out several words from the rap. Right after the twins performed, Roberta’s granddaughter performed a dance routine to an Ariana Grande song. There were more performances to follow. There were a few live singers who weren’t so bad. All in all, it was a fun night.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Jeremy invited Sarah to join him to Claire’s fiancé’s house for Christmas Eve. To Sarah’s surprise, Carl only live a few houses away from her brother. This made it convenient that she could visit her brother for a short time then join Jeremy at Carl’s house. While she was at her brothers, she passed the girls gifts to them. “Now you can’t open them until tomorrow,” she teased. They were all seated in the living room where the seven foot decorated Christmas tree was.
“Oh, come on Aunt Sarah,” Rebecca whined, holding the gift. She was shaking it aggressively. “Don’t you want to see our expressions when we open the present from our favorite aunty?” 
Cedrick rolled his eyes. “You’ve been hanging out with my sister too much because now you starting to sound just like her.”
“Oh stop,” Sarah said, nudging her brother on his knee. He was sitting on the leather couch while she was sitting close to him on the floor, her back resting against the couch.
“Please Aunt Sarah, can we open them?” Jessica begged. She was kneeling in front of the tree gently holding the box that was the same size as the one Rebecca had.
“Okay, of course, I want to see you open them.”
The girls immediately ripped off the snowman wrapping paper then squealed in delight. “American Me Dolls!!!” 
Cedrick rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“I’m so glad they are still into dolls and girly foo-foo stuff,” Sarah said. 
Kim nodded, “Me too.”
“Well, at least I have Rebecca. She loves sports,” Cedrick said
Rebecca still let out another squeal of delight. “Look Jessica, they look just like us! Look! Mine has a mole by her left eye like I do… Eeee… this is great! Thank you, Aunty Sarah!”
Sarah smiled from delight.
She visited for a couple more hours then at six she let her family know she needed to walk to Carl’s house. To her surprise, Kim, Cedrick and the girls invited themselves to go with her to Carl’s house. “Oh, okay… I guess the more the merrier, right?”
“I’ll bring a couple bottles of wine as a bribe for entry,” Cedrick offered. He then strolled over to his small wine refrigerator that was behind his mini bar near the living room. He grabbed a Merlot and a Chardonnay. “This should do it.”
The family then walked a few house over to Carl’s house. Carl owned the biggest house on the street. It was massive and impressive. Sarah could easily visualize Claire raising a family here. She was truly happy for her. She rang the bell and was immediately bombarded with hugs and kisses. A house full of people was putting it mildly. There was a woman with bright red hair who was approximately five two with bright green eyes and an enormous smile. “Hi, you must be Sarah. So good to meet you. I’m Lorraine Buchanan… Jeremy’s mom.” She stretched out her arms and embraced her with a hug.
“I… Jeremy didn’t… he… I…” Sarah felt overwhelmed.
“I’m sorry for this Sarah,” Claire said, “I tried to stop them all, but they all insisted on flying out to meet you.”
“It’s Christmas… we want to be with everyone,” an older man with a deep booming voice, said at the bottom of the elaborate spiral staircase. He was at least six feet four. He had his arms outstretched and embraced Sarah with a hug. “I’m THE Mr. Buchanan but most people call me Craig. I’m Jeremy’s dad.”
Sarah’s heart was racing out of control. She hadn’t expected this welcoming committee. 
Jeremy tapped his dad on the shoulder. “Can I have my lady now?” Jeremy asked with a smile.
“Sure son,” Craig said. He released his embrace of Sarah.
Sarah turned to see where her brother and his family was. They had made themselves at home and were already introducing themselves to others gathered around. 
Jeremy whispered to Sarah, “I’m sorry. I didn’t know they were coming. They just showed up today. My brother has this habit of showing up out of the blue sometimes… and sometimes… he brings the entire family with him.”
“Oh, don’t apologize. It’s great that your family is able to do this, you know? So many people don’t have family around or are not celebrating Christmas because they feel like they have nothing to celebrate.”
“Is that the way it was for you?” Jeremy asked.
Sarah nodded. “Yes, but I was blind and stupid. I didn’t see the family that was right in front of me. I’m not just talking about my brother, sister-in-law and the girls. I’m talking about them,” Sarah pointed to Claire, James and Roberta. They were sitting on a couch near the enormous Christmas tree and were talking and laughing about something. James had a genuine smile on his face and was sipping on Egg Nog. 
“Oh, be careful of the Egg Nog. My dad made it. There’s more alcohol than nog.”
She laughed.
Claire soon announced it was time to play Pictionary. There were several groans, but the twins jumped up and down excitedly.
The evening zoomed by with lots of noise, laughter, games, chatter and even dancing. Around nine o’clock Jeremy approached Sarah. She was sitting in a corner waiting for her turn to draw the picture for another round of Pictionary. He outstretched his hand, “Can you come with me for a minute?” he asked.
She nodded, accepted his hand and followed him. He skillfully maneuvered his way around the crowd of family, friends and loved ones. He led them down a hall and to a door to the right. He opened the door then led her inside. He locked the door, then turned the light on. They were in a bathroom. And what a bathroom it was. It was huge with peach colored tile, Jacuzzi tub, a glass shower with many knobs and gadgets and gizmos. There was a double sink and a space age toilet. Sarah was still holding her glass of wine. She took a sip. “Wow! This is a little much, don’t you think?” Sarah asked.
“I’m glad you said that because I’d never be able to afford something like this.”
“Oh, no… don’t want it. This would stress me out. I love… I absolutely love, love… your house. It feels like home. Especially with Buster running around like a maniac.”
He laughed and pulled her close. He took her wine glass and placed it on the sink. He kissed her. “Merry Christmas Eve.”
“Merry Christmas Eve,” she said back at him. She felt a little weight on her chest. “You know… I have to come clean about something. I mean… it was a long, long time ago, and it was a year of total bad decisions but I think you should know….”
“Yeah, Claire already told me about your spinster days. It’s okay. I wasn’t a saint either, but we’ve both been good for the past few years now, right?”
Sarah’s mouth dropped open. “She told you?!”
“Psst… she probably told Roberta and James too… you should know… my sister can’t keep a secret if her life depended on it.”
“I’ll remember that,” she said pointedly then shook her head.
“And so, speaking of my sister. She mentioned you wear a size seven, is that right?” He kissed her.
“What?” Sarah asked utterly confused.
He dropped down on one knee and pulled out a blue velvet box. He swallowed. “I know we’ve only known each other for a few weeks but I feel like I’ve known you my whole life. You were the missing chunk I’ve been searching for all my life. Sarah….” He popped open the box; inside was a simple engagement ring. Tears sprang from her eyes. “Will you marry me?” He asked. He held his breath. Please say yes, please say yes. Oh, God, please let her say yes. I’ll die if she doesn’t want to spend the rest of our lives together.
She nodded and choked back tears. “Yes, Jeremy, oh, God, yes.” He immediately slip the ring onto her finger and then jumped to his feet and reached up to embrace her into a hug. He kissed her over and over all over her face.
“I love you Sarah.”
“I love you too Jeremy.”
They both held each other, and each cried happy tears. 
There was an obnoxious knock on the door.
“What did she say?” Claire shouted.
“Yeah, bro, what’d she say?” Came a deep voice that sounded a lot like Cedrick’s.
They both laughed. 
“Are you ready to face the crazy people beyond this door?” He asked.
She nodded with another laugh. “Yes.”
“Okay, let’s do this,” he said. He grabbed her left hand. As soon as he opened the door he lifted her left hand and shouted, “She said yes! Everybody, she said yes!”
There was whoops, laughter, cheers and high fives.
James dropped his head in defeat and shook his head.
“Yes,” Claire jumped up and down. “I won again.” Roberta gave her a high five.
