


TRUTH or DARE:
A Love Story



Giselle Lumas














Also by Giselle Lumas

Adult Romance:

	Tug of Love
	
	Melody’s Blues

Young Adult Romance:

	Sandy Times

Young Adult Fiction:

	Journal of a Cymbal Player: Freshman Year

Science Fiction/Fantasy:

	Malique’s Quest

Children’s Book:

	THE SUPER HERO WHO SAVED CHRISTMAS (Co-author Tyler Lumas)

Collection of Romantic Short Stories:

	Love Stories Short and Sweet: Some with a Little Tart



This is a work of fiction. 
Names, characters, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real.





ISBN: 978-0-9817934-7-4




Copyright © 2014 by Giselle Lumas

Donty Books- August 2014

Smashwords Edition




Visit www.gisellelumas.com.

Email the author at gigilumas@att.net.










TABLE OF CONTENTS

Prologue

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

EPILOGUE
	




















PROLOGUE- Almost eighteen years ago…

Cheyenne Gauthier was surrounded by her three best friends (Maggie, Reggie and Mark) celebrating her twelfth birthday at her father’s Beach City, California home. They were sitting around a bonfire with their bare toes sinking into the sand, roasting marshmallows and talking. As the darkness grew thicker around them, Maggie’s eyes widened. There was a sparkle behind them which Cheyenne knew could only mean Maggie was just struck with one of her brilliant ideas. “Let’s play truth or dare!” Maggie shouted with excitement.
	Reggie and Mark let out a groan.
	“Oh, come on guys…. You know you want to. Who knows… maybe you guys will get kissed tonight,” Maggie said with a laugh.
	Reggie rolled his eyes while Mark appeared to be thinking about it.
	“It’s up to the birthday girl…” Mark Robinson said, pointing to Cheyenne.
	“Yeah, I agree, it’s up to Chey,” Reginald Roberts said and nodded in agreement.
	“Oh, fine… no pressure…” Cheyenne whined.
	Maggie nudged Cheyenne. 
	“Fine,” Cheyenne groaned. “Let’s play truth or dare.”
	Maggie jumped up and down excitedly on the log she was sitting on. The guys rolled their eyes again. Maggie insisted on going first. She dared Reggie to eat twelve large marshmallows. Reggie then gave Maggie the same dare. Maggie was about to dare Reggie to do something else, but Mark interrupted the two of them and said, “Okay… my turn… enough you two!” Mark turned to Cheyenne. He shoved his gigantic, black-rimmed glasses up higher onto his nose and grinned a goofy grin, exposing his braces. He cleared his throat then challenged, “Cheyenne, I dare you to marry me on my thirtieth birthday.”
	Cheyenne’s heart raced into overdrive. There was a shocked silence around the bonfire. Reggie was the first to snap out of the silence by nudging Mark then said, “You’re such a dork. We’re playing today, not for when we are old. What kind of…”
	Mark regained his balance on the rock that he had been sitting on. He sprang to his feet and held up his hands as if in surrender. “Okay, okay… wait… hold on… let me finish what I have to say… I know we are all kids, but Cheyenne is my best friend. We’ve known each other forever, and we have fun, and she’s starting to look hot. I’m thinking after she does her whole college thing, travelling thing, get all the guys she’ll be dating out of her system eventually she will want to settle down. Who better to settle down with than your best friend, right? So all you have to do Cheyenne Gauthier is show up on my doorstep on my thirtieth birthday, and we can get married…” He sputtered his speech out quickly and was out of breath. He looked as if he had more to say, but both Maggie and Reggie seemed to have had enough. They both started throwing marshmallow’s at Mark. Cheyenne never had the chance to answer him.
	Cheyenne’s heart fluttered, and she wondered if he was serious or not.



CHAPTER ONE

Cheyenne Gauthier parked her rental car in the narrow driveway of her father’s Beach City, California home. The two story home was small- with a kitchen, living room and bathroom on the lower level and a master bedroom on the upper level. In the past, her room was the living room on the sofa bed during her weekend and holiday visits. She sat in the rental car for a moment staring up at the house. She didn’t feel warm and fuzzy. She knew she wouldn’t. She didn’t know what she expected. From the outside, the windows were boarded up, just as her father warned her it would be. The power would be turned back on this afternoon, as well as water and gas. Internet and cable were a different story. 
	The house was painted white with reddish tile roof; ivy was growing wild and crept up the house. There were a couple of wind chimes hanging from the porch. A weathered wicker rocking chair was also on the porch. She could sand it down a bit, buy a cushion, and it would be good as new. Hmmm…. She marveled at herself. Look at me… making plans and ideas for the future… maybe there’s hope for me yet. She thought sadly, yet hopefully.
	She let out a sigh then got out of the red convertible rental. She liked the car. She would think about offering to buy it from the rental car company… if the price was right. She pressed a button on the keychain the rental company gave her, and the trunk popped up. She grabbed two of her suitcases and wheeled them to the porch. Glad that she thought to wear an old t-shirt, jeans and tennis shoes, she trudged up the steps dragging both of the suitcases with her up the three steps. She pulled open the screen door and held it open with the aid of her hip. She hadn’t thought to ask if her father had changed the locks or not. She said a silent prayer for her old key to work. When the doorknob managed to turn after she inserted her key she said, “Oh, thank God! I am home!” She let out a gasp of relief. 
	The house was predictably dark since all the windows were boarded up. Her father had left for Italy two months prior to spend time with his new wife’s family. He planned to stay for a few more months, which would give Cheyenne the time she needed to figure the next steps in her life. Her modeling career ended abruptly in Paris, France when she found her agent sleeping with her fiancé.  Cheyenne felt her throat tighten from the brief memory. She squeezed her eyes shut and murmured, “Stop it… stop it… stop it… don’t want to think about it…. Get out of my head… Pierre… you stuzzer…” Cheyenne managed a grin. Stuzzer was a term she and Maggie created after Maggie’s first heartbreak. It was a combination of Maggie’s first boyfriend’s name- Steve and loser…. They just added the z’s for effect. 
	Just then, Cheyenne felt her phone vibrate in the left pocket of her jeans. She pulled it out and saw that it was Maggie, “Mags! I was just thinking about you!”
	“I knew it… I could feel it,” Maggie giggled.
	Cheyenne rolled her eyes. “Of course you did because you have ESP.”
	“Yes! I always told you I did. Now, do you believe me?”
	“No, and never will,” Cheyenne said but managed a smile.
	“So, want me to come by with my tools and help you with the boards? I should be there in about thirty minutes.”
	“Yes, please.”
	“Are you sure you don’t want me to tell the guys to come by too?”
	“No!” Cheyenne said a little too quickly and loudly.
	“Why won’t you let me tell them you’re back?”
	Cheyenne dragged one of the suitcases in, then the other. She walked back to the car and grabbed another suitcase plus a duffle bag. She slammed the trunk shut then clicked the alarm button on the key chain. “Because they are male. I just want to avoid all male species right now.”
	“Wow! That bad huh?”
	“Oh, Mags, you have no idea. Right now, I think all males should be castrated.”
	Maggie laughed.
	“I’m not kidding,” Cheyenne said seriously.
	Maggie laughed again.
	“Stop laughing.”
	“I’m on my way with ready-made margaritas in beer cans. They are already chilling in an ice chest. I bought them last night thinking we might need it since we don’t know when your power will come back on…. Or if your dad left you a blender or not.”
	“Oh, I could use a margarita. Thanks Maggie.”
	“No problem. See you in a few.”
	Cheyenne walked back into the house. She left the front door open but closed the screen door. It was musty and dusty. The furniture was covered with blankets. It wasn’t a lot… A sofa bed, love seat, flat screen television but at least there was a fireplace…. In the kitchen, there was a small round table with four chairs. Cheyenne decided to check out the back yard while she waited for Maggie to arrive. The ocean crashed with waves; seagulls flew above. A couple of the seagulls landed close to her and followed her for a short while. Finally, they realized she had no food so soon flew away. “Probably males…. Leave when there’s nothing to take,” she mumbled bitterly.
	She sat down close to the water’s edge and gazed out at the ocean. She always loved the beach. She was never one actually to swim in the ocean much less a pool, but she always loved watching the waves, getting her feet wet. Time past quickly and sooner than expected she heard Maggie’s voice behind her, “There you are! I have a couple of crowbars and a ladder. Let’s get to work.”
	An hour and a half later, all of the boards were off the house. They opened all the windows to air out the house. “Bleh!” Maggie exclaimed. “Does your dad have any Lysol or another air freshener?”
	Cheyenne crinkled her nose, “Not sure. I’ll check underneath the kitchen sink.” She found a small can of air freshener, not much left, but enough to make a small difference. She sprayed until it was empty.
	Maggie uncovered the couch while Cheyenne wandered to the closet near the bathroom. She pulled out an old vacuum cleaner. She sneezed just as she was plugging it up, planning to vacuum the living room carpet then dragging the vacuum upstairs to tackle the master suite. Maggie plopped down on the couch and let out a yawn. Cheyenne glanced at her best friend. Maggie was resting her head on her right arm. Her eyes were closed. Cheyenne hadn’t noticed before, but there seemed to be bags under Maggie’s eyes. Her normal caramel skin seemed a little pale. Maggie’s hair was still as beautiful as ever in tiny braids and piled on top of her head in a bun. One strand of braid hung loosely across her cheek. 
	Cheyenne wondered if perhaps she should hold off on vacuuming and letting Maggie sleep instead. But then she remembered her best friend could sleep through anything. She turned the vacuum on and began cleaning all carpeted areas. Perhaps she should have dusted off all the furniture first but too late now. An hour later, the house was clean. Not too bad, she thought. Cheyenne was still napping on the couch. Maggie covered her with an old crocheted blanket she found in the master bedroom closet. 
	Cheyenne heard a click and the sound of the refrigerator running. “Woo Hoo!” Cheyenne shouted when she realized the power was now on. She immediately covered her mouth when Maggie’s eyes fluttered open.
	“What… why?? I… Uh… no… I fell asleep?” Maggie took a deep breath in and then yawned and stretched. “Why didn’t you wake me up? You’re the one who is supposed to be relaxing. You probably have jet lag and all that.”
	“Yes, but you are the one with bags under your eyes. Is this your only day off or what?”
	“Oh, no… it’s my first day off. I don’t have to go back to the hospital until Tuesday.”
	“So that means you didn’t get much rest yourself since you got off of your shift? Right?”
	“Right but how could I when my very best friend in the whole wide world was coming back today?” Maggie sprang to her feet and engulfed Cheyenne in an enormous hug and kissed her on the cheek a few times. “I’m so happy you’re back! Are you going to stay?”
	Cheyenne felt a weight on her chest. Just a few months ago, she thought she was going to live in Paris for the rest of her life but now… She felt lost.
	“I don’t know. I’m hoping to stay here until my dad gets back from Italy and then hopefully by then I will know what I am doing.”
	“So, are you ready to talk about it? What happened?”
	“Get the ice chest first. This requires Margarita beers.”
	Maggie went to her car to fetch her small ice chest and a grocery bag. They sat at the kitchen table. Maggie pulled out a bag of corn chips then from the ice chest she pulled out a case of Budweiser Lime Margaritas. She passed one to Cheyenne and kept one for herself. She reached back into the ice chest and pulled out a container of salsa. “I couldn’t risk us drinking on empty stomachs. We both are light weights.”
	Cheyenne grinned. “Oh, you have no idea how much I’ve missed Mexican food!”
	“This is nothing… I’ve got to take you to my friend’s house. His mom will make us the real deal.”
	“Oh, please, yes… that would be great…” Cheyenne said as she popped the can open. 
	“Oh, now that your power is on, we can put the rest of these in the fridge,” Maggie said, referring to the rest of the beer.
	Cheyenne stacked the cans in the fridge. “You know, this looks like a bachelor pad… only alcohol in the fridge.”
	“Maybe like Reggie’s place but not Mark’s,” Maggie said.
	At the sound of Mark’s name, Cheyenne’s stomach did a little flip-flop. “I suppose you’re right. Mark always was Mr. Serious while Reggie was Mr. Player.”
	Maggie shook her head as they both sat back down at the table and began to eat chips and sip on the margaritas. “At least that is what Reggie wanted everyone to believe. The truth is most of the time he’s home alone playing video games or watching television.”
	“Really?”
	Maggie nodded, “Yep.”
	“What about Mark?”
	Maggie shrugged her shoulders. “He doesn’t talk to me. When I think back, he never did. He was always more your friend than mine. He and Reggie are buddies of course, but I was always kind of an odd ball out when it came to Mark.”
	Cheyenne tilted her head; her mouth twisted to the side. “Why would you think that?”
	“As soon as your butt got on a plane for Europe, Mark stopped talking to me. Really, he stopped talking to everyone, except Reggie of course. He just got all Bill Gates and Steve Jobs… just wrapped up in computers and building his programming dorky empire. Who knows what he does in his house on the hill all by himself. Just… whatever… I don’t want to talk about the boys. I want to talk about what happened in Paris. Talk to me,” Maggie said, a little of the bags under her eyes were gone, but Cheyenne guessed she needed a full night’s sleep in order for them to completely disappear.
	“Well,” Cheyenne said but paused, held up her right index finger, took a swig of her margarita from the can, swallowed then continued, “it all came crashing down last week. I went to my agent’s office to find out when my next photo shoot would be when she told me there most likely wouldn’t be anymore. No one had requested me in months. She told me I needed to consider retiring. She was right of course. I was lucky to last as long as I did. Not many models can still model at 29.” Cheyenne took another swig. Half of the can was already gone.
	“You know, you’re supposed to sip it as if it were a real margarita, right? You don’t chugalug it.”
	“It’s in a beer can for crying out loud.” To show her point, Cheyenne drank the rest of the can then waltzed to the fridge and grabbed a new can. She popped that one open and took a big gulp. 
	Maggie took a deep breath then let it out slowly, “Then what happened.”
	“So, I told Pierre that night during a phone conversation that his fiancé was retiring from modeling. He didn’t say much but when he did, he said he would talk to my agent to see if he could get me a few more assignments. He didn’t think I was done yet.” Cheyenne took a few chips and dipped them in the salsa. She shoved them all in her mouth.
	Maggie frowned, “Why would he do that? I mean, what made him think he had the nerve to talk to your manager in the first place? Why would….”
	Cheyenne held up her right index finger again as she took another swig from the can. This time Cheyenne belched then wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Her body was finally relaxed, and she felt her head was a little floaty. “He is Mr. Professional Soccer Man… King of all… So…. Soo… he ends up in bed with her. Except it wasn’t a bed… it was on her desk… in the middle of the day. Oh God… Mags…” Cheyenne couldn’t stop the flood of tears. Before Maggie could envelope her in another hug, Cheyenne lifted her right index finger. She choked back some tears, then took another swig of beer. “I’m not pathetic… okay… I just went to see my agent the next day to warn her that Pierre was planning on talking to her, but he was already there…. Doing her…. On the desk. They… they didn’t even bother to lock the door…. I mean… who does that?” She sobbed and took another swig. When she realized the can was empty, she grabbed another one.
	She drank a quarter of the can and burped again. Her eyes were glossy. “I…. I think… I didn’t belong there anymore. It was time to come back. I should have never left. I should have helped Mark and Reggie. I should have…. I….”
	Cheyenne broke down in more tears. “I feel so old and used up Mags… what am I going to do?”
	Maggie disappeared for a few seconds but returned with a roll of tissue. Cheyenne grabbed a wad and blew into it. She hiccupped then giggled. “I have the hiccups.” She hiccupped again, then giggled.
	Maggie shook her head but wrapped an arm around her best friend. “You’re home now. Time will help you figure things out.”
	“Thanks Mags. I missed you.”
	“I missed you too.”
	I miss Mark too, Cheyenne heard herself think. She groaned and tried to squash the thought. No men for a few months. Maybe no more men, ever. No that was going a little too far… just not for a while. 
	She thought of her dad and how he had cheated on her mother after ten years of marriage. How crushed her mother was. She became a workaholic in the real estate world and never seemed to have time for her. Her dad did his best, but all he did was buy her things and allowed her to have friends over all the time, so he never really spent any quality time with her. He was a workaholic too. 
	She wondered if anyone would ever have time for her. She wondered if she would ever find someone who would truly love her for who she was not for her looks or…. Oh, who was she kidding? According to the modeling world, she no longer had looks. She was dried up. 
	“Come to church with me tomorrow,” Maggie said out of the blue.
	“I… wait… what?”
	Maggie laughed. “What do you have to lose? Come to church with me. I’ll pick you up at 8:30. We’ll go to the 9:00 mass.”
	“Oh… I don’t know Mags… I might get struck down by lightning or something. I haven’t gone since I left.”
	“It’s still your church and always will be.”
	Cheyenne sniffed, blew her nose again, shrugged her shoulders then said, “Oh… why not?”
	What Maggie failed to mention was that Mark would be there.
	



CHAPTER TWO

Mark Robinson parked his white Toyota Prius and set his car alarm in St. Michael’s Catholic Church parking lot. He pocketed his keys into his dress khaki pants. The lot was more packed than usual, and he hoped he would find a seat in the back of the church just in case Father Jim became long winded as he sometimes did, he could slip out without the entire congregation noticing. It was a beautiful day in sunny California, but he didn’t have the time to enjoy it. He couldn’t remember the last time he really did anything enjoyable. He sighed. His mind wanted him to think of happy times. But, usually happy memories would make him think of Chey… He didn’t want to think of her. Thinking of her meant the subtle ache in his heart and soul would begin to crack. Why would he want that to happen? He came to terms a few years ago that she was never coming back. She was meant for the high life, not his computer geeky-ness.
	He glanced down at his cell phone and saw that he had five minutes to spare before mass was to begin. He turned his phone off then placed it in the same pocket as his keys. Mark smiled a little when he saw an open spot right in the last pew, right by the door. He slid into the pew, made the sign of the cross then knelt to pray. He began to pray his usual prayers- just before he finished he added a prayer for Cheyenne. He prayed she was happy and that she knew he loved and missed her. Just as he was making the sign of the cross and about to sit back into the pew, he heard whispering near the side rear door to the left of him.
	Mark turned to see two familiar women. One of the women was caramel complexioned with long braids twisted into a bun on top her head. The other was a super model of five ten, dark chocolate hair with natural golden highlights, hazel cat-like eyes that always made his heart race with just a glance…. Just as his heart raced now. “Mags… Chey!!” He whispered loudly and astonished.
	Cheyenne gripped Maggie’s left arm tightly with her right hand. He could see her knuckles turn white she was holding on so tightly. He could see Chey’s lips moving but couldn’t hear what she was saying to Mags. It was obvious Chey was upset about something. He waved them over.
	Cheyenne licked her lips then bit her bottom lip. 
	“Oh, get over yourself!” Maggie said in a loud whisper then rushed over to where Mark was sitting. Cheyenne reluctantly followed her. Mark scooted over to make room for the two of them. Mark frowned when he noticed how uncomfortable Cheyenne appeared. She didn’t look happy to see him at all. He thought she would at least say hi and smile at him. It wasn’t as if they parted on bad terms. She just never bothered to call for five or more years… away for ten years… He felt achy.
	“Hi Mark,” Maggie whispered then kissed him on the cheek.
	“Hi Mags,” he said. 
	The mass procession began; he turned to focus on the mass and tried not to wonder about Cheyenne’s presence and her odd behavior toward him.

	After mass, Mark walked with Maggie and Cheyenne to the parking lot. Maggie had asked if he’d like to join them for breakfast but considering Cheyenne’s cold shoulder, he decided it best he decline. He was planning to meet Reggie for a round of afternoon golf with a potential client. Despite Cheyenne’s behavior, Mark embraced Cheyenne in a hug. He felt his stomach flip-flop and felt his nerves ignite shivers throughout his body. He kissed her on the cheek and said, “It’s good to see you after all these years Cheyenne.” He noticed she seemed to have lost weight from the last time he’d seen her. She was skinny. “Take care of yourself,” he said to Cheyenne. Then he turned to Maggie, “See you next Sunday.” 
	Take care of yourself?? Really? Is that the best you could come up with? Mark scolded himself. At least he didn’t say something like “Have a nice life.” That would have been awful. He had to give himself a break though. What did Cheyenne expect from him? They were supposed to be best friends, but she never called. She just dropped off the face of the Earth. The only way he found out anything about her life was either through Google or by running into her father every couple of years or so. 
	He was starting to feel spurts of anger. It would flare up then he would hose it down with the attempts of positive thinking. She had her own reasons for keeping her distance from him. If she ever planned on returning to his life though, she would need to explain her reasons. He also decided that since she was the one who kept her distance from him, he would not be the one to reach out to her. He felt hugging her in the church lot was as far as he would reach out to her. The next move, if there were going to be one, would be hers to make.

	“So Chey is back in town, huh?” Reggie asked while they were sitting in the golf club’s lounge terrace. They had just finished playing a round of golf, and both were relieved to know they now had a new client. The terrace was overlooking the golf course from high on a hill. 
	Mark took a sip of lemonade, nodded then said, “Yep. When did you find out?” He leaned back on the cushion wicker chair and closed his eyes momentarily as a cool breeze brushed across his face.
	“Mags called me last night,” Reggie admitted. He crossed his right ankle to rest on his left knee. He started to peel off the label on the bottle of beer he was holding.
	Mark frowned. “Well, why didn’t you tell me? Why didn’t she tell me….”
	“Mags wanted to tell you but she swore to Chey that she wouldn’t.”
	“Why?”
	“Something about all men needed to be castrated and she didn’t want either of us harmed in any way.”
	“So she took her to church knowing I’d be there. Brilliant,” Mark said bitterly.
	“You have to admit it was a brilliant move. That way, Maggie wasn’t breaking her promise, and she was also in a sense telling you Cheyenne was in town.”
	Mark smirked but then nodded in agreement.
	“Do you realized Chey has been away for ten years?”
	“Yep,” Reggie said, taking a sip of his beer.
	“Why do you think she came back?”
	“Well, I guess her modeling career is over and considering she wants all men to be castrated… she must have had her heart broken by a cheating dude.”
	“Dude? Did you really just say dude, dude?” Mark managed to smile.
	“Kid’s still say dude,” Reggie said defensively.
	“I guess… I just didn’t think we did.”
	“Whatever,” Reggie rolled his eyes and took another sip of beer.
	Mark chuckled. “Always had a way with words.”
	“Man… shut up,” Reggie said and threw a balled up napkin at Mark.
	“So what’s going on with you and Mag’s?” Mark asked a couple seconds later.
	Reggie groaned, leaned his head back and stared up at the ceiling. Mark chuckled again. “That bad, huh?”
	“She makes things so complicated. I mean why mess up what we have? We are buds with benefits. What’s wrong with that? We are exclusive. I’m not seeing anyone else. I don’t want to see anyone else. Why do we need to go further than that?” Reggie looked at Mark, expecting a genuine answer.
	“Her clock is ticking. Personally, I agree with her. Why not make it official? It makes sense.”
	Reggie groaned again. “She’s been on my back since we were five!”
	“Ha, ha… yes… she has been,” Mark nodded in agreement. 
	Reggie shook his head then took another swig of beer. A waitress stopped at their table and asked if Reggie wanted another beer. He nodded. “Thanks for driving,” Reggie said to Mark as the waitress walked away.
	“No problem,” he said, taking another sip of his lemonade.
	They sat in quiet for a little while. “You know, I just don’t get why she never called. I mean we were so close. Why would she just disappear and never call?”
	“You’ll have to ask her.”
	“I would but I don’t think she wants anything to do with me. So what if some other guy hurt her. Why can’t she talk to me? Why couldn’t she pick up the phone and tell me she was coming back? Why didn’t she call me to tell me about her relationship issues? Or her career tanking? Or… I don’t know…. I mean… we used to tell each other everything. We were tight… you know? What’s her deal? I… I just don’t get it.”
	“See, that’s always been a problem between the two of you,” Reggie pointed at Mark as if he just made a brilliant point.
	“What do you mean?”
	“You acted like her best girlfriend… not a guy friend. Not like someone she could have relations with.”
	Mark’s face contorted to a combination of a frown and a snarl. “Dude, knock it off. Man…” 
	This time Reggie chuckled, “Now who has a way with words?”
	Mark shook his head agitatedly, “Man… shut up.”

	“Take care of yourself… really?? That’s what he said to me. After ten years… take care of yourself??” Cheyenne said for the hundredth time. 
	“Well, Chey, what did you expect? You haven’t seen him in ten years and haven’t called him in five. Do you really expect more?”
	“But, come on! It’s my Mark for crying out loud!”
	“If he’s your Mark, why didn’t you call him? Why didn’t you let him know you were back in town?”
	Cheyenne closed her eyes. “It’s just so complicated.”
	“Tell me about it,” Maggie grumbled as she dug her feet deeper into the sand. They were sitting on a blanket on the beach. 
	Cheyenne noticed not for the first time the bags under Maggie’s eyes. “What’s going on Maggie?”
	Maggie looked up and took a deep breath in, slow breath out. “You aren’t the only one with a broken heart Chey.”
	“Oh….. no… I….” Cheyenne scooted closer to Maggie and wrapped an arm around her. “I’m sorry. Tell me about it.”
	Maggie shook her head. “I… I can’t right now. Okay?” 
	Cheyenne frowned. She gave Maggie’s shoulder a squeeze and kissed her on the cheek. “Okay, I understand. Sometimes it takes time to talk about it. I’m here though. Okay? Whenever you’re ready to talk about it… I’m here.”
	A tear rolled down Maggie’s cheek. “Thanks. I’m so glad you’re back.”
	They sat quietly staring out at the waves crashing in. Cheyenne wondered how many times she and her friends had been out on this beach, talking, playing… eating. They had all been there for her when her family couldn’t be. It was hard to talk to them when she was in Europe. Whenever she talked to them, she wanted to come back home. She couldn’t come home because she wanted her modeling career. She wanted the glamorous life. She craved it. She wanted the money, the fame. She wanted the glitz. But in the end, she learned none of that mattered. What mattered were her friends… not her fake friends- who only wanted to be with her while she was famous, but the ones who were there on summer days and would turn the day into an adventure with a boogie board or marshmallows.
	She thought back on a time when the four of them- Reggie, Mark, Maggie and herself- went hiking. Reggie always had to be the macho guy of the group. He always seemed to want to show off in front of Maggie. This one day, he decided he was going to jump across a cliff to get to the edge of another cliff. Why? Cheyenne didn’t have a clue. But just as Reggie was about to jump, he slipped. It seemed to happen in slow motion but in reality it all happened so incredibly fast. Mark reached out with his right hand and grabbed a tight hold on Reggie’s shoulder and yanked him back. Reggie looked as if he were a rag doll. Mark tossed him back, away from the cliff.
	Cheyenne shook her head now from the memory.
	“What are you thinking about?” Maggie asked.
	Cheyenne relayed the memory.
	Maggie shook her head and said sadly, “Reggie is such an idiot.”
	“Yes, he was,” Cheyenne agreed.
	“He still is,” Maggie said.
	Cheyenne wanted to ask more, but she had a feeling that Maggie didn’t want to talk about Reggie.
	“Mark was always the rescuer, huh?”
	“Still is,” Maggie said, sadly.
	“What does that mean?”
	“He built the computer programming company and gave Reggie a job.”
	“But, I thought they built it together.”
	“That’s the story they tell, but the truth is… Mark built it, owns it, and runs it.”
	“Are you sure?” Cheyenne asked skeptically.
	“Yes. Mark has rescued me a few times too.”
	“How?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Maybe soon I will tell you but it’s one of those things that I’m just not ready to talk about.”
	Cheyenne blinked. Had she been so disconnected from everyone she loves that she was clueless about their lives? It was a two-way street though. Yes, she hadn’t been home in ten years but they could have easily visited her. Why couldn’t they get on a plane or boat and come see her? Why did they stay away from her for so long? No one even fought for her to stay. No one asked her to stay. No one asked her to come back.
	She wanted to argue. She wanted Maggie to confide in her. She wanted to know how Mark had helped Maggie. Why couldn’t Maggie have included her? Why was she now keeping at least two things from her? They were supposed to be best friends.
	As if reading her mind, Maggie said, “Look, I know you want to know. But sometimes things are too painful. Sometimes things are too hard to say out loud.”
	“But, we used to tell each other everything. Why does Mark know something that I don’t know?”
	“Because he was here. It’s not like he and I are close. He just happened to be there when I needed someone. We still don’t talk much or hangout. Don’t worry. No one could ever replace you in Mark’s heart. The only time  I see Mark is every once in a while at nine o’clock mass on Sundays.”
	Cheyenne let out a gasp from realization, “You knew he was going to be there, didn’t you? That was not a coincidence like you first made it seem, was it?”
	Maggie grinned wickedly. “Yes, I knew he was going to be there.”
	Cheyenne gasped again. “How could you do that?”
	“He needed to know you were back Chey!”
	“No, he didn’t. I wasn’t ready to see him! I didn’t want him to know I was back yet for a reason!”
	“Why? Because you’re too chicken to face your true feelings after all these years?”
	“You… you want to talk about true feelings?” Cheyenne stood up abruptly. Sand flew every which way.  “Let’s talk about you and Reggie, shall we?”
	Maggie’s face contorted to pure pain. This time Maggie sprang to her feet. “Let’s not, okay? There’s so much you don’t know…”
	“And why is that Mag’s?”
	“You weren’t here! You weren’t here Chey! What do you want? What do you expect?”
	“Tell me…. Tell me what happened while I was away? What am I missing?”
	Tears started to spring out of Maggie’s eyes. “A baby Chey…. A baby.”
	“What?” Cheyenne asked in disbelief.
	“I miscarried. It was Reggie’s.”
	“When?”
	“A few years ago.”
	“But… I… I… how… where….”
	“You were in Europe. Where else?” Maggie sniffed. “I’m not ready to talk about it. Okay? Mark was there; you weren’t.”
	“Let’s go inside and…”
	“No, I think I’m going to go. Okay? I need to take care of some things at home. I’ll call you later.” Maggie didn’t wait for Cheyenne’s reply. Maggie turned toward the house. A few minutes’ later Cheyenne could hear Maggie’s car start then drive away. 
	Cheyenne felt the familiar emptiness inside her except now the emptiness felt larger… she didn’t think emptiness could expand, but it did.

CHAPTER THREE

Monday morning Cheyenne decided it was time to go grocery shopping. She didn’t want to fall into the habit of eating fast food or eating out for every meal. She wasn’t much of a cook either, though, so she downloaded a simple cooking app on her phone which came with quick 30 minutes recipes for a week along with a grocery shopping list. She did a little happy dance when she found the nifty app.
	The trouble was it took her over an hour at the grocery store to locate all of the ingredients. The good thing was she wore comfortable sneakers, sweatpants, an old gray t-shirt and a ponytail. When she was at the register, she heard a familiar deep voice ask, “So, you’ve finally learned how to cook, I see?”
	She nearly jumped from his voice. She turned slowly to find Mark standing close to her. She managed a smile, “I will have you know I cooked nearly every day I was away,” she lied, her eyes were blinking superfast as she said it.
	“It’s amazing how you do it….” Mark smirked. She noticed he wasn’t wearing his glasses again. He was dressed in a white dress shirt and black slacks. His curly hair fell in front of his eyes. He used his right hand to push it back.
	“Do what?”
	“Lie and not get struck by lightning,” Mark grinned.
	“Well, ha, ha… ha…” Cheyenne said sarcastically, adding an eye roll for good measure.
	“Nice try though. So what are you making today?”
	“Well, for a late breakfast I am going to make pancakes and bacon. For lunch, I will make a tuna salad sandwich- enough that will last for a couple of days and for dinner I am going to make chicken, mashed potatoes and peas.”
	“That’s a lot of food for a single person.”
	“I plan to pig out since my career went up in flames,” she tried to sound nonchalant but didn’t quite manage to hide the heartache.
	Mark studied her for a moment. “Well, how about you skip making dinner tonight, and I take you out?” He asked. He raised his eyebrows, shocked by the invite himself. Way to go Mark. What happened to waiting for her to take the next move? He chastised himself.
	It was now Cheyenne’s turn to check out at the register. The store clerk began ringing up her items. She had bought enough food to hopefully last two weeks. She may need to come back for fresher items, but it should tie her over for a while. “What?” Cheyenne asked. She felt unsure she heard him right. Her stomach began to do somersaults. Relax, keep calm, it’s just Mark. Cheyenne tried to calm herself.
	His dark eyes were so gentle. She missed them so much. They comforted her nerves. A bit of the jumble-ness inside of her subsided.
	“I’d like to take you to dinner for old times’ sake,” Mark explained.
	“Um… in the old times, we would both sit on the beach, or in your parents’ garage, and stare at each other. We never had money to do anything, and even if we did, we could never figure out what to do or didn’t have a way to get there.”
	“Well, that’s true,” Mark chuckled. “So, let me rephrase that… let me take you out to dinner to get to know each other again.”
	Cheyenne felt a stab in her heart, but reality seeped in. In all honesty, they didn’t know each other anymore. Might as well be honest about it. They would need to get to know each other again. Realizing it was a Monday, and normal people usually have to work on Monday’s she asked, “Hey, what are you doing here? Isn’t it a work day for you normal folk?”
	“I never thought I would see the day when you would accuse me of being normal,” Mark said, astonished.
	Cheyenne laughed for the first time since coming back home. 
	Mark grinned from the sound.
	“Now, I feel like I’m home,” she laughed. “Why do we always fight?”
	“We never fight. We discuss. We understand each other.”
	“Hmmm…. We’ll see tonight when you pick me up at 8 and take me to someplace fancy smancy,” she joked.
	“Okay, you’re on,” he said.
	The salesclerk gave Cheyenne her total. Mark whistled. “That’s a lot.”
	“It’s a lot of food,” Cheyenne said defensively. She paid for her groceries then helped the salesclerk load her shopping cart.
	“For one person,” Mark teased.
	“Who is no longer counting carbs, calories or sugar intake,” Cheyenne said with a smile. It was the one plus side about her forced modeling retirement. She waited for Mark as he paid for a container filled with fruit and a box of pastries.
	“So, what are you doing here this morning instead of the office?” Cheyenne asked again.
	Mark reached into his back pocket of his black dress pants for his wallet then paid for his items.
	“My assistant is out sick today and it was my turn to bring in breakfast this morning. So… here it is.”
	“Hope you have coffee?”
	He nodded, “Yes, the office is always fully stocked with coffee and coffee supplies. Just needed the fruit and pastries. Can’t have a cranky staff from empty stomachs.”
	“Well, that’s nice of you.”
	“Thanks,” he said. He followed Cheyenne out to the parking lot.
	Mark held his bag of groceries in one hand. “Do you need help putting all of that in your car?” Mark asked.
	“Oh, no, I don’t have to go anywhere but home. I can manage.”
	“Are you sure?” He asked.
	“Yes, I’m sure. Thanks,” Cheyenne said.
	He stopped at his white Toyota Prius and pressed a button on his key chain. The car chirped twice.
	“Nice ride Mark,” she smiled.
	“Yeah, I guess you can say that,” Mark said proudly. She noticed his back straightened up a bit more than usual. 
	“See you tonight,” she said.
	“At eight, be ready… don’t keep me waiting,” he teased.
	
	Cheyenne called Maggie and left a message for her to call her back. She also invited her to lunch to make up for the way things ended yesterday. After breakfast, Cheyenne wandered into her dad’s garage and found her old beach cruiser. The tires were deflated, but she found the air pump hanging from a rafter. She pumped up the tires and oiled the chains. She used some of the Lysol wipes she bought earlier in the day to clean off the dust, grime and webs. She decided to use the bike to cruise around the neighborhood and get reacquainted with the area.
	She was happy to discover a little used book store only a couple of blocks away from her dad’s place. She locked the bike in a nearby bike rack then walked into the store. She found a few books from her favorite authors that she hadn’t read yet. She saw that the store had a box set of the Sherlock Holmes series. She smiled. Mark loved the Sherlock Holmes series when they were kids. On an impulse, she decided to buy the set for him as a small surprise to give him tonight.
	Suddenly she felt panicky. What in the world was she supposed to wear to dinner tonight? Why had she said yes? Why had she insisted on someplace fancy? Dressing up was the last thing she really wanted to do. She dressed up all the time in her former modeling life, why would she want to do that now? “Ugh… What’s wrong with me?” Cheyenne said out loud to no one in particular. She was still standing in the middle of the bookstore holding a basketful of books and pounding her forehead with the palm of her hand.
	“Mam, are you okay?” A teenage boy with cargo shorts and long brown hair pulled back in a ponytail asked.
	“I keep asking myself that lately… I dunno… but thanks.”
	“Okay,” the kid said, “um… would you like me to hold your books at the register?”
	“No, I think I’m ready now. You can ring me up,” Cheyenne said as she followed him to the register.
	At home, she tossed a few clothes on the queen sized bed and laid them out to compare. She finally narrowed down to two black dresses. One was low cut and would expose lots of cleavage while the other was simple- sleeveless and mini. She didn’t want to expose cleavage so chose the sleeveless mini dress instead. She figured she’d wear her classic black stilettos. Her feet should be fine since she guessed all they were having was dinner and would not be going anywhere else. No need to walk around… yes, her feet should be fine.
	 
	There was a knock on her door a few minutes before eight o’clock. Cheyenne peeked out of the light weight curtains from the master suite upstairs and glanced down to see Mark’s Prius in the driveway behind her car. “I’ll be down in a minute!” She shouted out the window.
	Mark tilted his head up and shouted, “Didn’t I say don’t keep me waiting?” 
	“Hey, you’re early!” She shouted back.
	Cheyenne quickly grabbed her black velvet evening bag, keys and cellphone. She shoved the phone in the purse then rushed downstairs. She decided to wear her hair down in her natural curls. When she opened the door, Mark was leaning against the door jam with his right elbow, his head resting in his right hand. He wore a black suit with a burgundy dress shirt and black tie. 
	“Wow! Look who looks all grown up now!” Cheyenne exclaimed with a grin. She whistled. “You sure turned into a hottie while I was away.”
	Mark blushed and was speechless for a moment. “Well… I… I think I tried to tell you I’d blossom into a swan at some point.”
	“A swan? Really??” Cheyenne giggled.
	Mark squinted his eyes and nose. “Oh… you know what I mean… knock it off.” Changing the subject he said, “It’s about time you’re ready. Let’s go.”
	“Hey, you were early.”
	“In the business world I was right on time which is late.”
	“Well, this isn’t business so get over it.”
	She stepped over the entry way to the outside then closed and locked the front door. She shoved her keys in her purse then followed Mark to his car. He waltzed over to the passenger side and pulled open the door for her, closing it after she sat down and buckled herself in.
	“So, where are we going Mark?”
	“I thought we could go to a new Italian restaurant that opened up a couple of months ago. Reggie and Mag’s keep telling me it’s a must go place.”
	Cheyenne felt saddened a bit at the mention of Reggie and Maggie. She wanted to know more about what she missed while she was away. It wasn’t the time to question. Now was the time to focus on Mark and get reacquainted.
	They were seated in a private booth in the far corner of the restaurant where it was dimly lit. There were candles in the center of the glass covered tables. “Would you like a glass of wine while you review the menu?” The hostess asked.
	“Do you like red?” Mark asked Cheyenne.
	“Yes, Merlot?” Cheyenne answered.
	“We’ll have a bottle of the house Merlot,” Mark said to the hostess.
	“Okay, your waitress will be here in a moment, and I’ll be right back with your wine,” she smiled before turning and walking away.
	“So,” Mark said as he unfolded a red cloth napkin from the table and placed it on his lap. “Cheyenne Gauthier, tell me what you’ve been up to for the past ten years.”
	Cheyenne unfolded a napkin and also placed it on her lap. “Where do I begin?”
	“How about working backwards? What brought you back home?”
	“Isn’t it obvious?” She asked.
	“No, not really.”
	“My modeling career is over,” she admitted flatly.
	“But that isn’t the reason you came back though, is it? The last time I ran into your dad he was telling me you were planning your wedding,” he said with a sad look in his eyes. 
	She let out a groan. “Well, I was but that kind of took an abrupt halt when I caught my fiancé sleeping with my agent.”
	“Ouch,” Mark winced. 
	She nodded in agreement. 
	The hostess returned with two wine glasses, a bottle of Merlot and a bottle opener. She placed the glasses on the table and showed the label to Mark then to Cheyenne. Mark nodded in approval. The hostess then opened and poured the wine before walking away, leaving the bottle on the table. “So, are you planning to stay?”
	“I haven’t decided yet. I guess it depends…” Cheyenne took a sip of the wine. She closed her eyes before swallowing. 
	Mark watched her, mesmerized by her beauty. She was always beautiful to him when they were growing up, but something about her was enhanced. It seemed to him, her modeling career should be at a peak, not an end. She was a woman now. Definitely not the little girl he felt he had to protect. Definitely not his goofy best friend that he would argue with on a daily basis in younger years. She matured. There was a sadness about her too. He wanted to wrap her in his arms and kiss her sadness away. He craved to touch her, feel her. He wanted to hear the sound of her laughter… the one that would make her snort and cry at the same time. 
	Cheyenne opened her eyes to find Mark staring at her. She jumped a little from the shock of the intensity of his stare. He was looking at her with hungry eyes. He had never looked at her like that before. Mark must have realized the look he was giving her because he cleared his throat then blinked. Suddenly, the intensity was gone and so was the look of hunger.
	“What does it depend on?” Mark resumed their conversation.
	“Well, a job and new career for one. I mean, no, I don’t have to work but I want to. I can’t just sit around and do nothing.”
	“No, you never could,” he agreed.
	“I have to sink my teeth into something. Not sure what it is yet.”
	“But when you do figure it out, you will live where ever it takes you,” he finished for her.
	She raised her glass and took a sip. “Exactly.”
	Just then a waitress appeared, “Are you ready to place your orders or do you need a few more minutes?”
	“Oh… wow… I haven’t even looked at the menu yet,” Cheyenne confessed to the waitress.
	“No worries, I will be back in a few minutes. In the meantime, I will bring you bread and peppered olive oil.”
	“Thank you,” Mark said.
	Minutes later, they each decided to try the shrimp stuffed ravioli with garlic sauce. Cheyenne reached for a slice of bread then dipped it in the peppered olive oil. She bit into the bread then closed her eyes as she chewed. She let out a groan of complete satisfaction.
	Mark raised his eyebrows and tilted his head.
	“This bread is amazing.”
	“I thought Paris was supposed to have the best bread around,” Mark said.
	“Yes, but I rarely had any because of my stupid modeling career and fear of weight.”
	“That must have been hard for you,” Mark observed. “You used to love bread when we were younger.”
	She nodded. “Still do.”
	“Well, what else has been happening for the past ten years Chey?” He asked.
	She took another bite of bread then another sip of wine. She smirked. “Sadly, that’s about it. Just a lot of work… posing, looking pretty…. Pretending to be happy… more work and lots and lots of parties and public appearances.”
	“Do you feel relaxed here?”
	“Yes, there has been no paparazzi since I came home.”
	“Oh, you were hounded by paparazzi?”
	She rolled her eyes. “Yes, mostly because of Pierre. He’s a famous soccer player. Player being the operative word.”
	“Oh.”
	“Also, I was attempting to start an acting career but after everything that happened I think I’m done with the limelight and the pretentious life. I missed home…” I missed you. She wanted to admit but wasn’t ready yet. “So, Mark Robinson, what have you been up to the past ten years?”
	He inhaled deeply then slowly exhaled. “Let’s see. Went to college. Graduated. Fell in love. Thought I was getting married, but she told me I was a boring workaholic and called off the wedding. Focused more on developing my Computers and Repair Company… Go to the gym…. Work… go to the gym…. Work…. Go to church… work… that’s about it.”
	“No kids, wife, girlfriend, mistress… nothing?”
	“Nada,” Mark said. He lifted his right hand forming a zero for emphasis. 
	“Pets? You always wanted a dog or a cat? Hamster? Turtle? Anything?” She asked.
	“Nope,” he said simply. “I’m not home enough.”
	“Why didn’t you ever come visit me in Europe?” Cheyenne asked abruptly.
	“I didn’t think you wanted me there,” he answered honestly.
	“Why wouldn’t I?”
	“You never called. Why didn’t you call?”
	She frowned and said, “I didn’t want to hear your voice.”
	Something began to break inside of him. 
	She held up her hand. “I was afraid if I heard your voice I would miss home more than I already did, and I would want to come back. I wasn’t ready to come back.”
	He felt a little relieved but yet still broken inside. All those years he had needed to hear her voice. There were times when he felt sick without her there. He needed to hear her laugh and know that she was okay. Why couldn’t she understand that? Why couldn’t she have felt the same way he did?
	“I’m sorry Mark,” she said in a low voice. 
	“Why didn’t you tell me you were coming back? Why didn’t you call me?” He asked.
	“Honestly, I was so bamboozled by Pierre and so angry at all men. I just didn’t want to talk to anyone. I had to talk to Maggie.”
	“Why not me?”
	“Because you’re a guy Mark,” she said. And you’re Mark, she thought.
	The waitress appeared with their orders and quickly handed each of them their order then disappeared.
	“That never stopped you before. What changed?” He asked.
	“We hadn’t spoken in years. Was I supposed just to tell you?” She asked.
	“Yes,” he said, matter of factly. His full lips were set tight, and his eyes were now guarded. 
	She blinked. “I’m sorry,” Cheyenne said again.
	They ate in silence the rest of the dinner. They decided to skip dessert and to call the evening a short one. The ride home was also in silence. Cheyenne kissed Mark on the cheek before exiting his car.
	
	
CHAPTER FOUR

Cheyenne woke the next morning feeling exhausted from restless sleep. She kept having dreams about Maggie, Reggie and Mark. She felt a weight on her heart. Where had she gone so wrong? She felt a million miles from the people she loved most in the world. What was wrong with her? Why did she cut them out of her life? 
	She reached for her cellphone and saw that her father had called her and was surprised that her mother had sent her an email. Her mother was in Australia with her new boyfriend. Her mother never remarried since her father left. She had said she married once, and that was enough for her. Cheyenne thought back on her childhood. Her mother had lived only a couple of blocks away from her father, but her parents were talented in avoiding each other as much as possible. Cheyenne would ride her bike from one house to the other or one of her friend’s parents would drive her back and forth. Even though she lived with her mom most of the time, she thought she spent most of her memorable times with her dad. Or at least at her dad’s house. 
	She wondered if her parents were the reason she stayed away so long. There was always so much tension between her parents, and she was always caught in the middle of it all. She wanted to get away from the tension and wanted to have fun and something different. She read her mother’s email. Her mother asked her why she hadn’t joined her in Australia rather than go to her father’s empty, lonely beach house. She tried to guilt her into flying to Australia to stay with her and the boyfriend she never met. “No thank you Mom,” Cheyenne mumbled.
	She continued to look through her phone but flopped back down onto the bed. She was hoping that Maggie had called, text or sent an email… but there was nothing. She needed to see her. She scrolled through her phone and found the address of Maggie’s condo. 
	Thirty minutes later, Cheyenne was dressed and showered, headed to a coffee shop then to Maggie’s condo. She held a bag of blueberry scones and two-mocha latte’s as she used her middle right finger to ring the doorbell. She rang a few times, but there was no answer. Cheyenne shifted from foot to foot. Then she thought back on a previous conversation. Maggie had mentioned she had to go back to work on Tuesday. Cheyenne dropped her head in defeat. Today was Tuesday. Maggie was most likely at the hospital.
	Cheyenne moped back to her car. She placed the cups of coffee in cup holders in the center console of her car. She tapped her steering wheel and wondered what to do now. She ended up going back to the bookstore, not sure what else to do. She brought her coffee in with her and wandered over to the classics section. 
	“Excuse me, mam,” a woman’s voice said.
	Cheyenne turned, “Yes?”
	“You can’t drink that in here,” the woman announced. She was petite with brunette curly hair in a pink t-shirt, denim shorts and black converse tennis shoes.
	Cheyenne frowned, “Since when can’t someone drink coffee in a bookstore? Don’t they go together? I mean how can you not have one without the other?”
	“Not in this bookstore,” the woman said, calmly. She pushed up her dark rimmed glasses.
	“How long have you been open?” Cheyenne asked, taking a sip of her coffee.
	“Four years,” the woman said.
	“Are you by chance looking for help? Hiring, I mean.”
	The woman’s eyes widened from surprise. “Aren’t you, like, a supermodel?”
	Cheyenne blinked. It was the first time anyone recognized her since she returned. “Not anymore.”
	The woman blinked, mouth agape. 
	Cheyenne decided to take a different approach and extended her hand, “Hi, I’m Cheyenne Gauthier. What’s your name?”
	The brunette still stood blinking, mouth still agape. 
	Cheyenne still had her hand out then cleared her throat.
	“Oh, I’m… I’m sorry… I’m just still in shock. I’ve never met a celebrity before,” the woman said, accepting Cheyenne’s hand finally. “I’m Celeste Jenkins. I’m the owner. Nice to meet you.”
	“So are you hiring or do you need volunteers or anything?”
	Celeste shoved her hands in the back of her pockets and shrugged her shoulders. “There’s not much to do. Honestly, I’m not sure I will be open for much longer.”
	Cheyenne frowned. “But why? There isn’t any other bookstore around here. I would think you would have lots of business.”
	“Yeah, that’s what I thought when I opened, but I mostly rely on the community donations. Then on the tourists. But, I break even each month. I will have to start thinking of a new venture. I need to start moving ahead and not risking going behind, you know?”
	Cheyenne frowned. “Well, do you have a website? Do you market yourself? Advertise?”
	“I make flyers every once in a while but that in itself takes money. I can’t afford a website. Again, mostly I rely on the community and tourists.”
	Cheyenne’s brain was wheeling. She felt a little bit of excitement bubble inside her. “Tell you what. I will set up a website for you. I need something to do, and I’m a lover of books.”
	“Oh… no… but I can’t afford to pay you.”
	“Think of it as a donation. I have friends who are computer wizards so I am sure between me and them we can come up with a brilliant website. Then we can come up with an affordable advertising campaign.” Cheyenne’s eyes brightened.
	“But, I….”
	Cheyenne glanced around the bookstore. No one else was in the store. “Do you like coffee?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Yes,” Celeste said, confused.
	“I have another cup in the car. It’s still hot. You can have it if you like, along with a blueberry scone,” Cheyenne offered. She probably sounded desperate for a companion. But, well, she was… she was lonely and bored. She needed something to focus on so why not a bookstore?
	“I…” Celeste stuttered, “I… um… okay.”
	“I’ll be right back,” Cheyenne said excitedly. Moments later, she returned with the coffee and the bag of scones. “Do you have a computer here? If not, I can go home and grab my laptop.” She placed the coffee and bag on the counter where the register was located.
	“I…” Celeste was still overwhelmed. Cheyenne waited patiently for Celeste to regain her speech. “Yes, I have a laptop in the back. I’ll be right back.”
	Celeste disappeared to the back of the store then returned with her black laptop. 
	Hours later, Cheyenne helped Celeste create a Facebook page, twitter account and blog. They wrote the first blog entry together and took photos of the bookstore for the Facebook page. Celeste was surprised by how quickly she had followers. 
“I can’t believe this whole time you didn’t use social media,” Cheyenne said.
	Celeste shrugged her shoulders then admitted, “I just thought it was all hype and didn’t work.”
	“Oh, no, no business can succeed in this day and age without it,” Cheyenne declared.
	“Thank you so much!”
	“You’re welcome,” Cheyenne said. “I will have to check with a buddy of mine to find out more information about how to get a website going but I think it should be fairly simple.”
	“Why are you doing this?” Celeste asked. “I mean, you don’t know me. You’re a supermodel and famous…”
	“Not anymore,” Cheyenne said with a smile. “Fame is phony. It doesn’t mean anything. Books, on the other hand, mean something. I want to thank you for allowing me to do this. I need something worth-while to do. I truly want your bookstore to succeed. Not everyone uses e-readers. Even if they do, people still like to hold a real book in their hands. We need bookstores and libraries.”
	Celeste nodded, fascinated. “Weren’t you supposed to marry a soccer player in Europe or something?”
	“Ugh! Bleh!” Cheyenne exclaimed. Her face contorted to one of disgust.
	Celeste held up her hands, her eyes wide. “Oh, I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to intrude.”
	Cheyenne rolled her eyes and waved her hands dismissively, “I don’t mind. I’ll just say things didn’t workout. It was time for me to come home.”
	“Oh,” Celeste said with a sigh of relief, “well, I am glad you are here. Thank you again for helping me.”
	“You’re welcome,” Cheyenne said. “So, I think you should find something to blog about everyday or at least every other day. I’ll talk to my buddy and start working on creating your website. You might want to think about inviting authors here to your store for book signings or promotions. Maybe have a book club or writing club meet here once a week or month. Oh… you could even have poetry readings or performance nights… especially in the summer. Tourists would probably flock here. Oh and I think you should add a coffee machine… definitely a coffee machine.”
	“But, I don’t want the books to get messed up,” Celeste said, worriedly.
	“Well, you could set up a corner of the store with a coffee or espresso machine and a few chairs. So people can relax after they’ve selected a few books or while they are thinking about purchasing books. You can get a sign made that says something like if you spill on the book, you buy it…. Hmm… something like that. We can figure it out.”
	“Are you sure you don’t want to be paid for all of your help?”
	“I’m sure. Don’t worry, I’m fine financially.”
	Celeste hesitated, “Okay…”
	Cheyenne’s phone vibrated. It was a text from Mark asking her what she was doing. She was surprised to hear from him. The silence last night seemed so loud; she wasn’t sure he’d want to see her again. She texted him back: Helping a new friend with her bookstore.
	Mark: Hmm… interesting. What are you doing for dinner? 
	Cheyenne: Not sure. Would you want to meet somewhere? I have questions about how to create a website.
	Mark: Sure. Where and what time?
	Cheyenne thought for a moment. She remembered seeing a Mexican restaurant on Main Street. She suggested meeting there at seven.
	“Well, good news,” Cheyenne said to Celeste, “I might have answers tonight about your website.”
	“Great!” Celeste grinned.
	“Well, I guess I had better get going. I will come by tomorrow, and we can talk more about marketing.”
	“Okay,” Celeste agreed with a smile. “Before you go, would you like to take home a couple of books? I can’t let you leave empty handed.”
	Cheyenne smiled. “I’ll borrow some and bring them back when I’m done. How’s that?”
	“Sure,” Celeste said.
	“Hey,” Cheyenne snapped her fingers and pointed to Celeste, “maybe that would be a good idea. Set up a monthly membership. Since there isn’t a library here in Beach City, I bet people would love to join. See, you charge a monthly fee. They can borrow maybe four or five books per month bring it back and then they can pick out new books to borrow.”
	Celeste’s eyes widened from excitement then shouted, “Oh, my gosh! That’s a great idea!”
	Cheyenne glanced around the shop and picked a couple of mystery novels then said, “I will see you tomorrow.”
	
	At six forty-five, Cheyenne stood in front of the Mexican restaurant on Main Street waiting for Mark. She was holding a small dark blue gift bag. He walked up seconds later in jeans and a black t-shirt. He placed his right hand over his heart. “I am honored. Cheyenne Gauthier has arrived early to meet a lowly computer whiz.”
	Cheyenne rolled her eyes. “Really? You’re giving me a hard time for being early now?”
	He grinned. “Old habits are hard to break.”
	She lightly punched him in the arm. He held the green windowed door open for her as she walked in. They walked up to the counter. Cheyenne studied the menu on a white board behind the register. While Mark ordered a veggie bean burrito with guacamole, cheese, rice, lettuce and tomato, Cheyenne ordered taquitos with rice and beans on the side. The cashier gave them two-plastic cups for their soda’s and a plastic number to place on their table while they waited for their order to arrive.
	“So where would you like to sit?” Mark asked after they went to the soda machine.
	“How about the patio?” Cheyenne suggested.
	He nodded in agreement then followed her out to the patio. On the patio, there was a little bit of sand on the ground. There was also red, green and white plastic flags hanging from the rafters. “It’s a beautiful day, don’t you think?”
	“Yes,” Mark nodded as he sat down across from her in one of the white plastic chairs. “So, what’s that?” Mark asked pointing to the bag she was carrying.
	“Oh, this… this is a peace offering. I know it doesn’t make up for the years we’ve been apart or for the awkwardness of yesterday but thought you would like it. I was supposed to give it to you last night, but you’re early arrival threw my brain off, and I completely forgot about it.”
	Mark shifted a bit in his seat. She handed him the bag. “Hmmm…” Mark sounded curious.
	He accepted the bag then slowly opened it, pulled out the blue tissue then smiled wide. “Alright! Sherlock Holmes! You remembered? Wow! Thanks Chey!” He put the box set on the table along with the gift bag then sprang to his feet to envelope her in a hug. He rocked her back and forth for a few seconds then kissed her on the cheek.
	Cheyenne felt her eyes water a bit, but she blinked the happy tears away. Her throat felt a sudden pressure but as soon as she sat down she took a sip of soda.
	After sitting back down Mark, looked through the set of books. “Hey, you wanna read one of the stories together like we used to?” Mark asked excitedly.
	Cheyenne grinned, “Sure, but only if I can do the voices.”
	Mark rolled his eyes but laughed, “Fine. Hopefully, you do a better job with the accents.”
	She laughed. “Hey, I’ve been all over the world. I can do a few accents now.”
	“Yeah, okay… we will see.”
	Their food arrived. As they ate, they decided to talk about movies and books they had seen and read. They made a deal to see the latest Kevin Hart movie guaranteed to make them laugh. Tonight was going much better than it had yesterday. Mark also gave her pointers about building a website. They brainstormed on domain names, and he provided her a list of sites to use to create a site. When they finished dinner, neither wanted the evening to end. They agreed to go back to Cheyenne’s place and start reading the Sherlock Holmes series together. They started with Volume One and read four chapters together. Alternating the chapters. “Well, I’m impressed,” Mark said with Cheyenne leaning her head on his chest while they were sitting on the couch. “You nailed the London accents.”
	“See,” she poked him in the chest. “I told you I could.”
	He grinned then kissed the top of her curly head. He caught the scent of her pomegranate shampoo and briefly closed his eyes. He was trying to memorize the scent in case she decided to leave him again. He felt that familiar aching tug in his heart. He said a tiny prayer that she would stay close to him always. He twisted one of her curls and watched it spring back into place when he let it go. He let out a sigh. “Well, I’d love to stay and read more chapters with you but I’ve got to get going.” 
	She sat up and stretched. “Ah man,” she whined. “What are you doing tomorrow?”
	He dropped his head in dramatic defeat. “I have to fly out to New York for a couple of meetings. I should be back on Friday night. Would you like to do something this weekend?” He asked hopefully.
	“Sure,” she said. “Do you think Reggie and Mags will want to do something with us?”
	He hesitated and scratched his head. “I can ask but you should know… they aren’t talking right now.”
	Cheyenne placed her elbows on her knees and cracked her knuckles. It was an old habit she tended to do when she started to feel anxious or nervous about something. “Can you tell me about them? What happened while I was away?”
	He shook his head then stood up. “Sorry Chey, but it isn’t my story to tell. I will ask them though if they’d like to go out this weekend.”
	“Do you know why Mags hasn’t returned any of my calls?”
	He looked surprised by her question then shook his head. “No, I… I didn’t know. I thought you too were hanging out constantly since you came back.”
	“No. We haven’t hung out since Sunday.”
	“Well, I know she has a full schedule at the hospital. But, I think she is off this weekend. She’s probably just busy.” He grabbed his keys off of the kitchen table then made his way to the door. “Be a grown up with manners and walk me to my car.” He walked back over to the couch where she was still sitting and held out his right hand.
	“Really? We have to be grown-ups?” She whined but accepted his hand and stood up. She followed him out to his car that was parked behind hers in the narrow driveway at the side of the house.
	He clicked a button on his key chain; the car chirped twice then he opened the driver’s door. Cheyenne gave him a parting hug. He kissed the top of her head. “Glad you’re back Chey. I hope you stay.” He admitted with a lump in his throat. “See you this weekend when I get back from New York.” 

CHAPTER FIVE

Cheyenne met with Celeste a few times at the bookstore. They were fully engulfed with creating a website. They were close to clicking the publish button to make the website available to the public, but they needed to agree on whether or not there would be a coffee machine. They also needed to plan out the days when the poetry nights would be as well as performance nights. “You do recall that this is my store, right?” Celeste asked crabbily.
	Cheyenne waved her hand dismissively. “Oh stop. You know you love my ideas. Just admit it.”
	“I love some of them but others I don’t want to do.”
	“But why?” Cheyenne whined. She leaned over the counter top resting on her elbows. 
	Just then a couple of customers approached to pay for their items.
	Cheyenne couldn’t help but notice there were approximately fifteen customers in the store. Whereas just a couple of days ago there weren’t any. She grinned proudly at herself.
	“You just might need to hire another cashier.”
	Celeste rolled her eyes as she continued to ring up her customers but couldn’t help but smile.

	On Friday night, she finally received a phone call from Maggie. “Mags!” Cheyenne shouted into the phone. “I’m sorry! Forgive me! Are you talking to me now?”
	She heard Maggie groan. “Always Chey. I always forgive your selfish butt. Listen, be ready in twenty. We are all going out. I’m driving.” She disconnected before Cheyenne could ask any questions.
	“Psst… whatever… just assume I don’t have a date,” Cheyenne said to no one. She smiled and glanced around her bedroom. She had been hoping Mark would call her. She only hoped that Mark was part of the “we” that Maggie was referring to. She wondered what she was supposed to wear. She decided to go with jeans and dressy white pirate looking shirt. Large silver hoop earrings and noisy silver bracelets. She had decided to straighten her hair with a flat iron earlier in the day which saved her lots of time. Twenty minutes didn’t give her much time to get ready. 
	Maggie pulled up in her green Beetle right on time. She yelled out the driver’s seat and honked her horn. “Let’s go Chey!”
	Cheyenne rushed out the house, locked the door then climbed into the car. “Talk about flashbacks to high school!” 
	Maggie giggled. Today she let her braids down. They were hanging over her right shoulder. As Maggie backed out of the driveway, she said, “You have to know I am an awesome friend. You have no idea what this night costs my pride.”
	“Well… tell me about it,” Cheyenne urged.
	“All I can say is Reggie is an idiot.”
	“Is this about sex?”
	“Psst… no!” Maggie denied.
	“Are you sure?”
	“It’s about commitment Chey. I don’t want to be friends with benefits anymore. I want and deserve the full package. So he’s not getting anything from me until he can.”
	“Well, good for you!” Cheyenne held her right hand up for a high five when they reached a stop sign. Maggie slapped Cheyenne’s hand with her right.
	“I will be here for you to make sure you don’t cave.”
	“Thank you,” Maggie said.
	“So where are we going?” Cheyenne asked. They had gone a couple of blocks and turned on a few streets. Cheyenne didn’t recognize the area. 
	“It’s karaoke night at Maverick’s Bar and Grill.”
	“Oh no!!” 
	“Oh, come on. It will be fun.” Maggie urged.
	“I will watch you guys. I’m not singing.”
	“We’ll see about that,” Maggie challenged.
	Maverick’s Bar and Grill looked like an enormous barn with rows and rows of tables. There were enormous barbeque grills outside with ribs, steak and chicken. There were kegs of beer along the right side of the barn. There was hay scattered on the concrete floor. “Wow, this looks like a fun place. When did this open up?”
	“About two years ago.”
	Cheyenne continued to glance around. She noticed a stage in the back of the barn with a disc jockey; large flat screen television and speakers mounted on the ceiling in every corner of the place. There were a couple more flat screen televisions along the walls. “You should see it when it’s the Super Bowl.” Maggie said.
	“Chey!” Cheyenne heard a deep familiar voice call to her. She turned to see a six foot three, milk chocolate, dark, gorgeous eyes- Morris Chestnut look-a-like with his arms stretched out waiting for a hug.
	“Reggie!” Cheyenne squealed with delight and jumped into his arms. She kissed him on the cheek. “It’s so good to see you!”
	He hugged her tight for a few seconds.
	“You can let her go now,” Mark said, behind them. Reggie laughed. “No, really… you can let her go. Now… Today.” 
	Reggie held Cheyenne a little longer out of spite.
	Cheyenne was grinning from ear to ear. She hopped up and down for a couple of seconds. “I’m so excited! Look at us… we’re all back together.”
	“Mmm… hmmm….” Maggie murmured, glaring at Reggie. 
	Mark wrapped an arm around Maggie’s neck, pulled her closer to him and kissed her on the cheek. “Good to see you again Chey.”
	“How was your flight? When did you get back?” She asked.
	“He just got back, stopped at his house really quick then came here to meet us,” Reggie said.
	“Really? You did? You must be tired! We could have waited til tomorrow,” Cheyenne said worriedly.
	“No, he couldn’t,” Reggie answered for Mark again.
	“You know, I can speak for myself Reggie,” Mark said, annoyed.
	“Yes, sir.” Reggie turned his attention to Maggie. “Happy to finally see you Mags. You can’t ignore me tonight.” He grinned wickedly.
	Maggie rolled her eyes. “Let’s go find a seat before it gets too crowded.” 
	The friends followed Maggie to a table close to the stage. They all took a seat. Reggie and Maggie sat across from Cheyenne and Mark. A waitress in jeans, a white t-shirt and cowboy boots approached them. “We’ll do the premium barbeque buffet and two pitchers of beer,” Maggie said for the group.
	“Okay, I’ll be right back with your pitchers. You can go on ahead and grab your plates and grub outside.”
	“You two go first, we will go when you guys get back,” Reggie said to Mark and Cheyenne.
	“No, I will go with Chey then you guys can go,” Maggie said as she stood up. “Come on Chey.”
	Cheyenne shrugged her shoulders, glanced at Mark then stood up. 
	“I don’t think she is going to give you any chances tonight bud,” Mark said to Reggie.
	Reggie smirked, “Something tells me you’re right.” He shook his head.
	“Just be patient, honest and follow your heart,” Mark said.
	“Yep, that’s about all I can do,” Reggie admitted softly.
	A few minutes later, the waitress returned with glasses and the pitchers of beer. Shortly after, Maggie and Cheyenne returned with plates full of food. Cheyenne had a dinner roll in her mouth as she sat down. “Everything smells so good. I want to try it all.” She had piled potato salad, corn on the cob, baked beans, ribs and chicken on her plate. 
	Mark stood up, “Let’s get some food Reggie before these two eat everything.”
	Reggie followed him.
	“So are you going to give Reggie the cold shoulder all night?” Cheyenne asked Maggie before biting into her corn on the cob.
	“Yep. That’s the plan.”
	Cheyenne groaned. “Just don’t start an argument tonight, okay?”
	“That’s why I’m ignoring him.”	
	Cheyenne raised her hands up, resigning. “Okay… okay… stick to the ignoring plan.”
	“Oh, save room for their chocolate thunder cake. It’s amazing! We can share a slice if you want.”
	“Oh, heck no… I want my own,” Cheyenne laughed. 

	Forty minutes later the disc jockey announced, “Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for karaoke! Who’s up first?”
	Someone from the front of the restaurant ran up to the stage. That was the beginning of lots of ear-splitting singing. Mark and Reggie decided to go up and flash back to Old School with a Kid n’ Play song. They even danced. Maggie tried hard not to laugh but soon was laughing loudly. Cheyenne snorted with laughter, which made Mark pause for a moment during his performance and glance at her with a smile. They got a standing ovation, and the crowd demanded they perform something else. “Do something from Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch!” Someone shouted. Along came Good Vibrations. 
	Finally, Maggie pressured Cheyenne into performing. They agreed on Girls Just Wanna Have Fun by Cyndi Lauper and Man, I Feel like a Woman by Shania Twain. Reggie and Mark laughed just as much as they did. 
	Later, as they were walking out to the parking lot Maggie asked Cheyenne, “Hey, would you like to go to the Science and Art Museum with me tomorrow?”
	“Yes, I’d love to go,” Reggie said from behind them.
	Maggie turned abruptly with a frown on her face. “You don’t even like the museum Reggie.”
	“Yes, I do.”
	“No, you don’t,” both Mark and Cheyenne said in unison.
	Maggie nodded in agreement. “See. Even they know.”
	“I want to spend time with you and my friends. I can meet you half way. See…” Reggie said through his teeth.
	“So what? I’m not included as your friend anymore Reggie?” Maggie asked. Her eyes were glossed over, and her jaw clenched.
	“No,” Reggie said evenly. “You aren’t. You are more.” 
	Maggie’s breathing became harder; her chest rose and fell exaggeratedly. 
	Cheyenne bit her lower lip then glanced at Mark with a look that asked him, what should we do?
	Mark only shrugged his shoulders; I don’t know.
	“Why don’t you take Chey home Mark? I’ll catch a ride with Mags,” Reggie said, confidently.
	“I… but…” Cheyenne looked at Maggie for help. 
	Maggie smirked but then nodded. 
	“Oh…” Cheyenne managed.
	“Let’s go Chey. We can read another chapter or two of Sherlock.”
	“Really? You guys are reading Sherlock Holmes again?” Reggie asked. “Man, you guys are dorks.”
	“Hey, Sherlock rocks!” Cheyenne yelled as Mark tugged her to his car.
	“Let’s go so the two-love birds can get their relationship together.”
	“Fine,” Cheyenne said.
	Mark opened the passenger side door, waited until Cheyenne was buckled up then closed the door. 
	“So where to?” Cheyenne asked. 
	“I guess my place since the books are there,” Mark said.
	“Okay,” Cheyenne nodded. 
	Ten minutes later they pulled up in front of a single-story home on a hill overlooking the beach. It took Cheyenne a moment, but she soon realized it was the exact spot where they used to run away to. Ten years ago, before she left for Europe, it had been an open field. They either pitched a tent there or sometimes brought lawn chairs and stared up at the stars. “You… you built a house on our runaway spot?” Cheyenne asked in disbelief.
	Mark remained seated in the driver’s seat and stared at the house. He finally nodded, “Yep, it’s our runaway spot.”
	There had been many times before her parent’s divorce that they would come here. She needed to get away from the arguing and animosity. There had been times when she wanted to stay here forever with Mark. 
	“But why? How?”
	“I always loved this lot. I always imagined what it would be like to build a house here. The lot came up for sale at just the time when I was beginning to look for a new place. I thought… hmm… why not buy the lot and build a house?”
	“But, you’re all alone.”
	He sighed. “Yep. But… I was going with the concept of the Field of Dreams movie… You know… Build it, and they will come.”
	“How… how long ago did you build a house?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Two years ago.”
	“So it wasn’t for the flaky fiancé?” She asked. She prayed he hadn’t intended to share their spot with someone else.
	“No,” Mark said simply but thought, it was for you.
	“Well…” Cheyenne said as she unbuckled herself, “Give me a tour.”
	Mark smiled. He wasn’t sure how Cheyenne would react. There was a chance she could have completely forgotten about their runaway spot, or she could have remembered and been absolutely furious that he ruined the lot by building a house.
	“It’s all energy efficient,” Mark explained. “Solar panels on the roof. Skylights in the living room. Dual pane windows.”
	“Wow, it looks like a glass house,” Cheyenne said, pointing to the wall-sized glass windows at the front of the house.
	“I guess you could say it is,” he confessed.
	“Do you have any privacy?” She asked.
	“Oh, yes, electronic shades and vertical blinds.” He nervously unlocked the front door and allowed her to enter the house first.
	The floors were hardwood; walls were white. There was a pewter fireplace in the living room, black leather couch, love seat and recliner. “Before you claim any furniture here… the recliner is mine,” Mark said seriously.
	Cheyenne grinned then challenged, “Only when I’m not around.”
	“Pstt…” Mark said. It was all he ever managed to say when Cheyenne challenged him. They both knew it would be Cheyenne’s spot if she wanted it.
	“So, follow me,” Mark said. They walked straight ahead, passing up the living room and into the kitchen. White cabinets and black granite counter tops. She turned to the left and saw a half wall separating the kitchen from the dining room. She peeked into the dining room. Black lacquer table and hutch. The hutch was empty. 
	“I plan to one day get China but just never got around to it. I honestly don’t have much company, so there isn’t any rush.”
	Cheyenne nodded.
	“Well, follow me and I can show you the rooms in the back.” 
	“How many rooms do you have?”
	“Three… well… four including the master bedroom.”
	“Baths?”
	“Two including the master bath.”
	Visions of two girls and a boy running around the house popped into Cheyenne’s mind. The boy would look just like Mark with curly hair and kissable cheeks. The girls would look like them both. His hair and her eyes. Cheyenne blinked. Where did that come from? Cheyenne cleared her throat and shook her head.
	Two of the rooms were empty while the room closer to the master bedroom held a bunch of gym equipment. “Oh, you spin?” Cheyenne asked excitedly.
	“Yes,” he nodded. “It can be a killer sometimes.”
	She nodded. “Do you use the treadmill too?”	
	“Mostly I use it when it rains or if I can’t sleep,” Mark admitted.
	“What about the weights?”
	“Yep. I think Reggie uses this room more than I do.”
	Cheyenne giggled, “I can see that.”
	He tugged her to show her the master bedroom. He opened the last door in the house to see a king sized bed with a black lacquer headboard. There was a navy blue down comforter. There were steps on the side of the bed. “Gees, Mark! You need a ladder to get to bed!”
	He grinned. 
	“Checkout the bathroom,” he urged. He pointed to the door to the right, beyond the bed. She opened the door to a white ceramic tiled bathroom, a Jacuzzi tub and a shower that look way too techy for her. 
	“The toilet seat warms up so when you get up in the middle of the night you won’t freeze your butt off,” Mark said excitedly.
	Cheyenne laughed. “Pierre had that,” she said.
	Mark’s excitement dwindled at the mention of the cheating soccer player’s name. 
	“Hmmm…” Cheyenne said in wonder.
	“What?” Mark asked with his arms crossed, leaning against the door jam.
	“That’s the first time I said his name and didn’t feel hurt or angry,” Cheyenne said. “It’s only been a week since I left him.”	
	Mark smiled. “Maybe you didn’t love him after all.”
	Cheyenne looked up into Mark’s eyes. She felt a stirring inside that she had most definitely never felt for Pierre. “I think you’re right.” 
	Mark uncrossed his arms. Cheyenne was staring at Mark’s lips as if in a trance.
	Mark cleared his throat then shook his head. “So, are you still up for Sherlock?”
	“Of course, let’s get to it.”
	Mark grabbed the first volume of the series from his dresser then led them back into the living room. Cheyenne sat on the far right side of the couch while Mark took it upon himself to stretch out on the couch, with his head resting in her lap.
	
CHAPTER SIX

Sunshine crept through the light weight curtains and onto Cheyenne’s sleeping face. She sighed heavily as an image of Mark kissing her deeply as he scooped her up into his arms entered her mind. His chest was firm and sexy. His jaw was chiseled to perfection. Her hands were in his hair. She always, always loved his curly hair and the way it fell across his forehead. She’d reach up often to move it out of his eyes. They kissed again. “Mmmmm….” Cheyenne groaned with a smile.
	She could hear Girls Just Wanna Have Fun in a faraway distance. The image of Mark began to fade away. She frowned as the ring tone on her phone became louder. She rubbed her eyes then sat up in her bed. “Mags!” She realized her cellphone had been ringing. She reached for it on the nightstand and disconnected it from the charger. She answered just in time, “Mags, what’s up?”
	She let out a yawn and felt a little out of sorts from the dream. 
	“Chey, I slept with him. I thought you were supposed to stop me!” Maggie said in a loud whisper.
	Cheyenne hit her forehead. “But Mags I gave you the look… the one that asked you… do you want me to stop you? And you gave me the look that said you were okay.”
	“You’re not supposed to go by what I say or what my looks says Chey!” Maggie whispered loudly in a panic.
	“Reggie seemed pretty sincere last night. Why wouldn’t you want to be with him?”
	“He’s always sincere when he wants booty.”
	Cheyenne laughed.
	“This is not funny,” Maggie said. “I need to get over him.”
	“No, you don’t,” Cheyenne heard Reggie say in the background.
	“Oh shi…!” Maggie said, obviously startled and dropped her cellphone. Then her voice was muffled and distant.
	“Mags?!” Cheyenne shouted into the phone.
	“Hi Chey,” Reggie said in his confident swagger tone. “Mags will be a little busy for the next few hours. But, tell you what… we will meet you and Mark at the Arts and Science Museum at one. Sound good?”
	“Treat her right Reggie! Don’t mess with her!” Cheyenne threatened into the phone.
	“Sound good?” Reggie repeated.
	“Yes, fine,” Cheyenne said. Part of her wanted to laugh, but the other part of her was worried about Maggie. She remained on her bed for a while, staring up at the ceiling. She recalled some of her dreams and began to blush. 
	She picked up her cellphone again and called Mark. When he answered, she said, “Be ready by noon. I’m picking you up to go to the museum.”

	The drive to West Coast Village Arts and Science Museum would take approximately forty-five minutes from Beach City. “So, Maggie says there are a few paintings here on display for a short period of time. Do you know which ones?” Cheyenne asked.
	“No, I just read that a few Van Gogh and Picasso pieces will be on display. I guess it’s a variety of different periods of art,” Mark answered. He appeared to be a little preoccupied.
	“Cool,” Cheyenne said. Since her dream this morning, making conversation with Mark seemed nearly impossible. Seeing him in a navy polo shirt didn’t help matters. His chest bulged out of the shirt with the perfect amount of chest hair peeking out of the tips of the collar. She craved to take his shirt off and run her fingers along his chest. She cleared her throat and swallowed.
	“I hope we go to the Science section first. I want to see the dinosaur exhibit.”
	“Me too,” Mark admitted.
	Reggie and Maggie were waiting for them in front of the museum holding hands. Both of them had goofy grins on their faces. “Do you think they finally came to an understanding?” Cheyenne asked Mark as they walked up the steps to meet them. 
	Mark reached for Cheyenne’s left hand and said, “I hope so.”
	Her skin felt tingly and charged from his touch. She smiled.
	The museum was peachy in color with fifteen steps leading up to its three stories. They needed to walk through metal detectors upon entry then immediately went to the ticket booth. Maggie insisted on paying everyone’s way to the dinosaur exhibit as well as the painting exhibit. She did a little dance as she held the tickets. Reggie smiled exposing his dimples from her excitement.
	“A couple of friend’s from work might join us,” Maggie said excitedly.
	“One of my client’s mentioned he’d be here too.”
	“Great,” Reggie said sarcastically, “turn a weekend venture into work.”
	“It just happened that way,” Mark said, crabbily. “I didn’t plan it. Besides, he only said he might be here but not definitely.”
	“Let me guess, computer service for the museum?” Reggie asked as they walked past the ticket booth and into the museum itself.
	“As a matter of fact, yes,” Mark said, proudly.
	“Guys, stop bickering. Let’s enjoy this. When was the last time you saw the dinosaur exhibit?” Cheyenne said excitedly.
	“Not since third grade. Mrs. McNichol wouldn’t let me touch anything,” Reggie said.
	“I know… she wouldn’t let us touch anything ever,” Cheyenne agreed, referring to their rigid elementary school teacher.
	The first thing they saw when they walked in was the enormous Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil in the center of the entryway. “Awesome!” Reggie said with genuine enthusiasm.
	Maggie shifted from side to side. “Oh, boy, guys… sorry. I need to run to the restroom really quick. I’m too excited and drank way too much coffee this morning.”
	“You needed it,” Reggie said smugly but with a grin.
	Mark rolled his eyes. 
	“I will go with you,” Cheyenne said, following Maggie to the ladies' room a few feet away. 
	Reggie stared up at the T. Rex in awe. His mouth was wide open with his head tilted all the way back. “How tall do you think he is? How big do you think his teeth are?” He asked Mark.
	“Not sure but I’m going to guess this one is about 13 feet tall… the teeth…” Mark tilted his head back and squinted his eyes to look at the enormous open mouth. “Ten inches maybe.”
	“Think so?” Reggie asked. 
	Mark nodded. 
	Reggie walked around staring up at the fossil. The ladies soon returned, and Cheyenne asked the same questions Reggie had. Reggie looked down and saw that the right foot of the T. Rex was only a few inches away from him. He glanced around. Only Cheyenne was near. “Hey Chey?” He called to her in a conspiratorial whisper.
	Her eyebrows raised, and she asked, “Huh?”
	“Want to touch it?”
	She grinned and did a little jump from excitement. “Yes!” She whispered loudly. 
	“I will if you will,” Reggie said.
	“I dare you to go first,” she challenged.
	Reggie nodded to accept the dare then checked to see if Maggie or Mark were around. He saw that they were on the opposite side of where he and Chey were. He reached over the red velvet rope and was just inches away from the right foot of the T. Rex when a red laser flashed, and an extremely loud alarm went off. A rather large security officer appeared out of nowhere with his right hand on a baton located in his belt. “Sir, I’m going to have to ask that you step away from the T. Rex, or you and your friends will need to vacate the premises.” 
	Cheyenne’s mouth dropped open. Her face turned red from embarrassment.
	Reggie’s normally full lips disappeared into his mouth as he straightened himself up. He rubbed his nose with his right thumb and walked away towards Mark and Maggie. Cheyenne followed with her eyes wide.
	“What did you two do?” Mark asked. His jaw clenched.
	Maggie had her hands on her hips.
	“We…. I… he…. We…” Cheyenne sputtered.
	“Nothing,” Reggie lied. “Um… just a misunderstanding.”
	“To cause the alarms and lasers to go off?” Maggie asked.
	“Yep,” Reggie said, simply.
	“Oh, come on…” Mark said crabbily. “They will never admit what they did. Never have, never will.”
	“I… we….” Cheyenne sputtered again.
	Maggie shook her head. “Let’s go check out the paintings.”
	They all followed Maggie down the tan and brown marble walkway to brown wooden doors. Maggie opened the door and held it open for all of them. When Reggie approached, he gestured for her to go ahead of him and held the door open for her. An usher accepted their tickets. There were rows and rows of paintings. Cheyenne did a quick glance and said to Mark, “Why are there so many naked people in the paintings?” She giggled.
	“Not much to do, so why not pose naked and paint naked?”
	They walked around from portrait to portrait. Reggie walked behind Cheyenne and whispered. “I dare you touch one.”
	“I always wanted to,” she whispered. “I mean how awesome would it be to actually touch the same thing Picasso, da Vinci or Van Gogh touched with their paint brushes?”
	“Yeah, I know… I double dare you,” Reggie said in another whisper.
	“Do you think it’s their actual work or do you think it’s just a copy?”
	“Does it matter?”
	“Yes! Why touch a copy? But if it’s the real thing… woe… you know?” She said conspiratorial.
	Maggie and Mark interrupted them. “What are you two up to now?” Mark asked.
	“Nothing,” Reggie and Cheyenne said in unison.
	Maggie and Mark exchanged knowing looks.
	Maggie urged them to keep walking. She wrapped her arm around Reggie protectively. Reggie turned to glance at Cheyenne. He raised his eyebrows indicating he still dared her.
	Mark stopped in front of one of Picasso’s paintings and wrapped his arm around Cheyenne’s waist. “What do you think of this one?” Mark asked.
	Cheyenne blinked then tilted her head. “I’m not sure. Why is one of her boobs way up there and the other one way down there?” She pointed at the painting. She noticed her finger was only a couple of inches from the canvas and no alarms or lasers went off. A thrill rushed through her veins. 
	“Well, I think…” before Mark could finish expressing his thought, Cheyenne had touched the original painting with the very tip of her index finger. Alarms blared and flashes red lasers flared. It seemed so much louder than they had at the T. Rex fossil. Her mouth dropped open again.
	The same security officer appeared behind them. “Mam, I am going to have to ask you and your friends to leave now. First, he touches the T. Rex and now you’re trying to touch a Picasso… you need to leave. Now.” 
	Maggie looked devastated. Mark was beyond angry. Reggie, on the other hand, was holding in laughter. Cheyenne held her head down as the security officer escorted the friends out of the museum. As they walked by the ticket booth, the security officer said, “Do not allow these four back in ever. They are officially banned from this facility.” 
	“But, you can’t do that!” Maggie exclaimed.
	The security officer smirked and said, “Yes, I can and I just did.” The officer stood at the entrance of the museum and watched as the four walked down the steps and into the parking lot.
	“How could you?” Maggie asked. 
	Mark shook his head.
	“You two have always been the clowns. Why couldn’t you pretend to be adults for a change and allow me to have a good time? You both are the most self-centered people I know! Do you realize that? I work my ass off at the hospital. Worked my ass off in college while working full-time. I don’t have a rich mommy and daddy the way you two do. I appreciate the finer things in life because I didn’t have them the way you guys did! I didn’t make millions from posing for magazines. I still have to work for a living. Although I may love what I do. I love nursing. I enjoy my moments of leisure like anyone else. I appreciate my family and friends unlike the two of you. I don’t know why I work so hard to please either of you! You were gone for ten years and expect everything to be peachy!” Maggie shouted pointing at Cheyenne. “And you!” She pointed at Reggie. “Why I love you I have no idea! I wish I could fall out of love with you but for whatever reason you are embedded in me!” She said, disgusted. Maggie’s eyes were small, and her eyebrows were squished together in a gigantic frown. Her fists were balled up. “I love coming to the museum. I come here almost every weekend alone and now… now I’m banned! I’m banned because of you two immature, self-centered, ridiculous so called human beings!”
	Maggie stomped off. “Really? I can’t believe this! Really?”
	“Um…” Cheyenne mumbled.
	“She’s right, you know?” Mark said to both Reggie and Cheyenne. He walked toward the direction of Maggie’s car.
	“Well, I guess we are in the dog house,” Reggie said.
	Cheyenne punched Reggie in the arm. “I’m never in the dog house. Why’d you double dare me?”
	“I didn’t think you would do it. I also didn’t think it would end up like this,” he said, sadly. “Sorry Chey.” He kissed her on the forehead then walked to his car.
	Cheyenne stood in the parking lot alone. She supposed she should walk to her car and take Mark home. She was just afraid to be alone with Mark. She didn’t think she could handle the disappointment and disapproval from him during the entire ride home. She saw him leaning against her rental car with his arms crossed. His head was down.
	She dug into her purse for the keys and pressed the unlock button on the key chain. “I’m sorry,” she said when they got into the car and buckled up. She started the car and backed out.
	“Why did you guys do it?”
	“We were horsing around. Dared each other. It was stupid. I’m sorry.”
	“I was lucky my clients weren’t there and Maggie was lucky her co-workers weren’t there.”
	Something inside Cheyenne snapped as she drove down the street to get onto the freeway and head back to Beach City. “Is that all you care about? Work?”
	Mark shook his head. “Oh… here we go. You’re famous for flipping things around and making the other person the bad guy.”
	“What?” Cheyenne asked astonished.
	He clenched his jaw. “You want to blame this on me or Maggie somehow. But this is all you and Reggie. You both caused all four of us to be banned. You need to fix this Cheyenne. The museum means a lot to Maggie. You don’t need to worry about the rest of us, but you need to fix it so Maggie can go back.”
	“How?” Cheyenne asked.
	“You have to figure it out on your own. I can’t rescue you anymore.”
	“What is that supposed to mean?” Cheyenne asked.
	“I’ve always been there for you Chey. I would give my life for you but somehow you missed that. Somehow you missed the fact that I was in love with you and still am. I am like Maggie in the sense that I don’t want to be in love with you because I wonder when you will want to leave again but next time… not come back. I barely survived the first time you left. I don’t think I could survive if you left again. But I can’t rescue you either. We are all adults. Yes, it’s okay to have fun sometimes but there are limits Chey. You have to put other people ahead of you sometimes. I can’t rescue you anymore.”
	“What?” Cheyenne asked. Pain was seeping into her soul. 
	They drove in silence the rest of the way home. She pulled up into his driveway, and he climbed out without a word.
	The words, “I can’t rescue you anymore” played over and over again in her head.

CHAPTER SEVEN

A little before noon the following day, Cheyenne went back to the museum. Her hair was in a sloppy pony tail. The same security officer from the previous day approached her just as she reached the ticket booth. “Mam, I am going to ask you to leave. You are no longer welcome here.”
	Cheyenne stood straighter and crossed her arms. “I am not going anywhere until I purchase a season pass for one of my best friends. She was here with me yesterday, but she shouldn’t have been blacklisted. Her name is Magdalene Reynolds. She had nothing to do with what the guy and I did.”
	He tilted his head to the left then nodded. “You’re talking about the lady with the braids, right?”
	“Yes.”
	He nodded, “I thought it strange she would be with you and Daffy. She comes here all the time.”
	“See…. You knew she would never do what Reggie and I did.”
	“Well,” he rubbed the back of his neck and thought about it. “Okay, go ahead and purchase her a season pass but you and your other friend are not allowed back.”
	“Thank you,” Cheyenne said as she made her way to the ticket booth. 
	“What about the other guy? Are you going to buy him a pass too?” The security officer asked behind her.
	She rolled her eyes, assumed he was referring to Mark. “No, he’s on my black list now,” Cheyenne clenched her teeth. Her eyes stung from the unshed tears. She refused to allow Mark’s harsh words affect her.
	“Hmmm… okay…” the security officer said. He shrugged his shoulders then walked away.
	Cheyenne had tried to call Maggie at least ten times, but it was obvious Maggie was avoiding her. She guessed Maggie was at church so planned to pick up a card, flowers and go to her condo. She glanced at the time on the rental car dashboard. It was a little after one. She decided just to go to Maggie’s place and see if maybe she would answer the door if she were home. When she didn’t answer, she left the flowers and card in front of her door. She had placed the season pass in the envelope of the card. She wrote, “I’m sooo sorry. I talked to the security officer. You aren’t banned. Here’s a season pass. I love you, and I’m soooooo sorry! Chey”
	When she was back in her car, she checked her cellphone to see if anyone called or texted her. No one had. With nowhere else to go she decided to go back home. She would most likely spend the day watching television and eating junk food. As she approached her father’s driveway, she noticed a white Escalade parked near his house. She frowned. None of the neighbors had an Escalade. She wondered if someone was visiting a neighbor. The car was blocking much of the front of her father’s house. It annoyed her. As she got out of her car, the driver’s side of the Escalade opened. 
	A slim, muscular tanned man of six feet three inches tall, wearing a green muscle shirt (that matched the shade of his eyes), white jeans and long brunette hair pulled back into a ponytail greeted her with his arms stretched out wide. 
	Her blood began to boil. “Pierre, what are you doing here?”
	“I came to bring you back,” he said in a French accent. “I miss you and need you Cheyenne.”
	Cheyenne crossed her arms and tapped her foot. “Why are you here?”
	“I told you,” he said with pleading eyes.
	“You never loved me or cared about me so tell me why you are here… now,” Cheyenne clenched her teeth. 
	He finally dropped his arms in defeat to his sides. “Fine… if you come back with me to France, we can have a reality show plus a movie deal… a couple million riding on this.”
	Cheyenne shook her head. “Is that the only reason you proposed to me Pierre? Because I was your ticket to movie deals?”
	“And a reality show,” he murmured.
	“You disgust me, do you know that? You’re a pompous, selfish, self-absorbed ass,” Cheyenne said. Her hair had fallen out of the pony tail from moving her head back and forth.
	“You are so beautiful,” he said. Her words had not phased him at all. “I do miss you.” His eyes glossed over. “I made a mistake. You can forgive me, can’t you?”
	“No!” Cheyenne shouted. “Go home Pierre.”
	“Come back with me,” he pleaded. 
	She turned away from him and started to walk to the front door of the house.
	“Go home. I don’t want you here. I’m done with modeling and the bull,” Cheyenne said. She began to unlock the door. 
	Just then she heard the familiar click. She turned to find a camera man in her face. “What did you do?” She screeched to Pierre.
	“It’s publicity for our show,” Pierre said.
	From inside the Escalade she noticed a film camera. Her eyes widened. “I can’t believe you! Have you been filming this whole time?” She exclaimed. 
	Pierre shrugged his shoulders. “It’s business.”
	“Go home! I never want to see you again. If any of this ends up on the news, web or anywhere, you will hear from my attorney. I never agreed to any of this.”
	He stood on the sidewalk with his hands on his hips. The cameramen were still taking pictures and filming. “Just think about it Chey. I will be here until Tuesday then I will fly back home. I’d like for you to be with me. If I don’t hear from you, I will leave, and you will never hear from me again.”
	She narrowed her eyes, “Leave… now.” 
	“Think about it,” he said one more time. He and the cameramen climbed back into the Escalade. She watched as they drove away. When she was inside her head began to throb. Her cellphone vibrated just then and saw that it was Maggie calling her. 
	“Mags, please forgive me… please….” Cheyenne pleaded in a high pitched voice.
	She heard a heavy sigh from Maggie. “Of course… don’t I always?”
	“It’s best friend law,” Cheyenne said.
	“Thank you for the flowers, card and the pass. I appreciate you clearing everything up with the museum,” Maggie said tiredly.
	“So what are you doing?” Cheyenne asked.
	“I just got back from church and lunch with Mark,” she explained.
	At the mention of Mark’s name, Cheyenne’s jaw clenched. “What about for the rest of the day?”
	“I think I am going to just stay in the rest of the day, watch television and eat junk food.” 
	“Mind if I join you? I can bring the junk food,” Cheyenne offered.
	There was a slight pause, another heavy sigh then Maggie said, “Sure, come on over. But, I’m not staying up late tonight. I have to work in the morning.”
	Since both Maggie and Cheyenne’s love life was in turmoil at the moment, they decided to watch drama and action/adventure shows. They painted their toes, talked and ate. “So you aren’t going back? You’re going to stay here permanently?”
	Cheyenne said, “I am never going back to Europe if I can help it. I don’t know if I’m staying here in Beach City, but I’m definitely planning to stay in California.”
	“So what you are you going to do?”
	“Well, it turns out I’m pretty good at marketing. I’d like to go back to school and pursue a business marketing degree.”
	Maggie high-fived her. “I’m so proud of you Chey. Go for it!”
	“Really? You think I can graduate?”
	“Absolutely,” Maggie said, supportively.
	“I just wish I wasn’t behind you guys, you know?” Cheyenne confessed.
	Maggie frowned, confused she asked, “What do you mean? You aren’t behind us?”
	“Educationally I am. You guys already went to college and graduated with your degrees. I haven’t even started.”
	“But you had a whole life experience. You’ve met powerful people. You have connections that none of us will ever have. You were offered to star in a reality show plus a lucrative movie deal… don’t even consider yourself behind. You… you have always been way ahead the rest of us Chey,” Maggie said.
	Cheyenne shook her head in disagreement. “No, apparently I’ve been a trouble maker for most of my life. Or at least for the time I’ve been with Mark.”
	“What? What are you talking about?” Maggie asked. She was sitting on her couch in a tank top and Sponge Bob pajama bottoms. Her feet were curled up beneath her.
	“Mark told me he can’t rescue me anymore. He said I was selfish and that he couldn’t rescue me… what was that about?”
	“Mark has a lot on his plate right now,” Maggie said defensively.
	“Well, so do I,” Cheyenne said. “I am just as stressed as everyone else. And, you said I didn’t have to work… but I did Mags! You both said some harsh, mean and cruel things to me yesterday. Neither of you know what I’ve gone through the past ten years. Modeling is not all glamorous. It’s work. It’s competitive, viscous and cruel.”
	“I’m sorry for the things I said but you understand I was mad… I was being blamed for something I didn’t do and punished for it…”
	Cheyenne lifted her hands up in resignation. “I understand. I still have the right to express that I was hurt by the words you and Mark expressed.”
	“Okay, fair enough,” Maggie said.
	They were quiet for a while. Then Maggie asked, “Did you hear everything that Mark said though?”
	“Of course, I did,” Cheyenne said.
	“Hmmm…. Are you sure?”
	“Yes, why?”
	“Well,” Maggie said, “at lunch today Mark kept dwelling on the fact that he finally professed his love for you, and you haven’t called him out on it.”
	“What?” Cheyenne asked in disbelief. She clutched one of Maggie’s fuzzy dark blue throw pillows. She squeezed it tight to her chest, hugging it.
	“Yep, at least that’s what he said… over and over again during lunch,” Maggie explained. She twirled one of her braids in with her right index finger. She reached for the package of Red Vine’s on the oak coffee table. She pulled out three of the licorice pieces and bit into one and chewed. 
	Cheyenne replayed Mark’s tangent over and over in her head. I would give my life for you but somehow you missed that. Somehow you missed the fact that I was in love with you and still am. I am like Maggie in the sense that I don’t want to be in love with you because I wonder when you will want to leave again but next time… not come back. I barely survived the first time you left. I don’t think I could survive if you left again. “Wait…”
	Maggie smiled as she chewed on more licorice. 
	“How did I miss that?” Cheyenne asked. Her eyes were wide and blinking rapidly.
	“Beats the heck out of me,” Maggie said.
	“So… he loves me?”
	“Always has, always will… just like I love Reggie,” Maggie said, bitterly.
	“But what was with the whole… I can’t rescue you anymore bit?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Didn’t we already have this discussion last week? The man has always rescued us in some sort of way.”
	“But, not me… not constantly anyway… he was always rescuing Reggie’s stupid butt.”
	Maggie laughed. “Most of the time, yes. But remember that time when we were watching Bugs Bunny cartoons, and you got up, went into the kitchen then disappeared into the bathroom for a while?”
	“Oh…” Cheyenne bit her bottom lip.
	“We all kept wondering what was taking you so long in the bathroom.”
	Cheyenne winced.
	Maggie continued, “What in the world made you stick the toothpick vertically between your top and bottom teeth?” Maggie laughed from the memory.
	“One of the cartoon characters did it, and I just wanted to try it out,” Cheyenne explained. “How was I supposed to know the toothpick would get stuck, and my jaw was going to remain permanently open?” 
	Maggie laughed harder. “Well, who thought of using scissors to cut the toothpick in half?”
	“Mark,” she mumbled.
	Maggie snapped her fingers as she recalled something else. “What about the time when you were about to stick a hairpin in a light socket?”
	“Okay, Maggie!” Cheyenne shouted. “I have idiotic tendencies especially when I’m bored and Mark always either rescued me or stopped me. Fine! I admit it!”
	Maggie laughed again. “Are you sure… because I think, I can come up with more examples especially with Reggie involved.”
	“Why do I get worse around Reggie?” Cheyenne giggled.
	“You two have always been trouble alone but together it’s a disaster bound to happen,” Maggie said simply.
	“So what? Do you think I’m the one who needs to reach out to Mark? Don’t you think he should reach out to me first?” Cheyenne asked hugging her knees.
	“No, I think you need to apologize to him. I don’t think you need to buy him a season pass the way you did for me though. I don’t think he goes to the museum much. The next time he wants to go the security office will probably have forgotten all about him or not even work there anymore.”
	Cheyenne smirked. She shook her head. “He was mean though Mags. He said mean things to me.”
	“Really? Was Mark mean to you? Really?? Highly doubtful. If anything he was just his complete honest self and you just couldn’t handle the truth.”	
	“Pstt…” Cheyenne said.
	“Think about it Chey. Really think about it. The man professed his love for you. He’s loved you forever, and you never did anything about it. Now you’re back, and it seems like you are here to stay, but you still aren’t doing anything about it. The man is hurting,” Maggie explained.
	“Oh…. I….” Cheyenne was speechless. 
	“You need to call him and apologize for getting him kicked out of the museum. That’s a good way to start,” Maggie suggested.
	“Fine,” Cheyenne moaned.


CHAPTER EIGHT

It was Tuesday and Mark still had not heard from Cheyenne. She hadn’t text him, emailed or called. He wondered if he made a mistake professing his true feelings to her. Maybe it was too soon. She had only been back for less than a week, and he used the L word already. He smacked his forehead for what must have been the thousandth time. Whenever he replayed the scene in the parking lot at the museum, he smacked his head. He had some pride and dignity; he would not be the one to reach out to her first. In the past, he was always the one fixing anything that was broken or rushing in to prevent some fiasco or disaster. But now that his heart and pride was on the line, he refused. This was something Cheyenne needed to figure out on her own.
	His assistant returned to work and announced that what she thought was the stomach flu turned out to be morning sickness. He groaned at the thought of not having his assistant for twelve weeks while she was out on maternity leave once she gave birth.
	He thought of what Cheyenne would look like carrying his child. He felt that familiar stir in the pit of his stomach whenever he thought of Cheyenne. She’d be more beautiful when she carried his babies. He felt it in his soul that she would be the mother of his children in the near future. He always knew. It was just getting her there that was the problem. 

	Cheyenne and Celeste had launched the bookstore’s website. There was a constant flow of customers coming in and out of the store. Cheyenne agreed to help Celeste out as a salesclerk until she found a new cashier. Cheyenne also volunteered to be the reader of the children’s pajama story time on Friday nights. Cheyenne had tried to get Celeste to rent out a popcorn machine for Friday nights, but Celeste would not budge. She didn’t want popcorn kernels and grease stains all over the store. To Cheyenne’s delight Celeste did finally agree to the coffee section. 
	Cheyenne had just finished ringing up a customer when Pierre walked in with his camera crew. Celeste’s eyes nearly bulged out of her sockets. “What are you doing here Pierre?” Cheyenne asked annoyed.
	“You make it hard to track you down,” Pierre said glancing around the store. “I am flying back tonight and wanted to try one more time to talk you into coming back with me,” he shrugged his shoulders as he explained.
	“No.”
	“Fine, will you at least have an early dinner with me? I want us to part on good terms. Not the way we did in France,” Pierre said sincerely. “I do love you Chey. I’m just not marriage type. I am sorry I hurt you. Please have dinner with me tonight. No strings. My treat.”
	Cheyenne felt some of the walls she built around her crumble a bit. He was sincere. She knew she hadn’t loved him enough to marry him either so… why not? She licked her lips. “No cameras?”
	He glanced at the crew then said to them. “No cameras.”
	“Okay,” she said simply. She surprised herself and him.
	“Burgers and Fries okay with you?”
	She smiled. “Yes. What time?”
	“Five-thirty?” Pierre asked. 		
	“Okay.”
	A boy who must have been ten or eleven years old approached Pierre. “Can I have your autograph?” The boy sounded so excited. His mother was standing a few feet away from him.
	The woman whispered to Cheyenne, “Are you Cheyenne Gauthier?”
	Cheyenne bit her lower lip, took a deep breath then said, “Yep, that’s me.”
	The lady gasped then asked, “Can I have your autograph?”
	Suddenly there was a line formed with customers asking for autographs from both Pierre and Cheyenne.
	Celeste had even asked which surprised Cheyenne since she hadn’t asked the entire time since she started helping out with the bookstore. “I can’t help it. I’m just as star struck as everyone else.”
	“I’m just me, Celeste.”
	“Yeah, but… still… you’re Cheyenne Gauthier for crying out loud!”
	Cheyenne sighed but signed a coffee napkin for her.
	Pictures were taken, and Cheyenne was pretty sure the camera crew was filming the entire ordeal. Soon a local news van pulled up in front of the bookstore. “Really Pierre? A news van?”
	He shrugged his shoulders. “I didn’t do that. Someone else must have tipped them off.”
	Celeste jumped up and down excitedly. “My store is going to be on the local news! Can you believe it?”
	So much for returning home unnoticed, Cheyenne thought.

	A little after five thirty Pierre and Cheyenne went to a burger stand along the pier and ordered burgers, fries and chocolate shakes. They sat at a picnic table and stared out at the Pacific Ocean as they ate. They made small talk and ended the evening with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Cheyenne had insisted on driving separately as a precaution in case Pierre thought he could convince her to go back to France or something. They were both civilized, and she had to admit, she had a nice time. She felt a sense of closure by having one last simple dinner with him. Throughout the dinner, she was certain she heard clicks and saw flashes. They were rarely ever alone. She would not miss the paparazzi.
	
	Cheyenne took a shower then climbed into bed wearing an oversized Sylvester the Cat t-shirt and holding a romance novel in her hands. Her cellphone vibrated just as she placed her head on her pillow. “Hi Mags,” she said casually with a smile.
	“You are all over the news today, what in the world happened?” 
	“Pierre showed up with his camera crew at the bookstore, then suddenly a news van appeared. It was complete chaos and ridiculous but at least its free publicity for the bookstore,” Cheyenne said with a yawn, attempting to look at the bright side.
	“From the looks of it, the gossip mill is trying to say you two are reunited and planning your wedding.”
	“Ugh! No!” Cheyenne shouted.
	“Yep,” Maggie said. “Mark is going to be crushed.”
	“No…”
	“Call him Chey. Now,” Maggie said firmly.
	“Right on it,” Cheyenne groaned. “Talk to you tomorrow.”

	Mark sat on his couch in nothing but his black boxer shorts staring at the screen. He normally didn’t watch entertainment news but as he was flicking through the channels, a glimpse of Cheyenne and a tall athlete caught his eye. He raised the volume and suddenly felt his hopes and dreams go up in flames. “The on and off again relationship between supermodel Cheyenne Gauthier and French soccer star Pierre is back on again. The couple has resumed planning their wedding. According to insiders, the couple have agreed to a reality show taking place in Paris this upcoming fall. They also plan to begin filming for a movie in a couple of months…”
	Mark frowned. His heart rate seemed to slow. He felt his eyes burn, and his throat felt as if it were closing. He could barely breathe. 
	On the screen, Pierre kissed Cheyenne and had his arms wrapped around her as if she belonged to him. Rage and burning jealousy spread throughout his body. He jumped from the couch and slammed the remote against the television screen. The screen broke, glass splattered to the floor, there was a pop and smoke swirled into the air. “Damn it!” Mark shouted. “Why? Why would she go back to him? Damn it!” He paced the hardwood floor with his bare feet. Hands on his waist. He bit his right fist hard, something he did when he was a kid. Ironically, it seemed whenever he did bite his fist, Cheyenne was somehow involved with the anxiety induced habit. His cellphone rang. He saw that it was Reggie. 
	“Dude, don’t turn on the television,” Reggie said calmly.
	“Too late. Damn it!” Mark shouted again.
	“I am coming to pick you up. I’m taking you out.”
	“Damn it!” Mark shouted yet again. He had no other words. He balled up his fist again. He disconnected the call with Reggie and continued to pace the floor. He was still pacing the floor when five minutes later there was a knock on his door. He opened it to find Reggie urging him to get dressed. “Get dressed. I’m taking you to a club.”
	In a haze, Mark got dressed. He saw that Cheyenne tried to call him while he was getting dressed, but he was not ready to talk to her. There was nothing she could say to make it okay for her to leave him again. He had been so confident and so sure that she felt the same as he did even after all these years. Sure, it was only a little over a week since she had returned home, but they knew each other. They could just be together, right? Why did it have to be complicated? But no, she wanted the glitz, glamour, flash and fame. She had said she didn’t, but her actions told him she did. 
	He felt another stab in his heart. He shook his head. Well, he wasn’t going to chase after her anymore. Never again. He was going to take Reggie’s approach to life for a while and just party. Mark had always done the “right” thing. Mark was always the dependable rock out of the group. Well, Mark was going to cut the imaginary rope that had been around his neck that belonged to Cheyenne and be free.
	An hour later, Reggie and Mark were sitting at the bar at a club. It was dark, and several women had approached them asking if they wanted to dance. They both said no. There were a few women who offered to buy them drinks as well as asked if they would treat them to drinks. They both said no. They both were drinking and moping. Cheyenne had called his cellphone ten times now, but he refused to answer it. He just wasn’t ready to talk to her.
	“Man, you have to talk to her. You have to find out why she went back with him,” Reggie said.
	Mark took a sip of his whiskey and shook his head, “Nope, not tonight. I just don’t want to know right now.” 
	“Mark?” A familiar voice said then he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned to find one of his new clients standing with a drink in her hand. She was the owner of several restaurant chains who agreed to use his computer software and services. It was a substantial and significant contract. He could not ignore her. “Hi Wendy,” he tried to put on a sober, happy face.
	“Would you like to dance?” the petite redhead asked. She was wearing a provocative little red dress and black stilettos. 
	Reggie shook his head in an effort to stop his friend from doing something he’d regret later. Mark chose to ignore Reggie and instead accepted Wendy’s hand and led her to the dance floor. They danced to a popular hip hop song and continued to dance throughout the night. At one thirty in the morning, Wendy gave Mark a hug. “Thank you so much for dancing with me all night Mark. You made my last night here in Southern Cali memorable. I’d love to have dinner with you the next time I’m out.”	
	“My pleasure,” Mark said. 
	Reggie was watching him from the bar where he had remained the entire night. “Glad you didn’t leave with her,” Reggie said.
	“Of course not,” Mark said. “Although I should.” 
	“No, you shouldn’t,” Reggie answered.
	“Let’s get out of here.”
	“You okay to drive? I’m assuming you danced all the alcohol out of you.”
	“Yes, I’m fine. I’m glad Wendy showed up because I’m sure neither one of us would be in any shape to drive right now.”
	“You got that right,” Reggie said. 
	“Let’s take the day off. Neither one of us will be in any shape to work.” 
	Reggie high-fived Mark as they walked out of the club. Reggie tossed Mark the keys to his car.

	“Maggie, he won’t answer any of my calls. How am I supposed to explain to him that the news is full of lies? How am I supposed to tell him what happened?”
	“Go to him,” Maggie said, “if he won’t pick up his phone then go to his office. He practically lives there. If he won’t see you there, go to his house.”
	“So I’m supposed to chase him down?” Cheyenne asked bitterly.
	“Yes!” Maggie shouted.
	“But….”
	“No, but’s Chey! This is Mark we are talking about! He’s worth your pride. He’s worth more than that. You can’t imagine what he must be feeling right now Chey. You have to go after him. You have to beg him to listen to you.”
	“I could strangle Pierre! It’s all his fault!” Cheyenne shouted. Her hands were balled into fists.
	“Yes, it’s all Pierre’s fault but he isn’t the one who needs to fix this. You have to fix it.”
	“Ugh!” Cheyenne shouted. She knew Maggie was right, but it didn’t make any of it easier. 

CHAPTER NINE

Cheyenne had done what Maggie suggested. She went to Mark’s office, but his assistant informed her that he and Reggie weren’t going to be in for the rest of the day. She went to Mark’s house, but he wasn’t there either. She tried to call him and even Reggie, but neither of them answered their phones. She ended up going to the bookstore to see if Celeste needed any help, which of course, she did. She was grateful for the opportunity to help out at the store. At least her mind was occupied and helped her stop worrying and thinking about Mark so much.
	A little after noon a young man entered the bookstore looking for Cheyenne. She was sitting on the floor in the back of the store sorting through boxes of books they had received from locals who donated their used books. “Miss Gauthier?”
	Cheyenne turned to see a man around her age in black dress slacks and a red polo shirt. He was probably a couple of inches shorter than she was. She stood up and dusted her hands off. “Hi, that’s me.”
	He tilted his head up to look into her eyes. He outstretched his right arm and offered to shake her hand. “Hi, I’m Paul from Paul’s Italian Pizzeria down the street.”
	“Oh, hi, how are you?” She asked with a smile and accepted his hand for a friendly shake.
	“I’m not the Paul, but Paul Jr. My dad owns the restaurant,” he explained.
	“Okay,” she nodded, not sure what the restaurant had to do with her.
	“We need your help,” he said. His eyebrows were squished together from obvious worry.
	“I’m sorry? I… why…”
	Paul held up his hands as a gesture to allow him to explain, “We have lost a lot of business. I noticed how much the bookstores business picked up. I had talked to Celeste last night, and she told me it was all your doing. She said you helped her with marketing, re-organizing and ultimately saved her store.”
	Cheyenne placed a hand over her heart and blushed. “She said that?” She felt a surge of pride.
	“Yes, she did. So I was wondering if you could come by the restaurant tonight and see if there is anything you think we should do to increase our business.” 
	“I… I’m not a professional… I was just helping Celeste because I honestly needed something to do… I use to… I…” Cheyenne stuttered.
	“Miss Gauthier, I know you are not a professional but obviously you have marketing skills, and you have the imagination and…”
	“Please, call me Cheyenne,” she interrupted.
	“Cheyenne…. Please… just come by and if anything pops out or you have any suggestions… great but if you don’t have any… no worries. I just feel like I have to try to do something,” Paul explained.
	Cheyenne thought about it for a moment. She chewed on her lower lip then finally said, “Okay, I will stop by tonight around eight. After the bookstore closes. Would that work for you?”
	He grinned. Perfect white teeth and double dimples exposed. His smile went well with his dark brown eyes with thick lashes. He reached for her before she could stop him then embraced her into a firm hug. He even kissed her on the cheek. Cheyenne blushed. “Thank you, thank you so much. My whole family appreciates this!” 
	“Uh boy…” Cheyenne said to herself as he rushed out of the bookstore. She said a small prayer that she would be able to help Paul’s restaurant the way she had helped Celeste’s bookstore.

	When eight o’clock rolled around Celeste agreed to go with Cheyenne to the Pizzeria. The first thing Cheyenne noticed was the red and white checkered tablecloths covering the small round tables. She thought it was cute but when glancing around the rest of the restaurant it appeared cluttered. There were walls and walls of trinkets… no real theme just a bunch of stuff on shelves and blocking tables. It was obvious it hadn’t been decided whether or not the restaurant was going to be a family place, friend hangout place or a romantic dining experience. It seemed as though if they wanted all three then they could have sections of the restaurant for each theme otherwise they needed to pick one theme and unify the whole restaurant on that theme. 
	Paul saw them enter the restaurant almost immediately then rushed to greet them. He escorted them to a table near the kitchen. He shook both of their hands, “So glad you both are here. Thanks again for coming.” He handed each of them a menu then said, “Dinner is on the house. Anything on the menu including dessert.”
	“Oh, wow!” Celeste said. “Thanks.”
	Cheyenne also said, “Thank you.”
	“So take a look at the menu and I’ll be back to take your orders. Would you like anything to drink in the meantime? A glass of wine, beer, soda?”
	“Wine,” Celeste and Cheyenne said in unison.
	“Do you have a preference?”
	“Merlot?” Cheyenne asked Celeste. 
	Celeste nodded in agreement.
	“Okay, I will be back shortly.”
	Cheyenne glanced at the menu. Their prices were cheap, and they had a wide variety on their menu. There were several pastas, sauces and pizzas to choose from. The dessert menu was elaborate as well. When Paul returned with the wine, Cheyenne asked, “So do you have a website?”
	Paul shook his head to say no as he uncorked the bottle of wine.
	“What about Twitter? Facebook? A blog?” she asked.
	He shook his head to say no again. Then he began to pour each of them wine.
	He placed the bottle on the table. “So, I see you already have some ideas,” he said with an encouraging smile.
	Cheyenne nodded slowly. She heard a crash in the kitchen then a woman yelling in Italian at someone.
	Paul put his hands on his hips and dropped his head from shame. “That is my cousin. She manages the kitchen.”
	“Does she always yell at the other employees?”
	“Every day.”
	She and Celeste raised their eyebrows. 
	There was another crash and then came more yelling.
	“She is just stressed out. She’s worried we will have to close our doors.”
	“But the rest of the people in the restaurant don’t need to know there is a problem in the kitchen. She’s probably scaring your customers away.”
	“Point taken,” Paul nodded in agreement. He clapped his hands together, changing the subject. “Have you decided what you would like to order?”
	“The lasagna please… then the cheesecake,” Celeste said with a smile.
	“Okay,” Paul said then turned his attention to Cheyenne.
	“I’d like the single thin crust chicken garlic pizza and… then the cheesecake also,” Cheyenne said with a grin.
	Paul nodded then disappeared into the kitchen. Celeste and Cheyenne began talking about the plans for the bookstores first-poetry reading and performance night which was to take place in only two days. As they were talking, Cheyenne couldn’t help hearing a woman giggling as she said, “Oh… Mark, you are so funny. I’m so glad I decided to stay a couple more days.”
	Cheyenne felt the blood drain from her face. She turned to see where the voice was coming from. A redhead was sitting in a booth with her hand on a man’s hand. She could only see a glimpse of the man’s hand and not the rest of his body, but she was most certain the hand belonged to her Mark. She turned completely around in the chair and leaned far over to the right of her chair. Yes, it was Mark. “Excuse me,” Cheyenne said to Celeste. “I need to talk to someone for a minute. I will be right back.”
	“Oh, sure… it’s okay… I’ll be here,” Celeste said, waving her hand.
	Cheyenne pulled the hair clip out of her hair and let her curls fall across her shoulders. She smoothed out her white tank top and sucked in her stomach. She was wearing her favorite pair of blue jeans and white flip flops. As she approached Mark’s table, she cleared her throat excessively loud. 
	Mark turned his head. The smile he wore for Wendy had disappeared into a frown at the sight of Cheyenne. “I’m surprised you are still in town,” Mark said. His voice was full of bitterness. 
	She clenched her teeth then balled her hands into fists. She wanted to hit him. “If you bothered to answer any of my calls, texts or messages you would have found out that the news was full of lies. I wanted to talk to you privately but since I don’t know when I will ever speak to you again, I’d like to set the record straight now.”
	Mark took a deep breath, blinked his eyes a couple of times then stared into her soul.
	She crossed her arms and explained calmly. “Pierre wanted us to get back together only for a reality show and movie. I told him no. He managed to weasel his camera crew and a news van to tape what they wanted and made up lies. I have every intention of staying here in California for the rest of my life.”
	Mark’s frown disappeared but now he only wore an unreadable expression.
	“I have also been trying to call you to apologize for my behavior at the museum last week. You and Maggie were right. I was selfish and childish. Maggie has forgiven me, and I have straightened it all out with the museum so she can return. I also bought her a season pass. So… again. I’m sorry for the museum fiasco.”
	Mark blinked, his mouth was slightly open, but no words had come out.
	Cheyenne glanced at Wendy who appeared to be in awe.
	“Are you Cheyenne Gauthier? The supermodel?” 
	“Yes, I use to be… now I’m just good ole’ Chey.” She answered then looked at Mark with hurt in her eyes. “Some people seemed to have forgotten who I am. Sorry to intrude on your dinner,” she said to Wendy. “I am here with a friend to talk about business. Enjoy your dinner.” Cheyenne turned and walked back to her table to rejoin Celeste.
	“Who was that?” Celeste asked her in a whisper.
	“He was once one of my best friends. We grew up together, but I don’t know if we are going to be friends anymore.”
	“Well, he hasn’t taken his eyes off of you since you turned around,” Celeste said, still staring at Mark. “He’s hot!”
	Cheyenne managed a smile despite the hurt she felt. How could Mark believe she’d get back together with Pierre after the way he treated her. Did he really think she was that shallow? Did he really forget who she truly was?
	A few minutes later, Paul returned with their orders. He left them alone for a while as they ate but then returned and pulled up a chair and sat next to Celeste and Cheyenne. He had a notepad and pen. “So, talk to me Cheyenne. What are your ideas?”
	She let go of the fact that Mark was sitting only a few feet away from her with some stranger with red hair and breasts the size of cantaloupes. Instead, she began to express her ideas for the restaurant. Paul attentively listened and took notes. An hour and a half later Cheyenne agreed to help build the restaurant’s website and create their social media pages and accounts. He agreed to pay her for her services. She was surprised when he agreed to pay the amount she came up with. She knew an interior designer who could help with remodeling the restaurant.
	“Do you have a business card Cheyenne?” Paul asked.
	“I… no… I’m not a professional…”
	“Oh… Chey, you know you were born to do this,” Celeste said placing a hand on her arm. “You are so creative. You should get some business cards made up. You will probably be booked with marketing consulting jobs in no time.”
	“Really? I thought about going back to school…”
	“Oh, definitely,” Celeste said.
	“Thank you,” Cheyenne said. “That means a lot to me.”
	“You’re welcome,” Celeste said.
	A few minutes later they stood to leave the restaurant and called it a night. Cheyenne did her best to ignore the prickly heat in the back of her neck caused by an awareness of Mark’s intense stare. She refused to turn back to look at him. Instead, she straightened her shoulders and walked out of the restaurant. 

	When Cheyenne was walking up the doorstep to her father’s house, she heard a shuffling noise behind a plant near the door. It was dark even with the porch light on so she couldn’t see what it was. Then she heard a tiny, “Meow.” Her heart melted a little. She dropped down to her knees and put her hand out towards the blackness where the noise was coming from. She heard another, “Meow.” 
	Cheyenne smiled then said softly, ‘”Come here kitty, kitty. I can’t see you, but I know your there…. Don’t be afraid. Come here.”
	She finally saw a tiny white paw and gray leg touch her hand. 
	“Come on… there you are….” Cheyenne continued to coax the kitten. After a few long seconds, the kitten completely revealed itself from behind the brown clay planter. He was mostly gray with white on his chest, belly and paws.
	“Hello there little fella… are you going to let me hold you?” She asked softly.
	“Meow.”
	She lifted the kitten into her arms and almost immediately the kitten began to purr. “Well, you are purring awfully loud for such a little guy. Would you like to stay with me tonight?”
	He cuddled into her arm as if to tell her yes. “And my life as a crazy cat lady begins,” she said with a smile. 

CHAPTER TEN

The kitten slept with Cheyenne on her bed the entire night. She woke with the kitten curled in a ball, snuggled between her right shoulder and cheek. She reached up and pet the little guy. The kitten stirred, stretched and let out a yawn. He began to purr the more Cheyenne pet him. “You are too cute,” she grinned. “Hmm… what should I name you? Hmmm… it will come to me as we spend more time together. I need to find out if anyone is looking for you and then we need to go to the vet. You are a little skinny.” He seemed to agree with her. He rolled over on his back and let her scratch his belly.
	She called Maggie and left a message about the kitten. She searched the internet using her phone to find the closest vet, and then called to make an appointment for one o’clock.
	She had just got out of the shower when she heard a knock on her door. She quickly put a robe on and combed her wet hair then rushed down the stairs. She glanced through the peek hole to see Mark standing on her door steps. Her heart rate increased. Her nerves rattled. She closed her eyes and counted to five then opened the door. The kitten was at her feet.
	“Hi,” he said. 
God, he’s gorgeous. Cheyenne thought. Mark’s hair was falling over his eyes, and he used his right hand to push the mass back. His eyes were dark, and his lips appeared extra kissable today. Why do I have to be attracted to him when I am so mad at him?

God, she’s beautiful! Mark thought. She was standing in the doorstep in her fluffy white robe, and her hair was dripping wet. Her hazel eyes looked bigger than usual and when she glanced at his lips he wanted to reach for her and kiss her senseless. He felt something rub against his feet. A fluffy but skinny gray kitten with white paws was circling his feet.
“What in the world?” He smiled, bent down then picked up the kitten.
“He showed up last night when I came back from the restaurant. I need to ask around the neighborhood and see if anyone is looking for him. I’m going to post some flyers up in a few minutes. Want to join me?” The words spilled out of her before she could stop the invitation. Her plan was to have him take the next step, but her need for him superseded her stubborn pride.
He was still smiling as he cradled the kitten and pet his head behind his ears. “For such a little guy you purr really loud,” he chuckled.
“That’s what I told him last night,” Cheyenne said. “Come in, have a seat. I will get dressed. We can make a few posters then take him with us while we hang them up.
“So what are you going to do if no one claims him?” Mark asked. He followed her inside then took a seat on the couch.
“Keep him. Honestly, I hope no one claims him. I feel like he’s already mine,” she said hopefully.
“Are you taking him to the vet?” He asked.
“Yes, at one,” she said. “I’ll be right back.” She went upstairs before he could respond. He watched her jog up the steps two at a time and admired her rear end. Round, nice and perky. The perfect size for his hands. He continued to pet and cuddle the kitten while he waited for her to return. A few minutes later, Cheyenne returned in sweat cut-off shorts and a pink tank top. She wore the same white flip flops from yesterday.
	She grabbed a stack of plain printer paper and black markers. She handed Mark a marker. They created approximately twenty flyers which included her cell phone number. She grabbed a roll of masking tape and her keys. They began their adventure of hanging up the flyers around the neighborhood while holding the kitten. “So you have a day off again or what?” Cheyenne asked.
	“I decided to work from home the rest of the week,” Mark said.
	“But… you’re not home now… and you aren’t working.”
	“Because I can’t concentrate.”
	Cheyenne tried to hide her smile. They were walking to another corner to place another flyer on a stoplight pole.
	“And why is that?”
	“My bestest friend in the whole wide world is mad at me. How can I possibly get anything done?” He asked her.
	“Try to answer her calls, responding to her texts and messages… Try accepting her sincere apology and move on.” She said with her head tilted to the side, left hand on her hip and holding the kitty in her right.
	“Well,” he said, reaching for her to embrace her in a strong hug. “I am sorry too. I should have known you wouldn’t go back to France with that moron.”
	Cheyenne grinned. “Thank you.” She felt the imaginary weight lift off her shoulders. “Now, let me go because I think we are crushing the kitty.”
	“We have to come up with a name for him,” Mark said. He reached for the kitten. “My turn to hold him.”
	“Meow.”
	He smiled. “I always wanted a cat.” He scratched the top of the kitten’s head.
	“Me too,” she said.
	Mark’s cellphone buzzed just as they hung up the last flyer. He glanced at the phone and groan. “I have to take this.”
	“Okay, let’s walk back to my dad’s place,” she said.
	He answered his cell phone and was obviously talking about work. By the time, they reached her dad’s house he had taken two other calls and had to make another one. When she unlocked the door and entered the house, he announced sadly, “Ugh… I’ve got to go into the office. I’m sorry. I wanted to spend the day with you and go with you to the vet.”
	She was surprised he wanted to spend any time with her but nodded. “It’s okay. Maybe tonight we can hang out.”
	“Okay, I’ll call you later.” He kissed her on the forehead. His phone buzzed again. 
	She locked the door behind him. She wondered if he would ever kiss her anywhere other than the cheek or forehead.
	“I have an idea,” she said to the kitten. “Let’s go to the pet store. We’ll get you a bed, some toys and some food. How does that sound?” 
	“Meow.”

	One o’clock arrived quickly. Cheyenne and the kitten were sitting in the waiting area when a woman rushed in with a macaw parrot and a frown. The bird squawked and said, “Here kitty, kitty… here kitty, kitty.”
	Cheyenne laughed.
	The woman holding the bird rolled her eyes as she walked up to the receptionist desk. “Hi, I’m the one who called a little while ago.”
	“Oh… the macaw who needs a home.”
	“Yes.”
	“Well, as I said before we don’t usually keep birds here. Did you try taking him to the pet store? They usually rescue.”
	“Oh, I didn’t think of that.” The woman looked dazed.
	Cheyenne looked at the bird. He had a red belly, blue back and blue wings, yellowish green on his face. He was beautiful. The bird was looking at Cheyenne and the kitten. “Here kitty, kitty,” he said again. The bird tilted his head with obvious interest.
	Cheyenne laughed. Cheyenne held her left index finger out while holding the kitten with her right hand. The bird jumped from the woman’s shoulder onto Cheyenne’s finger.
	“Hey, George, get back here.”
	The bird shuffled a bit back and forth on Cheyenne’s finger and said, “Hello…”
	Cheyenne laughed. “I’ll take him.”
	The woman’s eyes widened from shock and delight. “Seriously?”
	Cheyenne nodded her head. As she did so, George nodded his head too.
	“Looks like I have a new family all in less than twenty-four hours,” Cheyenne grinned.
	“Meow.”
	“Are you sure about this? George may look cute, but he’s a handful. He requires a lot of attention.” She began to use her fingers to tally off his downfalls. “He knows how to open his cage. He wakes up at five or six in the morning. He talks non-stop and knows how to open doors. He will eat anything he can fit into his beak.”
	Cheyenne grinned. “Sounds like we are made for each other. I’m a trouble maker too.”
	The woman clapped her hands and let out a “Woo Hoo!” Then she explained, “Thank you so much! My husband’s cousin passed away unexpectedly, and no one knew what to do with George.”
	“How old is he?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Only a couple years old… you know they have a life expectancy of twenty or more years, right? So once you take him home. He’s yours… pretty much forever.”
	Cheyenne grinned. “I think we will be just fine. Do you have a cage and food?”
	“Yes, I can drop it off at your house in about an hour. Honestly the cage is useless since he knows how to get in and out of it. Just give me your address.”
	“Meow.” The kitten extended its paw to the bird. 
	George said again, “Hello kitty, kitty.”
	The nurse called Cheyenne in for the kittens check-up. “Do you mind if I take George with me while I get the kitten checked. I can have them check George too.” Cheyenne asked the woman. The woman glanced at the receptionist to make sure it was okay as well. 
	The receptionist nodded then the woman said, “Sure. You can give me your address when you come out.” The woman took a seat in the waiting room bench.
	Both the parrot and the kitten were in good health. The kitten needed booster shots and needed to be fed a little extra to bulk up to a healthier weight. She gave the woman her address and agreed to meet at her dad’s house in an hour. George sat on the kitten’s carrier during the drive back home. “George, I need to come up with a name for the kitty. Maybe you can help me.”
	“Harry,” the bird squawked. 
	“Harry? Do you want me to name the kitten Harry?” she asked.
	“Harry,” George said again.
	“Meow…” 
	She later found out that Harry was the name of the parrot’s former owner. But the kitten seemed to like the name. She didn’t know if her dad would approve of the six-foot tall cage and branches scattered about in his home but figured she will have found a place of her own before he returned from Italy and would never know.
	Around six that evening there was a knock on her door. George squawked and announced, “Someone’s at the door. Answer the door….” Cheyenne laughed.
	“Okay, George. I know…” she said. The kitten followed her to the door and waited patiently for her to answer. George hopped to the ground then ran to the door beside the kitten. 
	She saw that it was Mark and grinned as she opened the door.
	“Hello…” George said.
	Mark had a glazed looked in his eyes at the sight of Cheyenne. But when he heard George he was utterly confused. He looked down to see the kitten and the bird by his feet.
	“What in the world…”
	Cheyenne giggled. “Mark meet George and you already met Harry.”
	“Ah, so you named our kitten Harry.”
	Our? Cheyenne questioned to herself. She shrugged her shoulders. “George picked the name out and Harry seemed to like the name so… why not?”
	Mark bent down and held his right index finger out. George hopped on and said, “Hello.”
	“Well, he’s friendly.”
	“Yes, he’s also nosy, noisy and talkative. I’m beginning to realize he’s a bit opinionated too.” Cheyenne grinned.
	She realized she’d been doing that a lot today. A lot of grinning. 
	“Do you like the shirt you’re wearing?” She asked Mark seriously.
	“Yes, very much.”
	“Then don’t let him on your shoulder. He will eat the collar and poop.”
	“Thanks for the warning,” Mark said. “You know… I always wanted a parrot.”
	“Me too,” she said. “I’ll have to see if Celeste has a book on Parrots and Kittens tomorrow.”
	They ordered pizza and talked until close to midnight. When Mark was about to leave he said, “You know, I’m almost afraid to leave.”
	“Why?” Cheyenne asked utterly confused. They were standing by the door as Mark was walking out.
	“I’m afraid what new pet you might have the next time I see you,” he joked.
	“Ha… ha…” Cheyenne said sarcastically but with a smile. “Have a good night Mark.”
	“Good night,” George said.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

The following Saturday Reggie called Cheyenne on her cellphone. She was spraying George with water when he called. The bird was puffing up his feathers with each spray of water and doing his version of a happy dance. “Hey Reggie,” Cheyenne said into the phone, still squirting the bird.
	“Thanks a lot Chey,” Reggie said with obvious sarcasm.
	“For what?” she asked, confused.
	“For beating me to the punch with Mags. I went back to the museum yesterday and talked to the security guard. He told me you already bought her season tickets to the museum.”
	“Well, you should have thought of it a lot sooner,” she ridiculed.
	“Hey… you know I’m the slow one out of all of us,” he joked.
	“So let me guess, you still haven’t apologized because of your macho ego.”
	“No, I haven’t apologized because I don’t know how. It’s all I seem to do with Maggie. We fight about everything, we makeup; then we get into another fight; we breakup… then we makeup… it’s a ridiculous cycle. I’d like for us to get together and stay together.”
	“So, why don’t you?” Cheyenne asked. She stopped spraying George, but George was determined to continue with the spraying session and fluffed his feathers excessively and spreading his wings, almost striking her in the face. He was perched on the highest and thickest branch in the house. “Brat,” Cheyenne said to George. She gave into his demand and continued to spray him.
	“Hey, I know I can be selfish at times but I’m not a brat,” Reggie whined.
	“Oh, not you, the bird.”
	“What bird?”
	“Long story for another day,” Cheyenne said. “So how are you going to apologize this time?”
	“Well, I was thinking of showing up to her house this morning and taking her to breakfast. Then we could talk.”
	“I know,” Cheyenne said excitedly as a thought came to her, “Mags loves the theater. Why not stop at the Civic Art Center and buy season passes for two? You can promise to take her to every play.”
	“Ah man,” Reggie groaned.
	“She would love it,” Cheyenne said. “It would show that you are willing to do things she likes to do. It would show her that you are meeting her half way.”
	He let out a heavy sigh but said, “Fine. I’ll do it. This is all your fault, you know that, right?” 
	“I think we are equally to blame. Neither one of us ever passes up a good dare,” she laughed.
	“Think we will ever grow up?” he asked.
	“I hope not,” Cheyenne said. “Being an adult is totally overrated. Good luck with Mags. Call me later.”
	“Yep,” he said, then disconnected.

	A few hours later, Cheyenne was playing with Harry. She had bought a remote control mouse and was giggling as Harry was running around all over the house chasing after it. Surprisingly, George was afraid of the mouse and locked himself willingly in his cage. Harry had just started slipping and sliding across the floor for the umpteenth time when her cellphone rang. This time it was Maggie. “Get dressed in your best warfare gear. We are going paintballing! Mark is picking you up in about thirty minutes. See you there.” Click.
	“Ah man,” Cheyenne said. Why did her friends assume she had no plans? Why did they think just because they called she’d jump to do whatever they wanted? Probably because they knew her too well even after all these years apart. She looked down at herself. She was wearing fluffy slippers because Harry loved to chase after them. She was in sweats and an old t-shirt because George pooped all over her, so why wear anything nice? Thirty minutes. Paintballing. She assumed jeans, good dirty running shoes and old long sleeve shirt would be best. Why bother doing anything with the hair except pull it back in a messy ponytail? There definitely was no need for makeup.
	She secured George’s cage as best she could, and cleaned out Harry’s litter box. When Mark rang the bell, she threatened both Harry and George, “Okay guys, I’m leaving  you alone for the first time. Behave. Got it?”
	“Got it,” George said. 
Cheyenne shook her head and rolled her eyes. “Why do I have a feeling you are saying that sarcastically? And do you really know what I’m saying?”
She opened the door to find Mark as handsome as ever wearing dark sunglasses, jeans, old running shoes and a tattered long sleeve shirt. “Ready to get your butt kicked?” He asked with a grin. She loved those dimples.
“I think not,” she said. She grabbed for her purse and keys. 
“Be good!” Cheyenne called out to Harry and George one last time before walking out the door with Mark.

The paintball field was in the mountains just behind Beach City. There were wooden forts scattered about the property. There were also ropes, nets, enormous boulders, and climbing walls. At the rental office they each rented tactical vest, goggles, gloves, jetpack gun along with lots and lots of ammo. Reggie and Cheyenne jumped up and down excitedly. Mark and Maggie started to look a little hesitant. 
“I don’t know,” Maggie said, “maybe this was a bad idea.”
“Yeah, I’m with you Mags,” Mark said. “Maybe we should go.”
“What??” Both Cheyenne and Reggie said in unison. 
“Ha, ha… Sike!” Mags said and started to jump up and down too. “Mark and I are going to kick your butts.”
“Wait… what?” Reggie asked surprised. “Why are you two on the same team?”
“Because you two got us thrown out of the museum… now it’s payback,” Mark explained then high-fived Maggie.
“All right, now it’s time to get you all broken up into two teams. Line up please,” a man in paintball gear and an employee name tag announced. 
There were approximately sixteen other paintballers whom the friends didn’t know.  They were near the first fort, separated into groups of either yellow or green arm bands. “Okay, the folks on my right will have yellow bands, the folks to the left will have green arm bands. You will see the fort with yellow and the fort with green. Report to your fort immediately. Choose your leaders. You have one hour to capture the red flag at the top of that hill. The group that gets the flag and places it on their fort, wins.” 
Reggie glanced suspiciously at both Mark and Maggie. As he was placing the yellow armband on his right arm, he asked Cheyenne in a whisper, “Do you think they pre-planned this?”
Cheyenne put her yellow arm band on. “Of course they did. Didn’t you see a sign on the gate when we first got in? It’s recommended to reserve a spot at least a week in advance. They probably called the same day of the whole museum fiasco. Psttt… we are in so much trouble.” Cheyenne bit her lower lip.
	“Why? Do you think they’ve been practicing?”
	“Psst… probably… the cheaters,” Cheyenne said.
	“Well, it’s only one thing for us to do,” Reggie challenged.
	“Kick their butts!” Cheyenne said in a loud whisper.
	“Bring it,” Maggie said from the other side. 
	Mark and Maggie trekked off with the green arm band team.
	When each team was in their respective forts, a few seconds later a horn blew announcing the battle to begin. Reggie told Cheyenne to remember to duck and roll if needed to avoid getting hit. Then he jumped off the fort. The battle officially began, and paintball shots were fired. 
	Fifty minutes later, Cheyenne had finally found the one target she needed to bring down. Mark. He was crouched down beside one of the enormous boulders and was using his cellphone as a walkee talkee. Her mouth dropped open as she heard him ask Maggie, “Have you seen the target?”
	“No, sir,” Maggie said.
	“Should we try their fort again?
	“Drop your weapon… you cheater,” Cheyenne said.
	Mark’s eye’s widened from dismay. He dropped his phone instead and began to shoot at Cheyenne but kept missing her. She was screaming. “How could you!” She began to fire at him but didn’t miss him once.
	He let out a high pitched squeal, dropped his weapon then knelt on his knees with his hands in the air. “Okay, okay….” He yelled. “I surrender. You got me… Okay…” He was breathing heavily.
	Cheyenne approached him nodding a little too confidently. She hadn’t realized he quickly reached for his paintball gun and aimed it at her. She gasped. “You wouldn’t dare.”
	“Ha… ha….” He grinned. “I’ve got nothing to lose.” He wickedly fired at her vest.
	She was splattered with green paint.
	She stood there in disbelief for a few short moments. “I can’t believe you!” She launched for him. They both began to roll down a small dirt hill wrestling each other and laughing.
	When they finally stopped rolling, Mark was sitting on top of her. They were staring into each other’s eyes, and he said, “You should know by now. Never dare me unless you’re truly ready for me to accept the dare.”
	“Because you always accept the dare,” Cheyenne finished for him. 
	He glanced at her lips. He was holding her arms above her head. “You know,” Mark said softly, “You’re awfully sexy right now.”
	Cheyenne blushed. “You too,” she said in a low, breathless whisper. 
	Mark licked his lips. He leaned closer to her. Just then, the obnoxious horn blew to alert the hour was up. 
	“Green team has captured the flag!” The announcement was made over the loud field speakers.
	“Ha, ha… my team won,” Mark bragged. He quickly kissed her on the forehead then climbed off of her. He held his right hand out to help her up.
	“I can’t believe you and Maggie cheated.”
	“We didn’t cheat,” Mark argued.
	“You two were using your cellphones as walkee talkee’s for crying out loud.”
	“Hey, they said no cell phones… they didn’t say no using them as walkee talkees.”
	Mark and Cheyenne continued to argue as they trudged up the hill to meet up with Reggie and Maggie. 
	As it turned out, Maggie was the only person on the entire group of twenty players who was not splattered with paint. Reggie however was soaked. Cheyenne laughed.
	“What are you laughing at?” Reggie asked Cheyenne, “You look like Oscar from Sesame Street. All green and wild crazy hair.”
	They all laughed.
	“What now?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Well, I’d like a little time alone with Mags, if you both don’t mind,” Reggie said. He looked at Maggie with a twinkle in his eye then reached for her waist; he pulled her into his arms and kissed her.
	“Oh, get a room!” Cheyenne said with a laugh.
	“How about we go home Chey,” Mark said. “I mean, how about I take you home. We can decide what we will do.”
	“Okay,” Cheyenne agreed. She thought for a moment then offered, “I have everything I need to make spaghetti for dinner. How does that sound?” 
	“Hmmm… that sounds like a plan.” 
	They returned to the rental store and returned all of the paintball gear. “Those paintballs hurt, don’t they?” Chey asked.
	“Yes!” Mark said as he limped back to the car. He went to the trunk and pulled out a couple of beach towels. “For us to sit on the drive home.” He tossed one to Cheyenne.
	
	For a moment, Cheyenne almost forgot she had pets. She unlocked the door to her dad’s house and stepped inside. She saw that the bird cage door was wide open and empty. She also noticed that Harry’s kitty bed was empty. “Uh oh,” she mumbled.
	“Where’s George and Harry?” Mark asked with concern. 
	“I dunno,” Cheyenne said. Then she noticed cotton stuffing on the floor behind the couch. There was tons of stuffing leading to the kitchen. The trail led to the round chrome trash can. She heard a squawk from on top of the refrigerator and saw George looking down at her guiltily. “Uh oh,” George said, “George in trouble. Uh oh… George in trouble.”
	Mark’s mouth dropped open. He looked on the kitchen counter top and saw what he assumed was once a package of chocolate chip cookies ripped to shreds and no cookies left. There were crumbs and paper all over the counter top. “I can’t believe you did this George!” Cheyenne yelled.
	The bird squawked.
	“Where’s Harry?” Mark asked, concerned. 
	Just then they heard a muffled, “Meow.”
	“What? Where?” 
	They heard the “Meow” again. 
	Cheyenne gasped, “It’s coming from the trash can!”
	Mark got to the trash can first. He pressed his foot on the button to raise the lid. Staring up at him in a pile of trash was Harry. “Ohh… Harry…. What have you two been up to?” Cheyenne asked as Mark pulled the little guy out of the trash. 
	“Harry did it,” George squawked.
	Cheyenne turned to look up at the bird. Her hands were on her hips. “That’s it George! You are on a timeout.”
	George jumped off the refrigerator to the countertop next to the stove, then to the floor. He quickly began walking out of the kitchen and tried to reach one of the big branches in the living room. 
	“Don’t you dare run away from me,” Cheyenne said. She quickly scooped the bird up, holding him with both hands, carefully restricting his wings. “You are on a timeout.”
	George tried to bite Cheyenne’s fingers, but the way her hands were positioned he didn’t have a chance. The bird squawked a few times. 
	“I’m glad I have a lock, from now on, I’m locking you in when I leave.”
	George squawked again.
	Cheyenne ignored his bratty behavior and placed him in his cage and locked it. “Ten minutes at least or until I’m not mad anymore. I can’t believe you George!” 
	Mark stood behind her holding the kitten. He managed to remove all the trash from the kitten’s fur. “Do you really think a time out will work on George?”
	“I hope so,” Cheyenne admitted. “I read a few articles online. Some say it works, others say it just makes the bird never want to go in their cage, but it’s obvious he doesn’t want to go in his cage anyway… well… except for when he was afraid of the remote control mouse but… well… we’ll see what happens.”
	The bird hung to the edge of the cage and turned himself upside down.
	“Is that the equivalent of a toddler holding their breath or something?” Mark chuckled.
	Cheyenne shook her head, “I have no idea.” 
	“Help me clean this up? Please.” Cheyenne begged as she stared at the stuffing still on the floor and recalled the images of the cookie crumbs on the countertop and trash scattered on the floor.
	“Of course,” Mark said.

CHAPTER TWELVE

On Tuesday, Cheyenne met with Paul Jr. and her interior decorator friend at the restaurant to discuss the plans for the remodel. Paul admitted that his father was not happy about financing a remodel he didn’t want and didn’t think anything needed to change in the first place. But, when Cheyenne recommended raising the prices a bit for the dishes they served, he was thrilled and surprised. After several hours of bickering, a decision was made to have a section of the restaurant family oriented then a section for romantic dining. There would be a wall built to split the two. The family section would be bright and fun while the romantic section will have dimmed lighting and candles. 
	After the interior decorator packed up and left, Paul Jr. invited Cheyenne to stay for dinner. Cheyenne politely declined. “Well, if you ever would like to go out to a movie or anything, give me a call.”
	She nodded with a smile, “Thanks. Maybe I will,” she said. As she was about to leave to go home a tall, leggy blonde with full lips and blue eyes entered the restaurant and made direct eye contact with her.
	“Tabitha?” Cheyenne asked, shocked to see her former modeling buddy.
	“Cheyenne!” Tabitha exclaimed. “Small world! What in the world are you doing here?”
	“I live here in Beach City now. What are you doing here?” Cheyenne asked.
	“I’m on vacation before I head back to France. So what made you move here? The beach and surfers?” Tabitha asked with a twinkle in her eye.
	“No, this is where I was raised. It’s home,” Cheyenne said, relaxed.
	“You look great! You look so much more relaxed and happy compared to the last time I saw you.”
	Cheyenne tried to recall the last time she saw Tabitha, and then she remembered. She had been rushing out of her agent’s office building immediately after discovering Pierre mounting her agent. 
	“Yes, I am definitely more relaxed and happier than the last time you saw me,” Cheyenne said with a genuine smile.
	Tabitha glanced down at her designer three inch heel sandals and then looked back up to Cheyenne with a guilty expression on her face. “Okay, I can’t lie to you.” Tabitha let out a heavy sigh. “I knew you were here in Beach City. Everyone knows you’re here. But, I have something to ask you and if you tell me not to do it, I won’t. You mean a lot to me, and I don’t ever want to hurt you. This is why I’m here…”
	Uh boy, Cheyenne thought, please don’t tell me she slept with Pierre too. She said a tiny prayer. Tabitha was one of the few models she trusted.
	“I was asked to move in with Pierre as part of the new reality show he was supposed to have with you.” She raised her hands up innocently. “I’ve never slept with him. We barely even talked, but the plan is that we would air a few episodes of us just starting to date and then eventually moving in together.”
	Cheyenne shook her head. “Tabitha don’t fall for Pierre. He is not a commitment kind of guy. He wants to play for the rest of his life. Don’t get tangled up with him.”
	“I know he’s a playboy. The producers have all warned me as well. But, I could use the exposure and the cash. I mean I was never as big as you and was never given the insane contracts you had,” Tabitha said. “As I said before though, I will not do it if you don’t want me to do it.”
	“Why did you fly all the way out here to talk to me? You could have just called me.”
	“Well, I wanted to ask you face to face. I needed to see you and not just hear your voice or on a computer screen. It just means a lot, you know?”
	Cheyenne opened her arms to her friend and hugged her. “Be careful Tabitha. Pierre can be very charming and fun but protect your heart and your body. Don’t get too caught up in all the glitz and glamour.”
	“Oh, I know,” Tabitha said. She kissed Cheyenne on the cheek leaving traces of her peach lipstick on Cheyenne’s right cheek.
	“Well, I was just about to sit down and eat. Care to join me?” Tabitha asked. “I’m only here for a day. I fly back to France tomorrow.”
	Cheyenne thought about it for a moment then decided to join her. Why not? She could see Paul Jr. watching from the corner of her eye.

	Cheyenne was nervous about entering the house after being away for so long. She had used a lock on George’s cage but wasn’t sure it would keep the devious bird inside the cage. She had left Harry’s bed out where he could easily climb into it along with a few toys he could play with while she was away. As she turned the key and entered the house, she held her breath and closed her eyes. She counted to three then opened her eyes. She was surprised to see everything in the house as it was before she left for the day.
	“Hello,” George said. He was walking back and forth on a branch in his cage.
	She glanced at Harry’s bed and saw him stretching and yawning. She smiled. “Well, hello George… hello Harry.”
	“Hello,” George said again.
	“Well, haven’t you two been good today. Thank you for behaving.”
	“George good,” George squawked.
	Cheyenne giggled and unlocked his cage. The bird immediately climbed out, hopped down to the ground and walked over to Harry. 

	Mark was on his way out of the office when his cellphone rang. He glanced at the caller ID and saw that it was his client Wendy. “Hi Wendy, how are you?”
	“I’m fine. I will be out tomorrow and thought maybe you’d like to go out again?”
	Mark didn’t want Wendy to get the wrong idea about their business partnership and risk confusing it with an actual relationship. “Is there something you need to discuss regarding our contract and business arrangement?”
	“Oh,” Wendy seemed to be surprised, “no, I’m visiting California for other reasons and thought since I was in town, and we had so much fun the last time I was out, we could meet for dinner and drinks. What do you say?
	He wondered how he would feel if Cheyenne went out for dinner and drinks with someone who was supposed to be a business partner. The reality was though that Cheyenne and he had not become anything more than the friends they have always been. Yes, he wanted more but he had done all he could for her to see what he wanted, what he craved. Or at least he thought he did.
	“Wendy, I will be happy to meet you for dinner. The drinks aren’t a good idea. I have to be honest with you. I am interested in someone else… very much so. So please don’t misconstrue or business partnership and newfound friendship as anything more than that.”
	“Oh,” Wendy said, obviously caught off guard. “No worries Mark. I am not looking for anything more than a dinner companion. If you don’t mind, I will still have drinks. You don’t have to though, of course.”
	“Okay, sounds good. Where would you like to meet?”
	“How about the pizzeria again? They were so delicious.”
	“Sure, seven o’clock sound good to you?”
	“See you then.” Then she disconnected.
	Cheyenne had mentioned that she was assisting with the new marketing strategy for Paul’s Pizzeria. He wondered if she would be there tomorrow. Thinking about her, he decided to call her. She picked up on the third ring.
	“Hey Mark, what’s up?”
	Just the sound of her voice made his heart rate increase and yearning to see her, hold her in his arms and never let go. Didn’t she know how he felt? She was supposed to know. 
	“Mark? Are you there? Are you okay?” Cheyenne asked, panic evident in her voice.
	He cleared his throat. “What do you say we have a Sherlock Holmes night? We haven’t read chapters in a while, and I’m having withdrawals,” he said. If she had been paying attention, she would have noticed how his voice cracked a bit. The reality was; he was having withdrawals from Cheyenne. He craved to see her every day.
	She laughed. “You bring a book and I’ll order the Chinese food.”
	He grinned. “See you in a few.”
	
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Celeste hired two new salesclerks to assist with the bookstore, so Cheyenne wasn’t needed as much. She would still show up to the bookstore almost every day just to spend time with Celeste. Someone from a local flower shop had called Cheyenne asking for help with marketing her flower shop. Then a sports apparel store had called her as well. When Cheyenne arrived at the bookstore on Wednesday morning, Celeste handed Cheyenne a little box wrapped in pink wrapping and a big white bow. 
	“What’s this?” Cheyenne asked. She put her iced coffee down on the desk. They were sitting in Celeste’s office in the back of the bookstore.
	Celeste grinned. “It’s a thank you. Now open it.”
	Cheyenne eagerly unwrapped the box and lifted the top. “Business cards?”	
	“Since you haven’t bothered to order any, I took it upon myself to order some for you,” Celeste said. 
	There were butterflies in the background on the pastel green card and in the middle inscribed in black ink was: Cheyenne Gauthier- Marketing Consultant. It also said: website designer, social media expert and marketing strategist. Her phone number and email address were also included. 
	Cheyenne’s mouth dropped open. 
	“You have two new clients plus Paul. You’re in demand. The cards will help spread the word.”
	Cheyenne’s eyes watered. “You know… I had relied so much on my body image and all of the hoopla of modeling for so long… this…” Cheyenne wiped a tear from her eye. “I love doing this. I mean; it makes me feel good about myself. People listen to my ideas, and we see the results. Thank you so much Celeste… thank you for believing in me,” her voice cracked.
	Celeste reached out for her and embraced her in a hug.
	“I guess we helped each other out in a sense… but I truly believe you helped me out more.”
	Cheyenne shook her head in disagreement. She cleared her throat then changed the subject a bit. “I know you are probably tired of Italian but would you mind going with me tonight to the restaurant? I have to check how the remodeling is going and make sure it’s not interfering with the running of the restaurant.”
	“So they decided to stay open during the remodel?”
	Cheyenne rolled her eyes. “Paul Sr. insisted. He’s so stubborn. I think the remodel would go a lot more smoothly and quickly if they shut down but now they have to remodel section by section. It seems they would lose customers by staying open but… we shall see.” 
	“Well, to answer your question… yes, of course I’ll go with you. I will never get tired of eating at Paul’s restaurant. Besides, there’s too much eye candy there.”
	Cheyenne laughed.
	“Have you seen Paul Jr’s butt and don’t get me started on his arms…” Celeste placed her right hand over her heart. “Don’t get me started on his cousin the crabby chef. Then his other cousin the waiter… the butts and arms must run in the family. I just wanna bite them.”
	Cheyenne laughed. “I never realized how hormonal you are,” Cheyenne joked.
	Celeste waved her hand dismissively. “Oh, you are just immune because you’ve got Mark on your brain. You can’t see all the fresh meat right in front of you.”
	Cheyenne blushed and shook her head in denial. “I do not have Mark on the brain!” 
	“Liar… so full of it,” Celeste said, shaking her head. She took a sip of the iced coffee Cheyenne had bought for her. “I don’t see how reading Sherlock Holmes is going to make you two advance to more than friends unless you put the book down then jump on top of him.”
	“Celeste!” Cheyenne shouted, blushing more.
	“Look, if you don’t think you have strong feelings for Mark, then why don’t you go out with Paul or one of his cousins? I mean, if you go on a date then at least you can figure out if you have serious feelings for Mark. If you feel attracted to another guy then at least you know, you can move on… but if you don’t feel anything for any other guy… then it’s time to make your move on Mark.”
	Cheyenne played with her straw and iced coffee for a little while then said, “I’ll think about it.”
	“Okay,” Celeste said. “So what time are we going to Paul’s restaurant tonight?”
	“Six thirty?”
	“Okay,” Celeste agreed.

	“Should we charge more for the desserts?” Paul Sr. asked. He had black chef pants, white t-shirt and a white apron on. He was also wearing a chef’s hat. He was holding a wire whisk in his left hand while his right hand was resting on his hips. Paul Sr. may have been four inches shorter than Cheyenne, but his personality made him appear to be twenty feet tall. He had a loud, deep raspy voice. When he was angry or annoyed, he’d sputter off Italian and Cheyenne was pretty sure they were curse words. 
	She sighed and said, “No. I think you have the desserts priced competitively. I checked with other restaurants with similar desserts in the area. You are charging only a few cents lower, but it will catch attention.” They were standing in the doorway of the kitchen.
	He surprisingly only nodded in agreement. “Sometimes, people will come in only for desserts. That’s fine.” Paul Sr. examined Cheyenne from the top of her head down to her toes. “You need to gain some weight.” He said out of the blue.
	“What? Excuse me?” She asked in disbelief.
	He raised his hands up as if to protect himself from possible fists from Cheyenne’s direction. “Look… I know you were a supermodel. I think my wife has a couple of the magazines you were in. But listen... You aren’t modeling anymore. Time to get some meat on ya.”
	“I already gained ten pounds since I came back home!” Cheyenne whined. She had stepped on the scale for the first time since coming back home and was mortified by the discovery. She vowed to start jogging in the mornings. She hadn’t started yet, but she planned to start during the upcoming weekend.
	“But look at you…” he twirled her around. “You can get another ten pounds and then you would be good enough to marry. Have some babies,” Paul Sr. said.
	“Pop!” Paul Jr. shouted with a warning. Cheyenne wasn’t sure, but she thought Paul Jr. was blushing.
	Paul Sr. pointed the whisk he was holding at Cheyenne and declared, “You’re gonna try my new blueberry dumpling after you and Celeste eat some of Tony’s spaghetti and meatballs. Have some garlic bread and salad but you both are gonna have my dumpling. I’ll even throw in some vanilla ice cream.” He kissed the tips of his fingers on his right hand then spread them out. “Now go sit down. I gotta get back in the kitchen.” He shooed both Celeste and Cheyenne away as he turned around and went further into the kitchen.
	Just as Celeste and Cheyenne were sitting themselves to one of the tables in the center of the restaurant, Mark entered the restaurant with the same woman he had been with a couple of weeks ago.
“Hmmm…” Celeste said.
	“He can go on a date,” Cheyenne said in almost a whisper.
	“Not if he is interested in you.” Celeste frowned disapprovingly. “Did he mention a date to you when he was reading with you yesterday?” Celeste asked.
	Cheyenne’s lower lip puckered into a pout. “No.”
	So far, Mark had not noticed her nor Celeste. Cheyenne kept watching Mark with a red head. So what? Was he into red heads now? Has he always been into red heads? She tried to think back to the past. He hadn’t had a girlfriend in high school. He had gone out on a few dates, but he never had a serious relationship. There didn’t seem to be a pattern to the girls he dated in high school.
	Paul Jr. returned carrying a basket of garlic bread sticks and salads. “Oh… I forgot the wine.” He snapped his fingers and turned back around. He returned a moment later with two glasses and a bottle of Merlot. As he poured he apologized, “Chey, I’m sorry for my father’s behavior. He can be intrusive and demanding at times.”
	Celeste snorted.
	Paul Jr’s. face contorted; he rolled his eyes then admitted, “Oh, who am I kidding? He’s always intrusive and demanding. I still apologize especially if he offended you in any way.” Paul used a cloth napkin that was stuffed in his back pocket to dab sweat off his forehead.
	“Are you okay Paul?” Celeste asked with genuine concern.
	“I’ve been taking summer classes at a community college and getting ready for finals plus trying to manage the restaurant along with family…”
	“Why don’t you take a night off? When are your finals?”
 	He shook his head to say no. “No, if I take a night off, the restaurant will turn to chaos and a family feud will sure ensue. I’m kind of a bridge between all of my family.”
	Celeste placed a hand on Paul’s right forearm. “Oh, Paul, that’s not right. You need to take some time off. You are too young to be so burnt out. You’re going to get sick.”
	“I’m twenty-four… I am okay.”
	“See… Cheyenne… he’s over eighteen… it’s perfectly legal for you to go out with him,” Celeste said out of the blue. She giggled as she took a sip of the freshly poured wine.
	Cheyenne sat there dumbfounded for what felt like an hour but was only less than a second. “What is this… Conspiracy against Cheyenne day?” Cheyenne squeaked.
	Paul Jr’s. face lit up to a sparkling smile. “I’d love to go out with Cheyenne.”
	“But… I….”
	Celeste pointed to the direction where Mark was sitting. The red head had Mark’s right hand in her hand. It appeared as if she were reading Mark’s palm. But Cheyenne had her doubts since the redhead had a flirtatious grin on her face, and her boobs were practically falling out of her dress. When the red head placed a kiss in the center of Mark’s palm Cheyenne felt her blood boil. Cheyenne clenched her teeth and had to do everything in her professional will power to not throw the bowl of salad across the room. She also visualized throwing the bottle of wine directly at the red head but balled her hands to fists and counted to ten instead.
	“See…. It wouldn’t hurt to go out with Paul. He needs to get his mind off of school, the restaurant and the family.”
	“Yes, that would be great. Would you like to go to a movie tonight?” Paul Jr. invited.
	Mark hadn’t even noticed Cheyenne’s presence. He knew she would be here today. Why was he so blatantly ignoring her? They had a nice night together the night before. Why was he being so cold?
	Cheyenne sighed, “As long as it’s a comedy and not a beat em up shoot em up.”
	Paul Jr. smiled and nodded. “Okay, thanks Cheyenne.”
	He walked away to Mark’s table. Still Mark hadn’t acknowledged her presence.
	“Why don’t you go out with him?” Cheyenne asked Celeste annoyed.
	“I would like to… but he needs to get you out of his system first,” Celeste said, seriously.
	“But… what? I…” Cheyenne shook her head confused.
	Celeste placed a hand on Cheyenne’s arm, “Chey, you have no idea the power your looks have over men, do you? I mean you know you’re a supermodel, but you still have no clue what you do to men.”
	“I…. I’m not…”
	“I know… you don’t believe you are a super model anymore but believe me… you are. Even in junky sweat pants and a t-shirt stained with coffee… you will always be a supermodel. See… here’s what I’m predicting how this will all play out,” Celeste moved her hands in a wide dramatic circle. “You are going to be so busy thinking about Mark… and realizing just how much in love you are with the man, you aren’t going to pay much attention to Paul Jr. If my gut is right, Paul is very much like his father and requires a lot of attention especially from the woman he is interested in. If a woman doesn’t give him the attention he needs, he loses interest then moves on to someone else. I plan to be that someone else,” Celeste said, and then winked.
	Cheyenne shook her head in denial but had no words to express her confusion and frustration. Since she had no words and didn’t want to talk, she reached for a breadstick with one hand and a glass of wine with the other. She took turns with sipping the wine and taking a bite of the breadstick. 
	Ten minutes later, Paul Jr. returned with plates of spaghetti. As promised once they finished the spaghetti, the blueberry dumpling with vanilla ice cream was served. When it was time to leave, Cheyenne felt ten pounds heavier and tipsy almost drunk.
	“I’m going to be off in about five minutes. The movie starts in twenty minutes. It should give us enough time,” Paul Jr. said.
	“Okay,” Cheyenne said, lazily.
	As Cheyenne, Celeste and Paul Jr. were walking out of the restaurant, Cheyenne made a point to stop at Mark’s table and deliberately interrupted what appeared to be a romantic date. She wobbly pointed at Mark, “You… You confuse me. Hi, by the way. You couldn’t say hi? You know how saying hi means much to me… but bye.” Then she walked away. Paul wrapped his arm around Cheyenne’s waist and assisted Cheyenne with placing her arm around his shoulder. He helped walk her out of the restaurant. He stood outside with her while Celeste turned quickly to go back to Mark’s table.	
Celeste leaned forward and said softly, “Mark if you love Chey the way I think you do, you had better go to the movie theater now. I’d hate to see Paul make his moves on Cheyenne and be where you should be.”
	“I didn’t see her,” Mark said honestly. 
	“That doesn’t matter now… what matters is Chey is practically drunk and emotional. Paul will use his best moves on her tonight. You’d better be there to stop it!” Celeste exclaimed.
	
		
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Mark blinked. How did this night get turned so upside down? He had told Wendy they were only going out on a professional level but yet she had been flirting with him all night. She had successfully managed to distract him so much that he had not seen Cheyenne in the restaurant. How could he not see Cheyenne? He lived and breathed just for her. Now this strange woman who was obviously a friend of Chey’s was threatening him. He glanced out the window to see Cheyenne leaning way too close to Paul. Mark’s hands balled into a fist. He clenched his jaw. He tossed the dinner napkin that had previously been spread across his lap onto the table. “I’m sorry Wendy, but I will have to cut this evening short.”
	Wendy blinked. She glanced out the window at Cheyenne who now had her head resting on Paul’s shoulder.
	“Oh, I’m sorry… I didn’t realize you were involved with someone,” Wendy said. She cleared her throat. “Yes, go get her Mark. She’s beautiful.”
	Mark tilted his head in wonder and said, “Thank you for understanding Wendy.” He reached out and shook her hand.
	Then he stood. 
	Celeste suggested, “Let’s just follow them to the theater. We will go see what they do. They won’t know we are there.”
	Mark shook his head. “Isn’t that a little high schoolish?”
	“No, no…” Celeste explained. “It’s a plan. Trust me.”
	Celeste took Mark’s hand and urged him to walk with her.
	Cheyenne and Paul turned when the restaurant door opened, and Mark and Celeste walked out holding hands.
	“What the he…” Cheyenne started to sputter, but Celeste interrupted her.
	“Mark and I want to see the movie too,” Celeste explained.
	“I thought you were my friends,” Cheyenne said, her eyes squinting at both of them. “You don’t even know what movie we are going to see. I don’t even know what movie we are going to see.”
	“The new Kevin Hart movie,” Paul explained. “Let’s start walking or we are going to miss it.” Paul continued to keep his arm wrapped around Cheyenne’s waist. In turn, Cheyenne kept her arm wrapped around his shoulder. Mostly so she could walk straight after two bottles of wine. She hadn’t meant to drink the two bottles. But every time she glanced up she saw Mark and his dazzling smile and charm with a red head. She kept pouring and sipping or rather gulping each time she saw him.
	She was glad the movie theater was in walking distance. She needed the fresh air and a short walk. She wanted to unbutton the top button of her denim shorts. She’d have to remember to wear clothes with elastic the next time she went to the restaurant. It would make breathing after eating the delicious food so much easier and enjoyable.
	Mark and Celeste walked a short distance behind Paul and Cheyenne. Mark was annoyed at how tightly Paul was holding Cheyenne as if he owned her. He was more annoyed by how much Cheyenne was leaning into Paul. He kept telling himself that it was because she was drunk. She didn’t want to be that close to Paul. She couldn’t have.
	He had let go of Celeste’s hand the moment Cheyenne had turned around and started walking toward the movie theater.
	When they got into the theater, the lights were already dimmed. There was a couple of seats available but for the most part the theater was packed. Cheyenne and Paul sat four rows from the front seats while Mark and Celeste sat in the very back. Mark didn’t mind. He figured he’d be able to keep a good eye on Paul since it was a stadium seating theater.
	The previews for other movies began to display. Cheyenne leaned her head against Paul’s right shoulder. Mark wished he had time to get popcorn because he definitely would have thrown a few at Paul’s head at that moment.
	What Mark didn’t realize was that Cheyenne had closed her eyes.	

	Cheyenne let out a yawn soon after sitting down in the theater. When the previews began, Cheyenne leaned her head against Paul’s shoulder. She wished that it was Mark’s shoulder she was leaning on. Why was Mark dating Celeste now? He had just had a date with a redhead but now he was on a date with one of her so called new friend’s? She frowned with her eyes closed and yawned again.
	She thought of how she thought Mark was going to kiss her last night while they were reading Sherlock Holmes. They were sitting shoulder to shoulder, and their heads were so close to each other. She could smell his shampooed hair. She could smell the freshly soaped skin on his neck. She had glanced down at his chest and could see the hair on his chest peak out of the collared shirt. God, he was sexy. He just radiated testosterone… the manliest of manly men. He’d always been what she wanted in a man. 
	She visualized his full lips, and she puckered up her lips. 

	When a bright scene displayed on the movie screen, Mark’s eyes went straight to where Cheyenne was sitting. He saw her lean in closer to Paul with what looked like her lips puckered up. His heart slammed into his chest. Without a second thought, Mark sprang out of his seat. He excused himself from Celeste, shuffled between some of the other movie goers and rushed down the steps to Cheyenne’s seat. Fortunately, Cheyenne and Paul were sitting on the edge of the walkway. 
	“Hey, Chey!” Mark shouted above the loud preview. When she didn’t budge, he shouted again, “Chey!”
	Paul looked up with a frown. “Wake her up, please. I’d like to take her home.”
	Paul shook his head to say no.
	Mark’s eyebrows raised; his hands balled into a fist. “Cheyenne!” He shouted during an extremely quiet moment in the theater.
	There were a few angry people who shushed him, and another who yelled, “Hey, down in front! We paid too much money for all this interruption. Get outta here before the movie starts!”
	“That’s my plan!” Mark shouted back.
	Cheyenne stirred a bit. He shouted her name one more time. She finally groggily blinked her eyes. She lifted her head and looked at Mark. She smiled big but then remembered where she was and with who. She frowned. “Wait, no… no… I’m…”
	She sat up straight. She shook her head to shake off her confusion.
	“Let me take you home Chey,” Mark whispered loudly.
	She nodded but then looked at Paul Jr. “Paul; I’m sorry. I should never have agreed to go out with you. I….” 	
	Paul frowned; his eyes were glistening. He licked his lips. “It’s okay; I understand. You don’t see me the way I see you. You like this guy.” Paul used his thumb to point at Mark.
	Mark held his hand out to help Cheyenne out of her seat.
	“But, but… Celeste is interested,” Cheyenne said with her eyebrows raised as she stepped over his feet and held onto Mark’s hand. Celeste was standing behind Mark the entire time.
	“Go on guys,” Celeste said eagerly, shooing them away. When Cheyenne was finally in the walkway, Celeste swooped into Cheyenne’s seat to sit next to Paul. The movie began as Cheyenne and Mark were walking out.

	As soon as Mark and Cheyenne entered the house, George said, “Hello. Chey home…. Hello.”
	“Hello George,” Mark said to the bird.
	Harry immediately rushed out the door, “Don’t let Harry….” Cheyenne sputtered, but it was too late. The kitten had already sprung free.
	“Don’t worry he will come back. You have a collar on him now, right?”
	“Yes,” Cheyenne said, pouting.
	“What’s going on Chey?”
	“You tell me Mark. What’s with the red head? Why didn’t you tell me you were going to be at the restaurant? I tell you everything.”
	Mark helped her to the couch.
	“Why did Celeste make me drink so much?” Cheyenne asked as she sprawled across the couch. She grabbed one of the pastel green throw pillows and placed it under her head. Mark helped her remove her white canvas shoes and socks. She wiggled her red painted toes. “Do you like the little flowers on my toes?” Cheyenne asked. “I think they are pretty. I got them from Target. They are little stickers.”
	“Yes, I’ve always loved your toes,” Mark grinned.
	“Hey, you’re distracting me… answer my questions,” she pointed accusingly at him.
	“The red head is Wendy Steel. She is a client of mine and nothing more. I meant to tell you about the meeting, but I kept getting distracted. Then I was distracted in the restaurant and honestly did not see you.”
	“How could you not see me? I was sitting in the middle of the place!”
	“I…” he was interrupted by a scratching sound on the door. 
	“Harry home….” George said from his cage.
	“Can you let Harry in and let George out of his cage? He will start yelling if his cage door isn’t left open.”
	Mark nodded. He opened the front door, and the kitten ran back into the house. As soon as Mark opened the cage door for George, George hopped on a rope then walked his way to the couch where Cheyenne was. He climbed up to sit on Cheyenne’s left breast. He looked straight at her. “Hello,” he said. “Kiss.” 
	Cheyenne puckered her lips. George kissed her. “You give the best kisses George.”
	“I love you,” George said to Chey.
	“Well, I love you too,” Chey said with a grin.
	“Why am I getting jealous of a bird?” Mark muttered.
	“Huh?” Chey asked, not sure she heard him right.
	“Oh, nothing,” Mark pouted. He reached down and picked up Harry before sitting in the love seat. “Hi Harry, how are you?” He stroked the kitten then started massaging him behind the ears. The kitten predictably started to purr.
	George began to play with Chey’s hair. Chey let out a yawn. 
	“So…” Mark started to say something but when he looked up, Chey was asleep and snoring. “I love you Chey,” he whispered.
	She continued to snore.
	
	
	Mark woke with a neck spasm and a kitten curled up in his lap. It took him a minute to remember where he was. Chey was still sleeping on the couch. He glanced around and saw that George was surprisingly in his cage sleeping. He glanced at his cellphone to see that it was almost 6:30 in the morning. He gently placed the kitten in his bed. He only stirred a little bit before falling right back to sleep. He debated whether to leave quietly or go into the kitchen and perk some coffee and maybe make some toast for Chey. He decided on the latter. He went into the kitchen and perked coffee, found a loaf of bread and made some toast.
	Just as the coffee finished perking, Cheyenne appeared with her hair in shambles and clothes wrinkled. He thought she looked a lot like she did when they were kids and would have bonfires. They would sleep on the beach with Reggie and Maggie. He smiled from the memory. “Hey Chey, I thought I’d perk you some coffee and make you some toast.”
	“Thank you,” she said softly. She rubbed her head. “I shouldn’t have drunk so much red wine. I always have a headache but two bottles… just stupid.”
	“Are you okay?” Mark asked.
	“Ask me in a couple of hours,” Cheyenne pleaded. “I don’t feel like talking. What time is it?”
	“A little after 6:30,” Mark said.
	“No wonder I’m still so sleepy… I don’t usually wake up until after ten,” she frowned.
	“Sorry, if I woke you,” Mark said. “You can go back to sleep if want. I’ll just have some coffee and toast then leave while you’re sleeping.”
	Cheyenne looked at Mark. He stared back at her. Her eyes appeared to be searching for answers in his. “Chey, I want to know how you feel. I need to know.”
	She inhaled sharply then exhaled slowly, still rubbing her head. She held up her index finger then put it to her lips then reached out to put it on Mark’s. “Stop talking. Please,” she whispered.
	He nodded in agreement, but something told her their conversation wasn’t over. He kissed her finger then turned his back on her. He reached into the upper oak cabinets and grabbed two enormous coffee mugs. He silently poured each of them a cup of coffee. Next, he buttered four pieces of toast, then spread strawberry jelly on each. He handed Cheyenne two pieces of toast and a mug of coffee. She walked over to the refrigerator and pulled out hazelnut creamer. She poured a bunch in her mug then scooped three teaspoonfuls of sugar. She stirred without clicking the spoon against the mug.
	They ate the toast and drank the coffee in silence. Finally, Mark stood up, walked over to Cheyenne and embraced her in a tight hug while she was still sitting down. He kissed her on the top of her head. “Call me when you’re ready to talk,” he said simply. He walked out of the kitchen then out of the house.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Later, that same day, Cheyenne’s headache finally disappeared. Her confusion about Mark, though, remained. She hadn’t talked to Maggie in a few days and tried to call her, but her phone immediately went to voicemail. She figured Maggie was probably busy working. She felt as if she was fighting herself, and it was a losing battle. What was she fighting? Why was she fighting it? She couldn’t put her finger or heart on it. 
	Her pets made her smile and gave her love she needed and she in turn loved them, but she needed more. She craved more. But, she didn’t know how to get it or from where. 
	She thought of how she felt when she went to mass the first Sunday when she arrived with Maggie. She had felt as if she had come home but at the same time she felt lost but… but it was more. Cheyenne frowned. She had the sudden urge to go to St. Michael’s. Without another thought, she grabbed her car keys and drove to the church. She sat in the parking lot for a few minutes, staring at the brick building. Her mother had forced her go to church every Sunday when she was little, while her father would only go on Easter and Christmas. She thought back and tried to remember the last time she had gone to confession. She frowned. If she remembered right, it was just before she graduated high school. Mark and Maggie had insisted that they all go to confession along with Reggie; something about ending the time together with a clean conscious. 
	She shook her head then stepped out of her car. She briefly thought she needed to call the rental car company and make an offer finally to buy the car. But, then again, Mark would probably want her to get a Prius just like the one he had. Except she’d have to get a red one with dark tinted windows and all the new gadgets and gizmos.  She winced from thinking of Mark. Red… right…. Not red because he liked a red head.
	She entered the church and glanced around. She wasn’t sure if this was the time confessions were heard or not. She saw there were a couple of confessionals with windows on the double doors at the far end of the church. There were a couple of people waiting in line. She quietly waited in line and began silently praying the Lord’s Prayer repeatedly until it was her turn to enter the confessional. 
	When it was finally her turn, she entered the confessional and opted to use the shield rather than the face to face confession. 
	Nervously, her voice shaking, she said, “Forgive me Father for I have sinned. It’s been over ten years since my last confession. I have been away from the church, my family and friends for over ten years. In that time, I have lost so much of myself, and I fear I lost a part of my soul.”
	She began to tremble, and tears began to fall.
	“It’s okay my child, you have found your way back home,” she recognized the voice as Father Jim. 
	“I just feel so lost. I have done so many bad things in that amount of time. I went to Europe and went to wild parties. I got caught up in the glitz and did crazy things that I am so ashamed of. I lived with my boyfriend Pierre for a while. I thought we were going to get married, but he cheated on me with my agent and then… I came home. I am so confused. I sometimes feel like I’m where I should be but then Mark sends me all of these mixed messages and I just don’t know what to do.”
	“Ahh…” Father Jim said. Cheyenne thought she heard the priest smile.
	“What… what do you mean ahhh?” Cheyenne questioned.
	“You said you felt lost while you were in Europe, right?”
	“Yes.”
	“Then you felt lost when you were living with your fiancé?”
	“Yes.”
	“Then you caught your fiancé cheating, so you came back?”
	“Yes.”
	“Don’t you see what happened?”
	“No.”
	“God was leading you back… God wanted you to come back to your family and friends where you belong.”
	“I…” Cheyenne sniffed. “But…”
	“He led you to see what kind of man your fiancé was. He led you to where you needed to be.”	
	“Oh my God…” Cheyenne said as realization set in her soul.
	“Exactly,” Father Jim said.
	“I…” Cheyenne let out a gasp. She felt lighter.
	“So, you said you are confused about someone named Mark. Tell me about him.”
	“He was one of my best friend’s when we were growing up. We tell each other everything or at least I thought we did. But, he didn’t tell me he was going on a date with someone last night and ended up at the same place I was at last night. He lied to me by not telling me.”
	“Are you sure he went on a date? It could have been a meeting or something else?”
	“He said it was a meeting but…”
	“So, you have deeper feelings for this Mark and now you are feeling jealous?”
	She sniffed. “Yes,” she confessed. “I wanted to scratch the lady’s eyes out and I also wanted to beat up Mark.”
	“Violence and jealousy have no place in your heart or your soul,” Father Jim said.
	Cheyenne sighed guiltily. 
	“You must recognize that what you are feeling for Mark is deeper than friendship, and you must open yourself up to him. You must let Mark know how you are feeling. Follow your heart.”
	“But, what if I tell him how I feel and he doesn’t want anything to do with me in that way? What if I tell him how I feel and it just ends up ruining our friendship?”
	“Love is a complicated thing. It is unpredictable. But, you must be honest in love. It is unfair to you and unfair to Mark to not be honest. If it doesn’t work out, it wasn’t meant to be. You will move on. BUT, if it was meant to be…. You will have gained everything. You will never know the answer until you tell Mark how you feel.”
	She let the priest’s words seep into her mind and soul. Tears began to roll down her cheek. “I love him so much.”
	“Yes, I can tell.”
	She sniffed again.
	He cleared his throat then asked, “Anything else on your mind or anything else you wish to confess?”
	“Oh,” Cheyenne recalled the fiasco at the museum. “My friend Reggie and I clowned around and touched stuff we weren’t supposed to then we got kicked out of the museum. It was just that it was works of art, you know? It was so close… right there. We just wanted to touch it… to feel a part of history, I guess.”
	She thought she heard the priest laugh. 
	“I accidentally got Mark and my friend Maggie banned but I went back to the museum and explained everything to the museum… so now only Reggie and I are banned.”
	The priest laughed again then cleared his throat, “Well, it seems you fixed that as best you could.”
	“Yes,” Cheyenne said.
	“Anything else,” Father Jim asked.
	“I think that’s everything.”
	“Talk to Mark. For your penance, say the rosary each day this week. You will find peace.”
	The priest said a prayer and then had Cheyenne say the Act of Contrition. She had to use the index card the prayer was printed out on since she had forgotten it. “You may take the booklet on the shelf in front of you to help you with the rosary.”
	“Thank you,” Cheyenne said. She grabbed the booklet then left the confessional. She felt lighter. She felt free. Finally, she smiled.

	She was attempting to mop the kitchen floor with George on her shoulder and Harry sitting on a kitchen chair. Harry was watching the mop intently, and Cheyenne was pretty sure Harry planned to pounce on the mop in a matter of seconds. Her cellphone vibrated in her denim shorts pocket. She placed the mop in the bucket of soapy water then leaned it against the counter. 
	She saw that it was Mark. She felt her heart flutter. “Hi Mark,” she said with a smile.
	“Hey Chey, I was wondering if you’d like to go out to dinner tonight?”
	She decided it was time to admit what she was feeling. “Only if it’s a date.”
	There was a momentary silence.
	“Um…. Mark… are you there?” Cheyenne said.
	“I’m sorry. I… I dropped the phone.”
	She giggled. A vision of a younger geekier version of Mark popped into her mind. His hair was out of control and the big rimmed glasses. His braces displayed on his enormous goofy smile. She always loved him.
	“Um… did you say… date?” Mark asked.
	“Yes. I would love to go on a date with my best friend. Is that okay with you?” She asked confidently. She even stood straighter as she spoke.
	“Heck yeah,” he squealed in delight.
	“Pick me up at seven?”
	“Okay,” Mark said, then disconnected.
	Cheyenne finished mopping and was surprised that Harry hadn’t attacked the mop. Instead, he found one of George’s toy’s that he had left on the ground and started to play with it. It was a plastic ball with holes and a noisy bell. George chased after Harry, and they both began to play on the living room floor. Ten minutes later, her cell phone vibrated again. This time it was Maggie. “Well, hello stranger, how have you been?”
	“Sorry, I have had crazy hours at work. I just woke up and saw that you called earlier. What’s up?” Maggie let out a yawn.
	Cheyenne glanced at the clock. It was two thirty in the afternoon. 
	“Well, it just so happens I have a date. Want to go shopping with me?”
	“Oh… a date, huh? Who with?” Maggie asked.
	“Mark,” Cheyenne admitted.
	“Well, it’s about time,” Maggie said. “Of course I will go shopping. You have to pick me up though. I’m too tired to drive.”
	“Okay, I’ll be there in twenty.”

	After a couple of hours of shopping, Cheyenne found a simple little black dress and black stilettos at one of the stores at the mall. “So what’s going on with you and Reggie?” Cheyenne asked as they were walking back to her car in the parking lot.
	Maggie sighed. “We are getting along this week.”
	“Do you think he will ever ask you to marry him?”
	“I decided I’m not going to worry about it anymore. Whether we are married or not… I need him and want him in my life. Yes, we get on each other’s nerves but I’m lost when he isn’t around. You know?”
	Cheyenne nodded in agreement, “Yes, I know.” She clicked a button on the remote on her keychain. The car beeped twice.
	“I’ve wanted to ask you something,” Maggie said as she opened the passenger side of the car and slid in.
	Cheyenne tossed the shopping bags in the back seat then got into the driver’s seat. She buckled up then asked, “So, ask me… what’s up?”
	Maggie twisted her braids into a bun then reached into her purse for a butterfly hair clip to hold her bun in place. She waved her hands, “Much better… I’ve been so hot and nauseous lately.”
	“It’s not even hot. Are you feeling okay?” Cheyenne asked worriedly.
	“Probably just over worked.”
	“I can take you to get something to eat.”
	“Nah, you have to get ready for your date. Just drop me off at home. I’ll make a sandwich or something and take another nap.”
	Cheyenne studied her. Maggie was glowing. Hmmm… Cheyenne wondered if Maggie was pregnant. She would let it go for now. Maggie would tell her when she was ready. Perhaps she wanted to wait until she was further along with the pregnancy before she informed anyone. Cheyenne couldn’t help but sneak a peek at her best friend’s belly. There did seem to be a little bulge that hadn’t been there a few weeks ago. Cheyenne smiled and said a tiny prayer for Maggie and Reggie. She prayed they would straighten out their relationship and if she was pregnant that the baby would be happy and healthy.
	Maggie turned to see Cheyenne studying her. “Oh, no… don’t try to flip the conversation to me… I was about to ask you something, remember?”
	Cheyenne bit her lower lip but nodded.
	“Do you remember when we were all over at your dad’s house on your twelfth birthday?”
	Cheyenne tilted her head then rubbed the back of her neck. “That was so long ago,” Cheyenne said. 
	“Yes, it was but do you remember?”
	Visions of the four of them gathered around a bonfire her dad had built for them entered her mind. She remembered marshmallows being tossed around and of course Maggie and Reggie arguing over every little thing. She remembered Mark looking at her differently that night. “Some of it,” Cheyenne admitted.
	“Well, do you remember playing truth or dare?” Maggie asked. She placed her right hand on her abdomen and rubbed it up and down for a few seconds. When she saw that Cheyenne was watching her, she immediately dropped her hand and rested it on the arm rest.
	Cheyenne cleared her throat. She started the car, shift it to reverse and backed out of the parking spot. She shifted to drive then headed for the freeway to take Maggie home.
	“Um…” Cheyenne thought back on it. She remembered Maggie and Reggie daring each other to eat a ton of marshmallows, and it seemed as if the game was only between the two of them. Then she recalled Mark. Nervous, geeky smiling Mark standing up after he had been looking at her strangely most of the night. He had dared Cheyenne to ask him to marry her on his thirtieth birthday. Cheyenne’s jaw dropped from the memory.
	“Uh… huh…” Maggie said with a smile. “You remember, don’t you?”
	“Yes,” Cheyenne said, her voice squeaky.
	“Well, in case you forgot. Mark’s thirtieth birthday is this Saturday.”
	Cheyenne’s eyes widened. “Do you think he was serious?”
	“Yep,” Maggie said, rubbing her belly again.
	They reached Maggie’s condo complex. “Have fun tonight on your date with Mark. Call me tomorrow to tell me all about it.” Maggie leaned over and kissed Cheyenne on the cheek then slid out the car.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

It was six forty-five when Mark rang Cheyenne’s door bell. Cheyenne jumped up from the couch and rushed to answer it. She embraced Mark in a hug and kissed him on the lips. “Hi,” she said. Her arms were still wrapped around his neck.
	Mark smiled at her. “Hey, I like this kind of greeting.”
	“Hello,” George squawked demanding attention. “Mark here. Mark… hello.”
	Mark laughed. “Hi George,” he said to the obnoxious parrot.
	“Oh, let me grab my purse,” Cheyenne said. She walked over to the coffee table and grabbed her black beaded evening bag. “Now Harry and George… remember to be good. You both promised me. Right? If you want a treat when I get back, you have to be good.”
	“George good,” George said. The bird nodded his head up and down repeatedly then squawked. 
	
	They were seated in a quiet dimly lit booth at a Steak and Sushi restaurant.  “I thought you were never going eat sushi,” Cheyenne said with a smile.
	“Well, after going to dinner with so many clients over the years I was talked into trying it out. I have to say, ever since then, I’ve been hooked.”	
	“See… I always told you; you would like it.”
	He grinned. 
	The waiter appeared with glasses of Sake and asked if they were ready to order. They agreed on filet mignon, volcano rolls, spicy tuna, fried wontons, and lots of rice. 
	“That’s a lot, do you think we will eat it all?” Cheyenne asked.
	“We’ll manage,” Mark said. He cleared his throat then asked, “So, talk to me, why did you decide to label this night out as a date?”
	“Well, I have honestly been battling with these feelings for you and I finally realized I needed to go on a real date with you.”
	“Hmmm….” Mark nodded.
	“Why did you agree to go on a date with me?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Who wouldn’t want to go on a date with a supermodel?” Mark joked.
	Cheyenne frowned. He was the one person who didn’t consider her as a celebrity. She felt disappointed somehow that he referenced her in that light during such an important night.
	Mark reached across the table and placed a hand on hers.  He asked in concern, “Hey, I was only kidding Chey. Are you alright? What’s going on?”
	“Do you think you could be in a serious relationship with me? I mean do you think you could ever see me as a mother and wife?”
	Mark now had both of his hands on top of hers. “Yes. You will be an incredible mother and wife. I don’t know about cooking… that part is iffy. You can cook breakfast and lunch… oh and incredible desserts but dinner…. I don’t know about dinner Chey.” He sounded serious.
	She sat back and removed her hands from under his. “How dare you insult my cooking? You haven’t even tasted any of my dinners since I came back.”
	He laughed. He leaned back in his seat. “Oh, come on Chey… be honest… are you good with dinner?”
	“Dang…” Chey couldn’t help but laugh. “Fine… no… most of the time if I don’t go out to dinner then I make pancakes for dinner. Or have a sandwich…. Pstt… you didn’t have to be so brutal.”
	“Well, look, the way I see it we are talking about when you are in the wifely role. Don’t lie to yourself or the person you marry.”
	Cheyenne crossed her arms then asked, “Fine Mr. Perfect, name one of your faults.”
	“Well, that’s easy… I’m a dork and always will be.”
	“Oh, give me a break! You were a dork in the past but now you’re Mr. Hottie.”
	He sat up straight and had a wicked grin on his face. “So…. You think I’m a hottie now, do you?”
	“Don’t act like you don’t already know Mark. Geez, the red head you with the other day was drooling all over you.”
	“Ohhh…. You were jealous?”
	“Stop fishing for compliments,” Cheyenne said annoyed.
	He laughed. 
	“So, you don’t have any flaws?” Cheyenne asked.
	“Well, according to Reggie, I am still a dork. I am too serious and work too much.”
	“Yes, that’s true. You can be way too serious, but I’ve always known that. I mean; you always balanced me and Reggie out…. You and Maggie were always the serious ones while Reggie and I were always the clowns or idiots,” she admitted with a smile.
	“Yep,” Mark nodded in agreement.
	“So as a husband are you going to be working as hard?”
	“Probably,” Mark said. “I mean, I will cut back. I will take weekends off, but I will still work long hours during the week. I worked hard to get where I am today. I love what I do, and I want to be able to provide for my family.”
	“So how many kids do you want?”
	“A bunch… didn’t we already have this discussion… no matter how many we have, it would have to be an even number. I mean when we go to amusement parks we will want everyone to have a partner to sit with.”
	Cheyenne nodded. “We agreed on that when we were like ten years old.” 
	Mark nodded.
	The food arrived in a long wooden tray. Their mouths watered from the sight and smell of the food. “I am in heaven,” Cheyenne said. The waiter placed the tray between them then placed a plate in front of each of them. He handed them chopsticks as well as silverware. “Enjoy.” The waiter smiled then walked away.
	They ate in comfortable silence.
	
	“Why did I wear this tight dress? I can’t breathe,” Cheyenne whined as she walked hand in hand with Mark back to his Prius. 
	“You wanted to look sexy and hot for your hottie date,” Mark joked, nudging her with his left elbow.
	She laughed. “I was nervous.”
	“You were nervous? Miss cool and popular was nervous to go out with me?” Mark asked surprised.
	“I just didn’t know how you were going to react. I mean… we’ve been friends forever. I don’t know how to control my hormones around you anymore. It was never a problem before.”
	“Gee… thanks,” he laughed. “Just for the record. I’ve always fantasized about us being more than friends. I never could control my hormones around you.”
	Cheyenne stopped in front of his car and said, “Really?”
	“Yes, Chey. Remember, I constantly professed my love to you but you always thought I was joking.”
	He moved in closer to her. She backed up, her back was against the passenger side of Mark’s car. He placed his hands on each side of her so that she was trapped between him and the car. He leaned in and kissed her. She was shocked at first but less than a second passed when she realized her dream was coming true. She was kissing Mark Robinson. Her lifelong best friend. She opened her mouth and accepted his kiss. Their tongues slow danced. She felt so much emotion, love, joy, giddiness in that kiss, a tear rolled down her cheek. They both groaned.
	Mark stopped kissing her and rested his forehead against hers. He wiped a tear away with his right thumb. “I hope that’s a happy tear. I love you Chey. Always have. Always will.”
	She nodded as another tear rolled down her cheek. “I love you too Mark.”
	He smiled. He kissed her again then held her in a long embrace. “Well, I had planned to take you miniature golfing but I didn’t realize you were going to get fancy smancy on me with the stilettos and sexy dress. So we could do something else if you want.” 
	Cheyenne’s face lit up, and she jumped up and down, causing Mark to back up and set her free. “Let’s go miniature golfing! I haven’t gone in so long!”
	He grinned. “Okay, how about we stop at your place and change. I have some gym clothes in my duffle bag in my trunk.”
	“Okay,” she bounced up and down. 

	“So… tell me all about it,” Maggie said to Cheyenne. They were having lunch the following day on the pier. They were sitting at a picnic table. Seagulls were walking by eating any crumbs they dropped. Cheyenne bit into her tuna salad sandwich then took an enormous bite of a giant pickle.
	“Why didn’t we date ten years ago?” Cheyenne finally asked after she chewed and swallowed her mouthful of food.
	“Reggie and I have been wondering the same thing for years.”
	“I never knew the man could kiss. I wanted to pounce on him right there in the parking lot Maggie.”
	“Well, did you pounce on him later when you got back to your place?” Maggie asked before biting into her club sandwich.
	Cheyenne took another bite of her pickle. Juice began to roll down her chin. She quickly grabbed a napkin to wipe it away. “Not on our first date. Geez Mags!”
	“Last night should not be considered your first date…. It’s more like your gazillionth date,” Maggie rolled her eyes and shook her head. 
	“Well, it was our first official date. Anyway, I was thinking… his birthday is in two more days. How about we surprise him? I will pick him up and then meet you and Reggie at a jazz club.”
	Maggie nodded in agreement, “Sounds good to me. You’re picking him up, huh?” Maggie looked at Cheyenne suspiciously through squinted eyes. 
	“Yes,” Cheyenne answered with a huge grin on her face.
	“Sounds daring…” Maggie said, wiggling her eyebrows.
	Cheyenne smiled. 
	 
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

On Saturday morning, Cheyenne stared at Mark’s house. Her car was parked across the street, and she’d been sitting in the car with her fingers tapping lightly on the steering wheel for the past ten minutes. At least she hadn’t been gripping the steering wheel so tightly that her knuckles turned an abnormal pale color. 
	Today was Mark’s birthday. If he were serious about what he said when they were twelve, then he would be expecting her. But if he had only been joking around then she was certainly about to make a fool of herself. Especially since she was dressed in a ridiculously sexy red dress and black stilettos. Cheyenne leaned back against the driver’s seat and continued to stare at his house.
	Her mind wandered back to her twelfth birthday for the gazillionth time in the past week. They had all been sitting around the bonfire that night, Maggie insisted they play truth or dare. When it was Mark’s turn, he jumped up and said, “Maggie, I dare you to show up on my thirtieth birthday and ask me to marry you…” She could still hear his voice when he said it. His voice had cracked. Then her mind flashed to the day they went paintball fighting. He warned her never to dare him to do anything she wasn’t ready for him to do. He had known she remembered. He must have known. He was sending her clues… right? But what if he wasn’t? What if he forgot about it?
	Then she heard Father Jim’s voice in her head. “Follow your heart. Tell Mark how you feel.”
	She bit her lower lip. So far the advice had worked. Since their first official date, they had gone out each night since. Each time, she wanted more than kisses. She wanted Mark for life. She squirmed in the driver’s seat. It was starting to get cold in the car, and the windows were beginning to fog up from her nervous breathing. Cheyenne took a deep breath and finally got out of the car. She was sure the entire neighborhood could hear the obnoxious click, click of her stilettos.
	Cheyenne bit her lower lip again then lightly tapped on the door rather than ring the bell. She wasn’t sure why she chose to knock. She guessed it was just in case he was still sleeping. A moment later, Mark answered the door. He had a goofy grin on his face. Her heart melted at the sight of his double dimples. Cheyenne felt tingly all over.
	“Cheyenne,” he whispered breathlessly, still grinning. He cleared his throat. There was an unmistakable sparkle in his eye.
	“Hi,” Cheyenne said with a smile. 
	“I didn’t think you would come today,” Mark said anxiously.
	“It’s your thirtieth birthday, why wouldn’t I come?”
	Mark’s dark brown eyes searched Cheyenne’s as if he were waiting for something. His hand was still gripped tightly around his doorknob. Cheyenne was still standing outside in the cold. She wondered if she made a mistake. What had she been thinking? What if Mark was hoping someone else was knocking on his door. What if he had plans this morning with someone else? Cheyenne closed her eyes, bit her lower lip then said in a desperate low voice, “Mark,” she opened her eyes and looked him straight in the eyes, “Truth or Dare?”
	Mark let out a loud whoop of delight, reached for Cheyenne and kissed her senselessly. He kissed her neck, mouth, forehead and then her mouth again. He twirled her and kissed her again. When they were finally inside his house and standing in the living room, he coaxed her to the couch and stretched out on top of her. “So… I dare you to marry me?” She asked with a laugh.
	“Yes, yes, yes…” he said. 


	

EPILOGUE- Four years later…

Cheyenne and Mark entered Paul’s Italian Pizzeria and were immediately surrounded by their friends and family. Whoops and cheers were shouted throughout the restaurant. “Congratulations Chey!” 
	“Thank you all!” Cheyenne shouted. 
	Celeste approached Cheyenne with a glass of wine handing it to her. Cheyenne raised her hand. “Oh, no, I can’t have any. I’m prego now,” she whispered with a smile.
	“What??” Celeste’s eyes widened. “You guys don’t waste any time, huh?”
Mark held onto Cheyenne’s elbow and guided her to the table of honor in the back of the restaurant.
	Paul Sr. shoved Mark aside to give Cheyenne an enormous hug. He announced loudly, “Attention everyone, our guest of honor is here. It looks like we have two things to celebrate today! She graduated for UCLA, and she is pregnant! Finally! Took long enough!” He slapped Mark on the back. Mark coughed.
	“We weren’t planning to announce it yet,” Mark managed to sputter, still coughing.
	Reggie was holding his newborn son in one hand, and his three-year-old daughter was right beside him. “Finally joining the parent team?”
	Mark grinned widely. “Yes!”
	“At this rate with Celeste and Paul’s kids plus ours we might have our own little league team.”
	Paul Jr. approached Mark and patted him on the back as well. “Congratulations Mark. It’s about time you two catch up with the rest of us.”
	“Where are your kids anyway?” Mark asked Paul Jr.
	“Celeste insisted her sister could watch them. This is our date night,” Paul said with a wink.
	Celeste and Paul Jr. had married a few months after their movie night. Reggie and Maggie married a month before delivering their first born. Mark and Cheyenne married nine months after Mark’s thirtieth birthday. Mark and Cheyenne put kids on hold until Cheyenne completed her college degree. They decided a few months before her graduation to try getting pregnant. Their healthy baby boy was due in six months. 

	
