

Higher Octave
A Heavy Influence Novella
2.5

By Ann Marie Frohoff

Copyright © 2015 Ann Marie Frohoff
Distributed by Smashwords
All rights reserved. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and theft of the author's intellectual property. If you would like to use the material from the book (other than for review purposes), prior written permission must be obtained by contacting the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author's rights.
AMF Publishing
Ann Marie Frohoff
heavyinfluencetrilogy@gmail.com
First Digital Edition: February 2015
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Frohoff, Ann Marie, 1971—
Higher Octave : a novella / by Ann Marie Frohoff.— 1st edition
ISBN: 099165725X ISBN: 978-0-9916572-5-4
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10

"If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life."
~ Oscar Wilde

1
A golden pink haze hovered over the Malibu hills as the sun began its decent from the sky, as if it were about to take a dip in the ocean. A light, foggy, ocean mist began to roll towards the compound I'd been staying at for the last three months - the Promises rehab facility. It was the beginning of April, and the spring season fluttered and bloomed around me as I sat waiting for Bobby to visit. Bobby was my bassist and childhood friend. Other than calls and texts, it'd been over a year since I'd seen him last.
It was the third spring season to come since my complete fall from grace. The music had gone completely silent.
I was a free man. Free from answering to a manger, a label, a band or a girlfriend. My entire life was a sad E! True Hollywood Story, or something from Behind the Music - literally. I'd watched those episodes more times than I could count. I even recorded them so I could watch whenever I wanted, and it was a lot. I'm a free man, I thought, but I wasn't really free. I still thought about and what I'd done and Alyssa every day. All the things I'd done and continued to do while I was in and out of the four other rehab facilities around the country.
Alyssa, my childhood friend, love of my life and the girl next door, was in her last year at Pepperdine University. The pull of her was real and more intense as the days went by at Promises. I'd stayed away from Promises on purpose, knowing it was too close in proximity to her, to keep me from wanting to see her. Now there I was and there she was, just over the hill, and I felt the grip on my heart. I could have left Promises whenever I wanted, but I didn't have anywhere else to be. I wasn't sure about where I was headed or if I even wanted to make music. Though my notebooks were filled with lyrics and my head was filled with melodies, I'd yet to touch a guitar to string anything together. I wondered if Aly thought about me at all anymore. I had to come to terms that she'd ended up with Nathan, the guy that'd always been there to hold her up when we'd broken down - fuckin' Nathan. I had to give it to the guy; he never gave up. He loved her and treated her better than I ever did. She'd spat in my face when she found out that Sienna and I had been sleeping together - Yep, I'd done the unthinkable. I'd slept with my dead best friend's wife.
The thought of Sienna sent a wave of nausea through me.
I'm sorry, Dump.
Sienna and I had used each other in so many ways after Dump's death and my breakup with Aly. We'd both went to the first two-rehab facilities together, in and out, fucking around until it wasn't fun anymore. Sienna began losing major modeling gigs, and the band got dropped from our label. The media went to town with speculation about our supposed sordid relationship. Even though Aly and I weren't involved romantically, we maintained close contact, and the news sent her bursting through the doors of a Phoenix rehab facility. Sienna and I never admitted to anything. We'd kept our intimate moments to ourselves and let the media run amok, but when Aly confronted me, I told her the truth. That was the real end of our relationship, and the last time I'd talked to Aly.
A flutter to the right of my ear startled me, and I swatted the air, noticing two hummingbirds at the red bird feeder right above my head. I marveled at their hovering tiny bodies and nearly invisible wings.
"Thank you," I heard Bobby say, and I turned to see Lydia, one of the many staff counselors, pointing in my direction. A smile sprung to my face. Bobby looked great. I stood, and was surprised that my knees were a bit weak from excitement.
"Hey man!" I met him halfway, in the middle of the grey flagstone patio. We were the only ones outside. "Thank you, Lydia." I waved to her, and she vanished inside with a smile. "Welcome to my humble abode." I bowed.
Bobby grinned, looking around. "Can I smoke out here?"
"Yep."
"Do you mind?"
"Nope." I shook my head and I led him back to the table I'd sat at. "I'll just sit on this side so the breeze will carry that shit in the other direction." I'd always hated smoke, and blamed cigarettes for killing Dump. "I'm gonna keep sayin' it. Stop smokin'. I don't want to have to bury you for some cancer bullshit."
Bobby frowned and lit up anyway. "My dad smokes, my granddad smokes, and my great granddad smoked until he was eighty-nine. I'm goin' with good odds."
"Fair enough."
"Why are you still here?" He looked at me, perplexed, as he bit his cig between his teeth and lit it.
That's the million-dollar question. "Don't really have anywhere to be."
Bobby sucked on his cig, inhaling deeply, and blew out a stream of smoke. He nodded and smiled at me like he had a story to tell. He leaned towards me with his elbows on the table. "I came here to tell you I'm getting married."
A shock tingled at my fingertips. Wow. "Damn. Congratulations." I sat back into my wooden chair. "Holy shit, man. So you and Marshall?"
"Yeah." His eyes beamed with confirmation. "He popped the question two days ago. He's been a great fuckin' partner, Jake. I love him. He wants kids, and I kinda do, too, ya know."
I was truly happy for them. "I'm stoked for you. Seriously."
"You're the first person I've told."
Thinking about Marshall made me think about Aly. I was sure she knew they were getting married.
"When's the wedding?"
"June fourteenth." That was just around the corner, and as if Bobby read my mind he explained, "I know it's fast, but I'm leaving on tour and Marsh is going to Paris for an interview at some high profile fashion house." He waved his hand with raised eyebrows. "I should pay more attention."
"You guys going traditional? Like a real wedding?"
He nodded with a corny grin. "Marshall wants a wedding. I'm gonna let him do whatever he wants."
Having Bobby sitting right in front of me had me all jacked up with happiness. I hadn't felt uplifted in a long time. I almost forgot what it felt like. "Man, it's good to see you." I leaned in slapping my palms on the Beachwood table. Guilt crept up my spine, and I leaned back, shaking my head. "I'm sorry I haven't been communicating and you felt you had to drive over here."
He blinked twice, looking a bit serious. "I wanted to. I miss you, man. How are you?"
"I'm actually really good. Been writing a shit-ton, but not sure what I wanna do with it all."
Bobby sighed and snuffed out his cigarette in a little silver cup. His eyes searched mine, an indication he had more to say. "What? What else you got?"
"If Marshall really goes for a traditional wedding, I want you to be my best man."
"Sure. I'm down, man." I said enthusiastically. "And I'm gonna be the best godfather your kid will ever have. That is, if you'll allow me the honor."
Bobby chuckled. "Of course." He nodded, taking me in for a beat. "And you know if it's traditional, Aly will probably be Marshall's best chick."
This time, my hands and arms went numb and heat flashed over me. "Okay. Is what it is." I shrugged, sucking in a deep breath. I gestured with a serpentine wave of my arm. "Life rolls on."
Bobby's smile was tight. "And there's more."
My heart was already pounding like a jackhammer, and now it felt like it would pop out from my ear. "What?"
"Nathan asked Aly to marry him, and he may be at the wedding, too."
I could barely spit any words out, and felt like I was choking. I sprung up and walked to the mini-fridge next to the barbeque. Anger, jealousy and loss ignited in my stomach. Taking a can of Coke in my fist, I wanted to throw it through the window and watch the glass shatter like my heart. Instead, I sighed deeply, controlling my emotions, and took a big gulp as if it were a shot of whisky.
"Sorry man. I didn't know how else to say it." Bobby's shoulders inched upward, gesturing apologetically.
I belched unexpectedly and patted my chest. "Damn. I never drink this shit," I said, staring at the can and then back at Bobby. "You know she's right over the hill?" I pointed with the can in my hand. "That's why I haven't left here."
"I'm sorry." He said looking as pained as I felt. Fuckin' Nathan. I didn't want to ask if she'd said yes. I assumed she had; otherwise, Bobby wouldn't have said anything. My memory flashed with Aly's hurt, tearful, and angry face as I'd confirmed my despicable relationship with Sienna. She threw the ring I'd given her at my face.
I sniffed, took another drink, and cracked my neck. "Thanks for telling me." I held my can of Coke out to him. "Cheers to everyone's happy endings. I guess it's really time for me to move on."
But for some reason I couldn't, and I didn't understand why. I stayed at Promises for another two weeks, talking to Lydia about it. She told me to keep journaling and to play music again.
No shit.
***
I hadn't felt as clear-headed as I felt at that moment in years, looking out at the massive red Golden Gate Bridge. It was a warm summer day and the bay breeze cooled my sun-heated skin. I was being a full on tourist, standing there taking a picture of it with my camera phone. Then I decided to take a selfie. What the fuck, why not? I thought and I held the camera out at arms' length and smiled with the bridge behind me. My first selfie, all by myself. A new beginning. A new life, I thought. I'd not posted anything on social media in over three years, and decided this was as good of a time as any. I was working on a new solo record, and decided right then it was time to announce it.
"Marty," I called and strolled toward him, as I downloaded all the deleted social media apps back on my phone. "I'm going to announce my solo endeavor."
His eyes batted with surprise, and he pushed his glasses up on his nose. "Wow. Okay. Are you sure you're ready?"
"Yep. This day. This time. I finally feel a real sense of freedom and…" I breathed in happily. "Hope. I'm feelin' hopeful." I nodded and refocused on my task at hand.
Boom. I tapped post, and there it was, my mug on Instagram - the caption: I'm back! Get ready, Killas. New solo tracks are comin'. That post fed the rest of my accounts, and my phone began to explode with reply push notifications. It was music to my ears, and fire burst inside me. An excitement I'd thought I'd never feel again.
Marty stood next to me, smiling, taking his own pictures. He'd never been to San Francisco. I'd rehired Marty to drive me around and to be my wingman. With a conscious decision to move on from the past, to make amends with those I'd hurt so deeply, included my mother and Notting, I was more determined than ever to bury the past. I'd done so much damage, it was hard to choose where to begin, but I started with Marty.
I'd not driven a car since my third DUI. Two happened within a sixth month period, and I'd spent almost six months in jail with heavy fines and a massive settlement. Not that I couldn't drive; I just didn't want to. I'd almost killed a teenaged girl running a red light, t-boning her car a year and a half prior, and I had not touched a steering wheel since. The desire to be alone behind the wheel was a million miles away.
I swam in my eager thoughts of a new life, as I prepared to run face-first into my old life at Bobby and Marshall's engagement dinner. They'd moved to the little bay side town of Tiburon, just south of San Francisco. Marshall worked in San Francisco as a fashion design assistant, and Bobby still toured as a hired hand with various bands from time to time. The success from our band, Rita's Revolt, allowed Bobby a very comfortable life. Money from all of our music publishing would always be coming in, and it made me feel good that I'd made the choice to include him and Dump in the publishing rights, even though I'd been the one to write all of our songs. I thought of Sienna and sincerely hoped she was doing well. I didn't think she'd be at this dinner, but a bit of fear ran through me. I didn't want my past to cause any drama for Bobby and Marshall.
"Hey, Marty."
"Yeah?"
"Have you heard anything from or about Sienna?"
I strolled over to Marty, dodging a sea of Japanese tourists, young and old, exciting a tour bus. I smiled at the ones who'd stared at me, wondering if any of them would recognize me. Japan was one of our biggest fanbases, but if anyone did, no one said anything. I'd fallen off the face of the planet after Dump's death, and especially after that stunt at The Roxy with the song I'd made with Aly. Other than bad tabloid press - I'd vanished.
"No, I haven't." He shook his head with concern.
"Yeah. Me neither." Sienna told me to leave her alone. She'd apologized to me, as if it was all her fault we'd done the unthinkable. She'd said she wanted to start a new life, with none of us in it.
Marty looked at his watch. "We better get going."
My heart speed up. "It's now or never."
I had no idea what Aly looked like anymore.
***
The cool bay breeze rustled my hair, and my date's heels clicked on the cement sidewalk, echoing off the surrounding cottages. We snaked up and around a short hill to Marshall and Bobby's home, just a few blocks away from my small hotel. All I could think about was how it would all unfold. I just wanted to get it over with.
A horizontal dark wood fence surrounded a small well-maintained yard of a one-story contemporary home with Balinese accents. Little white lights were strung up the slender tree trunks of what looked like prehistoric bonsai trees, and cracked-glass lanterns the size of grapefruits hung throughout their branches.
When I stepped into the house, I wondered whom I'd see first. I turned into the vast living room. Oversized contemporary sofas and white upholstered chairs sat on sealed cement floors. Dark wood coffee tables and end tables sat upon groovy patterned blue area rugs. The ceiling was vaulted, and beams and silver ducts were exposed. Modern silver lighting fixtures hung down here and there, and cactus and succulent plants accented the sparse setting. It was an open floor plan, and the kitchen was at the far end.
I scanned the crowd, looking for Aly. She was somewhere near. I could feel it. I heard Marshall's voice and turned and the first set of eyes I met were Aly's. She smiled and waved. I did the same, and looked back at my companion, whose long blond hair flowed down her back over her black body-hugging dress. She was beautiful, no doubt. I wondered what Aly thought of seeing us together, and I looked around for Nathan. Instead, I spotted Nadine, Aly's best friend since high school.
"Alyssa!" Marshall's voice sang out, and I tried not to follow his movement. His hair was still lavender, and he wore a white button-up and cuffed white pants. His feet were bare, and his toenails were pink. "Look at you, you're so ravishing in that red dress! Holy moly! And when did you cut your hair! I love it!" Marshall cooed at Alyssa. It was hard for anyone not to stare at them.
Marshall was pinging off the walls, and Bobby went over to greet them with arms wide open, embracing Aly tightly. "You look great. Wow," he complimented Aly, putting his arm around Marshall's shoulders.
"Oh my God! Let me get a picture of you two! I'm so excited for you guys." Aly dug in her little black clutch, taking out a phone, and turned to place her bag on the arm of the sofa nearest her. She glanced up over the room, in my direction. I was staring at her, right over the shoulder of my date, and our eyes locked.
She looked away quickly and turned back to Marshall and Bobby. "Okay, get ready." She held the phone up clumsily. I could tell she was nervous, and it made me want to go to her. Bobby gave her a gentle smile and mouthed breathe.
"Nadine, will you please take our picture?" She jumped in the middle of Marshall and Bobby.
I couldn't take it anymore, and had to go say hello. I grabbed the hand of my date and strolled over to them.
"Long time, no see," I said, smiling, letting go of Lillianna's hand. I couldn't help but give Aly an adoring sweep with my eyes and extended my arms for a hug. I had to feel her. She didn't move. "Shorter hair suits you. Polished elegance. The lady in red is ravishing," I complimented, but she wasn't having it.
I tilted my head and then stepped to hug her. Aly loosely wrapped her arms around me and I breathed her in. "You're beautiful, but you know that," I said softly in her ear as I backed away. She looked flustered, and her cheeks were bright pink - Yes! I got to her.
Nadine introduced herself to my date, and they chatted politely enough, but I cringed, like a permanent tick, at Nadine's intrusive questions. Lilliana answered with light-hearted grace: "We're just friends. My name is Lilliana. I'm from Scandinavia. I'm a model."
I couldn't stop smiling at Aly and the forced enjoyment that was stamped on her face. I knew her so well. I could have laughed out loud. If it were like old days, she would have turned to me, mock barfing. It was killing her as much as it was killing me. The tension seemed to subside as we continued to break the ice, with the exception of me continuously glancing at Aly's hand, the one with the ring on it. I wondered if she noticed. It was as if she kept trying to hide it with her other hand.
Bobby announced that dinner was now ready and being served. He slid open doors that I thought were a wall, exposing another vast room that held two fourteen-person tables. They were elegantly decorated with vases filled with banana leaves and Birds of Paradise. Masculine granite-colored table settings were expertly placed.
"Open seating, my friends!" Marshall clapped his hands.
Aly didn't hesitate to sit down, and Nadine sat across from her. I couldn't help myself, and sat right next to Aly. My date sat across from me, next to Nadine.
"Well then. Seeing this is gonna get interesting." Nadine clucked her tongue and shot me a brief stare, one that Lilliana missed. "I'm gonna grab a bottle."
I gave a hearty laugh, and Lilliana laughed with me, even though she was totally clueless. Aly huffed. "Are you fucking with me? Leave me alone," she leaned over, whispering to me.
Aly glanced at Lilliana, who had zero idea what was happening. Lilliana struck up a conversation with a person behind her. It looked like someone Marshall worked with, a well put-together, stylish male. I'd seen them chatting earlier.
"I'm just happy to see you. Just trying to catch up," I said quietly, smirking. I wanted to waggle my eyebrows at her, but she would have probably knocked me out.
"Mmhmm." Aly took a big gulp of wine, trying to ignore me.
Nadine returned with the bottle she'd promised, clunking it down on the table.
As we sat, being served our salads, Nadine shared what she'd been up to, and so did I. We ate our dinner of Chilean sea bass and Asian-inspired stir-fry with saffron rice. I asked Aly every question I could think of about her school, her travels playing volleyball, her parents, and brother and sister, Kyle and Allison. I explained to Lilliana that Aly and I grew up next door to each other, and that was it. I didn't ask once about Nathan or the ring she wore. It was as if they didn't exist. Lilliana shared her latest travel adventure to Morocco—she had fallen off a camel and broke three ribs.
"I'm just starting to work out again. I gained so much weight," she said as she sipped her champagne.
Aly sighed, rolling her eyes at me, and excused herself with the empty bottle of wine. I got up a moment later and followed her. I walked into the kitchen and didn't see her right away. I searched the perimeter and noticed a nook off to the right of the kitchen. A wine chiller sat under the small counter, and Aly stood next to it. I looked around as I made my way toward her, making sure no one was watching me.
"Hey." I said, trying not to scare her. She glanced over her shoulder as I slid the door halfway shut. I could no longer see the kitchen. That meant no one could see us.
"Jake, what are you doing?" She turned back, focusing on opening the bottle. "Aren't you worried your date might come looking for you?"
"No." I kept my voice low.
"What do you want?" She practically whispered.
I stepped up next to her and leaned against the counter, watching her spin the opener into the cork. "I just wanted to say I'm sorry. One last, sober, time." I swallowed hard, trying to control myself.
She closed her eyes. "Okay."
"Let me help you."
I stepped behind her and wrapped my arms around her. Feeling her warmth shocked to life what I thought was dead. I knew she felt it too, because her breath hitched. I ran my hands over her smooth arms and held her hands in mine. She let go of the wine bottle and opener and laid her hands flat on the counter. I placed my palms on top of hers hands, coaxing our fingers to curl together. Then wrapped our arms together, around her.

2
Alyssa Montgomery. Aly. My Alycat, I thought as I held her. The ring Nathan gave her mocked me beneath my grip - 'I won. She's mine.'
Nah, not yet, motherfucker. Not until she says 'I do.'
I would ignore it. I wouldn't say one word about it. She wasn't married yet; that's all that mattered to me. Her little red dress accentuated her tiny waist just right. It beaconed me to take it in my hands, to spin her around to face me, but I remained still. She was killing me without even knowing; or maybe she did.
I'd mentally prepared to see her, one hundred percent. I'd convinced myself that she'd moved on after Bobby informed me of her engagement. It was just the kick in the pants I needed. I'd resigned myself to thanking her for fueling my musical fire; I had to give her that. Everything I'd written was a derivative of my experiences and longing for her. I knew this and looked forward to finding other inspiration. I'd never wanted that before. I had a new future in music, and I was devoted to healing and staying clean and healthy. I'd reinvented myself. This was what I'd believed, until I laid eyes on her again. The connection was instant. The invisible, unrelenting bond gripped and smothered me. I was pulled to her as if I had no control. I didn't have any control. When she stepped into the room, she radiated a force so extreme it rushed to me and swallowed me whole.
And now here I was…no control, holding her, hoping it wouldn't be the last time.
Having her in my arms again and filling my senses had me losing my mind. Standing behind her, I wanted to press my growing desire against her, but I abstained. She was fighting me, and then she wasn't. I knew she still wanted me, too; otherwise she would have turned, said something nasty, and left. She allowed me to touch her, to kiss her, and feel her skin without bolting from the small room. I knew she was as tortured as I.
When her voice quivered with the words - "I don't dream about you anymore." It stung, but I knew she was lying. Maybe she didn't dream of me as often, but I knew she did. Especially when I felt the longing release from her when her breath caught for a brief second.
I still had a chance.
I kissed her other shoulder and backed away, clearing my throat. "I'm sorry. I can't help myself."
She remained still for a long silent moment, finally facing me. Her eyes were glassy, and she was flushed. "I can't be here with you."
Yes you can, you can do whatever you want. "Have dinner with me when we get back to LA."
"You're not hearing me, Jake. I can't do this with you anymore. I had years to think about this." She twirled away from me, bewilderment cloaked her face. "I wanted this moment, right now, to happen. I prayed for it. Like all the other times." Her hands moved under her chin in prayer, and she stared at me long and hard. But instead of saying more, she moved to exit and slid the milky glass door all the way open. People in the kitchen looked in our direction, but went back to their business. "I don't want to spend the rest of my life on a roller-coaster, worrying if you're gonna freak again. Worrying if you're gonna…" She threw her arms out, vexed, and shook her head. "I'm happy you're sober. I love you, Jake. I always will."
She spun out the door, but I grabbed her hand and pulled her back in, embracing her. "For now," I whispered and kissed her forehead, letting her go. "It's not over until it's over." I almost pointed to the ring on her hand.
We didn't speak for the rest of the night, but I kept meeting her gaze.
Until next time.
The next morning, Marty packed his bags into the car as I sipped on my coffee, looking over the bay. "Aly's probably asleep in one of these little hotels."
"Mhmm. Where's Lilliana?" He changed the subject. I supposed he was over my obsession with Aly. I'm sure everyone was.
"She's staying. Visiting friends or some shit." I could care less about Lilliana. I'd only invited her because I thought Nathan would be there, guarding his treasure. I took him not being there as another sign of hope.
Marty grunted arranging the bags. He stomped his foot. "Are you gonna just stand there? Hand me your bags."
"Did you just stomp your foot?" I scoffed.
He rolled his eyes at me. "I'm tired. Hand me your bags."
"Why, Martin." I wagged my finger at him and bent to grab my bag. "Did you drink too much last night and fuck around with Nadine?" Marty ignored me, snatching my bag away from me, and it made me snigger. I tsk'd at him. "You don't wanna disappoint your parents by your continued hanky-panky with the likes of a non-Jewish girl, do you?"
He stood rigid, not amused by my teasing. He adjusted his glasses. "It's none of your business."
"Oh come on. I'm just fuckin' with you." I slapped him on the back kindly and shoved him out of the way. "Get in the car. I got this."
I could tell Marty wasn't feeling well. He was the most disheveled I'd ever seen him. He wasn't wearing his signature, neatly pressed button-up dress shirt. He wore a black zip hoodie over a t-shirt. That never happened. I wanted to offer to drive, but fear interceded. Maybe I'd try to drive around once I figured out where I'd be staying back in LA.
"Marty, man, sorry that I can't drive. I thought about it, and I need to…like, do it around a familiar hood."
He ran his hand over his head. "It's okay." He sighed. "We didn't sleep at all. I need at least seven hours' sleep. I'm never drinking that much again. She certainly loves that champagne."
I chuckled. "You can sleep on the plane."
"Yeah."
Marty was flying back to New York from San Francisco. He'd moved into the guestroom of the apartment Aly and I used to share after he'd helped Sienna clear all her shit out of there. I told him he just had to pay the utilities and make sure it was always ready for me to come home. I'd not set foot in the place since I hit rock bottom. I'd yet to sell it because of Aly. I almost put it on the market the day after Bobby told me about Aly and Nathan. Now I was glad I hadn't. I'd give it one last shot with Aly. No matter how long it took, until she married me, or someone else. If she married someone else, I'd sell it with everything in it, including the black and white portraits of her that'd traveled with me all over the world.
Would I really do that? I don't know. Maybe I wouldn't; probably not.
At the airport, I encountered a few fans and took a few pictures. The meaningful well wishes were uplifting, and they'd all mentioned the post I'd made of myself in front of the Golden Gate Bridge. They were all excited and looking forward to my new music. It'd been a long time since I'd casually interacted with fans.
I floated through the airport with a stupid smile on my face and actually said hello to a few people. I would have never done that in the past, ever. There was something to say about being twenty-five and living the kind of life I've led. I was a survivor. I had stories to share. I'd be sharing them soon enough. I rewound the conversation Marty and I'd had on the way to the airport:
"You need to come back in about a month."
"Jake. I can't be driving you around."
"Nah. I got that figured out. I'm gonna start this new solo project, and I want you to document it all. I want to share the good, the ugly, and the resurrection."
I finally got a smile from him.
I called my mom as soon as the plane touched down in Los Angeles, and she was beyond delighted to oblige. I'd avoided her and Notting for basically the last several years, ever since I'd found out that Notting was my real, biological father. I'd wanted to protect my mother from the knowledge of my cheating "father", Michael, a man with whom I'd spent a loving childhood. Michael died not knowing that I wasn't really his. What did it matter anyway? My mother had her own skeletons. It was just all so fucked up. I never really talked to her about the entire ordeal. The only person I really felt sorry for was Notting, and I wasn't sure I felt sorry anymore. He got his son and the love of his life, even though he'd waited thirty years.
Holy shit. Was that bound to be me?
Notting and my mother Kate reminded me so much of what I didn't want to address; everyone's infidelity, everyone's lies and secrets, including my own. Maybe if I took the time to actually invite my mom into my life…
Fuck. I want a real chance with Aly…or anyone, for that matter.
I almost said my thoughts out loud as I stood curbside waiting for my mom, looking around as if people would be reading my mind. It was hot, and the mixture of heat and the smell of jet fuel and car exhaust nauseated me. I hadn't stood curbside since I don't remember when…probably high school, usually because it would have been too crazy with fans. Today I took it all in stride, and stood for pictures and signed autographs. I'd never asked anyone's name before, but as I stared up from the black ink that stained the blue piece of paper I held in my hand, I decided, what the hell.
Happy brown eyes sparkled at me over a grin so big, it tugged at my heart. A teenaged girl with wavy black hair bounced on her toes. I winked at her as she took the paper from my hand.
"How old are you?" I knew I probably shouldn't have asked that, and before I could apologize, her words rushed out so fast I couldn't help but smile.
"Fourteen." She bounced. "I'm gonna be fifteen next month. Thank you so much. I had to do a double-take standing at the baggage carousel. I was like, is that! Wait, is that?" She cocked her head with grand gesture. "Oh my God, that's…and it's you! Thank you! Can I take a picture with you?"
I chuckled. "Sure."
Our faces appeared on the screen of her phone, and she snapped three times.
"Okay thanks so much! Your music changed my life. I'm so happy you're okay. I prayed so hard for you, because you're so amazing you don't even know!" She hugged me so quickly and took off.
I barely had a chance to wave before another person came up to me. There was a small crowd for about twenty minutes before I realized my mom had pulled up, and she was watching the whole scene. For the first time since I was a senior in high school, I'd interacted with every single fan that wanted a moment with me.
I was stoked to be home, my real home. It was also a bittersweet moment, because Aly's house seemed to mock me when I got out of the car and stared at it. It looked the same as it ever did, but she wasn't inside it. She lived in Malibu with roommates, apparently. When she'd shared that bit of info with everyone at the dinner table the night before, I wanted to ask if she had her own room. She probably did, and I surged with jealousy at the thought of Nathan in her bed.
"Where's Notting?" I wondered when I didn't see his truck in the driveway when we pulled in.
"He's at work."
"What?" I was shocked. He didn't have to work anymore. "Where's he workin'?"
"He's been consulting at an agency in Beverly Hills. He's bored."
***
I lay on my mother's bed and sunk into her pillows. The smell wasn't the same. I used to come into my mom's room when I was younger. It would make me feel safe, like everything would be okay. It wasn't just hers anymore; it was Notting's, too—yet it gave me the same safe, homey feeling as it did all those years ago.
My mother startled when she noticed me. "Oh geez, Jake!" she gasped, holding her chest. "I didn't expect you to be there. What are you doing? Are you feeling okay?"
Her hand covered my forehead and moved to my cheeks.
"Am I okay?" I gave her a worried look.
A wry grin popped to her lips. "Your temperature is okay." She pulled the hair from her shoulders into a ponytail, wrapping it up into a bun, all the while giving me a long, loving once-over. "I'm happy you're here. I pray every day you'll have another day on this Earth."
My nose burned instantly, and I swallowed the little lump in my throat. Instead of my usual negative outburst or condescending remark, I accepted her love. "I know."
I nodded and bent to sit up. Ouch. My balls were getting squished. I pulled at the waist of the black board shorts I wore, tearing open the Velcro fly closure, loosening the snug fit. I'd gained a few healthy pounds, more muscle from working out. I probably should stop trying to fit into my high school clothes. I hadn't worn a pair of board shorts in more years than I could count, and I hadn't stepped in sand in probably just as long.
"I love you, Mom."
She gave me a soft, crinkly-eyed smile. My beautiful mother was getting older. She'd looked younger than her years for more years than I could count, but finally, the years were knocking. I couldn't help but feel deep guilt for being a pain in the ass. No doubt her worry over me had helped carve the lines on her face.
"I love you, too," she said, and crawled underneath the covers next to me.
"I'm sorry for everything. I know I've said sorry so many times it doesn't mean anything anymore." The words made me think of all the times I told Aly I was sorry, too.
She patted my arm. "I know you're sorry. Let's not dwell. It's taken me a long time to let go of the past, and I just want to keep looking forward."
Me too. "Does Notting always come home late?"
"Not usually, no."
I tucked my arms behind my head. "Mom."
"Yes."
"Did Notting ever tell you that we've talked?"
"Of course, you know that." She rolled over onto her side to face me. "But he never shared, in depth, what was said. Just that you two bonded. It was actually a contention between us for a long time, him keeping your confidence."
I inhaled deeply. My heart began to thump rapidly, and I cleared my throat. "Mom. Did you ever hear that Dad cheated on you?"
Hearing her exhale heavily, I turned my head to see her wounded eyes staring back at me. She bit down on her bottom lip and said, "I'll assume you did, or you wouldn't be asking."
"Did you believe it? Or did you know?"
She tipped back onto her back and bent her knees up. "I knew."
"And you just let him get away with it? How long did you know?"
She pushed herself up and gathered the pillows against the padded cream-colored headboard, thinking.
"I'm sorry. You don't have to answer that. It was a long time ago, and you've moved on, finally." I reached over, rubbing her arm. "I'm happy for you and Notting, no matter what the story is."
Her eyes pooled with tears, and she wiped them away with a swipe of her hands. Her words came out slowly as she pulled her knees to her chest. "I think because of what you're going through with Alyssa, you understand the complexity of what some people go through when being in love. Not everyone has a hard time. They meet someone and it's just that one person. There's no fight from another, no third party, or love triangle. I loved Michael very much, we had a great life together, but in the end I'm not really sure why I chose him. I hate to say it was a mistake."
But it was a mistake. I was Notting's son, not Michael's, I wanted to say. I was riveted by her words. It was the most open she'd been about her life before me, and I wanted to know more—her side.
To my surprise, she remained open, and spoke more. "Are these the things Notting shared with you? Did he tell you about Michael?" she asked cautiously.
"No. Did he know?" I asked pointedly, thinking maybe he did know and that's why he stuck around, waiting for her to find out on her own. But then my dad was killed in a car accident, and I thought she'd never find out. I'd kept that agonizing secret, that ate away at me, for nothing.
"We never discussed it," she shrugged, and her chest heaved with a sigh. "Jake, I have so much culpability in how our relationship came to pass." She reached over, taking my hand, and rested it on her stomach. "You're my greatest accomplishment, and Michael loved you very much. He said the same thing about you." She released my hand and cupped the sides of her cheeks as she attempted to hold back tears. "I didn't know. I really didn't know that you could have been Notting's son. I look into your eyes and see mine. I…but now that you're a grown man…" She closed her eyes and shook her head. "The older you got, I'd see you standing next to Notting…it was so obvious. You're built just like him. You have his hands. I didn't want to think about it, I…I pushed it so far down until I couldn't take it anymore. I just had to know, so I took a paternity test."
Tears dripped from her eyes. "Michael always felt like he'd won. He was proud and arrogant. Notting saw me first. He was so sweet, nothing like Michael, in the Cavern in Liverpool. I was so young. Michael and him were best friends, and…well, everything happened the way it happened." She sank, exhausted from the memories. "Michael took care of me. He dominated me."
"Mom…" I squeezed her hand. "As much as I wanna know. If it's too difficult to talk about…"
"No. You have to know. It wasn't until I had you that I found my voice, and Notting was always there to listen. He was my biggest advocate, and after a while, Michael just faded into his own world. Notting gave me the courage to stand up to Michael." She hugged my hand to her chest and kissed my knuckles. "You don't need to know all the pessimistic details. Here we are. As it should have been."

3
It'd been several months since I last saw Aly. The last time I'd seen her was at Bobby and Marshall's wedding in June, and she'd attended with Nathan. There wasn't much to say about it, other than she looked gorgeous in a cerulean strapless dress. It killed me to spy Nathan fawning over her. I left as soon as I made the rounds at the reception. I didn't even bother saying hello to her, just tried to pretend they didn't exist.
I'd been keeping track of Aly through her brother Kyle once again, just like I did during our three-year separation while Aly was still in high school. My big plans to inject myself back into her life backfired when I found out she would be away playing beach volleyball in some foreign country all summer. Then my new aspirations at a solo career took me back to Britain until right before Christmas.
Six months flew by in a blink of an eye.
During that time, Kyle went and got married in Vegas. Nothing eventful. No one was there, and he'd settled in Hermosa Beach, the next town over. He had a baby on the way. I couldn't image myself with a kid. I was only twenty-five, after all. Who does that anymore? I guessed Kyle did. His wife was the epitome of the sexy librarian. Lacey was her name, and he'd met her at his tech job. She was of average size and had a decent figure, though she hid beneath knee-length skirts and oversized blouses. When I first met her, I'd recognized something bubbling beneath the surface. Her pouty pink lips and almond-shaped green eyes caught my attention. I was stoked for Kyle.
I wondered if my generation was getting married younger than my parents' generation; first Marshall and Bobby, and now Kyle and Lacey, not to mention Dump and Sienna right out of high school. It just seemed so early to choose whom you'd spend the rest of your life with. Yet there I was, ready to marry Aly if she walked through the door and said yes. I had zero interest in a relationship with anyone else. Sure, I wanted to get laid and have a good time, but nothing else. I pondered the difference between all of us being ready to settle down, versus Aly being against it. My stomach curled with resentment that she was now engaged, ready to marry Nathan. But what did I expect? I put so much bad energy out there, I wouldn't have wanted to marry me either.
There I was back at home, like a teenager, depending on other people to give me rides. Notting was even back into pseudo-managing me.
Full circle.
I kicked my feet up onto the padded leather ottoman in front of me and watched Notting's tattoos dance on his arms as he wrestled with some of my mother's painting canvases. Seeing his tattoos made me touch my own unfinished tribute to Aly. Looking at it, I wanted it finished. The strands of hair needed a blue outline, the same blue that filled the music notes.
"Not, you know this is the first time in my life that I don't feel any pressure. Like zero." I strummed the chords, plucking a tune I'd been mixing with some lyrics. "I think I'm gonna finally finish this tattoo, too," I announced, with one last strum, and then slapped my left bicep.
He swiveled his seat to face me and moved the blank canvas he had between his legs, leaning it against the sofa arm. He'd been screwing in metal wall mounts into the wood of the canvas' frame. My mother was on a new kick. She'd begun painting.
"Life is good, eh?" He smiled, and his handsome face folded together like an accordion. His new reading glasses balanced on the tip of his nose. I saw myself in him. I had his teeth.
I bobbed my head. "So-so, but better than before. There's no struggle." Except for Aly.
He stood and adjusted his black wide-legged sweat pants. "I've been talking to your old booking agent."
I perked up. "And?"
"They're ready when you are."
I held my breath. "Okay." I was nervous, and I found it odd, almost like it would be my first time on stage. I'd played to sold-out stadiums and for millions of people watching award shows, but this was something new. I wasn't sure when I'd be ready. I'd never been on stage without my friends.
Notting looked at me fondly over his rimless glasses with a smile, as if he'd read my mind. "We'll hire a drummer and a bass player and go from there. Simple."
***
Gabe Sherman was serious about his job. He was precise. He was stoic. He was articulate, and most of all, accommodating. He had to be, I supposed; he was my driver. A handsome Clint Eastwood-lookalike, he'd worked for the same limo service for over twenty years, which catered to studio executives and A-list celebrity clientele. Gabe was directly recommended to me by one of the new producers I was working with on my solo project. He was also the driver for several rock and music legends when they came into town. Gabe and I developed a similar relationship as I had with Marty, part friendship and part business.
It was nearly show time.
The famed Hotel Café in Hollywood with its dramatic red curtains was the stage backdrop. That's where Notting had arranged for me to play my debut solo gig. I had to admit I was excited, and a bittersweet sensation crawled over me as I thought about Dump. I was thankful Bobby was back home from his last tour, and he was more than stoked when I asked if he'd play with me. We'd practiced, and then hired a guy Bobby recommended, Trev Stoneham, aka Stoney, as a drummer. It was nearly like old times - in my garage at first; then we moved to a rehearsal space.
Six weeks later, the day came. Load in at Hotel Café was at 5:30 PM, and it was about 4 PM on a Thursday in mid-March. Cool and breezy, the trees rustled with each bluster of wind, and dark clouds began to roll in. I hoped it wouldn't rain too hard or too long. I didn't want the fans to get soaked. I'd heard there was a line at the venue trailing down the street. It'd begun forming at around noon. I was elated and relieved. There was a bit of fear in me that no one would come, since I'd fallen off the face of the planet in complete scandal.
I'd arranged for Gabe to drive me for the evening, and he'd pulled up right in front of my driveway. I stood in my garage, packing my very first acoustic guitar in its case, and rubbed its glossy surface. Every time I picked her up, she sang to me in an authentic, fine voice, so different than any of my other guitars. It would be the first time I'd be performing on stage with her, she was my most prized possession, and I thanked God I'd left her in her case that one time, thinking back to when I'd busted my other acoustic guitar in a doped-up mad rage over something stupid - well, I didn't think it was stupid at all, but still. She was the one that wrote all those hit songs with me, and now the world was going to finally meet her.
As I was loading my guitar and backpack into the backseat of Gabe's black Escalade, time stopped. A car I didn't recognize pulled into Aly's driveway. My mouth went instantly dry. I didn't notice the driver, only her in the passenger seat.
Was she with Nathan?
I leaned into the back seat and unzipped my backpack, pretending to look for something, peering out the back window. Then relief flooded through me when I saw Allison, Aly's older sister, step from the driver's side.
I backed out of the truck and looked over at them. Allison was waving wildly at me, smiling cheerfully. I couldn't really place Aly's expression, but it sat between shock and joy. I waved back, shutting the door and slowly trudged back toward my garage. I wanted so badly to go say hello to them, but I didn't want to be intrusive.
"What?" Allison's voice sparked, and I turned, smiling. She threw her arms out. "You're not gonna come and say hello? I haven't seen you in like…years!"
My heart raced so fast that I couldn't feel my feet as I walked toward her. She was bursting with elation in her prim office attire. It warmed my heart that she was so happy to see me. Allison met me halfway on the sidewalk and hugged me tightly when she got ahold of me. I closed my eyes. When I opened them, I couldn't help by look in Aly's direction. She'd moved to the trunk of the car, throwing me a gingerly smile. I wanted to kill myself. She'd gotten more gorgeous, if that was even possible. She was in workout gear, as usual, showing every bit of her natural beauty.
"How the hell are you?" Allison slapped my shoulder, grabbing my attention.
I chucked, focusing back on her. "I'm great."
"You look great." She motioned at me with her hands. "So what's up? Are you living back here?"
I looked back at my house. "Just temporary." My eyes drifted to Aly to see if she was watching us, she was. I drew in a deep breath. "How are you, what've you been up to?"
"Just surviving at my sucky job." She laughed, rolling her eyes. "Not really. It's okay. I just wish I'd hit the lotto."
"Right?"
"Just picked this kiddo up from the dealership. Her car needed some TLC."
My insides fluttered, staring over at Aly.
Allison's eyes roamed over me with a smirk on her face, and she looked back at Aly. "Alyssa, get over here." She waved her arm and looked back at me. "Just because you two aren't together anymore doesn't mean you can't be civil and grown-up about it."
Fuck.
Aly reluctantly strolled over to us. "Hey."
I tipped my head with a playful grin. I couldn't help myself. "Get over here."
I reached for her hand, and her cool fingers wrapped around mine, sending a deep charge through me. I'd noticed immediately she wasn't wearing the ring Nathan gave her. I told myself that didn't mean anything as I pulled her to my chest, hugging her. She'd probably taken the ring off to work out. That's what most people did.
"What are you doing?" She pointed to Gabe's truck. "Is that yours?"
I shook my head no. "It's my driver."
Aly and Allison both nodded, more than likely remembering how I'd almost killed someone the last time I was behind the wheel.
"Where you off to?" Allison gave me a strange look, almost like she knew. Maybe she did, but I wasn't going to say anything.
"I'm just taking care of some music stuff, you know."
Allison gave me a tight grin. She knew, she nodded, and Aly looked between us, confused. "What's up?"
"I've got to get going." Allison said, changing the subject. "Gotta say hi to Mom before I leave, too, or I won't hear the end of it."
Allison disappeared behind their tall courtyard gates. "Uh, okay, well." Aly sighed, closing her mouth, and a bit of dejection overcame her. She crossed her arms, rubbing her bare shoulder. "It's freezing. It was great seeing you."
"Yeah, you too." I lingered on that last word, wanting to say more, but she turned and trotted back to the trunk of Allison's car, taking out her own black backpack and a brown Trader Joe's shopping bag. We'd waved our goodbyes and I shuffled back to Gabe, who was leaning against the side of his truck, watching the whole thing. I'd yet to share with him any real information about my life. He didn't seem like the type to buy tabloid mags, seeing as he had the type of clientele who usually appeared on the covers.
"Awkward, yeah?" He scratched his head, feeling it.
Maybe he did know what was going on.
"Yep."

4
The line outside The Hotel Café was thick, and the excitement charged through me, erasing any anxious feelings I had about the show, or Aly, for that matter. As soon as I opened the car door, fans began to scream, waiving excitedly. I waved in return, bowing my head with hands in prayer, thanking them as I was whisked into the side door. Bobby arrived alone, still looking the same has he always had, tucking his pack of cigs in his back pocket. He wore a worn-out t-shirt and black Levi's, and dirty-worn out Van's tennis shoes. Marshall's fashion sense had certainly not affected his husband in the least.
We did our sound check, and Bobby, Stoney and I discussed what would go down during the show. I explained to them how Marty would be filming our performance. Gabe stood off near the loading area door, waiting for his wife and a friend. He'd asked if he could invite them to meet me - "My wife loves your music…"
What could I say? I was humbled. Bobby asked what the plans were for my music, and I explained to him and Stoney that I didn't have anything firm, that the show was just about feeling it out, filming it, and releasing the footage - throwing the cards up to see where they fell.
I'd removed myself from an intense political conversation Bobby began to have with Stoney, whom you wouldn't think would know anything of politics by the way he looked, all long-haired heroin chic - though he was sober. I was dead-set on having only recovering and/or non-users or drinkers in my camp. As soon as I'd heard Congressman blah blah blah, The White House, this, that, and the other roll off Stoney's tongue, I dashed to grab something to drink.
Marty finally arrived, clumsily making his way through the side door with his camera bags and tripods. A camera dangled from his neck; he must have been outside snapping shots. I watched with amusement as he began setting up his cameras to record the new lease on my musical life. Everybody in attendance had a chance to be captured on camera and to appear in the video. The video would be used to announce my solo career to the masses and the music industry. This was just between a handful of people. Though the rumor mill was churning, I had everyone hanging with anticipation.
As I stood at the bar, I watched Gabe usher two dark-haired women out from the back of the stage area. I wondered which one was his wife, when my eyes were drawn to the taller one in particular. She was one of the most gorgeous women I'd ever laid eyes on, a statuesque, raven-haired, fair-skinned beauty. I could see her ocean-blue eyes from where I stood, and her lips were full and pink, yet they didn't look false at all. Her eyes shimmered in the light as she looked around in a bit of awe.
I stood taller and smoothed my shirt when I saw Gabe point in my direction. The other fairy-featured woman with short, shoulder-length brown hair, led the way. I assumed she was Gabe's wife. She beamed up at me when Gabe introduced her. She was a whole head shorter than her friend.
"Jake, this is my wife Margo and her friend Grace."
Grace, indeed.
I smiled at the both of them and extended my hand to Margo. "It's nice to meet you. Thank you for coming."
Margo grasped my hand, shaking it vigorously. "I love your music. I always have, since your early days. I told Gabe here when we first saw you play, when you were just a teen…watch out for that kid." She wagged her finger at me. "We saw you play at Gibson Theater, which is something else now…" she looked up thoughtfully, trying to recall the new name. "Well anyway, you know, at one of those awards shows. Gabe was driving someone famous."
Margo giggled and looked at her friend, finally releasing my hand, and I extended it to Grace. She placed her delicate hand in mine, and I felt as if it would snap if I squeezed too hard. "Grace." I bowed my head; I wasn't sure why, feeling compelled, like she was royalty. She smiled faintly at me. "Thank you for coming," I said. The urge coming out of nowhere, I brought her hand to my mouth, kissing the top of it. She tilted her head toward me, and I dropped her hand gently.
"You're too kind, Jake." This time the smile reached her eyes, and she blushed. This warmed me, and not in a sexual way. There was something about Grace. I glanced at Gabe and Margo, and they both wore satisfied expressions.
Margo clapped her hands. "Let's get a drink." Just as she spoke and moved to the bar, the venue opened their doors and people began to fill the room and I excused myself.
I lurked around the heavy red curtain, side-stage, to watch Grace. She moved with finesse, and there was a despairing allure about her. I wondered how old she was; she looked quite a bit younger than Gabe and slightly younger than Margo.
I noticed she wasn't wearing a wedding ring.
***
"Thank you all for coming," I spoke into the mic. Hoots, whistles and clapping filled the small room.
The venue was a sit down kind of joint, where people sat at cocktail tables with candle centerpieces, to watch performances. Tiny metal lanterns hung from the ceiling, with cutout designs casting a dim light. Standing room was in the back or off to the side. I heard someone shout out Bobby's name, and cheers from a small group off to the left got Bobby waving. More clapping ensued.
I cleared my throat and looked at Bobby. "I gotta thank this guy. The last time he played with me, I think I may have mowed some of you people down in that audience, when I jumped off the stage and ran out the door…and never came back." Laughs filled the room. "Nah, but on a serious note, thanks for being here. Things are different, and I'm stoked to have you all sharing this moment with me, and to have Bobby playing with me." I gestured to Bobby, on the verge of getting emotional; then my eyes landed on the audience, specifically on Grace.
She was staring at me thoughtfully, with such a reverence that it touched me to my core. I could barely take my eyes off of hers. The silence stirred me. "That's Stoney back there. I'm sure some of you know who he is; he's played with some great bands." He raised his sticks, and clapping and hollers permeated all around. "Thanks, man, for being here for the cause."
I sucked in a breath and continued, "On a business note, all of you that are here should have filled out a Photo Release Form. If you haven't, please raise your hand, and Marty over there will bring you one."
About twenty people raised their hands, and Marty and a few venue staff quickly got the documents signed and collected all of the forms from everyone in the room. "This is going to be a very special evening. Thank you for wanting to be a part of it…some of you will be getting your close-up."
The Hotel Café erupted in applause.
I strummed my girl, and the vibration from her caressed my arm and inched its way through my entire body. The more intensely I stroked her strings, one by one, people began to disappear from the room, until the only two people that were left were Grace and I.
That moment made me fall in love with music all over again; there was no separation from my heart and my hands. The pure bliss of watching Grace enjoy my emotionally raw lyrics from song to song, playing out my love and my pain for Alyssa and Dump, for my mother and Notting, and my taboo time with Sienna. My melodies cascaded over Grace, bringing her to tears.
When I was finished, the crowd's intensity brought me back to the ground. "There's my soul. I just laid it out for all of you."
***
I slipped on a clean dry t-shirt, and all I could think about was Grace and how emotional she'd gotten. I needed to see her and thank her for making the night so special for me. I couldn't recall ever affecting a grown woman in such a way. I didn't get that chance to see Grace again. She and Margo left as soon as my set was over.
"Gabe, what's Grace's story?" I inquired as nonchalantly as I could as we drove home. "She got all emo, you know."
There was such a long silence that I thought he didn't hear me, but as soon as I opened my mouth to repeat myself, he spoke. "Grace's husband died almost two years ago."
My stomach sank. "Damn." I shook my head, disturbed by this knowledge.
"This was the first time she's been out of the house."
What? "Gabe, she's had to go out of the house."
"Other than taking her kid to school." He glanced at me, gripping the steering wheel. "She has a young son, about four years old now…" His voice trailed off.
"No wonder she lost it, hearing some of my songs." Love, loss and death filled them.
"Yeah," he said somberly.
For the next week, I stood over Marty, hovering like a drone, watching him edit the footage from the performance. I was ecstatic. The sound and picture quality were insanely good, and I'd become obsessed with watching Grace.
"Send me stills of her." I pointed at the massive Apple monitor we had set up in my mother's spare bedroom. I'd arranged for Marty to have whatever he needed, like he would have had back in New York. I wanted the work done in front of me. I was now a micro-manager.
He nodded. "She's stunning. I don't think I've ever seen anyone so perfect. She's perfect."
"She's pretty amazing."
"How old is she?" he asked.
"Thirty-nine."
"Geez." Marty scratched his head. "She looks younger than that. I would have guessed ten years younger."
I nodded and wondered if I'd ever see her again, seeing that she lived in my town, albeit as a recluse. I pondered Grace's existence and my own, and thought about Aly. Kyle informed me that she was finally graduating from college in May. I would be there to watch her walk, Nathan or not. I didn't plan on letting her go so easily. Not until she was married to him.
Maybe I would change her mind.
Feeling as if I'd conquered climbing Mount Everest, I collapsed onto the sofa in my mother's house. I finally felt like I could go back to New York. It was now mid-April and warming up in the city. The release of my video, I Am Here, exploded with more than a million views in a matter of hours. Within two weeks, it had over a hundred million.
I was back.

5
The thick white creamer splashed into my black coffee as I stirred it in slowly, swirling it around like a pinwheel, finally turning it a caramel color. I was at some obscure coffee house, filled with tired-looking screenwriter types staring at their laptops, on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, California. Gabe, my driver, dropped me off to meet Bobby, who was staying just up the street. Bobby was my childhood friend, and a member of my band Rita's Revolt…well, my former band. Now, after nearly ten years, millions of records sold, my drummer dying from cancer and my complete fall from grace (amongst other fucked-up shit), I was now a solo musician and Bobby had begun playing bass for me again. I'd hired a pretty cool dude, Stoney, as my drummer (RIP Dump). Stoney was the type of seasoned hand that I needed in my life - and he was sober. A recovering drug addict, like me.
I dug my phone out of my pocket to check the time. It was 4 PM on a warm spring day in April. I spun around to catch a few people staring at me, smiling politely. I couldn't get away from the recognition, but at least most of the people in this town left me alone, as the locals were used to seeing their fair share of celebrity types - it was Hollywood, after all.
I found a wobbly two-top table next to the wall of windows with a street view and planted my ass in a wooden seat, checking out the scene a bit more. Every other person in line had a dog, from a yellow lab to a tiny toy-like Shih Tzu puppy. They were all well behaved, with wagging tails and smiles on their snouts. A dog town, I thought, just like my town, Manhattan Beach. I dug when establishments didn't get all freaked out about dogs. I loved dogs, and wanted one some day, when I settled down.
Settle down.
I looked out the window, searching for Bobby, as I thought of Marty (my assistant, videographer, journalist-turned-friend) back in New York, living in my apartment. The apartment that I'd acquired to settle down with Alyssa…Aly…my Alycat. My childhood friend and next-door neighbor, turned obsession, turned love of my life. I owed all my success to her, literally. Every song, every pang, every detail of my life was spun around her. Our lives would forever be entwined because of friendships. Her other best friend, Nadine, was still seeing Marty - an incestuous petri dish of relationships.
I laid my phone on the table and pressed the button to check the time again; it was 4:13 PM.
Where the fuck was he?
I sent a text to Bobby - ??
He replied - AROUND THE CORNER

I spotted Bobby walking briskly toward the front door, smoking a cigarette. He looked a bit more put together than he normally did, as in…not homeless, in torn and fraying garments. I'd never seen him in sweatpants before, these were the fashionable kind of peg-legged pants, black with a white strip going down the side of each leg. He wore new black Converse tennis shoes and a fitted white v-neck tee shirt. I smiled, amused; Marshall finally got to him. He stopped short, throwing down his cig, stomping it out. For a second, I thought he was going to leave the butt there, but he picked it up and tossed it in the city trashcan on the corner - good boy.
When he arrived at the table, I couldn't help but give him a hard time. "Isn't it against the law to smoke on these streets?"
He looked around. "Fuck'em," he murmured, dipping his head and chuckling. "They can sue me."
"You're lookin' snaz," I smirked, crossing my legs.
"You like?" He tugged at his v-neck. "I thought I might as well wear the clothes Marshall keeps buying me. He left me no choice when he packed my bags and didn't put any of my old shit in there." He shrugged. "I actually don't mind lookin' good."
He'd mentioned it to me several times after he moved up north that he'd have to invest in a new wardrobe if he wanted to fit in with Marshall's friends. Not that he really cared, but Marshall did.
"What? Time to grow up?" I teased. "And throw away the sneaks you've been wearin' since high school?"
He clutched his chest in mock pain. "My babies? Who have carried me a million miles all over the world? Never!" he threw up his arm and pointed to the sky in animated conviction. "I'll never grow up."
I laughed. "Me either, man."
Bobby yanked on the chair pulling it out and sat down. "So what's this all about?" He leaned in intently. "We're going in to record those songs, right? In a couple of days?"
"Yeah, and some journalist wants to interview me, and I thought you should be here, too. I know he'll probably be more interested in the past, than my future."
"I wouldn't say that, man." Bobby tried to be optimistic.
A guy named Glen Lim, a Huffington Post and Rolling Stone contributor, met us a short while later. A fortyish, athletically slender white dude with blonde hair - Huh? His last name threw me off. I was expecting an Asian dude. Glen reminded me more of a pro-golfer than a music journalist. I'd read many of his articles, but never knew what he looked like. He was nervous, jittery in fact, and I found it odd, considering his long list of exclusives with music greats. Maybe he'd had too much coffee.
He introduced himself to Bobby and I with a damp hand, and for the first fifteen minutes, he stuck to talking about the video Marty produced from the Hotel Café show. Then Glen began treading lightly on my rocky road, and I was as gracious as I could be with answers, until he asked about Sienna and if any of the rumors of our affair were true.
I stiffened and cast a glance to Bobby, who scowled at Glen. Poker face, I thought before I spoke. "Sienna and I were very close, Glen. People can assume what they want about us." I shrugged. "I haven't seen Sienna in a few years. We primarily keep in touch by texts here and there. She knows where I'm at if she ever needs me."
"I recently met with her to discuss her book deal. You must know she's written a book titled, With the Band - it's about her life and time with Rita's Revolt."
No, I didn't know, and all the tendons in my body tightened. I nodded and forced a smile. "Good for her. I've heard embarking on a project like that can help you heal." I sighed, crossing my legs. "You know, Sienna and I went through a few rounds of rehab together. We were, unfortunately, each other's enablers for a while, until we parted and got serious about our recovery. I love Sienna. Tough times make people do crazy shit…but much like my solo endeavor, it's all self-therapy, and I think she'd be able to share some interesting, fun facts about her time with us and her life with her husband, Dump."
Glen smiled satisfied and continued. "Sienna explained that there'll be a big surprise for Jake Masters' fans, saying she can't deny the truth any longer."
"Sounds like we'll all have to wait for the surprise." I chuckled, making sure the sincerity reached my eyes, though I was far from happy about what Sienna had decided to share in her new book. I wondered if Glen was just baiting me. Why would Sienna talk about our time together? It would make her look bad, too. I pushed it from my mind, but Bobby had other ideas after Glen departed.
Bobby and I sat silently staring at each other for several minutes after Glen took off. "Is there anything you need to tell me?"
I almost choked. I swallowed and took a drink of my coffee, which was now grossly cold. The only person I should have been really concerned about knowing what really went down with Sienna was Aly, and she already knew the truth. Did I really care if the whole world knew how fucked up I was?
"I'm not the same person, Bobby. Anything that Sienna has to share about me was when I was fucked up on drugs, and so was she." I stood and stepped toward the trash receptacle, tossing my empty cup inside. "Is what it is. I just hope she focuses on all the good times and the love of her life."
"It's true, what they're saying, isn't it?" Bobby eyed me skeptically.
I gripped the back of the chair I'd been sitting in and leaned over it, balancing on tense arms. "Bobby I'm not proud of some of the things that went on between Sienna and me, okay? We were both fucked up, and now we're not."
Bobby's eyes drifted over me, trying to read my mind and the meaning of what I'd decided to share with him. He just nodded his head dolefully, and it made my stomach curl. "Okay." That was all he said.
We walked back to his townhouse a few blocks away, the one that Marshall used to occupy when they'd first started dating. I didn't want to wait around at the coffee house for Gabe to pick me up, so I sat on Bobby's blue velvet couch, tapping out a text to Sienna—first a long one, telling her what I'd heard. And then I erased it and went with:
- THINKIN' ABOUT YOU. I HOPE THINGS ARE GOOD.
I stared at the screen until Gabe's text interrupted my duress.
"Bobby. I'm out!" I shouted. He came out from his bedroom, wiping his hands with a white hand towel. I threw a thumb over my shoulder. "Gabe's here."
"Alright. See ya tomorrow."
I stalled for a moment. I wanted to better explain myself about Sienna, but Bobby held his hand up, stopping me. "Dude. I'm not the one you have to worry about. I'm not gonna judge you."
I bowed my head. "Thanks, man."
Gabe and I drove back in near silence to my mom's, and all the while, I held my phone, waiting for Sienna to reply. I'd talked myself into going on the defense, in a tactical sort of way. I was going to get ahead of any potential damage. I'd written a song about us, about all the speculation. About our grief and loss, finding comfort in each other. I hadn't debuted it during my set at The Hotel Café, but now I would. I'd be meeting Bobby to rehearse and go over the songs we'd be recording over the next week. That song would now be included.
We pulled down into our downtown neighborhood. I spotted the Von's supermarket on the corner, and it reminded me that my mom asked me to stop for eggs, I'd been eating hardboiled eggs like nobody's business, trying to stick to a protein diet as much as possible. I remembered looking at her like she was crazy, feeling like I was fifteen again. I'd usually smart off, making some excuse as to why I couldn't run an errand for her, but this time I told her, no problem.
I pointed. "Pull over at the Von's. I need to grab something for Kate."
I made quick business of grabbing a carton of eggs and getting in line. I waved to familiar faces and was happy that they just smiled and waved back. I wasn't in the mood to chat; of course, that was before I saw her again.
Grace strolled through the sliding doors, pushing a red shopping cart.

6
I was the last person in line, in lane five, and the grey-haired grandma in front of me was still unloading her cart. I backed out, curving around the end cap filled with tabloid and fashion magazines. I played it off like I was interested in their idiotic headlines, all the while tossing a curious eye in Grace's direction, watching her gather her produce items. She wore a white gauzy-looking dress, and her air was pulled up on top of her head. Her fair skin looked slightly pink, like she'd gotten sunburned. When she pushed her cart out of view, I moved in her direction. My heart raced.
What would I say to her? I had to say something, anything.
She pushed her cart leisurely toward the dairy section, and I moved at her pace, keeping a bit of distance. I perused the shelves like I was looking for something when she suddenly turned around, spinning the cart around with her. We locked eyes. I felt so ridiculous at that moment, and the blood rushed to my head. I don't think I'd ever been more embarrassed in my life, and I could feel the warmth of it spread across my face.
Grace smiled cheerily, waving. "Jake. How are you?" she said, rolling her cart toward me. If she noticed my embarrassment, she didn't show it.
I gave her a corny grin and lifted the grey carton I held in my hand. "Eggs." And then what came out next was more of a thought, but it slipped out instead. "You look great." Kill me.
Now it was her turn to grow pink in the face, and she gave a little snigger. "Thank you." She looked around awkwardly.
I managed to get a grip. "I wanted to say thank you for coming the show that night, but you pulled a Houdini." I smiled down at her and watched the smile fade from her face.
She looked at me thoughtfully. "I'm sorry. I just got…your lyrics." She looked away shaking her head. "They hit close to home."
I was enamored. "They can have that affect. Sometimes I can't handle them either." I chuckled ironically, and the happy smile reappeared on her exquisite face. "I'm glad to see you're getting out of the house, finally." As soon as the words rolled out of my mouth, I wanted to spontaneously combust, and she did too, by the look on her face. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to…"
Her breath caught. She placed her hand on my shoulder, sending a comforting sensation through me, and her words rushed out. "No. Please. Don't be sorry. I'm sure Gabe told you why I disappeared that night. It's okay."
"That came out…" I looked up, searching for anything better to say…"lame. I'm sorry." She was still smiling at me. "But hey, you look great. You look like you got some sun."
She moaned. "I put sunscreen on my little man, but failed to cover myself."
"Baby steps."
"I'm not sure if I'm taking any steps yet. It's more like I'm crawling." She pursed her lips.
"Crawling is better than just lying there. Trust me, I know."
Her eyes drifted over me, and a soft smile remained on her gorgeous face. A moment passed, and I could practically see the wheels turning behind her eyes as she tipped her head up to meet my gaze.
"Thanks." Her voice cracked.
My heart skipped, urging me to say something more. "You wanna grab coffee some time?" I clutched the carton of eggs so hard, I felt one of them crack. Shit. I hoped it wouldn't ooze out.
Surprise sparked in her eyes. "Um. Sure." She nodded and gripped the red cart more tightly.
I wanted to tell her there was no pressure, but there was a shine in her eyes when she smiled at me. "Cool." I shifted backward, feeling anxious about keeping Gabe waiting. "I'll get your number from Gabe."
"Okay." She began to push her cart forward and I walked beside her. "See you soon, then."
Indeed you will. "Sounds good." I waved goodbye.
I felt a spring in my step as I grabbed a new carton of eggs, paid, and walked out of the store. I wasn't sure what I was feeling, but an easy semblance of something that had been missing for so long flared. There was something inspiring and hopeful in Grace. Gabe was out of the car, leaning against the hood.
"Sorry. I ran into Grace," I mumbled quickly as I passed him to open the car door.
His eyebrows inched upward.
"I asked her to coffee." I couldn't look at him, and instantly felt a discontented vibe.
"Jake, she's not…"
"Stop." I interrupted, standing with one leg in the truck, looking at him over the hood. "This isn't a conquest, Gabe, it's just coffee."
"Jake, with all due respect…" He paused. Concern draped over his weathered face, and he looked away from me and moved getting in the truck. "I don't want to put you in any stereotypical category…"
"But you are," I said flatly, sullen by his assumption. I pulled my door shut, and he did the same. A tense moment passed. "I don't need babysitting, and neither does she. If she didn't want to meet me, she wouldn't have said yes."
Gabe started the car and began to drive from the parking lot. "I'm sorry. It's none of my business what you do. You're right. I'm just hired to drive you."
There was no malice in his tone, but his words stung. Sure, I hired him to drive me, but we'd become friends. Grace was his friend, even more so than I.
He continued, "She's just been through a lot, and she's delicate, Jake. Getting involved with you wouldn't be a good thing for her. You're on a different playing field. She's a mother and a widow. You're a young rock star with your entire life ahead of you."
I nodded; he was right. "Gabe I just have to know her, okay? There's a lot going on there, and I just have to see what it's all about. I'm drawn to her, and it's not in an I wanna fuck her kinda way."
I thought about what I'd said to Gabe as I walked into the house carrying the eggs my mother asked me to get for her. I wasn't sure what I wanted from Grace. I knew she was older than me, but her age never crossed my mind. I wanted to get to know her and those raw emotions she'd let loose while I performed. It didn't dawn on me that she might think I was interested in her in a lustful sorta way. I shuffled through the kitchen, now regretting asking her to coffee as I put the carton in the fridge. She certainly didn't need me in her life.
I stood in the middle of the kitchen, looking at the glasswares that sat in the dish rack, the sun's reflection on them bouncing light all around. The vase on the counter was filled with red roses I'd not noticed before. Notting. A loaf of bread sat opened in front of the toaster, and I walked over to it and twisted it closed, tying it off. I'd left it opened.
It made me wonder where Notting and my mom were. It looked as if they didn't even set foot into the kitchen all day. Only my mess was visible; nothing of theirs. I was curious. Did they leave it like that on purpose? Where they tired of picking up after me? I chucked ruefully. I'm sure they were. Come to think of it, I hadn't picked up after myself, ever. I always had someone picking up behind me. First my mom, then hired hands. They were probably finally sick of it. I stepped to the dishwasher and opened it. There was nothing inside. I rinsed my coffee cup and the plate I'd used, and put them in the dishwasher. I then followed up by wiping down the counters.
I had to move out. I had to get my own place if I was going to stay in LA.
My room was still my room, sort of. All the furniture was the same, minus the personal touches: the posters, books, guitars, cords, desktop computer and…the pictures of Aly. I stood staring at the shelf where her framed images used to exist and emptiness gutted through me. I missed her.
I stared at the door at the other end of the room, the door that led to the backyard. The door that Aly would sneak through when we were just teenagers. I walked to it, opening it, and dirt and debris scattered into the room. No one had opened the door in years. I walked out past the hot tub, toward the back fence, where the gate was: the gate that Aly would use to get into my backyard. The gate that our parents built together so us kids could roam between houses when we were little. I turned, staring up at Aly's house, and wished she were inside of it. I would have sent her a text to come over via our secret path, long forgotten by our parents.
I itched to send Aly a message, or to call her, to hear her voice. Those thoughts reminded me of the text I sent to Sienna, who never replied. I stalked back into my room and called Marty.
"Jake?" he answered, surprised to hear from me. I looked at the clock. Oops, it was late for him. He sounded groggy.
"Yeah. Sorry man, did I wake you?"
"No. Just watching TV."
I paced the room. "I have something I need you to look into."
I explained to Marty about my interview with Glen and Sienna's book deal. I wanted him to find out exactly what was going on with her. I told him she lived in Miami and I gave him her address.
"Do you want me to fly there? Is that what you're asking?"
I wasn't sure. "Um. Do you want to?" I scratched my head. "No, that would be out of line. Don't you think?" I kind of wanted him to.
"Jake, I don't know about that. Showing up unannounced and then grilling her about her life? She didn't tell you because she wants to be left alone, is my guess."
My stomach sank, and I sighed. "Marty, Sienna and had an affair."
There was silence, and my heart raced at my direct admission.
"I'm not surprised to hear that," he replied flatly.
Ouch. "Was it obvious?"
"You guys were pretty close there. I'm just not surprised, that's all."
I laid back on my bed, raking my free hand down my face. "I don't know what happened. I knew it was wrong and so did she, but we couldn't help ourselves." I closed my eyes, suddenly feeling tired. "I've done some pretty shitty things, Marty, but you know that. I'm sure when the masses find out it was all true, they won't be surprised either."
"Aly might not ever speak to you again. For real this time." His voice was gravely.
"She knows." I wanted to sleep. I grew weaker with each confession. "That's why she's not speaking to me now. That's probably why she's choosing to marry Nathan, because I'm a fucking scumbag."
Marty and I discussed the Sienna situation a bit more, and I told him to contact Mr. Todd. First, to try banging on his door, and if he couldn't get him that way, to leave him a note with one of the doormen. David Todd would know exactly who to contact to get dirt.

7
Little pink flowers budded on the tree limbs over my head as I sat on a cement park bench, down the street from the house I'd just rented, waiting for Gabe to drop off the keys to me. I'd taken the jaunt down the hill from my mom's to grab some coffee, and didn't really feel like walking back. I needed to clear my head. Bobby and I'd been stuck in the studio, recording song after song, and we'd finally finished nearly two weeks later. I'd stood in front of the house on 16th Street, proud of my choice. A two-story contemporary home with dark wood accents, high ceilings and a hot tub; clean lines and no fluff, just as I liked it. The only things that were missing were the canvases of Aly. I'd contemplated having Marty send them, but I just didn't know how long I'd be there.
The home was fully furnished. All I had to do was grab my shit from my mom's and move in. I was stoked to have a place of my own, finally, though my mother didn't see it that way, since I'd be leaving on tour again at some point - "Why waste the money? How much are you spending anyway? It's got to be upwards of at least eight thousand a month. It's ridiculous for you to spend that."
It was also ridiculous for me to have bought a place in New York across from Central Park and to be paying for it without having set foot in it for over three years. I shrugged at the thought as I sipped my coffee, making my way over to the park.
The location was perfect. Close enough to walk to downtown Manhattan Beach, with its grocery store, bars, restaurants and clothing stores. Everything I needed was within easy walking distance from my new home. My mom's was just a little too out of the way, up and down a couple of hills. I didn't need to be living with my mommy. I wouldn't need Gabe or her to drive me around on bullshit errands. The highlight was that most people would leave me alone - there were no paparazzi in Manhattan Beach.
A screaming child and laughter caught my attention on the nearby playground, and I glanced over to see what all the shouting was about. Boys teasing and roughhousing, innocent laughter echoing all around from the children at play. I scanned the gated area, and my heart lurched into my throat when I saw Grace. I sunk into the bench, turning away, wondering if she saw me too. I never did call her; I wanted to, but I thought better of it. Reasoning with myself that I was too busy, that Gabe was right. I was no good for her. I snuck another look. Now, there she was again, tempting me. She was smiling and talking with some other woman, totally oblivious of my regard for her. I glanced around the street, looking for Gabe's car and looked at the time. It was 11:30 AM. He'd be pulling up any moment. When he did, I jumped into the car as quickly and stealthily as I could.
He looked at me strangely, cockeyed. "Is everything okay?"
"Yeah, why?"
His eyes bounced between mine. "I don't know, you're out of breath and acting like you're hiding from someone."
I laughed it off. "Nah, I was just up at the house, staring at it, and lost track of time."
"I would have met you there…"
"No it's okay. I wanted to get some exercise. Been sittin' too long. I forgot what the sun feels like."
Gabe lifted his hand, dangling a set of keys between his fingers. "Here you go. Tracey said to let her know if there's anything else she can do." Tracey was the realtor who'd found the place for me.
I smiled as I squeezed them in my palm. "Thanks, man."
"You want me to drive you over?"
I hedged. I wanted to see Grace and I didn't want her to leave the park. "I'm gonna walk down to say hello to some friends while I have it in me." Not a lie.
He nodded. "Okay, then."
I watched as Gabe drove away and turned, walking toward the playground. I at least owed Grace the reason why I hadn't called; it's not like I would be lying. With my coffee cup in hand, I'd decided I'd use it as my excuse to be walking by. The closer I got, the more my nerves took hold, and the more beautiful she became. Her long black hair blew around in the breeze, and she had an easy smile on her face as she pointed and conversed with whom I assumed was her son. He had the same dark hair and bright eyes as she did.
I smiled and waved, trying to get her attention. Finally, a blonde woman pointed at me, getting Grace to look in my direction. She lit up like a siren as soon as she realized who I was and waved. My stomach tumbled with furor. I was stoked she was happy to see me. I unlatched the green gate and ambled toward her. The other moms were openly captivated about what was about to go down, whispering between each other, trying not be obvious.
These mothers weren't the kind you'd put a mom label on, at least in my opinion. These three ladies all looked like they belonged on The Housewives of Beverly Hills. They were all attractive in their own right, fit and color-coordinated in their workout gear. Grace wasn't wearing tight-fitting spandex, like the other moms. She wore a flowing, calf-length, teal and white patterned dress. Her slender shoulders and arms had more of a tan than the last time I saw her. She was obviously getting out more.
"What are you doing here?" She beamed.
"Just walkin' by." I held up my coffee cup and pointed up the hill. "I just rented a place right over there."
"Really?" Grace said, surprised.
The Moms whispered to each other, and I smiled in amusement, wondering what they were saying. By the sly looks on their faces, they'd be asking Grace all sorts of questions after I left.
"I decided to stay a while," I shrugged, smiling.
She looked confused for a split second, but then gestured over to her friends, who were staring at me, still smirking. "Jake, this is Lisa and Heather."
"I know you," Heather said, wagging her finger at me. Her thick eyebrows dominated her smooth face. When she smiled, it barely moved. "My son loves your music. I bought him tickets to one of your concerts."
I guessed her son must be in high school, and I just nodded with a stupid grin on my face. I had no idea what to say to her other than, "Sweet."
Lisa's giggle drew my attention over to her. "Nice to meet you…Jake." Lisa's eyes raked over me, making me look to Grace to steal her reaction - was I seeing things? Grace's eyes went wide, and she looked away, holding back a laugh, noticing Lisa's suggestive tone.
Grace cleared her throat. "It's good to see you." She smiled at me sweetly and pointed to the bright blue and green fort contraption. "I gotta get going. He has swim class. Ethan!" she called out to her son. He peeked up over the side of the blue bridge. "We've got to go. Swim time!"
"Yay! Swimming. I get to go swimming!" he hollered to the kids around him as he slid down the yellow slide, running in his red tennis shoes. He skidded to a halt right in front us, looking up at me. "Who are you?"
My smile couldn't get any bigger. "I'm Jake."
"I'm Ethan." His bright eyes darted to Grace, no longer interested in me. "Mommy, let's go!" he tugged on her hand, and she ruffled his black hair.
"Let me grab my bag." She looked over at me with a dutiful toss of her windblown hair.
"What are you doing later?" I didn't mean to ask her in front of her friends or Ethan, but I didn't see any other chance at getting her attention.
She looked at me cautiously, biting her lip. "Let me grab my bag," she repeated, evading having to answer me.
I looked over at Ethan, who was bouncing in anticipation over at the gate, and I walked toward him. I didn't want to watch what was going on between Grace and her friends. "'Sup buddy?"
"Nothin'" He rocked on his heels, staring down at his shoes. "My shoes are new."
I nodded. "Are they fast?"
His head tossed upward, and his breath caught. "How did you know?" he whispered at me with big eyes. "Don't tell my mom. She doesn't like me running too fast, but I can't help it, it's my shoes."
My heart swelled at hearing his fantasy. Wow.
"Okay, let's go," Grace chimed, swinging her oversized burlap bag over her shoulder. "I'm parked over there."
I unlatched the gate, and Ethan took off running. "Don't go too fast!" I shouted, and he slowed down. I looked at Grace. An easy smile crossed her lips, but she didn't look at me, keeping her eyes on her son as he stopped at the side of a white Lexus SUV parked at the curb. She held out her arm, keys dangling from her hand, and clicked to open the doors as we stepped closer.
"Get in!" she instructed happily, and Ethan pulled at the handle.
"How old is he?"
"Four. He starts Kindergarten this fall."
I nodded, impressed at his maturity. "He's very well-spoken."
Grace's eyes gleamed at my compliment. "He's in preschool. I usually have him there every day, but today I just wanted to spend some time with him." She bent into the car, saying something to Ethan that I couldn't decipher, and then shut the door. "It was great running into you."
My stomach tumbled. "Do you wanna…"
Grace hung her head, shaking it unfavorably. "Thanks, but no thanks." She smiled sadly and turned to walk away.
"Please have dinner with me tonight." The words popped out eagerly, more urgent than I'd wanted. "I'm sorry I didn't call. Gabe didn't think it was a good idea."
She spun back to face me, her mouth hinging open. "He said that?" Hurt laced her voice.
I sighed. "Not exactly." I regretted throwing Gabe under the bus.
"For some reason I think you're just saying that, Jake, but it's okay. It probably isn't a good idea."
I looked inside her SUV and Ethan was happily playing on a gaming device. "Grace, do you know anything about me?"
Her aqua eyes scanned my face. "I hear you on the radio, and read in The Beach Reporter about your friend's memorial service at the Manhattan pier. That's the extent of it."
I sucked in a breath. "I'm a fucking train wreck, Grace. I'm a recovering addict. I'm such a mess that the love of my life is marrying another man. Not calling you had nothing at all to do with what Gabe shared with me about you."
Her shoulders relaxed and empathy splashed across her face. "I'm sorry. Um…why don't I call you after Ethan's swim class."
I was surprised at how easily her tone changed. I quickly took out my phone from my pocket. "Give me your number."
Grace and I exchanged phone numbers, and she hastily left. It was the strangest, yet most interestingly honest interaction I'd ever had with a chick I didn't know. A woman. This was a grown woman I was dealing with.

8
A funky melody coursed through the dimly-lit and artistically creative interior of the Pamilla Concina y Tequila restaurant, an upscale home-style Mexican joint. Intricately stacked white-painted River Rock covered the walls from floor to ceiling, and heavy, black, medieval chains hung around the perimeter walls. It was still early, happy hour time. Hipsters and beach locals alike filled the place. An interesting mix, I thought as I turned out to face the promenade patio from the front door. I wondered if these hipster/Hollywood looking types lived here.
A twenty-something brunette hostess with a delicate lip piercing greeted me in an aloof manner, like it was some fucking privilege for me to be there. "Hello, your reservation name?" Until it dawned on her who I was, and she did a double take and pointed at me knowingly.
"Jake? Rita's…"
I nodded, giving her a tight grin. "That's me, and I don't have a reservation."
Starry-eyed, she blinked twice, hugging a stack of menus to her chest, looking past me. "How many?"
"Two. My friend will be here soon."
"Don't worry. I'll squeeze you in."
She looked behind her, and I followed her gaze. Eyes were on us. I felt like I was at some Hollywood hot spot, where everyone looked at every person who walked through the door. What happened to my beach town?
I followed her to a cozy little table for two, set against the back wall - nice.
"My name is Marina. I went to school with you. I was in Alyssa's class." Great. She handed me a red embossed menu and placed the other one on top of the table setting across from me. I smiled and nodded, thanking her. "Um, okay, your server will be right with you."
I purposely faced the wall. I didn't want anyone to notice me. I was the only one sitting alone, and Grace would surely know it was me, waiting for her. I scanned the menu and drank from the ice-filled water glass the tattooed arm waiter brought me. Finally, I felt the warmth of Grace's hand on my shoulder.
"I'm sorry I'm late." Her soft voice filtered out as she bent close to my ear.
I stood, hugging her, getting a glimpse of her in tight black denim jeans with strategically placed shredded holes in the legs. Her black blouse was silky, and a tad bit see through, with a teasing hint of a lace bra. She barely hugged me back, shifting to move to her seat. "No worries," I offered as she slid past me, sitting against the wall. I caught a whiff of her perfume; a romantic, feminine scent - a grown woman's scent. I stared at the gorgeous, aqua-eyed lady sitting in front of me, feeling completely out of my league, undeserving of her eyes on me.
I shouldn't have pursued this. I sat, feeling awkward, and cleared my throat. Grace smirked, leaning toward me. She glanced in both directions, making sure nobody was listening. "Maybe we should have just met for coffee."
I chuckled nervously, embarrassed she saw my trepidation. "You're probably right."
"No. I'm teasing." She shook her head, smiling, and her black hair shimmered, falling from her shoulder and covering the opening of her blouse and her subtle cleavage. Grace looked around the room. I studied her more closely; her long black eyelashes and the curve of her jawline down her neck. She was certainly an exhibit of fine beauty.
Her eyes met mine. "I haven't been out to eat in a long time," she whispered, playing with the napkin on her bread plate.
"How long?" I wanted to milk her for anything and everything. I wanted to know exactly why she cried her eyes out at my show. I wanted to know about her loss, intimately.
Our bearded waiter with colorful inked forearms greeted us again. "Welcome to Pamilla. Have you been here before?" He clasped his hands, glancing between us.
I shook my head no. Grace said she'd read about it the local paper. I made a mental note that she must read a lot. His nametag read Jon, and he introduced himself as such. We ordered our drinks; an iced tea for her, and for me, a soda water with lime. We thanked Jon, and Grace smiled back at me, taking in a deep breath.
"To answer your question," she continued, playing with the silverware in front of her, "I haven't been out to a restaurant in a couple of years."
I nodded slowly, not really believing it. "As in you've only cooked at home?"
She shook her head yes, and it was still hard for me to believe. I felt the weight of her answer fall on my shoulders. I felt strange for being the first person to ask her out. I feared her expectations.
Her happy expression faded. "I don't want to burden you with my sob story." She tried smiling, making light of the loss of her husband. Her mouth hung open. "I admit that after you told me about yourself, at the park, I talked more to Gabe and then I actually plugged in my computer and read all about you."
I nodded, feeling ashamed. "Not pretty."
She shrugged and took a drink of the tea Jon had placed in front of her. She arranged her setting and looked back at me. "Life fucking sucks sometimes, doesn't it?"
The f-bomb totally through me off, making me smile, almost laugh. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to laugh. I just didn't expect that to roll out of your mouth."
She laughed too. "I don't think I've said fuck in two years, either."
We chuckled together for a moment longer, and Grace was the one who took over the conversation. It was more about validating what she'd read about me. I confirmed everything. Most of what she'd asked about was true, surprisingly. Then the conversation moved to the more present day.
"So you said Alyssa is marrying someone else now?"
I bit down on my bottom lip, hard, nodding yes. "Pretty much."
"And you've decided she's not worth fighting for anymore?"
A shock vibrated through me. Was I really going to go there with Grace? This beautiful woman, who was starting a new life? And me, a man (albeit younger than her) with the option to start a new life right then and there, cutting Aly out of it once and for all?
I gulped. "I don't know," I answered honestly. "Part of me wants to run right out of here, and the other wants to say fuck it, it's over."
Grace's eyes roamed my face, and I watched her swallow, blinking at me. She sighed deeply and licked her full lips. A weird vibe coursed around, and she shook her head, looking down at her hands.
I instantly felt bad. Here I had the option of trying to get back with my love, and Grace would never have that chance again, just like Sienna.
"I don't mean to get so heavy, Grace. I'm sorry."
She gave me a sad, lopsided smile, and then sat up straight, with a more upbeat air. "Okay. Let's stop feeling sorry for ourselves. I'm the one who's sorry. I'm the one that got all…heavy…as you say, asking too many personal questions."
Oh, just you wait until I have my turn.
Her willingness to lighten the mood invigorated the moment. I watched her look over the menu she'd taken into her hands. I did the same. We discussed the menu and compared it to other Mexican joints in the area (Grace had lived in the South Bay for over ten years herself). We ordered tacos: she, the chicken and steak, and I, the fish and shrimp.
"Do you eat seafood?" She nodded. "You wanna share?"
"Sure," she agreed and lifted her glass filled with iced tea. I picked up my water glass. "Cheers to new beginnings."
Our glasses clinked together, and I wondered if she wasn't drinking alcohol because of me. "You don't drink?"
She laughed mildly in spite of herself. "Not in two years."
Now it was my turn to ask questions. "What have you done the last two years?"
Her head tipped down, and then she met my gaze. "Much like you, I've just been trying to survive."
The next question tumbled out of my mouth like a disgusting loogie. "How did he die?"
Shock registered in Grace's eyes, and she gulped. I wanted to punch myself in the mouth. The look on her face told me she could burst with tears at any moment, and I held my hands up. "I'm sorry. Don't answer that…"
But before I could say another word, she blurted out the answer. "He died in a plane crash." She held her breath and touched her cheek, running her fingers down her neck.
My hands went numb. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be so…" I couldn't even finish my thoughts. I just hung my head in embarrassment. Grace had no idea about how my dad, Michael, died.
Similar tragedy. Instant. Permanent. Forever. Leaving behind a young son.
She reached over and rubbed the top of my hand, sending a chill running up my arm. "Jake, it's okay. I don't know what either of us expected this to be. I was flattered you wanted to get to know me." She looked around the room again, as if searching for someone she might know. "I'm not ready to be out in a social situation. I don't know what to talk about, but you don't need to tread lightly. I'm a big girl. I've made it this far."
She smiled and pulled her hand away. I wanted to reach out and grab it back. "Thanks for being a good sport and not kicking my teeth in for the direct, insensitive, question." I laughed nervously. "I guess I need some etiquette classes or something."
My remark made her giggle. "Sorry you're the guinea pig." She took another sip of her tea and sighed again. "You're the first person other than family and very close friends…and Ethan's teachers…who I've shared that with."
"The first one outside your circle, in two years?"
Her eyebrows rose up her forehead, silently telling me, no shit, that's what I keep saying.
I wanted to know more. I wanted to know his name and what he did for a living, and what kind of plane crash it was. There'd been jetliner crashes in other parts of the world, and smaller ones in the US, but which? The odds were it was a small plane crash. I was too chicken to ask, and thankfully our food arrived. Spicy, marinated quality aromas filled my nose, making my mouth water.
"Thank you!" Grace said cheerily to Jon as he placed her steaming plate with three smallish tacos and a pile of rice and garnishes in front of her.
Mine looked similar. Her eyes twinkled, and she picked up her fork, holding it out to me. I knew exactly what she wanted. I cheered food the same way - though it'd been years since I'd raised my fork to anyone.
"Cheers, Grace," I said, lifting my fork and tapping hers.
Her head tilted to the side, and a smile peeked at her lips as she stuck her fork into her rice. I didn't expect her to look up, and she caught me watching her. Heat rushed out of my collar instantly, and I watched as color filled her fair cheeks.
My attention was making her blush, and it made me feel delighted.
"Um," she almost giggled, looking back down at her food, tossing her rice with her fork. "You're one of the very few people who never hesitated to raise the fork," she said, taking a mouthful of rice.
"I do it on occasion, too. Great minds." I winked and lifted my tortilla filled with shrimp and cilantro. "These are gonna be so fuckin' good," I said, biting into it.
"Ok. My turn. Steak it is." She began eating her taco.
"Damn," I said, swallowing.
"Oh. My. God," Grace said through a mouthful, and her eyes rolled upward. "This is so good."
We ate. Giving our praise to the food when Jon checked on us, then when our empty plates were being removed by the busboy, Jon had to ask to take picture with me. I was completely disappointed and irked, more than I think I'd ever been by someone asking. He'd acted as if he had no idea who I was the entire time, and I was stoked to be just a regular guy having dinner with a beautiful woman.
It got worse from there. As Jon bent to pose next to me, with Grace taking the picture with his camera phone, it opened the door for other people to ask for pictures as we passed the bar. Grace took it all in stride, and we left with a trail of people tittering in our wake.
"I'm really sorry. It's never been this way before, here." I grabbed her hand, moving her in front of me as we stepped out into the patio area, and steered her out of the restaurant by the small of her back. I could practically feel her skin through her thin blouse.
"It's okay." She nudged my shoulder with hers, taking her hand away from mine. "It doesn't bother me. I wasn't surprised."
"Yeah, but it sucks. I haven't been out in Hermosa in a long time. This place has changed tenfold," I said looking around at the paved promenade with its bars, restaurants, and stores bursting with patrons on each side. Relief took the place of agitation with each step away. "I don't believe that would have happened in Manhattan." I shrugged. "Next time I'll pick a place in Manhattan." Grace smiled at my remark without a word, and I realized I'd made an assumption that she wanted there to be a next time. "That is, if you'll have dinner with me again?"
She looked up into the sky and over to me, opening her mouth to speak. A piece of her silken black hair blew over her eye, and I fought the urge to tame it. Then instead of answering me, she closed her mouth and looped her arm into mine as we strolled onto The Strand, the smoothly paved sidewalk along the beachfront. I had no idea where I was walking to, except toward home, as I'd planned.
"I walked here. That's the only thing I've done in two years…is walk and wave to people." Her grip tightened on my arm ever so slightly as she continued. "Always looking like I had somewhere to be, so they didn't try to stop me and I wouldn't have to say the words over and over again."
I totally understood that feeling, for different reasons. "I get that."
She breathed in deeply as she stared out at the setting sun. I didn't think she heard me.
"It worked out then. I get to walk you home. I'd planned to walk home, too." I felt silly about asking her out again, and blew it off, reminding myself that she'd said she wasn't ready to be social, and all this was just a moment with a beautiful woman.
The springtime ocean breeze had a bit of a bite, and I'd wished I'd brought a jacket. Grace's fingers stirred against my arm, and I took that thought back. I wouldn't have been able to feel the warmth of her hand if I were wearing a jacket, and that thought brought on a tune in my head - The warmth of her hand. A melody followed.
"Grace, what was his name?" I couldn't help myself any longer. I had to know.
She didn't hesitate. "His name was Phillip."
"How did you two meet?" Her grip loosened on my arm, and I feared she'd let go. I pressed her hand into my arm. "We don't have to go there."
She smiled softly, nodding once, and stared off into the distance. Her smile grew more pronounced, and I assumed she may have been recollecting perhaps their first meeting or date. I didn't expect her to talk about him with each passing second, so I offered up my intentions.
"I can't lie. I do mean to pry." I squeezed her hand beneath mine. "I can't get…that night out of my mind. You were," I sighed, "deeply affected."
"That's why I'm here. I don't want to be deeply affected anymore. I want to feel something else other than wretchedness." She pulled her arm from mine, leaving the spot where her hand was feeling cold. "You asked. You seemed sincere. Now here I am," she quipped.
"Fair enough." I smiled down on her, wanting to put my arm around her.
"I met Philip in college. We both went to MIT."
Wow. "So you're a brainiac," I teased.
"Pretty much." She tossed her head back. "I had big dreams once, and then Phillip dabbled in some things and ended up becoming a pilot, and I became a graphic designer."
"I admit I wondered what you did with yourself for two years inside that house, other than being a mom," I teased, laughing at my next playful thought. "Like, were you knitting scarfs n'shit."
She gasped, covering her mouth. "How did you know?" Then cutest little giggle bubbled out of her mouth. Her words reminded me of what her son, Ethan, had said.
"Ethan had the same exact reaction when I asked if his shoes were fast."
Grace's eyes sparkled, and she sighed deeply. "Yeah, he needs to slow down and watch where he's going. He tends to run too fast and look back at whoever's chasing him, and eats it."
I recalled doing the same thing with my dad, Michael, him tackling me to the ground and tickling me. I did the math in my head. Ethan was probably just two years old when his dad died. Way younger than I was. I wondered if he had a man in his life.
"What does Ethan do besides preschool and swim class?"
Grace looked out over the vast sea of sand to our left. "We play in the sand."
"Not a bad life. I grew up here playing in that sand, too."
More questions were burning in my throat, and so was my own story. "My dad died too, when I was a kid." I just blurted it out like I was talking about the weather, and Grace stopped and grabbed my arm, alarm glowing in her eyes. She covered her mouth as her eyes searched mine.
Shaking her head, she said, "I'm so sorry."
This time I went for it and put my arm around her shoulders. It spurred her to walking again. "It's life. Some of us are just dealt shittier hands than others."
Grace was silent.
"I'm sorry. I don't mean to sound so lackadaisical about it. Ethan and I are in the same club. Nothin' we can do about it."

9
Grace forgave my insensitivity and what sounded to her like bitterness in my words (maybe there was) as I explained a little more about my father, leaving out the infidelity and situation with my mother and Notting. She was more in disbelief than anything else. I didn't dwell on my situation. I was too interested in hers. Ten minutes later we came up on Twenty-First Street in Hermosa Beach, and she stalled a bit to watch the volleyball players. This only made me think of Aly, and I wondered what she was doing right at that same moment. Was she with Nathan? Was she playing volleyball, too?
"I live right up this hill. On Circle Drive." She pointed over her shoulder, and then wrapped her arms around herself, shivering.
I leaned up against the cement wall that separated the sand from The Strand. I didn't want our time to end. "I'll walk you home."
"I wish I'd brought a jacket. We could've watched the sunset."
My stomach tumbled. I was stoked she didn't want to leave either.
"Come on." I pushed myself from the wall and threw my arm around her shoulder again. "I shoulda, too." Then I said something off the cuff, pulling her closer, and wanted to sink into the cement as soon as I heard my voice. "Body heat." Fuck. Why did I say that?
I was relieved when she chuckled and allowed my arm to remain where it was. "Indeed. Lack of weather judgment."
We walked silently a couple more blocks, up a fairly decent incline. The sidewalks disappeared, and we cruised up the middle of the street, just like I used to do when I was a kid. We were well warmed by the time we got to her doorstep. I was surprised at how large her home was when we stopped in front of a two-story Tuscan-inspired house. A stone façade with wrought iron balconies and ivy-covered walls towered in front of me.
"Thanks for walking me home." She spun to face me.
"Nice pad," I said, taking in the tight, well-placed landscaping in the sliver of a front yard. She thanked me for the compliment, and I almost continued with something else untoward - graphic design must be doin' you right. I thought better of it and just smiled at how idiotic my mind was sometimes. I wasn't dealing with the type of person I normally dealt with. I tucked my arms around me, chilled from the cold ocean breeze whipping more fiercely around me, and had a chuckle. "I better jog home."
"Oh. I have something. You have a bit of a walk still." She reached out, rubbing my shoulder. "Come in."
Before I could politely decline her offer, she was through her front door and Ethan was shouting, "Mommy!" Hearing his little voice made me smile. "Mommy!" he shouted again.
"I'll be right there," Grace's voice carried out faintly from a hallway.
"Hey! I know you!" I looked up in the direction of Ethan's voice. He was standing at the top of the stairway, looking down at me from the banister. I watched as he bound down the stairs at full speed, wearing a Spiderman mask.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa buddy! Slow down." I laughed as he tripped and fell at the bottom of the stairs. I caught a glimpse of what looked like album covers peppering the wall along the stairway. I made sure Ethan was in good shape, and looked closer at the wall. They were album covers, ones I recognized. No way. Did she design those?
"Ethan! Take the mask off," Grace huffed in dismay, shaking her head. She held a black hoodie in her hands. "I swear, he's gonna really hurt himself one day."
I laughed. "I lived. He'll be just fine." I ruffled his hair.
She smiled, looking back at Ethan. "Go back upstairs and get ready for bed."
"See, Mom!"
"Shh." Grace pointed at him, and he kicked his foot out in frustration, but didn't argue. He quietly walked back up the stairs, and once he got to the top he shouted, "I'm gonna wrap you in my web and make you go to bed too!"
He dashed away defiantly, and Grace's mouth gapped open. She shot me a look of surprise. I held back my laughter when I noticed Grace didn't find it funny.
"He's getting more brave with the backtalk these days."
I nodded. "Pushing the envelope." I still did it.
"Here. Um." She stalled, holding out the zip-hoodie to me. "It was Phillip's." She shook it out. "Sorry, it might be a bit dusty."
I felt weird taking it from her, but I didn't want to offend her ,and I didn't want to freeze my ass off walking home either. "Thanks," I said, taking it from her. I sighed. "And thanks for a great time."
She held her index finger to her lips for me to be quiet. "Ester?" Grace raised her voice, and I heard a "yes?" A little brunette woman with short hair and wide-set eyes came out from what I assumed was the kitchen, drying her hands on a floral dishrag. "I'll be right back. Can you make sure Ethan's doing what he's supposed to be doing?"
"Yes, Ms. Grace," she said quietly, walking up the stairs.
"Thank you."
Grace and I walked outside, and I slipped Phillip's sweatshirt over my shoulders, feeling overwhelmingly sad for Grace, Ethan and myself. Life fucking sucks.
"Seriously." I turned to face her. "Thanks for going out with me. I can't imagine what it must be like…"
"Actually," she interrupted, "you can probably understand more than anyone I know."
I nodded. She was probably right. "Yeah." I sighed, swallowing the frog in my throat. "Anyway, thanks for humoring me tonight."
"Thank you for getting me out of the house for a grown up outing." She chuckled, rubbing her arms.
"You wanna do it again?"
Apprehension stirred in her eyes.
"Look, Grace, I get it. There's no pressure. I just feel like I have to know you. I keep thinking about how…touched you were at my show, and I wanted to know why. I want to know more about you."
She pulled her arms into her chest, nodding, and I continued, "My circle is very small, Grace. I don't let too many people in."
"I get that."
"Not that it means anything to you." I stuck my hands in my pants pockets. "I'm not here because I'm ready to date other people. I'm still in love with Alyssa; at least, I think I am. To be honest, I don't really know why I'm here, other than I want to know you. There's no pressure on my part. I just want to make sure you know that."
She smiled and brushed the hair that had blown into her aqua eyes out of the way. "Okay. I understand, and I feel the same way about this. The more I know about you, the more I believe you get it."
I gave Grace a hug and told her I'd talk to her soon. I wasn't sure when, but I knew I'd be calling her, I was too drawn to her not to call on her again.
It took me about another twenty minutes to walk home, and it was dark by the time I reached my front door. I'd talked to Marty most of the way home. He'd filled me in on what Mr. Todd had said, referring me to a private investigator to find out what was going on with Sienna and her tell-all book.
"Mr. Todd finally called me back. He wants to talk to you directly."
"Why? Why can't David just give you a number?"
"I'm not the one to argue with a man like Mr. Todd, Jake." His voice was crisp.
Marty had a good point. David Todd kind of scared me. That's why I didn't want to talk to him. Marty said that he'd knocked on Mr. Todd's door a few times. He was never there, and he finally left a note with Miguel, the doorman to the building of my apartment in New York. Marty pinged me with the number.
"When are you coming back?" he demanded, an uncommon edge in his voice.
"Soon, I promise. I'm not staying long, though. I'll be there for a couple weeks before I leave for Europe," I explained. "You need to make arrangements to come with me."
***
I stared at the number next to the name 'Joe' on my screen. Marty explained that Joe didn't have a last name - just another reason for me to feel a little freaky about using Joe to find out about Sienna. But if anyone could find out about what Sienna was up to, it would be someone in Mr. Todd's camp.
It was the first night I'd be staying in my new home, and I felt strange walking into the dark house. Moonlight cast through the highly placed windows in the living room, but didn't shine bright enough for me to really see anything. I had no idea where the light switches were. I turned on the flashlight feature on my phone and located the switches, turning them on. It was cold. and I searched for the heater. I slowly walked around the darkened house, turning on all the lights. and thought about Aly. I didn't want to think about her, but I had no control. I counted down the days until she graduated. That would be the next time I'd see her.
It was early, just past 7 PM, and I made my way up the stairs and thought about the album covers I'd seen that lined Grace's stairway wall. She must be the graphic artist that did all those covers. I had to confirm my assumption. I hopped onto the bed and kicked off my shoes, sinking into the pillows as I called Gabe.
"Jake?"
"Yeah."
"All good?"
"Yep. I have a question. Does Grace design album covers?"
"Yes. That's how I met her. Driving Dave Grohl to a party. Grace was there."
Huh. "Thought so," I said as I moved from the bed to take my pants off. "I just had dinner with her."
"How did it go?" Argh. I rolled my eyes. Gabe sounded like a father.
"Fine." I picked up my duffle bag and dug out a pair of sweats. "Look, I told her I was stuck on Aly. We talked about Phillip. We're friends. I don't want anything from her. So you can relax."
"Good."
I punched the speaker button and tossed the phone on the bed as I struggled with sticking my legs through my sweats. "Why didn't you tell me she designed album covers?"
"I didn't think of it."
I chuckled. "Alright, man. Talk to you later."
"Take care."
***
Morning rolled around, and it was as if a star exploded in my face. I squinted, looking at the window as I stumbled over to it, muting the sunlight with dark grey shades. I took a piss and located my phone to check the time. It was just after 9 AM. I'd stayed up until 2 AM writing a new song, all inspired by my walk with Grace. I was stoked on the melody, and spent the morning playing around with it. I was almost tempted to name it just that - My Walk with Grace. Maybe I would.
It was Monday, and time for me to call Joe. The number rang to a factory set voicemail.
"Hey, yeah, David Todd gave me your number. I need some info on someone. Please call me." I left my name and number.
Joe called right back, and I wasted no time in giving him Sienna's name, last known address in Miami, and her phone number. She never did text me back, so who knew if that number was still valid. His accent was Spanish in inflection; perhaps he was Puerto Rican, I thought. I explained to Joe that I wanted to find out what Sienna was up to with her book deal, and what she'd planned to expose as the truth.
Three days later, I received a call, informing me that he had the manuscript and asking me for my address. I gave him my mom's address. I didn't want anyone to know where I lived. I then asked Joe how much to pay and how to get it to him, and he informed me that Mr. Todd took care of it.
My blood ran cold. I didn't want to owe Mr. Todd anything. As if my blood running cold was a warning, two days later, Mr. Todd showed up on my doorstep. He held a copy of Sienna's manuscript, her new address, and pictures of her and the people she was interacting with on the day they were taken—which was just a few days prior.
"Mr. Todd." I bowed my head, forcing a smile. He totally caught me off guard, but I didn't hesitate to invite him in, even though I was supposed to be leaving to meet Grace at the beach. "I'm a little confused as to the hand delivery, Mr. Todd. Thank you, thank you. Please, please let me repay you."
"Jake." Mr. Todd stepped around my living area, inspecting everything. He'd come in alone, leaving two big bodyguards outside. "I was planning a trip here anyway. I have business at Universal. I flew in early, and I'm glad I did. Your mother is a lovely woman. It took me a day to find you here. She wouldn't give me any information about your whereabouts."
I gulped. Why was I nervous? I didn't do anything wrong. "You can understand." I laughed it off.
"Of course, of course." He unbuttoned his suit jacket and sat down, tossing the manila folder onto the coffee table. "Some interesting information in there. I didn't read it of course, too much fluff. I had someone else read it and give me the Cliff's Notes."
"And?"
He eyeballed me, leaning back into the white fabric chair, crossing his legs. "You have some drama in your life. I had no idea."
"Why would you?" I shrugged, trying to act casual, but my mouth was so dry I could have spit out cotton balls. "You want something to drink?"
"No, no. Thank you. I have to get going in a minute."
I wanted to shout at him to spill his fucking guts. I was completely coming apart inside as he smirked at me, almost laughing, like he knew. "Mr. Todd. Thank you, but you didn't have to do any of this…paying Joe and coming here personally to deliver that." I pointed at the thick envelope, which was screaming for me to pick it up. "There's nothing in that book that I'm worried about. I know I've done some fucked up things, and the only person I really care about knows every sorry detail of my life."
"That would be Alyssa Montgomery? Correct? The young lady that used to live with you."
"Yes," I confirmed. A curious thought popped in my head, and I decided to get personal. "Mr. Todd. Are you married?"
"Yes. I am."
"How long?"
"Thirty-years."
I nodded, impressed, totally not expecting that answer. "Nice. Gives me hope." I got up, grabbed the envelope and opened it, taking out the thickly-bound paper. Pictures fell onto the table. "Are you sure you don't want me to pay you for Joe's work?"
"Yes."
I was still curious about Mr. Todd's life, as I stared at pictures of Sienna and what looked like her older sister, with a kid and a dude. "Do you have kids?"
"Yes. Three." I nodded, and he got up, smiling down at me. "Only one of them is by my wife."
I tried not to look shocked by his admission, but who knows what my face really looked like. I frowned and nodded, trying to look like I didn't give a shit. He looked proud, and he probably thought I was that type of guy too, based on the information in the book Sienna wrote, probably confirming my affair with her. But that was different than blatantly cheating on your wife. Sure…I was just fucked up, fucking my dead best friend's wife. Ugh - fucking loser move. I hated even thinking about it.
We said our goodbyes, and I walked him out. As he stood next to his car, he asked me one last question. "When are you going to Europe again?"
"I'm actually going in June." After Aly graduates college.
"Good. I'll be having Sloan join you."
Sloan was Mr. Todd's assistant, or some fucking thing like that. He was probably boning her. I groaned loudly after his car had pulled away. I didn't want to object or start an argument, so I just nodded in agreement, and he told me he'd be in touch.
What the hell was that about?

10
It was a hot spring day, with barely any wind. I'd rushed to change into a pair of board shorts and a t-shirt, throwing on a trucker hat and dark shades. It was 2:30 PM, and I was a half hour late. I stood on the Manhattan Beach Pier, searching the area near the south side lifeguard tower, near the water. I spotted Ethan in his little yellow baseball cap and red shorts. Grace was wearing a white sundress and a woven straw floppy hat - just like she'd described. I trotted down the stairs and kicked my flip-flops off, trucking across the sand toward them. I hadn't seen Grace since our dinner together, but Ethan recognized me immediately as I approached.
"Jake!" he screamed, running toward me with a bucket in his hand.
"Hey, buddy." I grabbed the top of his small head and gave it a playful jiggle.
"Mommy, look who's here!" He sounded surprised. She must not have told him I was joining them.
Grace stood near a beach chair and a couple of bright blue and white towels. She waved with a big smile. Her beautiful eyes were covered by dark shades. Ethan collapsed near the towels and began shoveling sand into a big blue bucket. Grace and I said hello and hugged each other, and she engaged Ethan before we could say anymore to each other.
"Honey, why don't take your buckets over there? The wet sand will be better." She pointed to the wet sand just several feet away from us.
He nodded and grabbed two buckets, talking to himself, planning out his steps. He was totally in the zone. "I'm gonna be a builder like Bob the Builder!" he proclaimed, and turned dashing towards the wet sand.
Grace turned to face me, and I plopped down on one of the towels, stretching out my legs. They were white, and it was embarrassing.
Grace sat in the beach chair next to me, removing her big hat, and pulled her dress up over her head, exposing a body that I didn't expect. She was fit and toned. I shamed myself for wanting to look at her and distracted myself by removing my own shirt. I'm not sure what type of body I thought she'd have. She was slim, and looked great in clothes, but bikini ready? Even twenty-year-olds didn't look as fit as her. I was impressed.
"Well done, Grace," I admired. "I think you get out of the house more than you say you do."
I could see her blush as she placed the wide-brimmed hat back on her head. "Oh, stop. I have a few machines in my house, and I do yoga to a video."
"Ah, no human contact," I mused, giving her a hard time.
"Nope." She laughed, too. "Humans are overrated."
We made small talk as we watched Ethan play in the sand and interact with other kids. I felt antsy, like I had to unload what just happened with Mr. Todd.
"Have you done any more research on me?" I asked, laying out flat on my back, tucking my arms under my head.
She sniggered. "No."
"So you know about my drummer. He died."
"Yes. I'm sorry." Her tone was consolatory.
"When you were lurking the net, did you read anything about me and his wife, Sienna?"
"Yes."
My stomach sank, disturbed. "Do you believe it?"
"To be honest with you, I read it and thought what the hell, and then didn't think any more about it."
"It's true, and you're only the third person I've told."
Her mouth hung open for a second before she clamped it shut. "Why are you telling me this?"
I sighed. "I don't know. Probably because I need to tell someone who doesn't know me, before the entire world finds out the truth. I know it sounds fucked up, and it is, but I can't change what happened, and we both just kinda lived in the moment."
"I certainly say you did, but I'm not judging you."
"You sure?"
"Yeah. She was probably lonely. I know all about lonely." Her voice trailed off at the thought. I hoped she wasn't lonely anymore. "And he was sick, right? She was probably starved for human contact."
I thought about what she said, and that's exactly why we did what we did.
"Sienna's written a book, and it's gonna be published soon. She didn't tell me or anyone else I know. I found out through a journalist, of all people. She actually won't talk to me anymore. She said she wanted to start a new life and wished me well, disappearing one day from the last rehab facility we were at together. I was totally cool with it. We'd stayed in touch from time to time, then she told me to leave her alone, that it was just too hard for her to hear from me. That hurt, but I understood. Then I heard about the book…and fast forward, I just got the unpublished manuscript right before I came to meet you. That's why I was late. The delivery was unexpected. Our affair will probably be in there."
She nodded. "Wow. You didn't lie about it, did you?"
"Nope, not really, more like skirted the issue. We both just ignored it at every turn. Plus, we were both in rehab. I had limited contact with the outside world, and it just faded out."
"And you're worried the love of your life will find out? Alyssa?" My stomach sank at hearing Aly's name.
"She knows." I pulled the hat off my head and covered my face with it. The story was just too upsetting to recall. "I told Aly the truth right when she asked me. That was the real nail in our coffin. Aly was the only one who knew the truth for three years. She never said anything to anyone. I can trust her like that. She's unlike any chick I've ever known. She's loved me through some fucked up shit, and she's driven, smart and didn't settle with me. She's following her dream of finishing school and finding out what she wants to do with her life." It made me love her more for not taking the easy way out. "And I just admitted my shitty indiscretion to my friend Bobby, who was in my band. He's my best bro and…now you."
"I see. Wow. I don't know what to say." Her voice was small as she absorbed my truth.
"There's nothing to say." I laughed. "This is what I get for being an idiot. I just hope my fans will stay my fans. Dump was a huge, huge deal with my band. He was very loved. This could ruin me."
Grace groaned.
"So I'm gonna try and get ahead of it. I'm gonna read that book, and if she fucks me, I'm gonna just come out and admit it. Fuck that."
"Good idea. Better to get in front of it, if you can."
"I really don't want to damage her in anyway, but what the fuck? Why would she do that? Why?"
"To clear her conscience." Grace leaned over her chair arm, digging in her bag taking out a blue bottle of sunscreen. "Here, your chest is already getting pink."
I smirked. "Are you checking me out, Grace?"
A smile spread across her face. "You caught me."
"You naughty, naughty girl," I teased, covering my chest. She reached over, shoving my arm, and tossed the bottle next to my leg.
"You better cover those white legs, too."
I laughed out loud. She was fucking with me. "If I can recall correctly, Grace, you were just as white when I first met you."
She wagged her finger at me. "Okay. I'll cut you a break on the white legs."
We laughed and watched as Ethan stomped over to us. "Jake, will you help me build?" He pointed at the other kids and pouted. "His brother is helping him, and it's not fair!" Ethan threw an evil eye in their direction.
"Is he being mean?" Grace asked, concerned.
"He's saying his is better than mine." His hands clinched into little fists, and then he threw out his open palms to us. "He's got four hands, and I only have two!"
Damn, this kid was smart.
I sucked in my laugh and copied his mad face instead, saying, "Ahh. Well, now you have six hands!" I looked at Grace and she shook her head no. "Come on, Mom!" I said, and hopped up, grabbing both of her hands, forcing her to stand. "This is serious business."
She laughed reluctantly and Ethan clapped. We spent the next hour building a pretty kick-ass castle, and Jory cried when his mother wouldn't come to help him and his brother. I felt bad for the kid, but that's how life rolls. He got the raw deal this time around. I shrugged and winked at Grace.
Ethan complained he was hungry, and we packed up, with eyes on us. During our hour of digging in the sand I was quick to notice the gawking and spotted picture-takers. It was hard for me to hide without a shirt on, covering my distinctive tattoo of a chick's face, glowing eye, and flowing hair, with blue musical notes floating through it. A picture of it had been published more times than I could count - The Musical Medusa. Grace didn't take notice to the extra attention, except when we ascended the stairs. A skinny dude wearing a wetsuit stopped us. He asked to take his picture with me.
Slowly, we walked up the hill to the pizza joint watching Ethan stick pennies into each and every meter. Grace just shrugged her shoulders, saying, "It's easier to just let him do it than to argue with him. I pick my battles these days."
Then we cruised over to the ice-cream store on the corner. The line inside was long, and Grace piled her chair, bag, and towels onto the wooden bench out front.
"My treat," she chirped. "What's your vice?"
"Mint and chip."
She clucked her tongue, giving me a gunshot gesture. "You got it. Watch my stuff?"
"Sure." She grabbed Ethan's hand, and they disappeared into the store. I turned, sitting, and pulled the hat down cover my face as much as I could and waited. Then I thought I heard her voice, Aly's voice, and my hair stood up. Nah, it was just someone who sounded like her. She was at school, I told myself. I looked around, only seeing people I didn't know, and focused back on reading emails on my phone.
"Hey." The voice sent me zinging, and there she was. Aly stood in front of me. I blinked hard, not really believing it. In an instant, chills ran over me and my palms were soaking wet.
Fuck. My heart raced up my throat, and I swallowed it down. "Hey."
"I didn't want to walk by and not say hello." Her little lopsided grin tugged at me.
"What are you doing? Isn't it a school day?"
"Yeah, but I'm done, graduation is in a few days…finally." The way she looked at me ripped my heart out. We both let that last word hang in the air for a moment, but neither of us acknowledged it. "And I had a doctor's appointment," she finished with a shrug. She looked radiant, as always, wearing signature denim cut-offs and a tank top.
I stood up. "You're okay, yeah?"
She nodded. "Yeah, just girl stuff."
"Ahh." I felt awkward. Looking directly at her ring finger. She wasn't wearing Nathan's ring. I wanted to hug her and say things to her that I knew she probably didn't want to hear, but I did anyway. "You look beautiful."
She sighed, her eyes penetrating me to my core. A tiny smiled twitched at the corners of her mouth. She was just about to say something when Ethan's little voice shouted my name.
"Jake, look!" He came running out of the storefront like a rocket, with his ice cream cone in hand, and totally ate the pavement just feet from me. His ice cream rolled off the cone, and he instantly wailed. I stepped quickly, pulling him off the ground, crouching in front of him for inspection.
"You'll be okay, buddy, take a breath," I said, trying to comfort him, but he had big red raspberries on both of his elbows and his knee. I picked him up, and he wrapped his legs and arms around me tightly, sobbing.
"My ice cream! It was my favorite," he cried into my neck.
"Shh, hey, we'll get you another one." I said to him tenderly, rubbing his back, trying to calm him down. I turned to face Aly and she was in shock. Then Nathan, of all people, came out from another storefront just adjacent to the ice cream store.
Awkward.
Fire in my stomach instantly ignited. I really hated that guy, and I had no reason to anymore, other than for the jealously he invoked in me.
"Um, uh," Aly stammered. She was breathless from the spectacle, her chest heaving. I was certain seeing me, and having Nathan there, was part of it too. "Is he okay?" she croaked.
"Yeah." I chuckled it off. "He needs to slow down. He only has one speed, and it's fast. This is Ethan." I turned to show his face, but he buried it in my chest, covering it with his hand.
Nathan's face was stern as he rubbed Aly's back, not saying a word to us.
"Oh no. What happened?" Grace's voice was strained as she came up behind Ethan and me. "What did you do?" She nuzzled his wet cheek, holding two ice cream cones in her hands.
"He'll be fine. No broken bones."
Grace shook her head, and pain draped her face. "I told you not to run," she whispered in his ear.
"My ice cream," he whimpered, "and my boo-boos burn."
"Hey, hey, look," I said, detaching him from my chest and placed him on the ground. "You can have mine if you promise not to run when you're not supposed to."
He pouted, eyeballing the mint green and chocolate ice cream in his mother's hand, frowning. "What is it? I don't like that."
"Have you had it before?" I asked, taking it from Grace's hand. I looked at Aly and Nathan, and he whispered something in her ear. What a dick, I thought. Maybe he didn't like kids. "Try it, and if you don't like it, we'll go get you what you want."
Ethan barely licked the mound of ice cream I put in front of his face. I could tell he liked it, but he didn't want to admit it.
"Okay," I said. "I guess you'll have to wait in that long line again." I pulled the cone back and gave it a lick.
"No! I like it. Gimme, gimme," his green eyes begged me, reaching up to me for the cone.
"Um," Aly waved her hand at me. "We gotta go."
"See ya." I nodded, looking away from her like I didn't care. I didn't want to be so short with her, but how else was I supposed to act? Seeing her made me all sorts of confused. Nathan didn't even look at me, only nodding his head to Grace in passing.
"Do you want some of mine?" She offered her cone to me.
"Nah." I removed my hat, wiping my forehead, and watched Ethan as he went to town on the ice cream.
"What's wrong?" Grace's brow furrowed, concerned. She didn't put two and two together. She must not have known what Aly looked like. "You don't look well."
"That was Alyssa…with Nathan."
***
Grace and I didn't say anything to each other as we packed her things in her car. I could barely look at Grace. I was embarrassed for being so sensitive. We only talked with Ethan about our fun day while she drove me home. I didn't think twice about leaning over giving Grace a kiss on the cheek when I said goodbye, thanking her. I even lingered for a moment, allowing my hurt and anger to control my needy urge for affection, until Ethan started laughing at us.
What was I thinking? Ugh.
I couldn't act that way in front of him. What was wrong with me? I mentally slapped myself as I walked through my front door, confused and heartbroken.
I sat in my living room, staring up at the white ceiling fan that whirled around over my head. Trying not to think about Alyssa and Nathan. She really was with him, and it was killing me. I just didn't know how to let it or her go, but I had to figure it out. I couldn't let not having her consume me, but it did…
She wasn't married yet. I still had a chance. I would figure out her volleyball tournament schedule and go to a game. I would go to her university graduation.
Switching gears now that I had a sort-of-plan, I lifted my legs up onto the coffee table and stared at the pile of Sienna's stuff. I looked at the time and laughed, because it didn't matter what time it was. I really didn't have anything going on. The songs Bobby and I had recorded were being mastered. Notting was finalizing my European tour with my booking agent, and all I was supposed to be doing was writing music…and I did that, I told myself, trying to not feel like such a lazy loser.
"Sienna, what are you up to?" I said to no one, and reached for the manuscript and pictures.
I stared at the pictures of Sienna and her sister, Stephanie. The chick she was with was definitely her older sister, and the man and kid must have been Steph's family. I don't know how long I stared at the pictures in a trance, but a knock at the door rattled me to wake up. I sat there for a long moment, hoping the person would go away. Only three people knew where I lived, and all would have called before coming over. But the person didn't go away, and kept knocking. My throat closed thinking it might have been Mr. Todd again.
When I opened the door I was shocked to shit to see Grace standing there. "What are you doing here? You okay?" I stepped toward her, searching her face.
Concern leaked out of her eyes. "Are you okay?"
"Where's Ethan?"
"He's at home, with Ester."
"I'm fine. I'll be fine." I backed inside the door. "Come, come in."
Grace passed me, wringing her hands. "I wanted to talk more, but Ethan…"
"I know, and I'm sorry. I didn't mean to act that way." I shook my head. "I'm sorry."
She followed me into the living room, and I collapsed on the sofa next to the Sienna stuff. "This is the book." I held up the bound stack of white papers. "And this is her and her sis." I tossed the pictures onto the table, and Grace reached for them as she sat down next to me.
Embarrassment filled me. I still couldn't believe I tried to kiss her goodbye in front of her kid. "Grace, I'm really sorry. Ethan shouldn't be witness to shit like that, I know better…I swear I know better."
"It's okay."
I sunk down into my seat, pulling my hair, and flung my legs up on to the coffee table with a loud thud. "It's a tough pill to swallow. You know." I threw my hand out to her. "You plan your life, and then it all goes to shit. Just like that." I felt stupid for comparing my life to hers, because there was no comparison at all. "You know what I'm trying to get at. It's all relative."
I glanced over to Grace. She looked so pretty, staring at me with deep, caring eyes that pulled me in. "Grace, you shouldn't be here. I…"
"What do you mean?" She looked away from me, running her hands over her thighs, smoothing her dress. "I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. You were pretty upset, and you said you've always had a hard time dealing…"
"I know," I sighed heavily. She was referring to my drug problem. "I'm okay now." My arms fell to my sides and I took Grace in with my eyes.
She really shouldn't be here.
And as if she read my mind, she said words that warmed my heart. "I want to be here, Jake." Her voice was low, soft and sweet. She shook her head. "I know I shouldn't be here either, but I want to be here…right now, I want to be here." She sat up straight. "What are you going to do?"
"I don't know. I mean, I have a plan, but I don't really want to talk about it right now." I reached over to her and took her hand. I wanted to, I needed to hold her. I needed her to hold me back.
She scooted closer to me, then hesitated and took my chin in her other hand. "Just for now." Then she covered her lips with her fingers, as if shocked at hearing her own words. I pulled her to me.
"Yeah," I agreed. She curled up next to me, resting her head in the crook of my neck. Her warmth sent a comforting sensation through me, spreading like fire, melting away the cold emptiness I'd been feeling.
Just for now, this felt right.

Love Amplified
A Heavy Influence Novel
3
The final installment
COMING FALL 2015
Visit online retailers for other
Heavy Influence Series books
First Kiss
Fever Pitch
Broken Notes

