

To the Sea
By Deirdre Riordan Hall

To the Sea
Copyright© 2014 Deirdre Riordan Hall
All Rights Reserved
Distributed by Smashwords

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical,       including photocopying, recording, or by any informational storage and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author/publisher except where permitted by law.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



“The cure for everything is salt water: tears, sweat, and the sea.” 
-Isak Dinesan




Part 1: Tears
“for whatever we lose (like a you or a me?/ it’s always ourselves we find in the sea.”
– e.e. Cummings

Chapter One

Late night. Don’t wait up for me. Kiss. 
At the sight of the text, Kira’s knuckles blanched from gripping her phone so tightly. She quelled the temptation to chuck it across the room. The only thing stopping her was the thought of having the vintage linen paint of her custom colonial touched up. 
She blew out the tapered candles, immersing herself in darkness. Before she found the dining room dimmer switch, she drew a deep breath, reminding herself that Jeremy’s new position at the firm kept him busy, but it wouldn’t always be that way. As she returned the unused dinnerware to the china cabinet, she decided to hang onto one of the wineglasses. 
Alone again, Kira nibbled the cold asparagus and mushroom risotto. Her cell phoned jingled, startling her in the silent house. For one hopeful moment, she thought it was Jeremy, their plans for the romantic night back on. Her best friend’s name lit up the screen. 
“Hey, Nic,” she answered. 
“Hey yourself, what’s wrong?” After years of late night calls, gripes about guys—on Nicole’s end—and knowing each other like sisters, she knew something was off just by the dropped tone of Kira’s greeting. 
“Nothing. I’d just planned a dinner in and—”
“He’s late?”
“No, he cancelled,” Kira said, glancing at the guidebook to Paris on the kitchen island. 
After the ceremony last fall, they settled for a night’s stay at a B&B in Nantucket, but already that seemed ages ago. The promise of visiting the City of Light for a proper honeymoon strengthened her on nights like these. 
“I’m sorry. I wish we were closer. What city could we live in together? Each week we could have a girl’s night out or stay in and watch You’ve got Mail, eat Ben and Jerry’s—I know you love Chubby Hubby. Or how about teleporting? A portkey, maybe?” 
Kira squeaked out a laugh. Sometimes she wondered if it’d been smart to marry so young, she was just out of college. 
They wrapped up the call with details about their respective jobs, and Nicole listened intently while Kira outlined some of the itinerary she’d planned for Paris. 
Once off the phone, Kira sighed and grabbed a wedge of the chocolate and raspberry tart she’d bought at a quaint little bakery. Along with the full wineglass, she slouched upstairs to her bedroom, alone. 
She unpinned her long, brown hair and sat on the end of the bed with the wine in one hand and the TV remote control in the other. The opening credits for the Bachelorette glided ironically across the screen. The suitor in the grey V-neck sweater reminded her of Jeremy with his dark brown hair, distinct eyebrows, and arched smile. 
When they met, Jeremy Annandale wasn’t a rising star at a big shot law-firm in Boston, but with Kira at Harvard where she earned a business degree. They found each other a terrific distraction from endless studying. Up until Jeremy, she’d never been serious with anyone. In high school, she committed herself to her education, not offering her heart, or anything else, to a guy. 
After graduation, Jeremy unexpectedly proposed as they celebrated with friends at an upscale steakhouse. It took Kira by surprise, but then again so did his interest. 
Just before the Bachelorette returned from a commercial break, a sneak preview of the prior season’s upcoming wedding piqued Kira’s interest, having recently orchestrated her own. 
Kira sipped her wine, cursorily keeping an ear open for Jeremy’s BMW pulling into the driveway. It was the third night that week he’d had to work late. It was a big case. He’d said, “All eyes were on him.” Jeremy liked the attention; he was a ham, an educated, well-manicured, Beemer-driving ham. 
Kira sighed deeply as Brianna slipped into a hot tub with the suitor that at least seemed to have half a wit. She dozed as they leaned in toward one another and the screen faded. 
The alarm clock roused her from a fitful sleep, but she was pleased to see Jeremy snoozing beside her. She pulled the duvet up on her side of the bed and crept to the bathroom, careful not to wake him. A few extra minutes of sleep after a late night meant she was less likely to meet a grump later in the day; that is, if she saw him that evening. 
Leaning into her custom closet, she selected a pair of grey Manolos to complete her outfit. Once downstairs, the green digital numbers on the microwave clock warned there was only enough time to pour a cup of coffee, grab a muffin from the pantry, and dash out the door into the misty April morning. It should have been a forty-five minute commute, but often resulted in an hour and fifteen minutes locked in traffic. She thought wistfully of their old condo and the convenience of its central location in Boston.  
***
Before Kira knew it, the sounds of computers shutting down, briefcases clicking shut, and lights flicking off signaled the end of the day. Hoping Jeremy would keep their reservation at a French restaurant in the city, she checked her cell phone for messages from him. The little black letters in the awaiting speech bubble read, 
Late night again. Sorry. Let’s resched for tomorrow. Kiss.
Deflated, Kira swiveled back to her desk and took an extra half hour to finish her report. At least she and Jeremy shared a commitment to their professions. She took her time leaving the office, thankful she’d miss rush hour traffic, but disappointed she’d find out which eager suitor Brianna selected. Don’t pick a lawyer, she silently suggested. 
The unlit house on Lilac Court stood cold and empty when Kira returned. She fixed herself leftovers and sat at the center island flipping through mail. She picked up an envelope from Winter, her older sister, who sent her hand written letters once a month—her way of staying in touch without them actually having to speak. 
They couldn’t be more different, yet they were alike in one precise way. As soon as they were able, they high-tailed it as far as possible from the commune their parents raised them on. Not far in the physical sense, Winter, her partner Acacia, and their children, lived in southern Connecticut and Kira, just outside Boston. However, they distanced themselves emotionally, each erecting a fortification of civilization, education, and a kind of order that their free-spirited hippie parents never offered.
Dear Summer, 	
I hope you’ve settled into your house and have the pantry, medicine cabinets, drawers, and chests organized alphabetically, chronologically, and categorically. I’m expecting perfection when we spend Thanksgiving with you. I’m kidding. But I’m not, actually. With the new baby due at the end of the summer, I just don’t think Acacia and I will be able to pull off another big meal this year, so we’re leaving it up to you. Time to pass the baton, as they say. But you have months to prepare, so pull out your notebooks, or whatever high-tech gadget you use, along with some post-its and page dividers, and get on it. The seven of us will only accept the best. You know I’m teasing.
Winter went on to describe in careful detail the lives of her children, their firsts, and of course, drama from the commune. Although their father died and their mother took off, Kira was thankful not to have any contact with the vestiges of her past. The patchouli, drum circles, and lentils were long behind her. Winter closed the letter with her usual, 
Look after yourself and keep happy. Love, Winter
She always used their given names, Summer and Winter; though as a young business professional, Kira used her middle name, which was slightly more acceptable. Kira Speranza or now that she was married, Kira Speranza-Annandale sounded far more respectable. 
Winter was witty and irreverent and said Summer Speranza sounded like a stripper’s name. She suggested she keep it, if only to annoy stodgy colleagues. The truth was it annoyed her. She would have preferred Jane or something similarly simple, easy to spell, easy to pronounce, and easy to understand. Jane would have been suitable, Summer Kira Speranza was another animal altogether, and she had yet to meet her. 
Uncorking the bottle of Pinot from the night before, she once again adjourned to the bedroom, alone. She was less than riveted by the romance between Brianna and her men, yet yearned for some of her own. 
Kira picked up her cell phone to send Jeremy a text, but realized they hadn’t actually spoken that day or the one before. 
She considered surprising him with take-out and a little hanky-panky at the office, like she’d bravely done at his frat house back in college, but he’d made it clear that the firm was no place for such things. 
After tapping his icon to call, the electronic ring sounded a few times. There was a muffled noise before Jeremy’s, “Hello.” 
“Hi,” Kira said, her voice scratchy from disuse.
“What’s up?” Jeremy asked hastily. “Everything alright?”
“I just—” she paused. The space and time dividing them stretched before her, making her unsure what to say. “I just wanted to see how you were,” Kira said, clearing her throat. 
 “Ugh,” he said. “Just getting this finished up. The end is in sight, though. Not to worry.” 
“Good. I miss our evenings together.” 
“It’ll be a late one again. Don’t wait up for me,” he said. 
Kira heard a banging sound and laughter. “What’s that? Is someone—” she started.
“Oh that? Just the cleaning crew checking if I’m still here.” His voice came out strained.
“Are you sure everything’s okay?”
“Yeah. I’m just working on this big case. Don’t worry; I’ll make it up to you.” 
 She’d heard that before. Nevertheless, a small smile spread on her lips. “Miss you.” 
“Yeah, me too.” With that, they said good night, and Kira rolled over, hoping he’d soon be sleeping softly beside her. 
She hugged her crimson Harvard sweatshirt tightly, thinking back to when they’d met. Over the years, her books hadn’t provided the best companionship and Kira welcomed his attention. She longed for the romance of plays and novels or reality TV for that matter. But their whirlwind relationship and the pressures of school, followed by current commitments at work, left little time for that sort of thing. 
On nights alone, Kira wondered if she was just another notch in Jeremy’s belt, the pretty and intelligent wife added to championship rowing, a legendary fraternity, the law degree from a prestigious university, a budding career, and a well-to-do family. Adrift in thoughts of the past and her present longing, she fell asleep.

Chapter Two

A ringing sound in Kira’s dream jarred her to waking as she realized it came from the house phone. It startled her and instantly she knew there was a problem. Everyone she could think of in her groggy state would dial her cell. Her feet cold on the wood floor, she stumbled to the hall, where the phone rang insistently. 
A tinny voice on the other end asked to speak to Mrs. Speranza-Annandale. 
“Yes, this is she,” she said a bit breathlessly. 
“I’m sorry to report your husband has been in an accident. He’s here at Mass General.” Whatever the caller said after that sounded fuzzy, as if Kira had cotton in her ears. In a haze of disbelief and fear, she brought herself to her Mercedes, half-dressed and half-in pajamas. 
She didn’t remember starting the engine or backing out of the driveway, but found herself weaving through the damp and sleeping streets of Boston. Her thoughts alternated between fearing the worst, to convincing herself that everything was going to be fine. She gripped the steering wheel to steady the tremors that jerked through her. At a red light, her eyes blurred with tears, but she quickly wiped them away. Nearing the emergency room, the dark night sky pressed down on her, filling her mind with fearful thoughts.   
Kira rushed up to the first person wearing scrubs, looking for answers. Harried, the nurse directed her to check in. Sweat glazed Kira’s palms as Jeremy’s name slid off her tongue, thick and out of place in the bright ER. As she waited, worry clutched her temples, then her jaw, and her throat. It slinked down into her stomach, settling with tarry queasiness. Shortly after, a nurse appeared. Her laminated ID badge read, “Laura Ramirez.”
“Miss, I’m terribly sorry. Your husband is here. He’s currently in surgery.” 
“What happened?” Kira choked out. 
The nurse cleared her throat. “When the paramedics got to him on the north end, they found his vehicle wrapped around a telephone pole. It’d been raining, the temperature must have dropped, and the roads were slick.” 
Kira’s fingers pressed into her lips, holding back a desperate wail. She didn’t dare unglue them. 
Another nurse approached and the two quickly conferred. “Excuse me a moment,” Nurse Laura said.
Rocked by disbelief, Kira wondered why Jeremy had been in the north end, not anywhere near his office. Distress and denial forced clouded thoughts upon her like a thick fog. As Nurse Laura offered a few more details, her voice faded into the hum and battery of the hospital, vibrantly awake even at the early hour. The words blurred into the memory of when her father had slowly left this world. With a steadying breath, she lowered her hand from her mouth and quickly composed herself, summoning strength from having dealt with tragedy before.
“Can you tell me how he is?” Kira asked, climbing back into the moment. 
Nurse Laura didn’t meet her eyes. 
“They’re doing what they can.” 
A sharp sniff escaped, betraying the distress Kira struggled against like a stiff current. Nurse Laura placed her hand comfortingly on Kira’s arm. 
“Please, come have a seat,” she said, beckoning Kira to a small alcove out of the glare of the ER. After bringing Kira a cup of coffee, the nurse excused herself. 
Kira’s unfocused gaze flitted over to an older couple and two young men sitting a distance from her, the woman sobbing softly into a tissue. After what seemed like an eternity, Laura returned with a doctor, whose tired, grey eyes suggested sadness, and too many reminders of mortality.
“Can I see him? When will he recover?” she sputtered. The words were distant and foreign on her tongue.
 “Mrs. Speranza-Annandale, I regret to inform you that we’ve lost your husband.” 
Kira didn’t hear the rest as her hand immediately returned to her mouth. The act of pressing her fingers to her lips ensured she contained the primitive and lamenting sound that begged to be released, at least until she was alone. 
Her eyes threatened to spill tears, but she fought them back as her heart overflowed. The doctor stood there awkwardly. Then, as Nurse Laura knelt by Kira’s side, he swept away. 
“I’m so sorry,” she said. 
Kira’s body registered the situation more than her mind as it fought against wracking sobs. But she held it together, clutching at the possibility that there had been a mistake. 
“Would you like to see him one more time?” Nurse Laura asked. 
Kira closed her eyes. There was nothing there but blank space, stretching endlessly in darkness. No thoughts formed. No images flashed behind her eyelids. Emptiness and silence pressed against her, threatening to consume her, until the nurse’s hand on her arm, once again, startled her back to the present. 
“Miss Speranza-Annandale, are you okay?” Kira shook her head. No, she could never imagine being okay again. Nonetheless, her legs carried her to a room where Jeremy rested motionless on a gurney. The void of grief opened for her then, but she politely waited to collapse into it until she was alone.  
***
The large, circular clock on the hospital’s wall showed that night had indeed brought a new day, but one Kira didn’t want to face. Jeremy’s family blinked in and out of her periphery, a blur of paperwork and phone calls demanding everyone’s attention.
Finally, unable to drive, a rainy cab ride home brought on a kind of exhaustion Kira had never experienced. As she practically sleepwalked upstairs, she unplugged the hall phone, turned off her cell, and drew the blinds. She collapsed on her side of the bed and let grief sweep her into the void. 
As minutes turned into hours, the rest she yearned for failed to bring comfort. Her thoughts were soupy, repetitive layers of time spent in the hospital, and the hollow feeling of Jeremy’s absence. She considered maybe it was a dream, a nightmare. 
She rolled over and stared at Jeremy’s still-made side of the bed. Kira slipped her hand under the top sheet. It was cold, telling her, like a pinch on the arm, that she was rooted in reality. She slid over and rested her head on his pillow, taking in the lingering smell of his spicy aftershave. Like a sedative, it quickly put her to sleep. 
When she woke, her eyes dry from her contacts, the shadowy lack of light through the shades indicated nighttime. Disoriented, she sat up. Like pressing replay, the reason she rested on Jeremy’s side of the bed became vividly clear. 
Like the banks of a raging river, Kira’s eyes threatened to release a deluge of tears, but she fought them. This was not the fairytale ending she’d expected. The script she’d auditioned for included the nice house in the suburbs where they’d entertain friends, take ski trips, and maybe, although she hadn’t thought much about it, have a family. And their upcoming honeymoon, they were newlyweds after all; she’d just graduated college, they were so young. Death was not supposed to happen so early on. It wasn’t part of her plan. She weakly struggled with the fact that this was the end. 
She rolled over, tucked into a ball, and willed herself back to sleep. 
***
Days wove dully in and out of one another. Kira ignored the voice in her head that suggested she turn on her phone, answer the door, or eat.
Her body ached from despair, from disbelief, and loneliness. Finally, she reached for her cell phone and powered it up. She hoped Jeremy had left a message. As she flipped through an assortment of missed calls from her sister, Nicole, Jeremy’s parents, and a host of friends, she realized, with clarity, that she wouldn’t find a call from him. There was no mistake; their last words to each other were good night. It was almost the same as goodbye, but not quite. 
She couldn’t bear to listen to the messages. She watched the numbers on the clock change until they blurred green. 
When she woke again, it was morning. She opened the curtains halfway, the light stinging her eyes. She took a deep breath, flooding her body with the memory of energy, vitality. 
Kira steadied herself on the stairs, faint with hunger. She returned to bed, nibbling on dry crackers, and idly checked her email. Distressingly, the first displayed was a confirmation from the hotel she’d booked in Paris next month, having diligently planned almost every detail of the honeymoon.
Kira sunk back into the feather pillow, closed her eyes, and waited. Waited to fall asleep again, waited to wake up, waited for someone to pop out from behind the armoire and shout something ridiculous like, “You’re on candid camera.” As she lay there, all was silent except for the dull sound of someone’s dog barking in the distance. 
Her stomach growled, but she wasn’t hungry, only thirsty, and lonely. She rolled over. Her half-filled glass of wine, from several nights ago, sat on the side table like a sanguine punctuation mark, before and after. 
Aching, she got up and picked up the glass to refill it. Someone knocked on the door. Peeking downstairs, the familiar face of her best friend, Nicole, peered in through the etched glass. Kira slowly descended. 
With windblown hair, and shirt askew, revealing she’d driven directly from Manhattan, Nicole pulled Kira into her arms. Kira held onto her like a life raft. Nicole weathered Kira through the passing of her father and her mother’s subsequent exodus. In times of crises, Kira required order, cleanliness, and the semblance of normalcy. Most of all, she wanted quiet; not the kind that crushed her with grief, but that silenced the despairing thoughts of loss with nowhere to land except on her heart. Kira drifted in and out of sleep, comforted in Nicole’s arms. 
Nicole and Kira had come from different worlds. Nicole’s family was rife with educated deans, chairs, and CEOs. On the other end of the spectrum, to Kira’s chagrin, she hailed from a hippie commune via an ashram. Her parents did little more than contrive ways to avoid responsibility. 
They’d found each other, bursting to get out of the same small town, and built their friendship upon the desire to see the world and break some rules, namely the ones their respective families set out for them. Kira accomplished her goal; instead of illegally growing hemp and practicing free love, she obtained an education and a career. She imagined they’d switch roles and Nicole would drop out and hook up with a hippie band on tour, but she graduated college just as her family dictated.
When the sun’s cloud-muted light shone through the east-facing window, Kira woke. She met the gentleness in Nicole’s eyes, inviting her to be quiet, talk, or do whatever she needed. 
 “Kira, I’m so sorry,” Nicole said, her face flushed with tears. 
“Thank you for coming,” she said softly. 
“Of course,” Nicole answered. 
Through glassy eyes, Kira dimly looked around the house she’d always wanted. “This,” she said, pointing to the high ceilings, the polished wooden bannister, and large windows, “it means nothing now. There’s no future. Lilac Court, so quaint, so perfect, it’s meaningless.” Kira sniffled. “What am I going to do?” 
She knew Nicole didn’t have an answer. Reclining on the couch, Kira closed her eyes, wishing for something different. 
Nicole rubbed her back. Before she drifted off to sleep, Nicole whispered, “Time.” 
When Kira woke, it was dark. 
“Would you like to shower? I’ll get you some clean clothes,” Nicole said, working as Kira’s conduit to order. 
Afterward, feeling somewhat refreshed, Kira knew Nicole had to return to Manhattan soon, but she wasn’t ready to be alone again. Yet, she didn’t know how else to be. The sting of loss pierced her ability to speak. It gripped her in a way that made it hard to move. All she could do was just be. 
Later, they listened to the voicemails on Kira’s cell phone. Nicole skillfully and diplomatically guided her through each one, noting numbers, times, and actions; she didn’t work in foreign policy for nothing.  
Nicole ordered take-out and made sure Kira ate, tidied up around the house, and left her a list of what she needed to do Monday morning. Afterward, Kira held Nicole in a long hug, afraid to let go. 
“Call me any time, day, or night. I’m only a phone call away if you need to talk.” 
Nicole departed, and with her went Kira’s grip on her emotions. The house suddenly felt shrouded in silence, not the tranquil quiet Nicole created, but the lonely, viscous silence that left Kira thick with desolation. 
She reluctantly extracted herself from her divot on the couch, went up to her room, and noted Nicole had made the bed. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to get in and disturb its decorative pillows and the smooth duvet. It seemed like a raw and vulnerable place to be. However, the invisible heaviness pushed down on her, and she slunk into Jeremy’s spot. She slept until, preset, her alarm woke her for work. 
Going to the office wasn’t an option. 
“Widow,” Kira said, gazing at the ceiling. The word stuck in her throat as she caught sight of the photo of Jeremy she kept on her dresser. It drew Kira into a daze. The light through the transom windows grew bright as the sun tried to find an opening in the cloud cover. 
Eventually, Kira plodded downstairs to the list Nicole had made for her. Among the items written in Nicole’s slanted script was a reminder to return to the hospital for Jeremy’s effects and a series of difficult phone calls to make such funeral arrangements, tax matters, and his will. 
Uninterested in doing any of those things, or anything that resembled activity at all, Kira showered again. She let the routine act of soaping, brushing, and dressing provide distance from her grief. Order, cleanliness, and a semblance of normalcy chorused in her mind like a refrain. Realizing she’d left her car at the hospital, she called a cab. 
When Kira approached the sliding doors at Mass General, they whooshed open, and the antiseptic smell unique to hospitals bit her nose. Paralyzed, she couldn’t make herself go in. Imagining reliving the footsteps she took in the early hours Saturday agonized her. She backed away, gave the valet the ticket to her Mercedes, and sped home. 
Still on autopilot, she arranged Jeremy’s funeral for the coming weekend near the Annandale family home on the Cape. She pressed talk on her phone, reluctantly making the call to his mother. 
“After the funeral we’ll have a gathering at our home,” Mrs. Annandale said crisply. “I will inform the guests of these arrangements.” 
Kira tried to interject, but Jeremy’s mother steamrolled on. “He elected for cremation. As the widow, you’ll receive the ashes.” 
“I—” Kira wanted to offer condolence. She longed to hear comforting words. To have a mother tell her everything was going to be okay, to promise her that she’d pull out of this. 
“We had a lifetime of memories with our son, and because you intended to create a lifetime of memories together, let’s consider it a kindness for you to keep them.” The older woman finally paused for a breath, allowing Kira to consider how this was both crushing and comforting. 
It was yet another indication that her fairy tale dreams had ended. Jeremy was gone. 
Mrs. Annandale concluded the call with several more details that Kira hardly retained; her thoughts were awash in turbid waters between longing and misery. 
***
The week blurred by, Kira alternatingly sleeping at odd hours, tending to widow-related matters, and endlessly organizing her house. She shuffled and sorted closets and drawers, scrubbed and polished everything with a surface, reorganized the books by category, then alphabetically, and then by color. The domestic creativity did nothing to brighten her spirits as it ordinarily did. Even the garage was not immune to her voracious and meticulous hands. 
All too soon, on a drizzly, cloud-smeared day, Kira found herself seated in the front row at the funeral home with her in-laws, Jeremy’s three brothers, and their wives. For a bizarre instant, she felt as if she were only in the room in body, and her mind had ventured elsewhere, somewhere happy, free of pain and sadness. She felt disconnected from the gentle hugs, pats on the arm, and condolences, yet the gravitas of the day pressed on her from the inside where no one could see. 
Kira returned to the empty house on Lilac Court with the remains of Jeremy in a burnished black metallic urn. She ventured from the kitchen to the wine-cabinet, and then upstairs, leaving the urn on the mantel. 
Once back in bed, although exhausted, Kira tossed and turned, Jeremy’s ashes downstairs left her unsettled. She didn’t receive specific instructions about what to do with them; ultimately, it was up to her. She wondered why she and Jeremy had never talked about death or anything having to do with the future. Then again, they were young, healthy, and had their best years ahead of them. Kira supposed he could remain on the mantel indefinitely. Maybe it was her earthy-crunchy-hippy heritage, but remaining in that black container for all eternity didn’t seem right. 
She crept out of Jeremy’s side of the bed and went downstairs. Kira quietly whispered, “Where would you like to rest?” 
The dim moonlight made the dark urn look almost sinister. She rubbed goose bumps off her arms.
Next thing, Kira heard a crash and rushed to the hall closet, where the umbrella she’d used earlier appeared to have opened and fallen. As she picked it up to refasten the snap, the shiny white and buff surfboard Jeremy had used all summer stood like a beacon, leaning on the wall in the closet. 
She ran her fingers over its smooth surface, imagined him paddling out, and riding a wave. She’d never actually seen him surf; he knew she didn’t like the beach and its unkempt landscape. She preferred pools to fresh or salt water, and even that stretched her far beyond her comfort zone. Kira preferred the certainty of dry land. She imagined Jeremy’s tousled, wet hair and sly grin as he rode a wave triumphantly to shore. 
He took up the sport last summer, gone for long weekends. Like so often, his repeated absence irked her, but now she would give nearly anything to get those moments back. Loss chewed her up, spit her out, and then trampled her heart.
Nevertheless, in that moment, Kira knew the ocean was the place to bring Jeremy’s ashes. It wasn’t a place they’d shared in common, but given how much he went over the summer and the glow he had when he returned, she knew it must have been special to him. He grew up by the beach on the Cape and paddled the Charles with crew; he belonged back in the water. 
Resolved, Kira leaned the surfboard on the wall by the door. Taking a deep breath, a single tear fell. She let it run down her face, and plop onto her shirt. Another followed, and another, until she could taste the salt in her mouth.

Chapter Three

Another sleepless night haunted Kira with memories. Like pages in a scrapbook, images of the past flooded her ind, including Jeremy and his fraternity brothers teasing and jesting, nights studying side by side, frat parties, and a trip to the stacks on the fourth floor of the library, where he convinced her to have sex. Then the feeling of pride that Jeremy picked her over countless girls who were crazy for him, along with sleepy breakfasts, café lunches, and dinners. 
She recalled a ski trip to Vermont, where she matched him on the slopes in ability. Kira watched in slow-motion, the graduation party, walking down the aisle to Jeremy’s side, their night in Nantucket. Then there were hours spent touring houses and sending him photos from her phone, finally signing the deed, trips to home goods stores with his credit card, encouraging her to buy the entire line of Martha Stewart innovative organizational products, followed by unpacking and decorating. All the while, ceaseless pain snaked its way into each image. 
The memories marched on as the tears ran relentlessly down Kira’s face, and then the deluge abruptly stopped. She realized there weren’t any more memories unless she counted pale mornings waking up beside Jeremy, dashing off to work, and waiting for him to come home, but falling asleep before he returned. Her curtailed marriage forced further sobs to sweep through her. 
She went to the shower. Like a stream converging with a river, tears ran into the warm water as it rained down from overhead. This time the tears weren’t about the past, they were about the lost future. 
Kira returned to the edge of the bed, wrapped in a robe, and stared out into the predawn darkness. An early bird chirped outside, signaling a moratorium on Kira’s doleful thoughts, and a plan formed in her mind.  
Cradling the black urn in the crook of one arm, Kira took the sleek surfboard in the other. As she exited, she caught a breath of crisp night air on her way to the black Mercedes. 
The surfboard didn’t fit into the back of the SUV without blocking her rearview. She found ties in the garage, and managed to get the thing on the roof. How someone navigated the slippery, awkward thing in the water, never mind on land, was beyond her. 
As the sibilant GPS guided her to the ocean, a subdued ginger glow peeked above the horizon where a blaze of sun should have been. 
Kira pulled into the parking lot adjacent to a broadly spanning beach at high tide. Far off, a black figure stretched and then dashed into the water with a surfboard. 
The water rhythmically ebbed and flowed. Her lip quivered. Tears welled and poured from her eyes as if they were attracted to the salty water of the ocean beyond. 
The sun tried to present itself up over the horizon, but the misty clouds and fog muted its light. More figures in sleek, black wetsuits scaled the short wall dividing the parking lot from the beach. She imagined Jeremy joining their ranks. 
Kira sat in the parking lot, the urn resting beside her like a passenger. The stiff wind aggravated the waves as they fought their way to shore. She sat frozen, unable to get out of the car and proceed with part two of her plan. Part one was to get herself to the ocean, a place she’d avoided because of the itchy sand, the hair-ruffling breeze, and its wild unpredictability. Part two was to walk toward the sea, and part three—she hadn’t yet penned the thought in her mind. She knew what she had to do, but becoming a widow came with its particular challenges, like meeting reality on a daily basis, never mind getting out of bed. So part three was more of an abstract theory. Letting go. How could she let go?
A dark-haired surfer settled on the partition wall in Kira’s line of sight as the waves rolled in and out. He set his board across his lap, applied what looked like a bar of soap, and then leaned the board on the wall in the sand in front of him. He lifted his chin and watched the waves. A seagull landed a few feet to his left and gazed in the same direction. The three of them watched the foggy and foamy ocean intently, each for their own purposes. 
As the waves crashed relentlessly into the sand, Kira felt as if they came down upon her in the form of sadness, loneliness, loss, fear, and longing, each in turn. She couldn’t bear life without Jeremy, which made getting out of the car and releasing his ashes, impossible.  
Seconds after she turned the key in the ignition, the seagull took flight. The surfer on the wall watched it dip and glide for a few moments. Then he glanced over his shoulder as Kira started to back out of the parking spot, the urn resting safely beside her. She couldn’t let go. She couldn’t do it. Not yet.
Upon returning to Lilac Court, Kira retreated to her room, drew the shades, and lay down. Behind her closed eyes, as if burned into her retinas, the pulsation of the waves flashed and sprayed. Sleep eluded her, and the scent of Jeremy on the pillow had dissipated. She craved both with a feeble yearning. 
Kira pulled up on the screen of her Mac and looked at her email. Condolences, ads, spam, and a confirmation reminder from the hotel in Paris were stacked chronologically. She knew she should cancel the hotel reservation, but couldn’t bring her finger to the keypad. Acknowledging it was another way to make losing Jeremy final. 
She closed her eyes, trying to remember his voice when he said goodnight that last time. The sound and smell of him, the way he moved, and his laugh, faded in her mind. Sobbing, she tried to wish it all back.  
Through her tears, the glow on the computer screen blurred. Kira reached for the glass of water on her nightstand. Her fingers, weak from clenching them tightly to her chest, lost her grasp on the glass. It poured, almost in slow motion, onto the laptop keyboard. 
With helpless frustration, she managed more tears as she set the computer, in a soupy mess, on the floor, and went to fetch a towel. 
Later that afternoon, her phone jingled. The caller was Frank Brinkman, the senior account executive at Henniker, who oversaw the Foster-Davis project that Kira had been working on prior to her bereavement leave. She considered not answering it. She’d extended her leave and then arranged to telecommute, though for the first time in her adult life, she had no interest in work or fulfilling her responsibilities. Then she thought of Alice, kind and hardworking, her project partner, managing it alone. She pressed answer.
“Kira, hello, this is Frank Brinkman. How are you doing?” he asked delicately.
Clearing her throat, she responded, “Fine, thank you for asking.”
 “I understand you’ve recently suffered a loss. We are very, very sorry.”  
“Yes, thank you,” Kira said. The words were stiff on her tongue. 
“Your presence at the office has been missed and we’re hoping we’ll be seeing you soon.” Kira knew this was his polite way of saying she’d better get back to her desk.
“Yes, I was thinking I’d return fresh on Monday.” The words tumbled out of her mouth without her considering their implication. She had to pull it together by Monday. It was Thursday. The chasm between then and now seemed uncrossable. 
“I’m so pleased to hear that. Well, you take it easy then, enjoy the weekend, and we’ll see you first thing Monday morning.”
After the call, she went downstairs to refresh her water and figure out what to do with the laptop. The urn resting on the mantel startled her. It looked out of place. Jeremy's urn belonged in a trophy case or on the stately stone mantel at his parents' house, but not on theirs. He didn’t belong in their house like that. He would have wanted to be free. Maybe that was just the filter of Kira’s obscure desires, but her attention turned once more to the ocean. Yes, tomorrow she’d try again. She’d leave early and set his ashes free in the sea. 
Kira placed the laptop on the counter, retrieved her hair dryer, and set to work trying to dry it out. She pushed the laptop’s silver on button, but it failed to brighten. She had a lot of material for work stored on it. She stared at the screen vacantly, thinking maybe it just needed to dry off, warm up, and it would miraculously turn on. Like her, maybe it just needed time. Then she remembered the file drive that she’d copied some of the reports to, though anything she did before that fateful night had begun to seem uncertain, like the fogginess of déjà vu. The phone rang again.
“Lookin’ for Jeremy Annandale,” said a thick Boston accent. 
This wasn’t the first time she’d fielded calls on his behalf, each one wrenching the loss tighter in her chest. She willed her voice not to crack. “He’s not available.” Kira steadied her breath.  
“Well, uh, no one’s called back about Mr. Annandale’s car, and we haven’t received orders to fix it or scrap.” He went on to describe what would be required to repair it. Kira opted for the latter. 
“Fine. There are a few things he’ll need to pick up and some papers to sign.” 
She swallowed hard. “Unfortunately, I’ll have to come down.”
The exchange reminded Kira she also needed to go to the hospital to pick up Jeremy’s possessions. Heavily, she decided she’d do this after her trip to the ocean in the morning. She also realized in the last few weeks nearly all her interactions with people had been over the phone, with the exception of Nicole’s visit and the funeral. Maybe going to the office and being around people would be helpful. However, with the prospect of collecting the things Jeremy had just before he died, the ensuing tears did little to convince her she was ready to reenter the world.
                                                              ***
Still awake at half past four in the morning, Kira got dressed. She hardly listened to the directions this time, though the voice on the GPS felt like company. 
Kira pulled into the lot. The dome of the sky appeared in a shade of grey that could either give way to sunshine or remain like a woven blanket shrouding the blue beyond. A few black clad figures sat distantly on the water, buoyed by their boards. 
A dark-haired surfer, presumably the same one from before, sat on the wall. Again, a seagull appeared, glass black eyes never leaving the waves. 
The surfer glanced in Kira’s direction when she turned off the engine. Once again, a wash of emotions flooded her, threatening to crush her heart, her lungs, and her very being. She closed her eyes as if by not being able to see the pounding ocean’s waves, the waves of grief and pain would also disappear, but she could still hear them washing to the shore. 
A light rap on the passenger’s side window startled her. The surfer smiled warmly. Kira fumbled to open the window, and as she did so, he pointed toward the roof. When the window came down, a mixture of salt air and the scent of coconut wafted into the Mercedes. 
“Hi, sorry to bother you,” he said kindly. 
She approximated what once may have been a smile in return, but her facial muscles felt stiff. She had the odd awareness the expression looked plastered on her face.
“I noticed you pulled in the other day and have a new board on the roof. It looks like it might fall off, unless you’re going to head out today.” 
Kira, in her jeans and polar fleece, looked at him blankly. She didn’t fit the profile of a surfer. If anything, she imagined she appeared lost, unmoored. The urn rested between them, a stark symbol of how far she’d traveled away from her normal self, whoever that was.
“Oh, I, um—”
“If you aren’t going out, I’ll fasten it better,” he offered helpfully.
She couldn’t begin to figure out how to explain. Intending to get the board down herself, she placed her hand on the door handle. It froze there. She couldn’t get out. Her plan, to usher Jeremy’s remains out to sea on his beloved board, was not to be. Not that day. 
Unmoving, she stared at him, at his warm brown eyes, his unshaven face, his broad and strong shoulders. She thought of Jeremy. Tears threatened. 
“I’m Ian, by the way,” he said, extending his arm to shake her hand. 
Kira took his, awkwardly, as if she hadn’t participated in this ritual greeting before. She expected his hand to be cold on the blustery morning, like hers, like the urn. However, like his eyes and his smile, it warmed her through.
“Kira,” she said softly. 
“Do you surf much?” 
She shook her head. “No, never.” She eyed the ocean warily. He cocked his head to the side, perhaps trying to connect the dots between her arrival at the beach with a surfboard on a morning, she presumed, only enjoyed by diehards. 
“If you ever want a lesson, I work at the Boardroom surf shop just up the road. In the meantime, I’ll tie this down better,” he said, helpfully pointing to the board she had haphazardly lashed to the roof. 
Kira managed to open the door and get out. The ties blew loosely like ribbons in the wind. He was right; the board probably would have fallen off on the highway. But she felt exposed, the ocean too close, and the stranger too unaware of her heartache.

Chapter Four

As the memory of the salty smell of the ocean faded, Kira remembered to stop at the hospital and auto body to collect Jeremy’s belongings. Using the GPS to navigate the labyrinthine streets of Boston proper was futile. Trying to navigate the streets without it was worse, so with a few landmarks she knew from her days on foot, along with the GPS,—in a tone that bordered on begging as it repeated, recalculating—Kira managed to arrive at “Sully’s Garage.” After waiting in the unattended office for ten minutes, she timidly poked her head into the garage itself. 
“Can I help you?” a mechanic called from beneath a Toyota.
“I’m here to pick up Jeremy Annandale’s things.” Kira willed herself not to fall apart. The mechanic rolled out on a dolly and picked up an oil-stained box. Peering in, she saw Jeremy’s laptop, his iPod, and a few other incidentals. Back in the car, Kira let out a deep breath. 
In the daylight, the daunting ride to Mass General was surreal. The fluffy clouds looked like doodled cartoons and the people, as they passed, going about their everyday lives, like caricatures. 
The familiar, yet aseptic scent of the hospital slapped Kira in the face as the automatic doors whooshed open. She faltered, but forced herself on. 
An older woman, her face lined with kindness, signed out the paper bag labeled Jeremy Annandale. Kira took it delicately in her hands. As she passed the nurses’ station, Nurse Laura caught her attention. 
“Mrs. Speranza-Annandale,” she called, her sneakers squeaking as she trotted down the hall. Her face looked carefully arranged as she handed Kira the familiar black leather wallet she’d given Jeremy for Christmas. 
“The woman who was brought in with him, well, it was with her things, must have been a mix-up. Realizing it didn’t belong to their daughter, the family just returned it this morning. Mix-up,” she repeated, flustered.
Kira suddenly felt lightheaded, the overhead fluorescents shone too bright, and the sound of an ambulance behind her dizzying. Laura pressed her lips together as if stopping them from saying more.
“I don’t understand,” Kira said. 
“I’m sorry,” Laura said with a look of empathy on her face. 
“What do you mean the woman?” Kira asked carefully.
“The passenger in the accident, her family was in the waiting room with you. Don’t worry she’ll be okay.” 
Kira looked at her blankly. 
“I thought you knew each—” 
A speaker crackled, “Nurse Laura Ramirez ER Room 3B.” The nurse gently squeezed Kira’s arm and then hurried down the corridor. 
Kira felt like someone had picked her up, turned her upside down, shook her, and all the inside-matter wasn’t sure where to settle. A woman, a coworker, a friend or—? With Jeremy? She didn’t allow herself to progress to the next possibility, but instead staggered to her car, driving immediately home, the collection of Jeremy’s possessions arranged around the urn on the passenger seat.
Kira set the black container, the cardboard box, and the paper bag on the counter next to Jeremy’s wallet. Tentatively, she opened the paper bag and found clothing, Jeremy’s watch stopped at six twelve—a.m. or p.m., she wondered. They must have had to remove it in the ER, along with his wedding band, his key fob, and his cell phone. It was dead, his car destroyed, he was no longer married, and time didn’t matter, she thought darkly. 
Following this, Kira dug through the box from the garage and aside from a map, his electronics, some gum, and sunglasses; everything depressingly reminded her that, like his cell phone, Jeremy was also dead. The word sounded so harsh. She tried to summon a synonym, but the four letters remained as if forever etched into her vocabulary. 
Just then, Kira’s cell rang, and the caller ID showed, Alice Schulz, her partner on the Foster-Davis account. 
“Alice, hi,” Kira said, clearing her throat, still knocking off the rust from not having interacted with humanity for a while.  
“I’m so sorry,” she started, “how are you?” 
Although Kira could vaguely recall the appropriate response to this question, something along the lines of okay, fine, good, or great, for some reason she paused to assess how she truly felt. Crushed. Dazed. Crippled. Agonized. The smell of the grease from the cardboard box, the memories of the hospital in the paper bag, and the question of why Jeremy’s wallet had been with another family, clogged her mind. 
“Alice, I’m —” No words formed. Gutted. Depressed. Lost. Confused. 
Alice politely filled in. “I can’t imagine Kira, I really can’t. I’m so sorry.” There was nothing to fill the silence. “Listen, I’d tell you to take as much time as you need, so I’m sorry to ask you this; Brinkman is breathing down my neck. Or more accurately, the clients are breathing down his. He’s reasonable, really, but I need your data files. I can come pick them up,” Alice offered apologetically, but sounded tired from late nights doing the job of two people. 
“I’m sorry. Everything is here,” Kira said, hardly remembering the material. She looked at the file drive on the counter and realized she could open it and email it to Alice with Jeremy’s computer. “I told Frank I’ll be in on Monday. In the meantime, I’ll email you everything.” 
“Thanks,” Alice said, sounding relieved. “Monday, if you’re ready.”
“See you then.” 
Once off the phone, Kira turned to Jeremy’s computer, but the battery had drained. She went upstairs to look for the cable in his home office. 
She stumbled upon several unpacked boxes, from their move, crammed under his desk. Written in black Sharpie on the side and top of each box was Jeremy’s name. When they’d moved, Kira designated black for him, red for her, purple for bathroom items, green for the kitchen, and so on. Like a schoolgirl, she traced the letters, started to open the one nearest her, but behind the box, she spied the cable, one end plugged into the wall outlet, and the other tucked under a glass paperweight on his desk.
Kira dutifully returned to the task with the computer, and as she waited for it to boot up, she clutched Jeremy’s wallet in her hands. She wondered what she ought to do with it. She considered putting it upstairs with his other boxes. Then decided she’d offer these things to his parents. 
She’d imagined, perhaps a bit unfairly, that she’d be the first one to go, never thinking about what people did with a lifetime’s worth of possessions. When her father died, the communal household absorbed everything except his eyeglasses, which she kept, and a few keepsakes her sister rescued. 
Kira opened the wallet and found a couple hundred-dollar bills, Jeremy’s license, along with credit cards, memberships, and business cards. A folded gas station receipt fluttered to the floor. The address indicated the same street where they found his Beemer. The time printed read nine-forty-seven p.m., just after they’d spoken. She imagined him, shielding his hair from the rain, pumping gas, innocently unaware that it would be his last time. Not allowing herself to define the leaden heaviness in her stomach, she wondered who the passenger was. 
Tears pricked the sides of Kira’s eyes. As she set the wallet aside, the laptop chirped to life. The home screen displayed a bird’s-eye-view photo of Jeremy’s Harvard crew team on the Charles. Kira plugged the file drive into the USB port, but before she could open it, a speech bubble popped up with the words:
Waiting for you…
Kira hovered the little arrow of the touch pad hesitantly, and then she clicked the bubble. A site called Ivy League Singles filled the screen. 
“What the—?” she said aloud. It loaded and then on the top left hand corner, a photo of Jeremy with a series of stats appeared. 
Height: 5’ 9’’ 
Weight: 165 
Hair: Brown 
Eye Color: Brown 
Listed below this was Jeremy’s University and graduating year, his career, and a little blurb that said, Looking to meet smart girls who know how to have fun. 
Kira stared unblinking in the screen’s glare. She clicked around the page a little more, found a list of potential dates, and then went to the account page. She tried to come up with an explanation, but the nervousness in the pit of her stomach, transformed into something like the truth, sitting squarely on her chest. His account page indicated he’d been a member since August of the previous year. There, she found his credit card information that she checked against the cards in his wallet to be sure. Kira gasped for breath. 
“How could—? Jeremy, why?” she said. Kira closed the laptop. She cried, clutching her arms around her chest. She paced as her tears slowed, thinking back to August. Jeremy had just helped win a big case and received a promotion. He’d celebrated with the guys from the office. The following day they decided to postpone the honeymoon in Paris until the spring because they were so busy. They married the next month, September. That was also when he’d started working longer hours. She didn’t want to feel what this meant. However, she had to know the facts. 
Kira opened the laptop again, and a new speech bubble appeared. 
Still waiting…
She clicked on it, found a history feature, and scrolled through messages Jeremy had exchanged with several women. Disgust mixed with hurt and nausea channeled from her head to her chest and down to her stomach. She followed thread after thread of conversations between him and women who had profiles on the site, feeling sicker with each one. 
After reading an exchange about favorite sexual positions, Kira navigated away from the Ivy League Singles page and opened up Jeremy’s email account. 
After some fooling with the password, she figured out it was, The Hammer, the nickname Jeremy’s rowing buddies and frat brothers called him. There were three-hundred-forty-eight unopened emails, and she started at the top. Kira systematically deleted advertisements and work-related emails. With ninety-eight left, she determined about half were from friends and associates. The remaining were from women whose names she recognized from the dating site.  
After reviewing enough to confirm her suspicions, Kira clicked to the sent folder and found countless emails to these same women, and others, about meeting up, dates, restaurant reservations, and one to his best friend Blain that read, 
She has no clue. Such a hippie, you were so right about her. Pathetic, really. She plays the good wife. Makes me dinner. Cleans. Obsessively neat. She thinks everything is just perfect, all sunshine and rainbows. She practically has unicorns jumping out of her ass, though I wouldn’t know, she’s such a prude. I can’t even remember the last time we slept together. She’s more clueless than the blonde lawyer in that movie we had to watch during rush. She has her house to decorate; won the hot husband who brings home the g’s while I get to go out and still have my fun. Win, Win Annandale. So meet me tonight at Ashe and don’t be late. I need my wingman. –J
A thick lump rose in Kira’s throat and she turned to the kitchen sink, throwing up. As she lifted her head and wiped her mouth, she looked out the window. Darkness had fallen. Reading the emails was torturous. Like a cat watching a ball go back and forth, her mind switched from not wanting to believe what she read, mixed with a deeper sadness than she had yet felt, to a rage so raw and primal, it threatened to erupt from her veins. 

Chapter Five

Kira’s cell phone vibrated. Nicole. She answered without letting it ring again. “I need you. Here. Please. Now,” Kira said, her jaw tight, hardly letting the words slip through her lips.
“Funny thing, I’m just down the street,” Nicole said.  
In no time, Nicole stood in the tiled kitchen. She held a plastic bag that wafted the sweet and sour smell of Chinese take-out, but stared, mesmerized at the granite countertop littered with what now amounted to evidence. 
“I had a meeting in Boston, though I wasn’t sure when I’d be able to break away. I thought I’d come and check on—” 
Kira lunged for Nicole and wrapped her arms around her. She cried on Nicole’s shoulder, the familiar grief mixed with relief, and a new element. Anger. A friend had come, serendipitously, to, perhaps, her most difficult trial yet—betrayal. 
The women relocated to the living room; certain the array in the kitchen would have robbed them of their appetites. A symphony in her mouth, the Chinese food tasted far better than the crackers and assorted pantry items she’d barely been subsisting on over the last few weeks. In her grief, she was unable to bring herself to the market. Now, fury brought on a new appetite. 
“I’ll tell you everything, but first, let’s eat.” 
“I see you’ve been keeping things orderly,” Nicole said, referring to shelves of photo albums and the coffee table books hidden within stacks of boxes on her last visit. Kira had arranged them artfully with bowls, a tasteful lovebird sculpture she and Jeremy had received on their wedding day, a couple’s golf tournament trophy they won at his family’s country club, and several framed photographs of family and friends. The moment she started thinking about Jeremy’s death, a lump rose in her throat, forcing itself passed anger. She pushed the white take-out container aside.  
“It was the only thing that I could do without thinking,” Kira said. 
Nicole set her Lo-Mein aside. “Tell me everything.”  
However, before she did, Kira returned to the kitchen, retrieved Jeremy’s urn from the counter, and demoted it from the mantel to a table toward the corner of the room, like an insolent child sent to a time out. 
“He should hear my heartbreak,” she said seriously. 
Nicole looked slightly amused. 
Anger, an unfamiliar companion, licked like fiery, hot flames at the edges of Kira’s mind. Her lips sunk into the flat line they’d become accustomed to. Anger and sadness vied for domination.
Kira explained the computer, the wallet, and the cell phone. Like Sherlock Holmes, Nicole pieced several things together. 
“On Friday night, there’s the call from you around 9 p.m., and at 9:47 he got gas from the Shell station. Then he met Viveca from Dartmouth, possibly at a club called Ashe. Then his phone shows he responded to a text from Ainsleigh from Brown at 10:55, agreeing to meet her as well. And a text out to Blain at eleven asking, ‘Where the hell are you? I’m getting hammered. Come for the fun, man,’” she read verbatim. She clicked through these various communiques and then again, just to be sure. 
“Son of a bitch.” Nicole’s words mimicked Kira’s anger, but a part of her, the wife who’d pledged herself to Jeremy, or perhaps the mind that wanted to deny pain, kept her quiet.
As if Nicole could read Kira’s mind she said, “Kira Speranza, you’ve been in this house suffering for the better part of a month, and no doubt losing someone you love is heartrending, truly, but all of this is proof.” She motioned to the laptop. “At your wedding, I saw him—” she stopped, reading Kira’s expression. She took a breath and let her hackles settle. “He was flirting with Justine. I heard from William, who was at the bachelor party, that he was—” She fluttered her hands around searching for the right word. “Debaucherous. He—” but she stopped again. For now, Kira had heard enough, her vacillating emotions having shifted back to sadness. “Would you like some wine?” 
The smooth red tempered the despairing loss and the dark anger, mellowing Kira with curiosity. 
“I wonder if there’s anything in his office that might explain things,” Kira said plaintively. If there was anything else, Kira knew Nicole would help her process it. 
When they were younger, Nicole was dauntless, always up for adventure and danger. Kira, who lived lawlessly on the commune, avoided trouble and rarely stepped a toe out of line. She witnessed enough oddities in her daily life that she had no desire to seek them out. Nicole, who had rules and expectations to break, was the one who tested boundaries and charged forward fearlessly.
Nicole edged her upstairs. 
The smell of the office: paper, leather, and wood polish, all a distant reminder of the Jeremy she thought knew, overwhelmed her. 
Nicole flipped on the light. 
“Where to start?” Nicole said, absently gazing around at the shiny desk, leather reading chair, the filing cabinet, the books, the awards, certificates, diplomas, and a surfeit of trophies. “Rather self-indulgent, isn’t it? It’s a bit of an ego-trip in here.” She snorted.
Nicole also had the ability to cut through to the brutal truth, a trait Kira seldom allowed herself. Kira looked at the space differently, not a single photo of her and Jeremy was on display. 
Nicole poked around, not finding anything unusual. She went through the boxes at Kira’s feet and again, nothing out of the ordinary: notebooks, birthday cards, keepsake tee shirts, and photos of teenage Jeremy with girls and friends before they knew him. 
Nicole jiggled the handle to the oak filing cabinet, but it didn’t budge. She walked slowly along the bookshelves, her head tilted to the side reading the titles. 
Feeling dismal, looking at all the memories of young Jeremy, Kira absently watched Nicole slide a leather-bound book out and read its back. Then just as she was about to replace it, a slip of paper fluttered to the floor. It had the letters CL and an address on it written in Jeremy’s tidy writing. Kira didn’t recognize the location.
“Hmm, we’ll hang onto this.”
“It’s not like we’re running an investigation. Jeremy isn’t a criminal,” Kira said, hedging.
“Depends on how you define criminal. He broke your heart, twice.”
***
Kira’s dreams that night were a disturbing confluence of young and present-day Jeremy, women, and salty rainfall. 
The next morning, Kira awoke to the muffled sound of her kitchen, alive with the makings of breakfast. For the tiniest of moments, she imagined Jeremy downstairs, ready to surprise her with breakfast in bed. As quickly as the fantasy flashed into her mind, she recalled he’d never done anything like that. In fact, she couldn’t come up with a truly romantic moment in their entire relationship. 
The smell of fresh coffee, orange juice, and eggs with cheese brought Kira back to life. Nicole motioned to a box of doughnuts. “I sneaked down the street to that bakery, the one on the corner. It’s so old-fashioned and quaint. For some reason, I really needed a chocolate frosted. Woke up early; apparently my body forgot it’s the weekend.”
After the take-out the night before and breakfast, Kira felt nourished and cared for. While she savored the meal, she noticed the evidence, as they were calling it, was conspicuously absent. Kira poured a second cup of coffee.
Nicole cleared her throat. “So, I was thinking. This may sound a little crazy, but what if we sent a message to all those women on Jeremy’s dating list on the Ivy League website instructing them to meet us, or rather him, tonight at Jeremy’s office. A little rendezvous. Then we can tell them in person that he was a creep, you’re a widow, and determine which one is missing, that may lead us to the woman he was with that night. Maybe this will give you some answers.”
Nicole had a plan. It was bold. But Kira couldn’t bear the thought of it. 
“I don’t want to meet them. I don’t want—” 
“The truth?” 
Kira nodded. The weight of that single word was almost more crushing than the grief she shouldered. “But—”
“The truth will pull you out of the back and forth between sadness and anger.”
“I know, but—” Kira wanted to be the strong woman she was when her father died, when her mother left, when she put herself through school. But she realized in the last few years spent molding her life into perfection, she’d lost sight of that part of herself. “It’s going to—”
“Hurt. I know. It will. But I’m here with you. We can do it together. Plus, if they know what an asshole he was, maybe they’ll think twice about who they date.” 
At that, Nicole’s cheeks flushed, the recent memory of her mother having an affair with one of her colleagues, still fresh. Her parents worked it out; they’d gotten through the pain. Kira just wasn’t sure she had the strength. Yes, she was angry, but the part of her that still grieved losing him had not fully processed the new information. She felt torn and confused, not ready to confront the truth.
“I may have found the key to that filing cabinet up in the office.” Nicole held up a small silver key.  
After cleaning up, they ventured upstairs, a sense of foreboding increasing with Kira’s every step. 
Once in Jeremy’s office, Nicole slid the key into the filing cabinet.
“Voila,” Nicole said, opening the drawer. She pulled out a few files and an old newspaper with his rowing team on the front. Nothing appeared unusual, until she reached underneath a book and found a cache of DVDs, each titled with a woman’s name in uppercase handwriting. There was Heather, Denise, Bunny… It went on and on. Kira knew what Nicole was thinking, the four-letter expletive, ending in -ing that paired well to emphasize the word asshole. 
“What do you think?” Kira asked dumbly, nonetheless. 
“Kira, I think Jeremy was a man-whore,” she said deadpan. 
Kira glimpsed the dark humor of Nicole’s joke, causing a sound she hardly remembered to erupt out of her. She laughed until she gasped for breath. Nicole joined in and those moments of laughter stretched across Kira’s heart like a Band-Aid, a salve to her wound. 
Nicole brought food, a warm embrace, and now they shared laughter, what her grandmother argued was the best medicine, something conspicuously absent from her relationship with Jeremy.
Nicole grabbed a ruler from the desk drawer and poked at the DVDs as if they carried some undesirable contagion. 
“I count twelve. None of the names match the ones downstairs, though. Ah, I stand corrected; there’s Britney and Candace here, which explains why he wanted to meet both of them together.” 
“How could I have been so stupid? So naïve?”
“Don’t beat yourself up. Jeremy was slick. I thought as much when you first introduced him to me, but you said he was the one, so—”
“You trusted me. I trusted me—my judgment. I feel duped, tricked by him and my lack of perception. I just wanted—” 
“The perfect man,” Nicole said. “The perfect marriage. It’s a myth,” Nicole said delicately. 
“The house—everything I didn’t have growing up, everything I thought would make a family, make me complete.”
“You already are.”
“You’re so wise,” Kira said, choking back tears.
“You were in college. You didn’t really have much experience with guys back home. Of course, he flattered you. He was desirable. All the girls in your sorority encouraged you. They wanted him. The guys wanted to be like him. By certain standards he was a catch.”
Slumped in the leather chair, Kira put her hands over her face as if to lift the invisible veil of ignorance or shield herself from the whole ordeal. 

Chapter Six

After a refreshing shower, Kira returned to the kitchen where Nicole sat, having a hushed conversation. Nicole spotted Kira and quickly hung up.
“I hope that wasn’t insensitive. I didn’t want to draw attention to my relationship, all things considered, but that was Nate, he sends his love.” 
“Oh, Nicole, I’m so sorry to pull you from your life and have you tangled up in this mess.”
“Don’t be silly. You’re my best friend. I’d do anything for you. Including figuring out some way to get closure on what appears to be a rash of crazy cheating by your late husband. Nate is fine, and he wants me to be here, to help you.” 
Nate’s kindness heartened Kira, despite her present questionable take on men. Nate was an amazing person, a committer. Though they hadn’t married yet, he’d asked several times. Even though each proposal was unique and more outrageous than the last, she’d declined each one. She claimed she was assessing her belief in marriage, maybe even more so after this. 
Kira glanced at the sheet of notes Nicole took from Jeremy’s laptop.
“I’ve taken a good look at the emails, the IM’s, the texts, and cell phone messages. I’ve devised two plans that can work independently or together. It’s your choice to do either, both, or none at all
Kira nodded, relieved by Nicole’s take-charge attitude. 
“I have to head home tomorrow. I want to leave knowing you’re feeling good, better than you have been, and you’ll be able to go back to work. This world needs you, sweetie. Although Jeremy was the worst sort, you’re lucky, your life goes on, and well, he—” She glanced toward the living room where the urn sat. “He’s gone.”
Her words never felt truer, although somehow the loss still stung, deeply. Kira wasn’t sure she wanted to face any of it, but she remained open to Nicole’s ideas. Almost anything would feel better than the daytime lows and by night, the even deeper depression she’d been experiencing. 
“Here it is, Plan Alpha—we contact each of the women on Jeremy’s Ivy League Singles page and have them meet him tonight. An evening tryst in an empty office,” she said, conspiratorially before continuing. “We explain what’s happened and hope they’ll see things in a sisterly way. Perhaps in doing so, you’ll move closer to forgiving him.” 
Kira staggered, she hadn’t even arrived at the F word. 
“How would talking to them help me forgive him?” 
“You’ll see that Jeremy’s purpose in seeking out other women was meaningless. The flings were to make up for some deficiency he had. Not something wrong with you. I know you’ve beaten yourself up questioning what you could have done differently. But trust me, it wasn’t you. This was not your fault.” 
She was right, Kira knew, but Nicole’s words didn’t permeate the confusing layer of self-doubt and sadness that lived under the anger. She picked up the general meaning, but couldn’t carry them to her heart.
“Not ready for that, huh?” 
Kira closed her eyes and shrugged. 
“Maybe it won’t help now, but it might in the long run. We aren't going to yell at them and call them a bunch of dirty bitches, but meeting them will confirm what the computer is telling us, and then later on there will never be speculation. Someday you’ll be able to put a very traumatic and unpleasant experience to rest. So you can heal.” 
Kira understood, but in an abstract way. Nicole had her on the fast track to getting well, when in reality she felt as if the world moved slower than ever, and she’d reached a standstill. 
“If we can determine who the woman in the car was, well, I know it might sound like a tall order, but you may have questions, and it might be helpful to have someone who can answer them. They might not be ones you want to hear, but it’s better to know the truth.” If Nicole ever went into politics, she’d have Kira’s vote. Yes, she was biased, but Nicole served as the enemy of ambiguity. 
“Plan Beta is Blain.” 
Kira retracted at the sound of his name. Her face twisted into a scowl. 
“I know you two tolerated each other. Ok, hated each other, but maybe he has something to say, something we don’t know about Jeremy. Who knows, maybe he’ll tell us Jeremy was a sex addict and had been in a treatment clinic and this was a relapse.” 
Kira cracked smile. “Sex addiction is real and it’s a painful disease. I should know; sometimes I watch reality television,” she said. 
Nicole laughed. The conversation changed course as Kira revealed the secret pleasure. 
“Really? Reality TV? I never pegged you for that. Seems beneath your high-brow cleverness and discernment.”
“I dabble from time to time.” Kira sighed. “But I’m afraid I recently lost the rights to the titles, clever and discerning.”
“No way.” Nicole shook her head. “That’s not the Kira I know. Anyway, then there’s Gamma—which would be a combo of the two.” 
Kira gazed out the window, thinking each through. 
“What will it be? It’s only ten o’clock. We could go all in.” 
Urged by her friend and weighing the other option, endless torment and tears, Kira felt a rare jolt of courage. She glimpsed her future self, free from the ache of loss and the burn of anger. Nicole opened the path to forgiveness, however hard the journey might be. 
“Ok. You contact those lusty ladies online, and I’ll call Blain.”
“Sounds good. Call me in for back up if you need it.” 
After fortifying herself with a deep breath and a couple squares of the dark chocolate Nicole kept on hand for emergencies, Kira scrolled to Blain’s number on Jeremy’s cell, and then tapped it into her own. It rang. She imagined him hesitating when he saw her name.
“Blain here, what?” he said, answering. 
“Hi, Blain, this is Kira.”
“I know.” Cold. So cold. What could she expect; he didn’t even approach her at the funeral.
“I was wondering if we could meet later. I want to talk.” 
“About?” 
Kira looked to Nicole, but she clicked away on the laptop tricking Jeremy’s list of women into a rendezvous. “Jeremy.” 
He made a sound of irritation, but then said, “Sure, I’ll meet you at Café 101.” 
Kira remembered this being a popular study spot near their alma mater. “Is three okay?”
“Fine.” He hung up.
Kira steeled herself for seeing him in person. Over the phone proved difficult enough. 
Nicole clapped her hands together. “Done and done. How’d that go?” 
“What is it with people who don’t say goodbye at the end of a call? Do they just assume the conversation is over?” 
“You know what I think about people who assume.” Once again, a small smile crept over Kira’s lips. Nicole did her best impression of their monotone junior year history teacher. “'When you assume, you make an ass out of you and me.'” They laughed again. 
Tragedy aside, with Nicole there, it was the first time the walls of the house had heard laughter. She and Jeremy hadn’t spent much time together there, and like a pendulum that swung her back into his arms, she thought about all they could have been. Kira stared in the direction of Jeremy’s urn. 
“Earth to Kira,” Nicole said, snapping her back. “The second you let yourself experience a bit of lightness, you dive right back into despair. It’s like when we used to visit the lake, you’d be sweating in the summer sun, then dip your toe in the cool water, rush back up to the deck, and sit there, sweltering while I swam. You’re not that little girl anymore. It’s ok to smile and laugh. There’s no decree stating widows must be somber at all times or you’re not properly honoring the deceased.” 
Kira nodded. Vague recollections tumbled out of the past: Nicole’s comment about how she stuck to dry land during the summer, distancing herself from her friends to spend more time with Jeremy when they started dating, and late nights waiting up for him. 
“Wouldn’t Jeremy want you to be happy?” 
Kira raised her eyebrow. 
“Ok, maybe not. Who knows what he wanted, but do you see what I mean? Kira, you lived, you’re still alive. So laugh, live.” She punctuated the last word with such strength that it echoed in Kira’s mind, bouncing off the memories when she’d short-changed herself. 
“So, Blain,” Nicole said, continuing. 
Kira didn’t hear because a darker memory crashed into her mind. She cleared her throat. “Back in college, freshman year, during rush week, Jeremy and Blain’s frat and my sorority had a mixer— it was early on in the school year and I didn’t know Jeremy yet at all.”
Kira remembered telling Nicole when they met, finally able to match the boyfriend stories Nicole had over the years. “The theme was high school hotties and heroes. The idea was to introduce the frosh, and humiliate us. From the start, Blain was flirting with me. I swear he was already drunk by the time they tapped the keg. He tried to kiss me. I didn’t want anything to do with him. He didn’t like that. Then he told me I was trash and that there were other, better girls.”
Nicole listened wide-eyed, her lips tight with anger. 
“Then I met Jeremy. Blain was arrogant, mean, but I was just happy not to be rejected, I guess. It sounds pathetic. But does that make sense?” 
Nicole sighed. “No, but I get it. I’m just sorry you never told me.”
“You grew up with brothers. You know how to handle guys. I was embarrassed, and then later, just happy someone like Jeremy paid attention to me, liked me, even.”
“I think we need to reassess what ‘guys like Jeremy’ means. And give your self-esteem a little massage.” 
“My experience with men was so limited. I hardly allowed myself a breather from books. During the senior year crunch, I let Jeremy in to take some of the pressure off." 
“I’m just planting a seed, something to think about now, when you feel yourself getting sad about Jeremy dying, and something to think about later, when you’re feeling like yourself again, what kind of person do you want to be in a relationship with? Surely not the first guy that gives you the time of day, but one that treats you with respect, is honest, romantic, and certainly won’t cheat on you, for starters.” 
Nicole inadvertently planted another seed in Kira’s mind, feeling like herself again, but in the last weeks, she wasn’t even sure that was anymore.  
“As for meeting Blain later,” Nicole hesitated. In the pause, Kira suddenly realized Nicole had questioned her relationship with Jeremy from the beginning, and again at their engagement. She recalled Nicole asking, right before they left for the church, if marrying Jeremy was what she really wanted. 
“What are you thinking?” Nicole asked. 
“I’m remembering all the times you asked me if I was sure Jeremy was a good fit. If he was the right one for me, if I was happy with him and all along I said, yes, yes, yes.” 
Kira dissolved in tears as she saw clearly the ways she’d fooled herself. Nicole’s hug soothed her, accompanied by an ever-increasing glow of truth with each step she took toward honestly viewing the past few years. It was the same feeling she’d had when she left the commune the summer after graduating high school, and when she was behind the lens of her camera, taking photos for the Harvard Crimson, before Jeremy came along. It felt like alignment and like moving in the right direction. 
“I hate to say I told you so,” Nicole said playfully. “But now back to Blain,” Nicole said grudgingly.
Kira rolled her eyes. 
They discussed their game plan while Nicole bustled around the kitchen, unpacking lunch. Kira didn’t remember Nicole having such an appetite as she dug into a tuna melt, chips, a salad, and some browned butter double chocolate cookies she picked up from the bakery down the street. 
“How did you know I seriously needed some chocolate?” Kira asked. 
“Lucky guess.” 

Chapter Seven

As they entered Café 101, the smells of roasted coffee beans and pastries brought back grief-free days spent studying. When she spotted Blain’s tall figure and shortly cropped blond hair, the nostalgia sank like a dead weight in her stomach. As Kira neared, she noticed his hairline had thinned. He raised his eyebrows and smirked.
“Well, well, well. You brought a little friend. Hi, Nicole.” 
Nicole disregarded the comment about her petite stature. “Listen, I’m sure losing your best friend must be burning a hole in your black heart, but Kira lost not only her husband, but her sense of who she thought he was. We’re hoping that now that he’s just a memory and can’t speak for himself, you can fill in some spaces.”
Blain smiled with narrowed eyes. “You’ve come for the truth, huh?” he said, lacing his fingers behind his head and rocking back on the wooden chair. 
Nicole and Kira sat down opposite. 
“Jeremy had what some people call a wandering eye… and a wandering cock.” 
Kira’s sense of propriety made her inhale sharply, hoping no one overheard. 
“He was never faithful to you.” This made Blain smile widely and his eyes grew even narrower. “He only asked you out because of a frat dare. Remember that first party he brought you to? It was themed, ‘blokes and jokes’. You were the joke. Still are.” 
Kira’s eyes moistened. She knew she wasn’t a joke, but the idea that he’d say their relationship started as meaningless burned. 
“Blain, that’s unnecessary,” Nicole said, looking sharply at him. 
“She wants the truth. Sometimes the truth hurts. Like your hippie parents are too poor to send you to college so you have to get financial aid? Or that your boyfriend went out with you because of a dare?” 
Kira already heard enough, but couldn’t will her legs to walk away. 
“Though I suppose now that you’re single and back on the market, I could find out if there was a reason he followed through with the whole thing.” 
Kira’s stomach churned as he eyed her, but anger burst through her discomfort and disbelief. “Or that a freshman girl wasn’t interested in you, wouldn’t kiss you, wanted nothing to do with you and still doesn’t,” Kira said.
Blain shifted in his seat and snorted. “That? I could’ve had any girl in that sorority. In fact, I did. I didn’t need you. What was her name? Stacy? We fucked that night. Oh, and there was Anna and Winona and Gia. Should I go on? Anyway, I was drunk, what’d you expect from me?” 
“Respect.” Kira shot him her fiercest look. 
“That’s nice. The thing about me, ladies, is I do what I want and say what I want. That isn’t going to change. ‘Kay?” 
Nicole rolled her eyes and Kira knew she’d agree that they were dealing with an overgrown toddler. 
“Your nasty attitude is not why we’re here. We want to hear more about Jeremy,” Nicole said.
“Right. So what would you like to know? The number of times he was with other women, the strippers, the bachelor party? Yeah, we still rocked the college parties, too. The getaways and business trips and ladies we’d have to our hotel rooms, the clubs. How about the dating service, which seemed like a reach even for The Hammer? But oh, I don’t know, I’d say he slept with a couple dozen of those Ivy League grads.”
The casual way Blain threw these figures around incensed Kira, doubled by the fact that after their wedding and trip to Nantucket, she and Jeremy had slept together exactly once. A flurry of anxiety about STD’s made her dizzy, the room tilted. 
“You see, doll,” he said smugly, “You started dating as a dare, and then it became a bet. Jeremy’s family was pressuring him to marry this girl—old money, family connections, but she was a dog. D-O-G. So, I suggested you. You were already dating, sort of, and aren’t hard to look at—that would get his family off his back. Since you hadn’t caught on to his philandering in college, he figured you wouldn’t after he moved you to the ‘burbs.” 
Kira broke out in a cold sweat. It was one thing to read about it online, another to hear Blain confirm it. 
He smiled wickedly before continuing. “First, I bet him he couldn’t pull off the engagement without you figuring it out. Five grand. Then the wedding. Ten. Then, well, you didn’t make it to the honeymoon, did you? That would have been fifteen-thousand dollars if he could stand to keep his dick in his pants for two weeks out of the country with you. See why he put off the honeymoon?”
“You’re messed up,” Nicole said. 
Blain ignored her. “You started as a joke and ended as a joke,” he said to Kira. 
She sat there, speechless, trying to wrap her head around what she’d just learned. Moments ago, she doubted herself sexually and as a girlfriend, a wife, and as a human being. Now, with absolute certainty, she knew something was wrong with both Jeremy and Blain. 
“Why?” Nicole asked.
“Why not? For shits and giggles. You see, Jeremy wanted to please his family, so when the time came he’d get his inheritance, but he also wanted to please himself. Win, win, Annandale.”
“Yeah, except he’s dead,” Nicole said bluntly.
“Well, he’d had a lot to drink that night. I tried taking his keys. But he was in a hurry to get back to the condo and get laid. She was super-hot. Big tits,” he said, motioning with his hands around his chest. 
“Unfortunately for her, she was also in that car accident.”
“Yeah, well, thems the risks. I always say, practice safe sex. Call a cab. That way we can do it twice, once in the back and once in the bed.” 
Kira steadied her breath. “Jeremy kept the condo as a place to bring women?”
“Yep. The lair. Man cave. Sex den.” 
“Do you know the name of the woman who was in the accident with him?” Nicole asked.
“Hmmm… Jeremy had been with so many; it’s hard to keep their names straight. Let me think, Court or Cori. Something like that. If I recall, she went to Yale. He wanted to hit one from each of the Ivy Leagues, except Harvard, that’d be like pissing in your own beer.”
 “Do you miss Jeremy at all, Blain?” Kira asked.
“Of course, stupid bitch,” Blain spat. “Not a day goes by I don’t think about him, the Hammer. He was my best friend. But he went out probably the best way a guy can, buzzed, getting a blowjob, and about to fuck a hot chick. Win, win Annandale.” 
“You disgust me,” Kira said, standing to leave. 
Kira didn’t expect flowers and a box of chocolates from Blain, but she never imagined he’d reveal the disturbing way in which Jeremy had gambled with her heart. 
 “Ah, come on, I was just getting warmed up. There’s more to tell—hot tubs, sailing trips, surfing. Ha! That was a good one. You never wondered why he didn’t bring home sand?” he called after them. 
Whatever else he said, Kira didn’t hear it. 
She sat in the car, stunned. 
“A monster,” Nicole started. “A beady eyed, balding, nasty, atrocious, vile person.”
“And filthy, sick, twisted—” Kira added.
“I can’t imagine what women see in him.” 
“I have no idea,” Kira said, letting out her breath and letting the truth seep in. “Jeremy wasn’t much different than Blain—he just revealed all the dark parts of Jeremy. I only saw what I wanted to see.” She sighed. 
“Or the parts he wanted you to see.” 
The raking despair that had consumed Kira for so long made room for disappointment, disenchanting clarity, and disgust. 
“You know how badly I wanted to get away from the commune? Out with the macramé and flow-y skirts and in with high fashion, and by extension an upgrade to my entire life, my career, my house, my car—when I think about it, I wasn’t much different from my parents at all. I just chose preppy, mega-organized, and Pottery Barn. And they chose bell-bottoms, incense, and tie-dye. It was something to hide behind, an identity to create when I wasn’t sure who I was.”
“Yeah, but you didn’t exactly agree with your parent’s lifestyle, their free-love mentality or any of that. I’ll never forget the time they tried tie-dying their skin.” 
Kira couldn’t will herself to smile. “They were stoned. But, isn’t free love essentially what Jeremy practiced?”
“No, that would be called deceit and infidelity.” 
Kira felt herself cracking wide open. “Wasn’t I somehow complicit in what he was doing? By overlooking all his time away and the fact that we hadn’t had sex since we moved to Newton, wasn’t I ignoring the truth?” Kira imagined everything she believed about herself spilling in chewed up chunks onto the city streets. 
“We all want to be loved. There’s nothing wrong with that. But we don’t want to be lied to.” 
“Do you remember he never came back the night before the wedding? He was probably out getting laid, stomping all over what I held sacred. Blain probably dared him.” The gears in Kira’s mind turned as she wiped away a screen of deception and ignorance that had clouded her sight. 
“I can recall nights when he didn’t even bother to call. I chalked it up to his commitment to his job, which I took to mean his commitment to our financial future. Moving to Newton, I thought was us settling down, someday having a family together, but it was so he could use the condo and wouldn’t have to get a room at a hotel. I bet the reason we stopped going out into the city together was so we wouldn’t run into any of the women he dated.” 
On the other side of the car’s windshield, pedestrians shuffled by on the sidewalk, going shopping or nabbing street food, oblivious to the fact that Kira’s entire world continued to painfully and slowly fall to pieces before her eyes. All she could do was watch it happen. No amount of planning, organizing, or her usual approach to problems would fix it. But deep down, she hoped to find something redemptive in the ruins. She wanted to find herself there, but feared, as the sun, filmed in clouds, dipped behind a tall stone building, she’d only find more sorrow. 
“And the rowing trips, the surf-trips, the travel for work, how do I know what was true and what wasn’t? How could he? And he had the audacity to say ‘married’ on his dating profile. What kind of scum—” 
 “It was a game to them. Nothing more. A big boy’s game of how many women they could have sex with, without the grown-ups finding out. I’m so sorry you had a role in it. I never imagined they were that awful.” 
Kira simmered, replaying promises Jeremy had made, excuses he’d given, and nights spent alone. 
“It’s ok to be angry.” 
“Damn right. But the thing is, part of me says I really loved him. That I still love him. I can’t explain it, but there was the Jeremy I thought I knew and loved. Or maybe I just made up a version of him to match nicely with my perfectly planned life.” Kira looked desperately at Nicole. 
“I think you’re getting somewhere,” Nicole said softly.
“It’s all so confusing now. Becoming a widow in my twenties, at least before my pain was normal, expected. This new information adds another element. I haven’t quite wrapped my head around how I feel. How can a person feel angry, sad, frustrated, despair, lonely, and broken all at the same time?” Sudden fear flashed in Kira’s mind. She squirmed in her seat. “I should be tested,” she said. “We weren’t intimate much, but still.” 
“I know a clinic that’ll take you right away. My cousin, well, anyway, long story.”
“Yeah.” The gravity of it all hushed Kira. 
Later, as they left the spotless clinic housed in a non-descript brick building, Kira plummeted even further. 
“We still have some time before enacting plan alpha. I’m starved, but first, why don’t you and I do some retail therapy?” 


Chapter Eight

Nicole headed up Mass Ave and into Cambridge. The two friends strolled through the glass doors at Saks, Kira leaving her jumbled emotions at the entrance. The cloudy, grey skies outside contrasted with the brightly colored fabrics and short hemlines on display. 
“How about a cruise?” Nicole suggested.
“A cruise?”
“You aren’t going to Paris, are you?” she asked. 
Kira shook her head. 
“I think that ship has sailed.” 
Nicole laughed. “You have the vacation time still, right?”
“If, I still have a job,” Kira said, admiring a teal bag. 
“You do, and you’re returning to it in a couple days. You may have been wrong about Jeremy, but you’re good at your job.”
Going to the office the next day felt like a manned mission to mars; as impossible as the events, that had just unfolded in Kira’s life, would have sounded if someone predicted them months earlier. 
“Think about it. Let’s get you some fun clothes, you know, just in case.” 
Kira consented, letting Nicole sweep her into the rush of retail therapy. 
By the time they were done, Nicole had talked Kira into three bags of clothing, a bikini, short-shorts, shoes—including a daring pair of Lanvin open-toed heels, and a pair of brushed-suede booties. Where did Nicole think she was going? If Kira were going to go anywhere, it would be a spa, where she could anonymously glide from the massage table to the Jacuzzi in a terry bathrobe. 
 “Food. Need food,” Nicole announced when they returned to the car.
“I know just the place.”
Kira directed her to one of her favorite Italian restaurants. She’d been there with Jeremy, but he complained that the wine list wasn’t extensive enough. However, Kira loved the ambiance, the candlelight, and the warmth. It almost felt like an extension of someone’s home kitchen, with its exposed brick and hodgepodge of tables and chairs. The crusty bread and rustic flair, was just what Kira loved about it. 
Once seated, Kira realized how hungry she was, but also nervous about their night ahead. The day, already burdened with the encounter with Blain still carried with it a trial, the meeting with the women Jeremy dated via the Ivy League Singles site.
“Pasta. Just the thing,” Nicole said as she perused the menu. “Bring on the bread,” Nicole added just before the server left the table. She bit her lip, an old nervous habit.
“So about tonight—” Kira wanted to get their discussion about it out of the way, then enjoy the meal and talk about something, anything, else. The relief of mindless shopping had worn off. “Who’s the straight-man?”
“Considering we’re meeting six female Ivy League grads, that’d be Jeremy, as far as I know,” Nicole said. 
Kira almost choked on her water with laughter.  
“Blain said the woman accompanying him the night of the accident was Cori or Court. Courtney was on the list. We never got an email response from her. So—”
“She’s probably recovering from multiple injuries.”
“Do you think she knows he died?” Kira asked nervously. 
Nicole heaved a sigh. The server returned with the wine and took their order.
Kira raised her glass. “To friendship, honesty, and healing. Thank you for being here for me,” she said.
“While we’re on the subject of friendship and honesty, I have something to tell you.” 
Kira leaned in, listening intently. 
“I didn’t really think this was the best time, but you ought to know, you’ll be glad to know. I think it might bring a little bit of sunshine to what otherwise has been a dark and cloudy stretch.” Nicole bit her lip again and swallowed hard. “I’m going to have a baby.” 
Kira’s mouth fell open. “I’m— I’m so happy for you. I can’t believe it. I mean, I can, but just, wow. A baby.” As absorbed as she was in her own situation, it hadn’t occurred to her that really, truly, life does go on. “A baby,” she repeated as the realization coalesced. For the time being, in that sweet, little Italian trattoria, Kira’s attention wandered away from Jeremy and her focus shifted solely to Nicole. “I’ve been so self-absorbed, I’m so sorry. I can’t believe— How far along are you? When are you due? Boy or girl?” Dozens of questions bubbled up from somewhere below her grief.
“You’ve had reason to focus on yourself. I wouldn’t have told you until the time was right anyway, whether or not everything had happened with Jeremy. Nate and I are having a party at our place in the city on the Fourth of July. We wanted to tell everyone then. I figured I’d be so busy with work that no one—well, family and old friends—would see me until the summer. I’m going to wear this fabulous sun dress that will proudly show off the bump.” 
Kira tried to imagine tiny Nicole with a big, round baby-belly. 
“We don’t know if the baby is a boy or girl yet. In either case, the name will be July. Partly because that’s the month Nate and I got together, partly because that’s when we’ll tell everyone we love about our little bundle of joy, and partly because of you, Summer,” Nicole paused and smiled broadly at Kira. “you’ll always be Summer to me, well, and Kira, but Summer too. When we were young, despite your desire to stay on dry land, you were the embodiment of freedom. You didn’t have a curfew, wore whatever you wanted, well, they were hippie hand-me downs, but you never had to wear loafers or pleated skirts. In our teens, you always just seemed so free to me. And you’re my best friend.” 
Tears of love, burgeoning, endless, soulful love for Nicole slid from Kira’s eyes. 
“Life goes on,” Kira commented, letting each syllable penetrate her inner world. The truth of it, like a warm breeze, started to rattle away the bits of doubt that had been plaguing her. 

Chapter Nine

On the unusually cold spring night, Kira and Nicole arrived at the large office building on Beacon Hill that housed Ambrose, Roeder and Associates. 
Arranged next to big banks of windows, were several lounge areas with overstuffed tweed chairs, tables, and exotic potted plants. They debated waiting there, but then Kira pointed to a coffee shop around the corner from the elevator. 
“Hmm. Should we wait here, what if the women see us and bolt in the opposite direction? Or by the coffee shop, less likely to make a scene, you know, if they’re nuts.” She wiped her sweaty hands on her pants and unbuttoned her coat. “I’m not doing my best thinking. I want to get this over with.”
“You can rely on me for logic and reason,” Nicole said. “Anyway, they’ll be looking for Jeremy, not two women,” Nicole reminded her. “How about the chairs by the coffee shop? That way it’ll be private, but still within ear shot of other people, less likely for a Real Housewives of Boston kind of scene.” 
Kira agreed and Nicole sent out six texts that each read, 
Meet at the coffee shop at 9. Don’t be late.
Kira’s stomach fluttered as she tried to distract herself with a magazine found on one of the tables. At least with Blain she knew to expect a nasty earful; her imagination raked at her with unknowns. Kira checked the time on her phone. 
8:56. 
“Think of this as public service. Maybe they’ll think twice about getting in the car with a drunk driver. It could’ve been any one of them,” Nicole said.
8:57. The big glass doors whooshed open. Two women, one wearing a fashionable blazer with a sequined-cami beneath strode in, the other with her hair in a ponytail and jeans arrived just behind her. With the confident air of women meeting a lover, they each walked to the coffee shop. 
8:58. Kira’s mouth went dry.
8:59. The younger one, in jeans, upon not seeing Jeremy waiting for her, ordered a tall cappuccino. The other woman looked impatiently at her cell phone. Jeremy’s vibrated in Nicole’s purse. She showed it to Kira. 
Where the hell are you? –V
It was nine o’clock. Go time. 
“Viveca,” Nicole said softly. She nodded in the direction of the woman in the blazer who stabbed at the keypad of her phone. Jeremy’s vibrated again.
I don’t have time for games. Get here within five or I’m leaving. -V
“She means business,” Kira said after Nicole showed her the text. “The others have five minutes then. I don’t want to do this twice.” 
Nicole nodded. 
Just then another pair came in, a brunette wearing a plunging dress and the other, possibly the Brown student— the closest University listed on the website aside from Harvard. Kira assumed that since they just sent the initial email out earlier that day, all the women had to be local. 
She watched them eye each other. She wondered if it was suspicious that there were six women, including Nicole and herself, all in their twenties, waiting around an office-building coffee shop after hours. Another woman stalked in, wearing stilettos. The five minutes Viveca offered were almost up. She paced irritably. Finally, the last girl came in, looking appropriately bewildered. 
Without thinking, Kira called out, “Jeremy.”
She didn’t want to go through with any of it, but when she saw all the women in person, women with lives, feelings, careers, and families, she knew what she had to do. 
“Excuse me,” Kira called clearly. “Jeremy won’t be coming to meet any of you tonight.” The girl in jeans and Viveca edged closer, the latter wearing a stony expression. “I was Jeremy’s wife, but I didn’t come here to reprimand or confront you.” She had their full attention. The one in stilettos sat.
“I’m sorry to do this, like this.” Kira motioned around the building. “But I didn’t know what else to do. There are some things I have to tell you.” 
An abrasive scratching echoed as they dragged chairs closer. When they’d all settled, Kira cleared her throat. “Jeremy passed away.” Tears nipped at Kira’s eyes. She looked to Nicole who urged her on. “He died in a car accident. He was the driver and another woman, Courtney, I believe also from the Ivy League Singles dating site, was in the car with him. He had a couple dozen women tagged on his profile, but it seemed you six and Courtney were the most actively involved with him. She didn’t die, but was seriously injured. He’d had a lot to drink that night.” 
A few of the women’s eyes moistened, one wringed her hands. 
“I’m really sorry. He had some problems, namely honesty, which I didn’t allow myself to see. I just wanted you all to know in case, like me, you cared about him.” 
Viveca stood up. “Done?” Seven heads turned to look at her in shock. “Yeah, I’m sorry and all that, but I’ve got to go.” She strode out of the building. 
The remaining women offered Kira awkward condolences. They knew he was married; he probably sweet-talked them with stories of betrayal or other lies about Kira. 
“I only found out about his infidelity recently so the funeral happened a few weeks ago.” Kira went on, “I don’t really have anything else to say.” 
Nicole put her hand on Kira’s shoulder. “Thanks for coming and listening,” Nicole said. With that, they hurriedly exited, leaving the remaining women to sort out their shock and emotions. 
The strings that held Kira together loosened, she wondered if it was possible for someone to actually fall apart. She needed to sit down. When the night air met her face, she let out a loud, stilted, sigh of relief. “That’s over.” Then, she let herself cry. 
“You handled it so well. You left out the shameful parts and the parts that might have hurt them. It was admirable. You could have gone ape shit you know.” 
Kira let out a choked chuckle not knowing whether to let her tears turn into laughter. A sudden sense of lightness hinted at the faintest glow, brightening inside. 
Nicole continued, “I would’ve. One hundred and five pounds of pure rage would have been flying at them like mad fists of fury.” 
“I suppose that would’ve been more appropriately directed at Jeremy.”
“True.” As they walked back to the car, Kira had hoped for a sense of closure, but something still nagged at her. 
“Then there’s Courtney. The final piece of the puzzle,” Nicole said. 
***
Before crashing that night, Kira called the hospital to talk to Nurse Laura Ramirez, hoping she could help. 
“I’m not supposed to share this info,” Laura said. 
“I think you understand the circumstances,” Kira said vaguely, hoping she picked up her meaning. “I’m just looking for answers. Or maybe closure. I don’t know—” Kira said, trailing off. 
The nurse hastily informed Kira that the woman who’d been in the accident with Jeremy was indeed Courtney, last name, Lancaster. Kira scoured the internet to find a match, but then she realized her number would be on Jeremy’s phone. Neither Kira nor Nicole recognized it before because he’d saved it as Court L. Kira overlooked it thinking it had something to do with a courthouse, not a person. 
Kira tossed and turned for the first two thirds of the night and then sunk into sleep only for her eyes to pop open before dawn. For mere seconds she felt refreshed. Then fatigue mingled with the unknowns that lay ahead. 
Around ten a.m., Kira made the call from Jeremy’s phone, hoping Courtney would be more likely to answer if she saw the caller ID showed his, rather than her name. Kira wasn’t sure if Courtney knew the details about Jeremy’s death, because strictly speaking hospitals didn’t release information except to next-of-kin. Though Nurse Laura found her way around that rule, so maybe Courtney knew. Kira took the risk and pressed call.
“Hello,” answered a scratchy voice. 
Nicole sat alongside Kira on the sofa to listen in. She took her best friend’s hand in hers. 
“Hi, my name is Kira. I was Jeremy’s wife.” The line was quiet. “Please don’t hang up.” 
“What do you want?” Courtney asked. She sounded like she’d been sleeping. 
“I was wondering if I could meet with you. I just want to talk.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I found out some things about Jeremy, things I’d like you to know. You were the last person he was with while still conscious.” 
Nicole gave Kira’s arm a squeeze. 
“Are you still there?”
“Yes.” Courtney hesitated. “Sure. Fine. I’m at Hillsborough Recovery Center. Visiting hours are from one to three.” She hung up. 
The next two and a half hours crept by. Like a complicated puzzle, Kira couldn’t figure what to say to Courtney. 
They arrived at the recovery center at one. From the hallway, Courtney looked young, with burgundy red hair that reminded Kira of Brianna from the Bachelorette. She wore a brace around her head and casts on her legs. She looked up at Kira from the bed. Dark circles rimmed her eyes. 
“I’m Kira. This is Nicole. I’m so sorry this has happened to you. This must be so hard.” The words spilled out sloppily. 
Courtney sat mutely in the bed and then looked at Kira sharply. “You have no idea how hard this is.”
“You’re right, but listen, I want you to know that—” but unlike when talking to the women in the office building, words failed her. Kira wasn’t sure what she wanted Courtney to know. 
“He loved me. He said so. He promised to take me to France, the Caribbean, to Mexico. He said he was going to leave you and—” Courtney started crying. 
Maybe Jeremy said those things, maybe not, but Kira could see that she loved him. She wanted Courtney to know the truth.
“He was with a lot of women from that dating site you were on. Maybe those things he told you were true, but maybe not. We’ll never know.” Kira cursed herself for speaking so poorly.
“Of course they’re true. You weren’t making him happy. He told me everything, how absorbed you were in your work, how cold and withholding. I could’ve made him happy. I did whatever he asked me. He treated me really well.” 
Nicole nudged Kira to go and not upset her any further.
“I’m sorry, Courtney. I just want you to know that, life will go on.” She turned to leave. Tears streamed down Courtney’s cheeks, but there wasn’t anything else for Kira to say. 
Back in the safety of the car with Nicole, Kira started crying, fearing she’d failed. “That wasn’t how I expected things to go. I don’t know—” Kira blubbered. 
“Those were just words from a scared girl. Maybe she just didn’t get it. Or maybe Jeremy really did love her, like you said, we’ll never know. But at least it’s done, right?”
“I guess it’s over.” But she didn’t believe the words even as she said them. “I’ve learned more in the last few days about him than I did through our entire relationship. It’s just that I thought—happily ever after and all that.”
“He wasn’t the one. You know I hate when people say everything happens for a reason, but who knows, there’s probably a lesson in this.” 
Kira nodded. “What, not to be a hopeless idiot?” Once back in the driveway on Lilac Court, she wanted to crawl back into bed, but Nicole kept talking, urging her to keep her head above water.
“You’re not. I can’t come up with any redeeming qualities on Jeremy’s behalf. He’s deplorable. But—” 
Kira sighed.
“If you were watching a reality TV show and it revealed so-and-so did this exact thing to the lady character, would you be on your feet telling her to dump his sorry ass? Yes! Yes, you would.” 
“It’s hard to let go of a dream,” Kira said vaguely, struggling with the changing expectations she had for her life.
 Nicole looked exasperated. “Ask yourself this, if he’d lived and you’d found out about all the women, discovered everything that Blain told us, learned about Courtney, what would you have done?” 
“I, I—”
“Summer Kira Speranza you’re one of the most courageous, strong, intelligent, and kind people I know. I’m naming my baby after you. You’d say good-bye. Adios. Sayonara. Ciao. You deserve respect, honesty, and a man of integrity. Why? Because you’re a good human being, worthy, beautiful, and smart. You have integrity, you don’t live under the crushing weight and embarrassment of an absent, dishonest, and disloyal husband. I know that woman is still in there somewhere. Girlfriend, you’ve got to find her again.” 
Kira straightened up and lifted her chin. 

Chapter Ten

After a bittersweet goodbye, Kira retreated into the house on Lilac Court, the silence ringing in her ears. She had work the following day so she set about straightening things up, making order, and reviewing the notes on the account she and Alice had been working on. Those were the responsible things to do. 
She knew the next thing she did was the worst possible thing she could, aside from saying I do to Jeremy. She slid a silver disc into the DVD player and watched their wedding video. 
The photographer and videographer, invisible behind the images that played on the screen, were a husband and wife team and had done a stunning job capturing the day. If Kira had been able, she would’ve been behind the lens, if only because of her love for photography, but being the bride, she had to delegate. They filmed and photographed Kira and her bridal party as they got ready, the moment she put on her gown, and the styling of her hair and make-up. They shot her downing champagne with laughter, as she tried to settle her nerves, and finally her trek down the aisle. 
Kira’s eyes were wet as she watched the video. All over again, the beauty of the day stunned her. The flowers were colorful and lush. The bridal party and guests all wore smiles. It was impressive. Everything was perfect. Everything Kira realized, except the moment just before Jeremy said his vows. He craned his head to look at Blain whose eyes narrowed to slits. Then Jeremy turned to Kira and said the fateful words, binding them as husband and wife. 
Kira pressed pause and then replayed the scene, trying to detect sincerity. She watched Jeremy carefully and hesitantly kiss her the way he would a distant relative or an ogre. As she watched herself take her bouquet back from Nicole, Jeremy and Blain shook hands. Then the new bride and groom left the altar for a broken future. 
Kira’s heart sank in sadness, humiliation, and anger. She threw the remote control across the room at the black urn, but it merely glanced off the side of the table. 
“You fucking bastard.” She sprang off the couch and shouted at him on the screen, at the urn. “You asshole. How could you have done this? How could you, in good conscience, pull off this charade? I fucking hate you. I hate you. I hate you. You’re terrible. You are fucking—” 
She sputtered, unable to think of a word nasty enough to follow up. Her body and voice quaked. “You’re dead.” Then she slouched to the floor with her back against the couch. She released wild whimpers of pain and hurt. Tears disobediently streamed down her face. This time she didn’t want to cry over him. 
On the TV, a montage of photographs played on the screen including the wedding party, the dinner, and dancing afterward. The stills of Jeremy laughing and mugging for the camera played to the tune of Crazy in Love. His sneer enraged Kira.
“You have no idea how much you’ve hurt me, from every possible angle. Just when I thought it couldn’t hurt any more, it does. What the hell am I going to do with you?” She sat, her legs pulled into her chest, leaning, hardly able to hold herself up. She felt like she was scraping the bottom of a very deep chasm. She had nothing else for him to take, alive or dead. 
“What am I going to do?” she whispered. “Please help me. Someone. What am I going to do?” She clasped her fingers together tightly and noticed her engagement ring and wedding band still snuggly around her forth finger. Pulling them off, she lifted them up into the dim light, the diamonds sparkling. She set the pair on the coffee table in front of her and reclasped her fingers. 
She dug deep. She went further inside herself than she’d ever gone. She called upon God, the Father, and the Holy Spirit. She asked the eagles, the eye of the tiger, and mother earth for help. She cried and thought the tears would keep coming forever. 
Then in her mind, she heard Nicole say, “Life goes on.” She clung to those words like a raft in a roiling river of tears, the deepest well of sadness, the maddest ocean of confusion and dismay. 
She cried on, unaware of how much time had passed. Then sometime later, she heard a second voice, “Just be.” She cried a bit longer, but like the tide, the grievous swells started to subside. Little by little, calmness grew within. She took deep breaths that seemed to fill not only her lungs, but also her head, her arms, her legs, her entire self, inflating her like a balloon with the promise and strength to lift her up. She breathed and breathed and then she heard a third message. “Go to the sea.” 
After hours that blended into one another, she climbed in the shower and washed the past days off her skin. Chronologically, she listed everything that had transpired since Friday night. She let each memory whirl down the drain like rinsing off a thick coating of grime. From top to bottom, she cleansed and reclaimed herself. 
Kira made a cup of tea and finalized her plan. Taking the urn, if she left right away she’d make it to the Annandale family house before sunrise, and then continue up the coast to the beach. It felt familiar somehow. It felt right. To the sea.
***
When Kira pulled into the circular driveway leading to the pillared Annandale home, the stars still hung above her in the sky. She placed the urn on the front porch with a note she’d penned at home. It read simply, 
He belongs with you.
Then Kira left, hoping that part of her life was behind her, for good. As she zoomed north, the sky lightened, and the stars slowly snuffed themselves out. 
For the third time, she pulled into the same spot in the parking lot adjacent to the beach. Kira watched the waves. They rolled in; they rolled out, and continued to do so without any prompting, like the great breath of the earth. 
Surfers appeared near the line of the horizon. Kira watched them study the mysterious power of the ocean. The sea birds swooped and dove, calling out above the crash of the water. 
Ian, the helpful brown-haired surfer, took his spot on the wall. Eventually the gull joined him too. 
Kira emerged from the Mercedes, and the gull took flight. She took its spot on the wall, letting the peaceful scene fill her. Kira turned to Ian who smiled broadly, a pair of dimples hidden in his scruff. 
“Morning,” she said. 
The shade of his brown eyes had a depth and warmth in them that glowed like sunlight.  
“I see the board is still on your roof. That’s a good sign. Getting in today?” he asked fully suited up in a black wetsuit.
“Not likely,” Kira said automatically, but then added, “Well, maybe a toe.” She let her gaze linger on him a moment, wondering what kinds of creatures willingly put themselves in water, stood on surfboards, and lived without grief.
Ian stood and deftly put his board under his right arm. “Wanna take a walk?” he asked. Gentlemanly, he extended his arm to Kira and pitched his chin toward the water. “To the sea?” 
Bemused, Kira linked her arm in his and they walked down the beach, the seagull overhead. Kira dismissed the familiarity of his gesture. She was ready for something, anything, to carry her away from the intense pain mixed with betrayal. 
Halfway to the waterline, Kira paused at a vacant lifeguard stand to take off her shoes while the steady wind whipped her hair. The old, irrational fear of the wild landscape tugged at her, but she let the steady rhythm of the rolling waves soothe her worries. She wiggled her feet in the sand and kept walking. 
“I don’t know what I’m doing here,” Kira said aloud, questioning what to say to her handsome escort and how to find her way back to herself. 
“The ocean has a way of helping you figure that out,” Ian replied. When they reached the shore’s edge, he set his board in the sand.
Kira took a deep, refreshing breath of the salt air. 
“I take it you haven’t been to the water recently.” 
Kira shook her head and then rolled up her jeans. “I haven’t touched the ocean since I was nearly too young to remember. I visited with my family a few times. My dad loved it, but we lived inland so we didn’t go that often.” 
Ian waded in. The protective layer of the wetsuit made him impervious to the chill. “Feels good,” he said, smiling invitingly. 
Kira edged closer, grimacing, as the cold, compacted sand where the water receded, chilled her feet. 
“Just a toe?” he teased. 
A bigger wave surged in, and without realizing what it was going to do, it went right up to her ankles. She closed her eyes. It felt like communion, holy water, as if her feet were thirsty. The water was like taking a much-needed drink, invigorating Kira from the bottom up. She jumped back onto the sand when her mind registered the cold and the suspicious tendrils of seaweed neared her feet.
“It’s not so bad,” Ian said, beaming. “You’re nearly there.” 
By Kira’s toes, something glinted in the water. Ian saw it too. He plucked up a blue piece of sea glass before the waves washed it away. 
“That’s good luck,” he said, handing it to her. 
With a smile, she tucked the sea-polished treasure in her hand. “I can use some of that.”  
In the distance, a tangerine sun lit up the water as it pulled itself up over the brim of what appeared to be the edge of the world. 
The salty water lapped over Kira’s feet. The sand slowly laid claim to her soles. She and Ian watched the waves, the surfers, and the sunrise beyond spreading warmly over the water. 
“I have to go,” Kira said, realizing she did have to go to work whether she had sandy feet or not.  
“See you soon?” Ian asked.
Kira smiled and said, “I hope so.”

Part 2: Sweat
“You can’t stop the waves but you can learn to surf.”
-Jon Kabat-Zinn


Chapter Eleven

Getting to work on time prompted Kira to jog back to her car. She’d packed work attire to change into. Despite what still felt like an insurmountable wall of grief rising up before her, Kira cared about her job. Without a dual income, paying the mortgage along with a host of other bills, making ends meet looked like her next challenge, but one she didn’t want to think about. 
As Kira dashed into her office, her coworkers greeted her with uncommon delicacy. Word must have gotten around that the up and coming on the Foster-Davis account became a widow at twenty-something. 
As Kira begrudgingly powered on Jeremy’s laptop, she noted to replace it as soon as possible. She cut herself some slack; just a week ago, she was waist deep in tissues, unable to clean anything other than her house, no less get dressed. Sitting at her desk, in the office, was progress. 
Frank Brinkman entered and offered a forced smile. “So glad you’re able to return Kira. I appreciated your contributions from home.” They both knew that was BS. He went on, “But the pressure’s on like you could never imagine. I really need you and Alice to finalize the Foster-Davis account. Otherwise, we may have to intervene. She assures me you can do this.” His forced smile lingered. 
Kira wanted to say that he could never imagine the burden and tension she’d experienced, that she walked around with an open wound, and he had no idea the effort it took to get to a place of upright mobility. Her eyebrows furrowed.  
“I know you’ve just been through a trial of your own, but we keep our personal lives and professional lives separate here, and that’s what I expect from you. We’re a New England firm, we pick ourselves up by our bootstraps, and we face the day. I’ll be keeping a close eye on things. Please get right on it.” 
If that was Frank’s idea of an inspirational speech, he’d better stick with just keeping a close eye on things, Kira thought dryly. 
Nonetheless, she took a minute to look around her office and summon her focus. She tossed the framed photo of her and Jeremy in the waste bin with a dull thud, steeled away tears, and shifted into intense work mode. 
When her desk overflowed with files and data, she moved into a vacant boardroom to team up with Alice. The hours ticked by as they went over the account. 
They worked right through lunch, and when Alice’s phone chimed at five o’clock she abruptly said, “Come on. Break time.” 
Alice exited the conference room where they’d set up shop. Kira followed curiously. Alice went to her desk, grabbed a sage colored bag, and said, “Let’s go.” She passed Kira a nutrition bar and a bottle of water as they left the building. 
Still processing information about the account, Kira hungrily ate the fruit and nut protein bar. She followed Alice into a building with stone arches surrounding each window.
“So do you think if we include the data from the shareholders—” 
Alice cut Kira off mid-sentence. “Not here.” 
They stood outside a door that said Prana, Yama Yama. Kira had no idea what that meant. Alice passed her a pair of stretch pants along with a tank top. 
“Put these on. Don’t ask me any questions. I’ll save you a mat.” 
Kira gave her a withering look.
“Just come find me,” Alice said. They entered a waiting room with a reception desk, a smoothie and juice bar, and a bank of cubbies for stowing belongings on one wall. There was a boutique with an array of incense burners, meditation pillows, books, and posters on the far side of the room. Kira didn’t move from her spot near the entrance. 
Alice had to be kidding. Kira had done yoga before. She’d done yoga aplenty. It was her quasi-fitness class when she was homeschooled on the commune, before she’d enrolled in normal school. She’d twisted, down-dogged, and yoga-d into the proverbial pretzel. 
Emerging from the changing room, Alice’s eyebrows dipped disapprovingly. 
Begrudgingly, Kira changed clothes. “We have work to do,” she protested under her breath after she padded into the studio and took a seat beside Alice, already on a purple mat, cross-legged, and with her eyes closed.
“Shh,” she said sharply, and then lowered her voice to a whispering hiss. “This is the only thing that has kept me sane. We’re going to do yoga and then get back into that boardroom and work on the frickin’ Foster-Davis material until we pass out. Got it?” 
Kira swallowed, wondering just what kind of talking-to Brinkman had given Alice. She followed her orders; they would have a long night ahead either way.
Kira expected the instructor to have on gauzy robes with a leotard beneath, like the yoga of her youth or short-shorts and a pink sports bra, like the cardio-yoga the gym she occasionally went to offered. Neither was the case. The instructor had shoulder length, curly hair, big hoop earrings, and wore fitted capri-leggings with an aqua patterned tank Kira instantly coveted. She took a seat at the head of the room in front of an altar bedecked in saffron and gold colored flowers surrounding a bronze statue. She settled for a moment, then lit a candle, and closed her eyes. 
“Welcome,” she said in a normal voice, not the breathy, fake-calm of Kira’s previous yoga experience or the perky up-talker at the gym. 
Curious, Kira offered her attention.
“Thank you for coming. For those of you who are new, I’m Amber.” She smiled at Kira and a few other faces in the packed room. “Today we’ll be working with trust by exploring the pulsation of stability and freedom. What it is to be both grounded and open to new possibility. Through trusting ourselves and beyond, we’re fully able to experience life in a place of knowing who we are and what we want, as well as accessing support. Please join me. Close your eyes. Deepen your breath, and together we’ll chant the sound, Om.” 
Reflexively, Kira wrinkled her nose, but catching Alice’s steely eye, she went along with it. Her muscles and joints resisted the movements and stretches at first, but Amber worked her through it. Emotions bubbled just below the surface, threatening her with cries of anguish and loss. Amber invited the feelings to arise. When Kira stretched in downward dog, she watched as the place on her mat between her hands became wet with tears and sweat. Before she knew it, she stood strong, twisting, and inverting into poses she never would’ve believed she could do and certainly not enjoy.
Then seated, Amber led them through mild stretches. Supine, they laid in what Kira recalled was named the corpse pose. Amber called it Savasana, which sounded more pleasant than the name she knew. She didn’t want to think about death.  
“Release,” Amber said. “Trust the ground beneath to hold you. Release. Deepen your breath. Trust your lungs to breathe. Release.” With each instruction, Kira felt as if she sank through the mat, through the floor, and into a world of peace, of quiet waves in rhythm with her breath. They caressed the length of her back, holding her with the promise never to let go. 
“Kira. Kira. Kira.” She heard her name over and over and over. She floated, weightless like in salt water. Yes, light, yes, lighter, yes, lightest. 
Then her eyes blinked open. Alice nudged her shoulder. As one, the class chanted the sound Om, followed by Namaste as they all bowed. 
After changing, Alice passed Kira a green smoothie. She cautiously took a sip of the concoction—she detected strawberries, bananas, and possibly spinach. 
“Not bad,” Kira said. As they left the studio, she carried a balance of energy and relaxation as she returned to the working world. Yoga and the green smoothie fueled the most productive five hours they'd had as the punch-list for the project became smaller. 
The next day and the one after that were much the same, work, yoga, smoothie, work, weep, sleep—only a little, and repeat. At the end of the week, after Kira had explored what Amber called heart openers and gulped down a smoothie—containing something called spirulina— she felt alternatingly restless and sad when returning to the four white walls, the long wooden table, and the bland florescent lighting of the office. 
“What’s up?” Alice asked gently. 
Kira shrugged. “I’m not sure.”
“Doing yoga and the work of the mind-body can bring up some stuff, but it’s also tremendously helpful to get out of your head—the realm of thoughts and emotions—and into the physical form,” she said helpfully as if she were a yoga teacher. “I’m guessing you have some stuff going on,” she said, tapping her temple. “It might take a long time to work through it, but you can do it. No, you are doing it.” 
What Alice said resonated with points Amber had made earlier. It felt like a comforting truth, but Kira didn’t know how she could fit the words into her particular situation.
“Something like that,” Kira said misty eyed, afraid she might lose control and cry after holding it together for most of the week. 
“What do you say we call it a night? Sleep would probably be helpful,” Alice said. 
As they neared Kira’s car, Alice pointed and asked, “What’s that?” 
“A surfboard,” Kira said. 
“I meant, what’s it doing there?” After Ian had securely lashed it down, she hadn’t removed it. The board remained like a totem, reminding Kira of all the healing ahead of her.  
Without pausing to think, Kira answered. “That’s the surfboard,” she said matter of fact. Alice gave her a quizzical look. Kira continued, “Aka theatrical prop, which my late husband used when he claimed to be going surfing, but was cheating on me with no less than two dozen women. He was a tremendous actor,” she said, letting her home life and work spill into one another. 
“Screw sleep. We need to talk,” Alice said, looking aghast.
Alice led Kira directly to a pub down the street. It was filled with raucous business professionals letting loose after a long day. The two women sought out a quiet booth in the back. Alice ordered a beer and onion rings, Kira the same, only fries.
“Your husband was cheating on you? What the eff?” 
Having only seen Alice out of context in the yoga studio, Kira had come to think of her as a peaceful person; a calm, centered yogi, but the slew of expletives that she emitted after Kira told her the whole story made her think twice. 
“If he was still alive I’d hire the best divorce lawyer and take him for everything he was worth. Just on principle, he seemed like the kind of person who valued money and prestige above everything. I’d run his name through mud, I’d—” She ran through a list of terrible things she’d do to destroy him. Then her face crumbled. “Though I suppose he’s dead, so there’s that.” The tears welling in her eyes reflected Kira’s. 
“I’m so sorry. It’s one thing to lose someone you love. It’s truly another to then have your heart broken with no recourse, no apology, no opportunity to talk about it.” 
Her sentiments meant a lot to Kira, but rehashing the story didn’t help. Her mind floated elsewhere.“What do you think of the ocean? Surfing?” she asked. She’d been thinking about the weightless, watery sensation, moving with her breath like the ebbing and flowing of waves that she’d experienced in Savasana all week.
“Huh?” Alice asked.
“Nothing,” Kira said, shaking her head. “We should probably head out now. Otherwise, we’d be better off just overnighting in the office.” 
Alice laughed and the mood shifted to join the gaiety coming from the front of the bar. 
“Good to drive?” Alice asked when they were back in the parking garage. 
Kira nodded. “You?” 
“Yep.” 
“See you bright and early?”
“In just a few hours.”
 Kira breezed back toward Laurel Court, the roads free of traffic at that time of night. 
Alice wasn’t Nicole, but Kira hadn’t allowed herself to get close to other women or have many friends after she’d gotten together with Jeremy. She now saw one of his many flaws was how hyper-critical he was of people. No money meant no good. No letters indicating some level of expertise before or after their name equaled not worthy. No shiny, expensive, state-state-of-the-art things, not good enough. Although she and Alice worked insane hours, it was refreshing to connect. 
When she returned to the empty house, misery left a chalky residue that became clearer as the night passed. Anger and sadness collided. Jeremy should have been there with her. Thoughts of sharing his love and attention with countless other women crowded out everything else. 
The next morning, despite ample amounts of coffee as a tonic to her headache, Kira and Alice dove into finalizing the project. Frank buzzed in and out of the office checking on them, urging them to make the deadline. A minute before it was due, Kira handed him the completed Foster-Davis project. 
“Well done, ladies,” he said. “Have a good weekend.” 
Once back in the hall, they both slouched against the wood paneled wall, decompressing. Then with a big grin, Alice turned to Kira. “Yoga?” she asked.
“Yoga.” Kira agreed. 
Amber highlighted the class with the theme of overcoming obstacles and transformation as they did a series of hip openers and twists. Kira couldn’t help but be impressed by how skillfully she wove big ideas into her instruction. It seemed like each class topic applied directly to her. She discussed how water overcomes obstacles by finding the path of least resistance. 
Amber said, “The path may still be difficult, a path of least resistance is not to be confused with an easy go of it, though sometimes it may be effortless. Just remember water will always find a way: through, around, up, or down. In our lives, we meet resistance. Obstacles. Difficulties. But if we’re open, we’ll find a way. There’s always a way.” She went on to discuss how water also has transformative properties all the while guiding the students fluidly from floor, to upright, to deep lunges, back and forth, up and down. 
Kira absorbed her words as she relaxed into Savasana. At first, she floated in and out on the cushion of her breath, then she felt like she was sailing, moving swiftly through water. The warm sun shone on her face, making her feel fearless and full. She longed to carry this feeling off the mat, but in a blink, it disappeared.

Chapter Twelve

Kira took her time in evening commute traffic, not in a rush to return to the big, empty house on Lilac Court. 
She grabbed a stack of mail, which she’d neglected all week and tossed it on the kitchen counter. Standing in the hall, in a place of limbo, halfway to the kitchen, halfway to the living room, Kira felt unanchored, torn between two tides—the past and the future. 
She glimpsed the Mercedes in the driveway and on the roof, the long narrow surfboard. It lit up brightly like a beacon in the moonlight. Surf. 
Kira scrambled outside to the car where she’d left the laptop that she promised herself to replace on the weekend. Even from the driveway, she picked up the house’s central Wi-Fi. She searched surf shops.
“Ah ha. The Boardroom.” She laughed at the play on words having spent a fair amount of time in a boardroom all week. She scrolled through until she found lessons and rentals. 
With just a few clicks, she signed up for a morning lesson, feeling electric with anxiety and excitement while filling in the requested information. She’d been used to entering her hyphenated name, but Speranza-Annandale sounded clunky, like something that didn’t belong to her. She was Kira Speranza again. There was a drop down menu to select a preferred instructor if available. She looked for Ian, the surfer from the wall, the surfer who guided her to the water. Amidst a roster of names, there was Ian Ingram. Click. 
Normal sleeping habits still hadn’t returned. Kira tossed until what she now considered a somewhat reasonable hour of four-thirty. She took a leisurely shower, which halfway through realized was silly, because she’d get wet later that morning. Then through the murkiness of sleep deprivation that messed with her head, she realized she was going to get wet, in the ocean. A toe in would not suffice. She tried to talk herself out of the plan. She had bills and mail to go through, a computer to replace, a house to clean. 
When she left the confines of the shower and dried off, remaining in the house all day seemed emotionally dangerous. There was a greater likelihood of her drowning within those empty rooms than in the ocean. 
As she boldly drove toward the shore for her eight-thirty lesson, she watched the sun begin to rise, casting a coral glow across the surface of transient clouds. Not until these excursions to the beach, did she fully appreciated the sunrise. A new day. Possibilities. She had to give herself permission to live even if that meant living through loss. She held tightly to the hope that there was something on the other side of grief. 
Early for the lesson, Kira pulled into her usual spot. She spotted the brown-haired surfer in his black wetsuit, Ian, already seated on the wall. He glanced in her direction, gave her a wave, and sauntered up to the passenger window. 
“You’re back.” He studied her for a moment. “You look different.” She brought her fingers to what she was sure were dark circles under her eyes. “Lighter,” he added. “But I don’t mean pale.” A grin hitched its way up the corners of his mouth, revealing his hidden dimples. “Did you just come back from a vacation?” 
“Something like that.” 
“Are you getting in the water today?” 
Kira looked at the waves, mellower than other days, but still the wild, churning sea. “Actually, yes.” 
Ian raised his eyebrows. “Sweet.” 
“I have a surfing lesson scheduled for eight-thirty.” An unfamiliar wavering in her stomach told her not to reveal that she’d selected him for her instructor, if he was available. 
“Excellent. First time?” 
Kira nodded. 
“You’ll love it.” He gazed out to the shore. “It’s always a good idea to watch the waves before you go out. Get a sense of what kind of mood the ocean’s in.” A couple surfers pulled up in a rusty Chevy on the other side of the Mercedes. 
“Bro,” one called. “Suited up. Gonna throw some buckets?” He laughed. “Come on, I’m frothin’. Dude.”
Ian nodded as they quickly took their boards off the roof of the car. 
“Hey, have fun,” he said to Kira, tapping the edge of the door. Then, he trotted across the sand, joining the other guys, glancing back at Kira and flashing his irresistible smile. 
Kira replaced Ian’s spot on the wall and watched. The surfers paused and strapped something around their ankles. Without hesitating, they plunged into the frigid water. She tried to pick Ian out of the crowd that had assembled out past the breaking waves, but they appeared like little dots, bobbing in the water. She watched as the figures paddled, got to their feet, and rode along the breaking waves. A good number fell off their boards, and then the churning foam slapped them around. She wasn’t sure that she wanted to be one of them.
Kira steadied herself as she wavered between thoughts of Oh my goodness what have I agreed to do? To, I can do this. I can live. She took a deep breath.
The sun warmed her shoulders when she took her shoes off and put her feet in the sand. She told herself that baby steps were better than none at all. One foot in front of the other. She encouraged herself forward as she made her way to the water’s edge. The waves danced around her feet. She looked at her toes through the trickling water. The path of least resistance. The water flowed up around her ankles. She stood firm. The sand bolstered her feet. She became the water’s obstacle. It wasn’t hers. A surfer glided toward her on a wave. As he came into focus, it was Ian, his face relaxed, looking completely at one with the ocean. 
Once on shore, he snapped up his board. “Made it in this far, eh?” He teased, and then shook his head, spraying beads of water off in all directions. 
Kira flinched, but his smile pierced any hint of annoyance. Side by side, they stood facing the ocean. 
“Beautiful day,” he said. “Hey, look there’s Brody, did you see that cutback. Not easy to do on this mush. Ack. He bailed.” 
Kira looked at him blankly.
“The wind’s changing, making the waves choppy. It should let up in a bit. So your lesson?” 
Kira nodded. “At 8:30.” 
“The Boardroom?” 
“Mmmhmm,” Kira answered. 
“I just so happen to be heading there right now.” 
They walked along the shoreline. Something beneath Kira’s skin tingled. She was nervous about the water, but walking with Ian brought up an unfamiliar kind of excitement, almost an eagerness to hear him talk, for his eyes to land on hers. They headed inland to a battered wooden building with a sign made of driftwood painted in wavy letters that spelled out, Boardroom. Arranged outside stood a rack of surfboards, marked-down clothing, and other beach accessories. 
Inside the shop, crammed from floor to ceiling was surf gear, clothes, sunglasses, beach towels, and flip-flops. Toward the back, a counter, piled high with baked goods and coffee, ran the length of the shop. The aroma of coffee mixed with coconut carried Kira back to that morning she first met Ian. Beyond that, a large deck with tables and chairs provided a panoramic ocean view. 
Ian motioned Kira over to a display case, topped with a cash register, computer, and brochures. A guy in his mid-twenties, with brown hair overlaid with bleach-y streaks that reached just beneath his ears, typed on the laptop. 
“Ian,” he said, looking up and speaking in a booming Australian accent. 
“Jamie, you’re here. Andy didn’t mention anything.” 
“My stoke is up, and I’ll be gracing you with my presence for the next couple weeks then I’m off and running again. Live free and surf, bro.” 
“Nice,” Ian said, lacking enthusiasm. 
Jamie bent over to pick up a pen that rolled off the counter. The sunglasses perched on top of his head rattled to the floor by Kira’s feet. “Oops,” Jamie said. They both reached for them and softly knocked heads. Jamie grinned at Kira. Something about the slant of his lips made her unsure where to look and her cheeks flushed. 
"Where to this time?” Ian asked.
“South Africa.”
“Sweet,” he said.
Kira detected his comment was less sweet than the baking cinnamon rolls she smelled, wafting from the café in the back. She sensed a hint of tension between the two of them. 
"This is Kira; she has an eight-thirty lesson,” Ian said. 
She smiled, surprised that Ian remembered her name. 
“First one of the day. Make hay while the sun shines, they say. Your lesson will be with—” Jamie looked at the laptop screen. “Perfect. Looks like Ian’s taking you out,” Jamie said. After Kira paid, Jamie pointed to the backroom. “Ian’ll get you suited up.” 
“Thanks,” she said, feeling Jamie’s eyes lingering on her. 
Kira poked her head through the double doors. She noted the muscular angles of Ian’s bare back, the top of his wetsuit hanging around his waist, as he riffled through a box and then stacked a few. He turned when she entered. “Ready?”
“As I’ll ever be.”
“First a suit. Let’s see—” With his warm brown eyes, he looked Kira up and down. She suddenly felt naked, but like she wanted to tear off her polar fleece and jeans. Her cheeks grew warm. Underneath, she wore the bikini she got from Saks with Nicole. Despite its impracticality, it was the only one not packed away with her summer clothes. 
Ian pulled a stiff neoprene wetsuit off a loaded rack, and he held it up in front of her. “This one should fit. Um, we don’t have a changing room or anything. Usually we just change behind the rack, so—” 
Kira carefully stepped over a basket of water bottles bearing the Boardroom logo along with other display items. Ian returned to looking for something in the mess of boxes while she got undressed then redressed in the sticky and tight wetsuit. 
“How’s it fit?” he called over his shoulder.
“Tight.” She stepped out from behind the rack of suits and gathered up her things. 
“Just how it’s supposed to. Looks great,” he said, smiling broadly. 
“Um, the zipper?” Kira said, feeling a draft on her back. 
“Right.” He reached down for what she hadn’t noticed was a long ribbon-like tether attached to the end of the zipper. She was acutely aware of his steadying hand resting on her shoulder as he pulled it up, realizing she could have done it herself.  
“Thanks.”
“Surfer girl,” Ian said, his cheeks dimpling with a smile.
“That we have yet to see,” Kira said.  
She left her clothing with his in a small locker even further into the packed back room. Kira dodged boxes, boards, and cases of lemonade and iced tea.
“The owner, Andy, keeps talking about expanding, but it’s hard with zoning laws here by the ocean,” he said, by way of excusing the jumble.
Without thinking Kira said, “What they could really use is a good organizational system. It would create more usable space and—” she paused, realizing that might sound rude. Clutter made her claustrophobic. Like she wanted to throw open the windows, tuck her hair behind her ears, and make a home for each item. “I mean, that might just be helpful,” she said to excuse her blunder. 
Ian just shrugged. “Shelving,” he said added. 
“Exactly,” Kira said a little too enthusiastically. 
Back in the shop, Jamie whistled. “Lookin’ good.” 
Kira caught Ian grimace. Meanwhile, her cheeks flushed pink again. Ian kept walking so she followed. Once back outside, he selected a surfboard that would have easily stood up in the nine-foot ceilings in Kira’s house. 
“We won’t start you out on that charger on top of your Mercedes. I’m guessing it isn’t yours. Where’d you get it anyway? Did it belong to your brother or an old boyfriend?” 
Sadness cracked its way through her foundation. 
“I’m sorry, did I say something—” He lightly touched Kira’s arm. 
She wanted his fingers to wrap around her, his strong arms to pull her into him, just to feel his firmness, his strength, and solidity. She imagined the gusts of wind ruffling her hair would never be able to knock him around, but she let it brush away the trembling in her jaw, along with the fire in her throat that rose up at the thought of Jeremy. However, she allowed the warmth in her chest, the result of Ian, so close, to remain. 
“No. I, um, I noticed the shop buys used boards. I was thinking I’d sell it,” Kira said quickly.
“Brand new beauty like that, un-waxed, you’ll get a fair price. You can talk to Jamie when we get back in. I guess Andy is away for the week with his girlfriend.” He shrugged. “I suppose they’re surfing down in Mexico and got Jamie to cover for him,” Ian said with an irritated sigh. He shook it off as they neared the water. 
With his long arms, he easily carried the board along the beach, and then he plunked it down in the sand. “So, have to ask, what brings you here to surf?” 
The honest answer appeared on Kira’s tongue. She wanted to tell him the truth, as strange as she knew it sounded. “I was at a yoga class and afterward, there’s the resting pose.”
“Savasana?” Ian asked. 
“That one. Settled deeply into it, I felt like I imagine what riding a wave is like. It’s hard to describe, but it happened repeatedly over a week. It was like I was floating and moving, and just had this, lightness.” Kira looked to the rising and falling waves for a better way to explain, but all she saw there was a vast openness that drained her jumbled mind. “So I decided, why not. Why not try riding a wave in real life?"
“Sounds like the best kind of reason.” Ian said. “Ready to get started?”
Kira nodded. 
“First, we’ll orient you with the board, then the ocean, and then take a ride.” 
Kira observed that he was completely at ease down by the water, like he was home. 
“This is a longboard. It’s best to begin on because it’s buoyant, more stable, and nice in the gentle surf closer to the shore.” 
It was like he spoke a foreign language, but the sound of his voice told her everything she needed to know. She blinked a few times with surprise at her thoughts and at the unfamiliar way he made her feel. 
“Good so far?” Ian pointed toward the front of the board. “That’s the nose.” Then he pointed at the back. “That’s the tail. Underneath are the fins, these are the rails.” He rubbed the long edges of the board. Kira watched his fingers, tanned and deliberate.
“And you see this here?” He wiggled a little loop that attached to a long bendable plastic rope with a Velcro cuff at the end. “This is the leash. It attaches to your ankle so you don’t lose the board. And down the middle runs the stringer.” He pointed to a faint line incorporated into the pattern that overlaid the Boardroom logo. “The center of the board is the balance point. Too far to the right, you bail. Too far to the left, same. Try to stay strong along the midline. Now, I want you to stand in front of me, over here where it’s flat.” 
Ian went behind her, his strong hands clasping her shoulders. Her mind flashed to his breath on her neck, his lips there, softly. Then, he brushed her shoulders, and suddenly shoved her forward. Kira extended her right leg to break her fall as he deftly grabbed her around the waist from behind. She welcomed his strength through the neoprene, but shock still rocked her.
“Hey, what’d you do that for?” Kira asked, spinning around. 
“Goofyfoot.” Ian’s dimpled grin told her his intentions were harmless. 	
“What?” she demanded, but his smile quickly diffused her fuming. 
“Standard procedure, I swear,” he said, holding his hands up. “We do that to determine what leg you lead with on the board. If I told you I was going to do it, sometimes without realizing it, people force a leg forward. You ride goofyfoot, which means your left leg gets the leash. There’s nothing goofy about you,” he said, still wearing a grin. “And I’m sorry if it startled you.”
“Actually I’m—” But she didn’t get to finish. A tall blonde with a deep tan strode by in short-shorts and a knit crop sweater. Her outfit alone made Kira shiver. 
“Hey, Ian,” she called. 
He took his time turning his long body around in the direction of the girl. “Oh hi, Vanessa,” he said weakly. 
Kira studied the waves and how they broke gradually, pouring water into water, wanting to ignore the encounter unfolding behind her. Jealousy swiped at her as she imagined the girl, his girlfriend, his hands running along her shoulders, his lips kissing hers. 
“I hear you had a wicked session this morning,” she called.
“Yeah.” Ian stepped toward Kira. 
“There’s a party tonight at Tug’s. I hope to see you later,” she said, blowing him a kiss. 
Kira looked at Ian to gauge his response. 
“Cool,” he said with a nod, but exasperation knuckled his features. He turned back to Kira. “So where were we?” A deep breath, taking in the vista, settled him instantly. 
“Goofy?” Kira said mock-insulted and dismissing the possible hot mess of a girlfriend, but hot nonetheless.
“Right. No, nothing goofy about you.”
“Actually, I can be goofy,” Kira retorted. 
“Really?” Ian said, pretending not to believe her, but she worried maybe her Mercedes, designer clothes, and fear of the water hadn’t given him the impression that she was capable of being silly. But when she unpacked the recent days, weeks, and years in her mind, she couldn’t remember the last time she let herself really have fun. The thought sobered her desire to splash Ian or tickle him, anything to show her long-forgotten playful side. 
“The leash,” Ian said, picking it up. “You’ll wear this around your ankle after we practice the popup. I want you to lay in the sand, belly down, then when I say popup, bring your right leg up in front of you, and balance your weight evenly between the front and the back feet. Got it? Here I’ll show you.” With easeful skill, Ian shifted from a completely prone position to the classic surfer stance. 
“You make it look easy,” Kira said, unsure if she’d be as graceful or well balanced.
“Give it a go,” he encouraged. 
On her first try, Kira tripped over her own leg. Ian caught her before she completely face-planted in the sand. 
“Thanks,” she said. She felt incapable, but by the time her arms started to ache, she got to her knee, and then finally semi-upright. 
“That was great. You’re getting the hang of it.”
“Really? It didn’t feel how you looked.”
“I have innumerable nautical miles under these feet,” he said, laughing. “Take as much time as you need, but eventually it’ll feel as effortless as getting out of bed.” 
“Yeah, that isn’t always that easy,” she said aloud. “I mean, some days.” 
Although Frank Brinkman had done little to enamor himself to her, his declaration of not bringing the troubles at home to work reminded her of the dictum, don’t mix work with pleasure. Spending so much time in her head, recovering, and healing from the recent tragedy and trauma felt like work to her, so she told herself she wouldn’t bring up her personal woes. She didn’t want Ian or anyone else to treat her like some kind of blubbering mutant that would break down in tears, like they did at the office. She didn’t want to share the experience out on the water with her grief.
Kira tried the popup a few more times. Thanks to the week of yoga, some strength had returned to her and she made it to her feet. 
Ian hooted and called, “Surfer girl.” 
Kira doubted that, yet. She shook her head. 
“About the ocean, I take it you haven’t spent much time in it, but I trust you know how to swim.” 
Kira nodded. She knew how thanks to a high school requirement, but she’d mostly practiced in bodies of water where she could see the bottom and even that required a hefty dose of courage.
“If you fall off, just wrap your hands around your head like this to protect it from the loose board,” Ian said, demonstrating. “I’ll come get you right away, but today we won’t be going in beyond where we can stand.”
 Nonetheless, Kira worried he sensed her trepidation. 
He took a few steps closer, tilting his head kindly. “Nothing to worry about here. No rocks. Just sand. The waves are mellow now and as for the critters, we’ll stay shallow today. So if there’s anything like that, that might freak you out, I’ll push you safely to shore on top of the board and sacrifice myself to the briny deep.” He smiled and mimicked a large creature carrying him away. 
A chuckle snuck out of Kira’s mouth. He had no idea how much his joke meant to her. His assurances and the softly rolling waves calmed her. Ian wrapped the Velcro leash around Kira’s left ankle snuggly, his fingers brushing her skin. 
Stepping into the water, she hesitated as the foam rose up around her feet. 
“I don’t want to pry, but are you sure about this?” Ian asked when she stood, statue-like, ankle deep. She looked back over her shoulder toward the parking lot, then beyond the breaking waves out to the horizon. Kira looked directly at Ian, his warm eyes smoldering in the sun, and a smudge of sunblock that he hadn’t quite rubbed in by his ear. His smile was the kind that made her feel like the center of the universe. Like it was just him, her, and the ocean, no dark nights, no self-doubt, no loneliness. As Kira basked in the light of the sun, she knew with certainty what she wanted to do. One foot in front of the other.  
“I’m sure,” she said. For the first time in a long time, her mind unified with her heart, pleasantly, buoyantly. The shadow of pain and hurt still clung to the edges, but big and bright, front, and center, something warm glowed inside.  
Chapter Thirteen

Gathering her resolve to move forward, and blocking out the voice in her head that whined that it was too cold, too windy, too everything, Kira said, “Let’s go.” 
Surprisingly, moving into the water wasn’t the freezing shock she’d expected. The wetsuit provided a toasty layer between her and the frigid temperature of the Atlantic. Ian being so close helped, too.
They walked out chest deep with Ian guiding the board over the waves. “Now, to hop on.” 
Hop was not a technical term or a word that accurately described how Kira flailed as she tried to mount the board, which floated on moving water. She thrashed, arms and legs waving wildly, as she tried to lay on it lengthwise on her belly. 
“You are goofy,” Ian said, all dimples, when she emerged from underwater. He didn’t mean it in an insulting way, but she felt like crying nonetheless. Kira had imagined she’d get right up and surf a wave into shore on her first try. Whenever she tried something new, she usually had an easy time, the signature of her status as a capable over-achiever.
“It just takes practice and patience. And more practice,” Ian said encouragingly. “You’ll get it. Here, I’ll help you up.” He motioned to pick Kira up to lift her onto the board, but she sunk back, despite her desire to feel his warmth again.
“No, I want to do it,” she said. 
Ian offered an understanding smile. “That’s the spirit.”
 Something passed between them as Kira called upon her confidence. She could tell by his subtle grin, that his esteem for her effort grew. 
After looking ridiculous as she tried to get on the board, sliding off, and repeating the broken bit of choreography until she sweated beneath her suit, she finally managed to get on it. Kira rested her cheek on the surfboard, facing Ian. In a moment of vulnerability and triumph she uttered, “I did it.” Then she closed her eyes and cried. A few moments later, she opened them when Ian placed his hand lightly on her upper back. 
Looking right into the heart of her tears he said, “Yes, you did.” 
She couldn’t be sure, as wet as they both were, but it looked like his eyes were moist too. 
Kira floated there for a few more minutes, the water lapping gently at the rails of the board, the end of the long braid she’d done earlier that morning splayed in the water. The receding tide carried away the emotions that threatened to rock her. She felt comfortable with Ian’s presence anchoring her. 
“This is about more than being afraid of the water and surfing, huh?” he said softly. 
Kira nodded. 
“Are you okay?” he asked. 
The tears had passed and an irrepressible smile pushed at the corners of Kira’s lips. “I will be. You?” she asked, actually feeling refreshed and renewed in some way. 
“I am.” He nodded. 
Then a sharp whistle called their attention. A wetsuit-clad figure stood on the shore waving her arms above her head. Ian pulled back the sleeve of his wetsuit to look at his watch. “Oh, next lesson,” he said absently. 
Kira paddled in, Ian showing her how deep to dig with each stroke. Just before they were within earshot of his next student, he asked, “Will you be back for more?” The peacefully private mood they shared out on the water quickly dissipated as they rejoined the walking and talking world, but Kira wanted to get back in only if to revisit it and try again. 
“Tomorrow, if you’re available.” Kira replied, her cheeks feeling rosy.
“Let’s do it,” Ian said.
Once onshore, the student was Vanessa, the same blonde from earlier. She put her hand on Ian’s arm in a familiar way when he approached her with the longboard Kira had used. 
Kira turned away and walked back to the surf shop to peel the wetsuit off and gather her things. As she neared, Jamie languidly leaned in the doorway, wearing his sunglasses. 
“Hey, you. Good sesh?” 
She deciphered the surfer speak. “Got on the board. That’s a start,” she said while awkwardly trying to unzip her wetsuit.
“Ian had another student, eh?” 
“Oh, yeah,” Kira said, trying not to think about Vanessa.
“Let me help you outta that suit. They’re easy to get on, but no one, not even pros have an easy time getting them off.” 
They worked it loose from her shoulder. Kira got an arm free, and Jamie unpeeled the black material as he stood on his knees, drawing it down to her hips. His fingers grazed the side of her chest. An unfamiliar thrill of intimacy rushed through her. It had been a long time, but Jamie’s touch there met her with desire, lust. As he crouched and pulled the suit from around her ankle, she tried to help. A piece of her hair, now loose from its braid, grazed his shoulder. He gazed intensely into her eyes. 
 “I forgot a towel,” Kira said, feeling goose bumps on the sunny May morning. 
“I’ll warm you up,” he said, leading her inside. Jamie grabbed a towel off a shelf with the Boardroom logo. “A gift from me to you.” He wrapped it around her shoulders, bringing her in close to him. 
“Thank you,” she said, already feeling warmer and suddenly unsteady.
“How about a coffee to thaw you out?” he asked. 
They passed shelves of t-shirts, hoodies, and flip-flops on their way to the café part of the shop. The cinnamon buns Kira smelled baking earlier cooled on a large platter. 
The girl behind the counter smiled coyly. “Morning Jamie, what can I get for you?”
“What can you get for us?” he corrected, with a smile motioning to Kira. “I’ll have my uzh. And for Kira,” he swept his hand in her direction. 
She asked herself if this was real. Her own husband hardly noticed her, now two guys, in the same day, remembered her name, acted friendly, flirtatious. No way did they had a bet, there was just no way, she told herself, traumatized by Blain’s scathing words that cut through the moment. 
“I’d like a coffee, just milk, please.”
“And one of these babies,” Jamie said, pointing to the gooey plate of giant cinnamon buns. 
He stretched his arms overhead while they waited for the order, revealing the toned line of his waist and abs. She practically drooled and not over the melted glaze drizzle on the cinnamon confection. 
Kira, her body exhausted from being in the waves, welcomed the chair Jamie pulled out at a vacant table. When he joined her, the sleeves of his t-shirt hugging his upper arms and the eager expression on his lips, caused something primal and long dormant, or never quite conscious to begin with, to awaken within her.
“So, Kira, what brings you here, this time of year? We usually get the beach babes in the summer months.” He said the words as if they were the most normal thing in the world. Like beach babes were the same as kittens or apples. 
Kira wasn’t sure what to say. She didn’t feel the same connection to Jamie as she did to Ian, she felt like she could be herself with the latter. Both were intense. But with Jamie, it was different; there was attraction, but the kind that left her tongue-tied. She wasn’t sure he’d understand her vague explanation. 
“I wanted to try something new, I guess.”
“You came to the right place. I just got back from Costa Rica. The swell was up so I flew down there for a couple. It was really going off. You have to do it while you can, yanno? You just never know when the waves will be flat or when your number might be up.” 
“Too true.”
 Jamie pulled a chunk off the cinnamon roll. “Delicious. Have a bite.” 
Kira took a length of the coiled roll. 
He smiled flirtatiously at her, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he sipped his coffee. “You know they say cinnamon is an aphrodisiac.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Kira said candidly.
“You’ve got something, there,” he reached over and wiped a crumb off her lip then licked his finger. A hot flame ignited within her. She pressed her lips together in the place he’d just touched, and she felt a deep longing, sizzling inside her. 
A couple young surfers approached their table. 
“Hey, bro,” said a thin kid with the hood of his sweatshirt pulled up.
“Dudes, how are ya?” 
Kira got lost in how he swallowed the letter “r” for how ahhh ya and drew out the letter a. His accent was another sexy thing about him. Kira nearly choked on her sip of coffee when the thought tumbled in her mind. 
Jamie fist bumped each of them. 
“We’re here to check out the new boards we saw posted on Facebook.” 
“Cool. I’ll be with you in just a sec.” Jamie turned back to Kira. “They come in here whenever we get a shipment, goggle the boards, but never buy. I remember doing that when I was a kid, lusting after things I couldn’t have.” Jamie popped the center of the cinnamon roll in his mouth, his eyes full of meaning. 
“That reminds me, I have a board. Ian said the shop buys used ones. Well, not used. He said it’s brand new. I just want to get rid of it.” Kira could almost taste Ian’s name in her mouth. But she suddenly felt self-conscious about her choice of words. She was new to this world and surfers were serious about their boards.
“I’ll take a look.” He stood to assist the young customers. “Do you have a change of clothes?”
“Oh yeah, in the back room.”
“Too bad, you look good in that bikini.” When she walked passed a mirror, hanging by a display of sunglasses, her cheeks in the reflection couldn’t have been any redder. They burned and that wasn’t all. He was so bold. No one ever said anything like that to her. Kira’s mind chattered like a schoolgirl with her first crush. What did he mean? What was that look he gave her, a wink? She wasn’t old by any standards, but she didn’t look like Vanessa either. 
Kira ducked into the back room and found her things, realizing she’d didn’t remember underwear. She chuckled about going commando as she quickly pulled on her pants. 
As she slipped the strings of the damp bikini top from around her neck, the door opened and Jamie’s tall figure filled the doorway. Kira covered her chest with her arms, despite the rack of wetsuits shielding her. He approached her with an easy gate and placed his hands lightly on both of her shoulders. He tilted his face down to her. He paused; looking into her eyes as if that was all the permission he needed, and then moved in all the way to her lips, his still sweet from the cinnamon bun. 
It took her breath away. His kiss was primal, wild like the ocean on that first morning she visited the beach. He pulled her to his chest. Kira wasn’t sure if she still breathed, with the intensity of being so close. She wrapped her arms around him, letting the warmth of his skin penetrate her. He pawed her chest with one hand. Then he pulled off his sweatshirt and they pressed skin to skin. Kira couldn’t believe what was happening, but the sensations in her body blocked out all other thought. 
A vibration on Kira’s hip jolted her back to reality. It was Jamie’s cell phone in his pocket. They both tried to ignore it, but the moment passed, and they slowly pulled out of each other’s arms. Kira scrambled around for her top. 
“Will you be taking another lesson?” he asked.
“I think so.” Kira panicked, fearing he gave lessons too. She felt so comfortable in the water with Ian and wanted him to be her instructor, especially now. She didn’t want Jamie to see her floundering on the board and especially not crying. Out there, that morning, wasn’t her most attractive moment.
“I can pencil you in whenever you want. Ian’s available on the weekends.” His words brought relief and courage.
“Is tomorrow too soon?” 
“Not soon enough. I’d offer to bring you out myself, but I have to mind the shop. In fact, I better get back to the front.” 
Once dressed, Kira walked out behind him, feeling both elated and sheepish, though there weren’t any witnesses to see her still rosy cheeks. She smoothed her hair and straightened her fleece. 
“About that board,” he said. 
“I’ll bring it in tomorrow,” Kira said, suddenly needing fresh air. She had to process what just happened. She’d never done anything like that. Ever. The fire between them burned so intensely. She couldn’t piece together what had come over her. 
“Looking forward to checking it out,” he said as flirtatious as ever. 
Kira felt a twinge below her belly. “See you then.”
As Kira made her way to the parking lot, Ian walked along the beach with the longboard beneath his arm. Vanessa trotted beside him like an eager puppy. She wanted him to notice her, yet was afraid he might read the kiss, still fresh on her lips, that she just shared with Jamie. She felt one thing around him and something else with Ian. Her orderly life kept getting more confusing. Less than six hours ago, she lay in her bed weeping, lamenting loss, and shaking with anger. Now she found herself on the other end of the spectrum, filled with desire and longing.

Chapter Fourteen

Kira drove along the coast with the window down, letting the smell of the sea air buffet her senses. 
Arriving back at Lilac Court, she still rode the energy of her surfing experience. After lunch, she cleared the kitchen table, set out the stack of bills, papers, and other mail she’d uncharacteristically put off. In the last week, she’d done the bare minimum around the house, devoting all her energy to completing the Foster-Davis project.
 Kira sorted letters in two piles, ones addressed to her, and ones to Jeremy. She started with her own since they were probably the most urgent. She frantically tore open a letter from the clinic she went to with Nicole. Cursing Jeremy, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath before unfolding the sheet of paper. All the checks were in the negative column. She let her head hang back, released her breath, and then slumped in her chair as the reason for the testing burned into her mind. 
Kira recycled all the junk mail, leafed through cards of condolence, a letter from the auto insurance company, inquiries to their property, and solicitations for legal representation for wrongful injury. She snorted.
“If you can mend broken hearts then I’m all ears.”
Kira straightened out her neglected checking account, thankful that she’d retained her own. When they married, she and Jeremy kept all their finances separate, but he had certain bills directly withdrawn from his account and she had some from hers. Jeremy had savings too, but she hadn’t dealt with that, his 401K, or any of his business, yet. It all waited for her attention, the stack of rectangular, white envelopes sitting discouragingly with his name printed in the center. 
When Kira logged into her bank account, it showed the bottom line getting dangerously low; she’d taken unpaid time, and all that shopping she and Nicole had done put a dent in the total. In addition, she still paid off the hefty student loans not covered by her scholarship and a credit card she’d used for the wedding. Jeremy had been flush because his parents paid for Harvard and everything else he wanted.
She grumbled each time she tore open an envelope addressed to Jeremy. “If he loved Courtney so much, she should be doing this,” Kira said, ruefully, after getting a paper cut.
She browsed a bank statement, confirming the auto-payments for some of the household bills. When she got to the end, the total available funds indicated Jeremy had over fifty-thousand dollars saved. The investment statements confirmed it was actually his money, not some scam he pulled, which wouldn’t have surprised her at that point. 
 Jeremy obviously believed he was invincible, but when they’d married, she’d had the forethought to set up a prenuptial agreement. Without having to do any research, Kira knew all those zeroes with the five sitting prominently at the front belonged to her. However, what debt he’d accrued, she couldn’t be sure of either. On top of what she’d recently learned about her former husband, who knew what other kinds of messes he’d left. He could’ve had a double life, with a wife and kids in middle-America, and a thriving door-to-door vacuum cleaner sales business. She sighed, her chest aching. 
“Money can’t fix my broken heart,” she whispered. Then Ian’s sparkling eyes and kissing Jamie glided into her vision. She shook the distractions out of her head. 
Twilight settled when Kira opened the last envelope, her back aching from paddling and hunching over the computer. There wasn’t a name or title above the return address so she’d figured it was just junk mail, but tore it open anyway. The letter inside revealed Jeremy’s life insurance policy would be issuing her a check. The numbers teased her. $500,000. Kira fell out of her chair. 
“Jeremy, you bastard,” she said, lying on the West Elm rug beneath the table and looking at the ceiling. Part of her felt wild with relief, but a greater part couldn’t accept the money. They’d married; however, Kira didn’t have reason to believe he provided for her out of the goodness and love in his heart. She considered calling Nicole, but didn’t want to bother her so late. 
She knew he didn’t have life insurance in case they had kids, she couldn’t imagine he’d take the bet that far. Would they? But if they did, he’d want Jeremy Junior looked after and sent to Harvard, all expenses paid, just like the rest of the men in his family. The Annandales observed an upper class canon that Kira only half understood. There were investments, charitable donations, and accounts for a variety of interests. They casually dropped contribution and portfolio totals at family gatherings in respectable financial competition. Jeremy had just gotten started, but perhaps life insurance, a tally of his worth, was part of the prestige in his world.
Kira took her seat at the table, unsure what to do. She worried about hang-ups and debts he may have left her to sort out. The sum of all the accounts plus the life insurance was very different from surviving on tofu and kale back at the commune. 
Kira’s eyes grew heavy. She completed the paperwork then retired upstairs, scrolls of black numbers set against a white background flashing before her eyes. She splashed water on her face, hoping to wash it all away. When that didn’t work, she tumbled into bed. The last thing she remembered was looking deeply into the memory of Ian’s eyes set against the lapping waves. 
Kira dreamt of her body intertwined with Jamie’s as they rolled and romped in the sand, his lips touching hers, chest to chest, their hips pressing into each other, but then he morphed into Jeremy, with cold hands and bony fingers. She woke in a sweat at five a.m. 
Brushing the dream off, Kira quickly got ready, donning the beach babe bikini. She remembered to grab underwear, tossing the cotton ones back into her drawer and riffling toward the back for a lacy pair.
Filled with anticipation as she drove to the shore, she couldn’t suss out that which was greater, seeing Ian and surfing or Jamie and feeling his body ravenous for hers. She tried to think back to when she last felt that way. An empty bed appeared in her mind. 
Kira remembered being excited about Jeremy when they’d first met. Her sorority sisters egged her on, but her own insecurities and inexperience at having never been with someone before him overshadowed all her other feelings. 
The surf, Ian, and Jamie were hers, completely her own. She shoved thoughts of Jeremy from her mind when she pulled into the lot long before she was due at the lesson. Just the gull sat on the wall. Like the thin clouds overhead, she deflated. 
Kira got out and watched the swell. The sky slowly cleared from the early morning fog. Through the mist, someone caught a wave and rode it smoothly in. Looking as far out to sea as she could, she started to discern them coming in sets when Ian appeared in front of her, board in hand, wet from top to bottom. 
“Good Morning,” he said brightly, his patent smile bringing one to her lips.
“Hello.” 
If ever someone could look good in yards of neoprene, an award belonged to him. Kira could make out his muscles beneath the material. The way he moved was at once graceful and strong. 
“How was it out there?” she asked. 
“Wicked.” He took his seat next to Kira, closer this time. They discussed the sets Kira had observed and he said it was a lucky day when you caught site of those. 
“What’d you think of yesterday?” he asked, rubbing water and sand from his hair. 
Scene one with him, scene two with Jamie, or scene three when she learned about the money Jeremy had and her ever-growing anxiety about it. She opted for the obvious. “Best time in recent memory to tell you the truth.”
“Only the truth, always,” he said. 
Kira smiled at that for her own, deeper reasons. His offer of the truth, even during simple conversation, was a priceless gift after the web of lies she’d recently unraveled.
“I hope today will be just as good.”
“I think so. It’s a little punchy right now, but the tide’s changing, should be good swell for getting on your feet.” They chatted easily in each other’s company and then headed over to the Boardroom to get ready. 
Kira felt her cheeks redden when she spotted Jamie, but he was busy with a customer. Ian followed her into the back room where she slid on the wetsuit. 
Ian riffled through boxes again. “Ah ha! I’ve been looking for these for ages,” he said, holding three waxy pucks in his hands. He started juggling them, nearly falling over more boxes. 
Kira giggled. 
“Board wax. Andy special ordered some for me, but I couldn’t find it in this disaster. This is the best kind, eco-friendly, not too sticky…” he said, tossing one deftly at Kira. She caught it. It smelled creamy, like coconut. 
Once suited up and with board in hand, Kira and Ian made the trek across the beach. He quizzed her on what to do if she fell off and went over safety measures. Like a good student, she put her hands over her head, demonstrating what he’d instructed. He set the board down and had her work on her popup on dry land, which was nearly as humiliating as the day before. Once she’d done it three consecutive times, they dipped into the waves.
Kira got onto the board with far more ease this time. Her body remembered what to do. She found her midline and the freshly waxed board helped her stabilize. Once on her belly, Ian had her practice paddling again.
“You know what’s next? Right?” he asked with a twinkle in his eyes. “Come on, surfer girl. We’re going to get you up on a wave,” he said, whooping and grabbing her hand to lead her a little farther out. He lined the board up perpendicular to the shoreline and held onto the tail. Kira paddled while he held it stationary. 
“You’ll feel me push and release you. Keep paddling, when you hear me holler popup, go for it.” 
He made it sound so easy, but she wasn’t sure she wanted him to let go. She felt secure in his hands. 
“What do you say, are you ready? We’ll only do it if you’re ready.” 
Kira took a deep breath. With it, she sensed where the water and air met at an invisible spot. The saltiness filled her nose. The gulls called above. She felt Ian’s warmth and encouragement just an arm’s reach away. “I’m ready,” Kira said confidently. 
Ian watched for a wave over his shoulder. “Ok, paddle.” 
After a handful of strokes, he released the board, and with a rush, she moved forward. 
Then he shouted, “Popup.” 
Slowly, as if the wave waited for her to find her footing, she got up and rode it. The sea air flowed through her. 
Then she was down. Splash. Ian rushed to her side in seconds. He extended his hands for hers, pulling her to her feet. They intertwined their fingers and squeezed in triumph. Kira jumped up and down giddily. 
“You had it. You did it. That was awesome.” Then he grabbed the nearly nine-foot missile before it hit either of them as the incoming white water battered it. “Again?” 
“Again.” 
Ian set Kira up, she paddled, he pushed, and then she popped up. Then another time and another. She fell off about an equal number of times to actually getting to her feet. She sat on the board waiting for the next set with Ian standing in the water beside her. 
“That was—” But the words that came to mind didn’t do it justice: exhilarating, beautiful, powerful, alive. The smothering sadness she met every night was absent. 
“I know,” Ian said without her having to finish. 
While he gave Kira some pointers, a sharp whistle interrupted them. Vanessa, wearing a wetsuit pulled down to her waist, stood on the shore with one hand on her hip, the other waving them in.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Ian muttered. Kira noticed his annoyed expression. He checked his watch. “I guess that’s my next lesson. Sorry, I was having fun.”
“Me too,” she assured him. “It’s work though, right?” Kira said, glumly thinking that she too had to return to her job the following day. 
“You did great.”
He gave her a smile she didn’t know what to make of. It was at once friendly and tender. He wore a tremulousness on his lips that told her he wanted to ask something, but was too shy. 
“I’ll be back,” Kira quickly said before Vanessa edged between them.
***
Butterflies danced in Kira’s stomach when she entered the Boardroom just as Jamie got off the phone.
“Good morning, beautiful,” he said, taking a big sip of coffee. “Missed you earlier. Late night last night. Big party at Tug’s. Lee here had to open the shop,” he said, pointing to a guy with spikey black hair fixing a nearby display.
“So how was it out there today?” 
“Great. I got up.”
“Nothing like that first time, ‘eh?” Jamie said, looking at her with a juicy smile. 
“Let’s get your suit off.” 
Like the day before, they peeled Kira out of the extremely tight fitting wetsuit. Then he followed her to the back room, no pretense of dropping in on her half-dressed. She smiled, privately, at what it felt like to be desired.
In the dim light, Jamie’s tan and chiseled muscles rippled as he picked her up and wrapped her legs around him, setting her on top of a stack of boxes, the heat building between their skin. They kissed hungrily, tongues, lips, and hands exploring each other. It was like nothing Kira ever experienced. She yearned for more. All too soon, approaching footsteps interrupted them. 
“So, about that board,” Jamie said as Lee entered looking for some stock, as if they’d just been back there chatting.
“Oh, yeah, it’s on top of my car out in the beach lot, want to have a look?” Kira said breathlessly. 
Jamie winked at her. She contained an unexpected burst of laughter, feeling like a teenager caught doing something naughty. She mused at the possibility that she had a chance to make up for the carefree days she lost to studying back in high school. It was as if she was getting away with something, but the bonus was, there weren’t consequences. Not really. 
“Anything to get a few more minutes with you,” Jaime said quietly. 
Kira took a deep breath; he was still so close. 
When they walked through the parking lot, Ian and Vanessa, finished with their lesson, headed through the sand toward the Boardroom. 
From across the beach, Vanessa called in a singsong voice, “Hey, Jamie.” Part of Kira hoped Ian didn’t notice her walking with him; it wasn’t exactly innocent. She still hadn’t figured out how to navigate this new domain of men. 
“She’s mad for anyone with a surfboard,” Jamie said. “Looks like she’s got ahold of Ian,” he chuckled. “And I’ve got you, I hope,” Jamie said, grabbing Kira around the waist as they rounded, out of sight, to the other side of the Mercedes. 
Jamie pressed Kira up against the back passenger door. They exchanged a quick kiss, filled with desire. Her back pressed into the cool metal frame and his body into hers. There was so little between them, just fabric, making Kira flush with longing for him. A minivan parked a few spaces down, and they separated.
“So, this is the board, huh?” Jamie said, pulling it down off the roof where Ian had fastened it securely. “Great shape, never used.” He turned it over in his hands a few times.
Kira looked away.
“We’ll take it. What do you want for it?” 
The value of surfboards flew far out of her frame of reference. “I have no idea—wait—how about you give it to one of those kids who came in yesterday, the ones you said reminded you of yourself when you were younger. And I’ll buy the other kid one.” 
Jamie looked at her sideways. “What kind of Mercedes-driving good Samaritan are you?” 
“A very satisfied one,” she said with an attempt at a sultry smile, surprising herself with the flirtatious response. 
“When will you be back for a lesson?” Jamie asked. 
“Next weekend?” 
“Too long,” Jamie said. “How about you call me, and we’ll get together one night this week.” Kira wasn’t sure that would be possible with work, but since she did just finish the project, maybe she’d be back on a semi-normal schedule.
“Just need your digits.” 
Kira grabbed her cell out of the SUV, hardly believing what was happening. 
“Promise not to forget. I’m leaving for South Africa in a couple weeks.”
“Surfing?”
“And safari.”
“A surfari?”
“You got it. There’s a retreat there, guests go surfing, I show them around, and we go on safari.”
“Like a tour guide?” 
“Something like that. I go all over, Indo, the UK, and Australia, of course. Always summer.” He kissed her, wetly, on the lips, before trotting back across the parking lot with the board. 

Chapter Fifteen

When Kira got back to Lilac Court, she wanted nothing more than a nap with the hope that sleep would help her untangle her confusion and lust. However, the house itself and the memories it contained, coupled with Jeremy’s computer idly reminding her of his betrayal, prompted her back out to the store.
Later, with a new computer, she sat at the table, paralyzed by the stack of paperwork, bills, and a large sum of money, all thanks to Jeremy’s untimely demise. She stared, as if somewhere scrawled in the margin of a letter, or a notice, laid the answer. 
She called Nicole. 
“I have this issue. It seems Jeremy left me a lot of money. Well, not me directly, of course. Our marriage was a sham, why would he have wanted to do that? It was probably for the potential children we’d had if Blain continued to up the ante,” Kira said sarcastically. 
“Not likely, he never struck me as the fatherly sort, but go on.”
“It’s a lot of money.”
“Life insurance?”
“Yes,” Kira answered, exhaling.
“I get the importance,” Nicole said, referring to her own situation.
“But obviously there aren’t children. I don’t feel right about taking it.”
“Are you sure that it’s yours? No hidden fine print or second wives?”
“Ninety-nine percent. I have a few calls to make tomorrow. It was all part of the boys club, you know, him, his brothers, and all that. Nicole, I may not have come from much, but I do have expensive taste and it’s a lot of money. I don’t know what to do.”
“Don’t spend it all in one place.” 
Kira laughed. “But really, though.”
“There’s no sense in turning your nose up at it. Think of it as recompense for your troubles. Or interest accumulated for all the dinners he missed.” 
“It feels dirty. He wasn’t honest with me. What if every time I write a check or buy a coffee I’m reminded of him?”
“There are two answers to that.” Nicole paused.
“And they are?” Kira asked, waiting. The line was quiet. 
“The baby just kicked.”
“Really?”
“Really. Nate, come here, the baby just kicked,” Nicole called excitedly. 
The couple made happy noises, sharing the special moment. Kira grew lonely as their world broadened, punctuating her solitude.  
“I wish you were here. I wish you could feel this. It’s extraordinary. I hope you have a baby someday and her and July can play and grow up together just like we did.” Nicole’s words retrieved Kira’s attention and her senses. She abandoned her despairing thoughts, feeling foolish.
“I wish I was there, too. That’s amazing. Tell me if it happens again,” Kira said warmly.
“As I was saying, your choices are to accept the fact that Jeremy will always be a part of your life to some degree, at least in memory, or you could let him go.”
“I wish it was easier,” Kira said forlornly. “College fund for July?” she suggested.
“Her name is already down at Columbia, but we’ll take contributions,” Nicole said, laughing. 
As her laughter tinkled over the distance between them, it reached Kira’s ears with the reminder of their emotional proximity. With it, resounded Nicole’s advice to accept or let go. For the rest of the night those two ideas seesawed in Kira’s mind, one gaining upper ground then the other. 
At two a.m., still awake, she asked herself, which is it going to be? Accept or let go. She found herself answering that she was tired. Sleep. She consented. For the second night in a row, she slipped away, peacefully, into fluid dreams.
Days one and two back to work were routine, but on day three Kira was jumpy with anticipation to meet Jamie for drinks after yoga. At two he texted her.
What are you doing?
She replied, Working. You?
A few seconds later, her phone vibrated again.
Thinking about you. Can we meet earlier?
In the middle of multitasking and replying to a client on the office line, Kira quivered with excitement. Jamie’s texts became deliciously distracting. Another appeared, this one warm and buttery.
The back room was pretty hot. Any chance we can do that again? Soon.
Kira answered, I’m out of work at five and go directly to yoga.
Within seconds, he wrote, Where? I love yoga. Kama Sutra. Yum. 
The buttery feeling gave way to a hot buttered popcorn explosion. Kira burst with anticipation, recalling the feel of his fingers sliding across her skin, his breath on her neck, and his lips on hers. Then Jamie’s wet kiss by the Mercedes had her practically popping out of her chair.
“Please hold,” Kira said into the mouthpiece of the office phone. She’d woken up thinking about Jamie every day since they last saw each other. She undid the top button of her Dolce and Gabbana blouse, fanning herself. She couldn’t wait any longer. 
She texted, Prana Yama Yama. 
Save me a spot, he replied in a matter of seconds.
Then, the reality of him seeing her sweat made her palms uncomfortably moist. Envisioning her appearance at yoga with red cheeks and her hair slick with perspiration, made her think twice about the invitation. Then she brightened realizing, when a guy like Jamie got sweaty there was no doubt he’d look hot, so maybe it’d be worth it. 
The late afternoon hours ticked by, punctuating the growing knot in Kira’s stomach. She wondered if Alice would be offended that she’d invited a guy to their class. Or worse, she feared what Alice would think of her since Jeremy had just died. Her thoughts raced. She picked up her phone to text Jamie back and cancel, but Alice appeared. 
“How’s it going?”
“Oh, me? I’m fine,” Kira answered, flustered.
“I’m not going to be able to make it to class this evening. Date.” She beamed. 
Kira didn’t dare tell her she’d invited her very own date to crash their class.
“You’ll be missed.”
“Don’t ditch,” Nicole warned. 
Kira wouldn’t dream of it. “Absolutely.” Crisis averted. Her shoulders and stomach relaxed. 
Kira skipped out of the office ten minutes early, figuring she’d earned it the week before since she’d all but moved into the place. She wanted to be at the studio and changed when Jamie arrived. 
Kira waited in the lounge area, thinking his bronzed body would saunter through the door any second, but when Amber invited them into the class space, he still hadn’t arrived. After they did the opening Om chant, Jamie still hadn’t shown up. By the time Kira reclined in Savasana, she could hardly relax as her body twitched with restlessness and rejection. After she grabbed a smoothie, she turned her phone back on. A text waited.
Sorry. Couldn’t make it. Come to my place. Please? 57 Dune Road. 
Again, Kira’s palms moistened. She wasn’t expecting this turn of events as she tried to figure out how to maneuver in the land of dating and her place in it. Her mind volleyed back and forth, as she considered going to Jamie’s or back to Lilac Court. She had work the next morning. Her house and his were in opposite directions. If she went, did she go home first and freshen up? Would she return home before morning? Kira took a deep breath. 
Live. 
She turned toward the highway. 
Catching the scent of the sea air as she neared the beach, Kira instantly calmed down. However, as the GPS announced her arrival on Dune Road, she worked herself into a tizzy all over again. 
Kira pulled alongside a beach house crash pad. A Jeep and VW parked in the front sported a smattering of surf related bumper stickers. Surfboards leaned on the exterior wall of the house, and beach chairs, a grill, and other miscellaneous items were scattered around the yard. 
Laughter led Kira to a side door that was propped open. She wasn’t in Kansas anymore or in her reality, Newton, she thought bemused. As Kira hesitantly entered, the grouping of people in the kitchen and living room reminded her of her childhood, of her parents and their hippie friends. Only instead of activism, sit-ins, and music festivals these people talked about surf reports, exotic super waves, and custom boards. She felt out of place, like the mom returning to bring the babysitter home only to discover she’d thrown a party. Maybe so much time studying in high school and college prevented her from learning how to let loose. Kira wanted to disappear beneath her designer clothes and patent leather heels.
“Kira, hey,” Jamie called. “Grab a beer.” On the floor just behind her, Kira spotted a cooler, and politely took a cold bottle of Corona. 
She picked her way over to the couch where Jamie lounged. He opened the bottle for her. The others in the room sat transfixed by a surfing video that played on a TV nestled into what was once the brick surround of a fireplace. 
Jamie pulled her onto his lap, immediately giving her a big kiss. He tasted like beer and salt. Afraid they were making a scene, Kira snuck a peek around the room, but no one paid them any attention—the guy on the orange board riding through a tube on the video was far more captivating. 
“Sorry I couldn’t make it to yoga. Good class?”
“Yeah, great.”
“So how about you and I—” He raised one eyebrow in the direction of a room with a colorful Mexican blanket pinned over the door. 
Kira took a sip of her beer as they entered. Jamie grabbed a blanket from the corner and beckoned Kira outside.
She kicked off her heels before following him along a path between sea grasses rustling in the light breeze. They walked a ways down the beach before Jamie stopped and spread the blanket. He pulled a couple more beers out of the pocket of his shorts and took off the sunglasses that were always perched atop his head. 
“I’ve been thinking about you all day. All week. I was hoping yoga would be foreplay. But we’ll have to make up for it now,” he said, taking off his shirt to reveal his taut muscles in the half-moon light. 
Kira took another big sip of beer at the sight of his bronzed body. With one hand, he pulled her closer, took a last sip of his beer, and then placed his lips on hers. He nibbled on her neck, and then kissed her chest as he unbuttoned her shirt. Heat zipped from Kira’s head to her toes. 
They kissed, their bodies pressing together, until he pulled her down onto the blanket. His muscles rippled against her skin. Kneeling in front of her he said, “Why don’t we get rid of these?” Kira’s stockings came off. Next thing she knew her legs were around his shoulders. He ran his hands down her thighs and then dove in. As moans escaped her, she couldn’t recall pleasure with such fiery passion. Ever. Her body shivered with desire. Ecstatic stars danced behind her closed eyes. 
Next, she tugged at his shorts, grappling with the belt. As the waves rolled in and out, he pressed inside her. Kira’s fingers gripped the broad width of Jamie’s back. They kissed, pawed, and groped like heated animals, rolling from the blanket to the sand and back again. The pleasure penetrated deeply inside, spreading from her warm center, through her arms and legs. The breeze dried her glistening brow as lips and hips moved in and out. 
As they lay there afterward, the moon dancing off the water, Jamie sprawled out on the blanket. Kira lay along his length, his hoodie draped over them. Their warm skin touched in some places and hinted at doing so in others.
“You were my first surfer.” 
Jamie laughed. 
“And what’d you say you do, you’re in advertising?”
“That’s me.”
“Suits and ties?” 
“Skirts and heels, but yeah.”
“How about next time just the heels.” She heard the flirtatious tension of longing in his voice. “That was awesome.” 
Kira slowly got up and looked for her clothes, shaking off the sand, unsure of booty call protocol. 
“Don’t go so soon. I’m usually ready again after a little while,” he said, leaning on his elbows.  
“I work early in the morning,” Kira said.
“Surfers aren’t a bunch of lay-abouts. I get up early. Earlier than you I’d say,” he said jokingly.
“Oh, I doubt that,” Kira said, raising her eyebrows, thinking of the predawn hours as her recent companion. 
Getting to his feet, Jamie drew Kira in for one more kiss, unbothered by his nakedness. He pressed up against her, reminding her of his potency. 
“Are you sure I can’t convince you to stay,” he said, brushing her hair from her face with his thumbs. It was tempting as his fingers slid down her sides and then firmly squeezed her hips. His breath tickled her neck.
“This weekend? Surf lessons?” she said. 
“Then sex?” he asked. 
She whacked him playfully with her bag. 
“I’ll put you on the schedule.”
“Can’t wait,” Kira said over her shoulder as she skipped across the sand. 

Chapter Sixteen

The wind blew through Kira’s tangled hair as she drove past the beach to the highway. Exhilarated and exhausted at the same time, she reeled in her newfound freedom. 
When she exited, she found herself blinking to keep awake, but not from physical fatigue. Processing what she’d done with Jamie, what she hadn’t done with Jeremy, drained her. These dark thoughts accompanied her restless quest for sleep. 
The following day at work, replaying the scene on the beach under the moonlight electrified her. In the light of day, the late-night rendezvous with the surfer stud carried a much brighter hue than the doleful doubts that accompanied her back to Lilac Court. 
By dinnertime, she hungered for Jamie. Just one more day she told herself. With thoughts of surfing again and Ian, another kind of excitement joined the first. Getting in the water with him cleansed her. It brought renewal and her courage to try something new uplifted her spirit. For the first time in a long time, she had someone and something to look forward to. 
By Friday, Kira had answers about the finances. Minus taxes, all the money belonged to her. She wanted to jump for joy. She wanted to curse at Jeremy. But it was more complicated than a simple transfer into her account.
Thousands of dollars and yet, she didn’t feel good about it. With access to the checking and savings, she fantasized about a shopping spree or fleeing the country and leaving all her troubles behind. She considered stashing it in a treasure chest, and burying it in the sand for a hapless sailor to discover, map and all. She deliberated climbing to the roof of the office building and letting cash flutter to the city streets like in a movie. She wasn’t sure what to do. Her mind, already overflowing about two sides of several subjects, didn’t have room for more. There was Jamie and Ian. There was sex and surfing. It was Jeremy’s money and it kept her tied to him. As if she was still a puppet on a string. Kira tucked the thoughts of money away. She let the others, namely Jamie and surfing, fill her. 
When Kira returned to Lilac Court that night, a letter from her sister waited in the stack of mail. It read,
Dear Summer,
Are you still alive? I’m sorry about the cocksucker. Really I am. We can talk about the merits of playing for the other team if you’re tired of men. I hope you’re finding ways to deal, aside from redecorating or reorganizing something. Let loose. Live a little. Lord knows we are. I’m livin’ the life—chasing after four kids with the fifth on the way. I’m cruising in a Mercedes, have a custom-built house in the suburbs, loads of money in the bank from my high paying job… You’d think I had it all. Oh, wait. That’s you. 
But seriously, despite the fact that Acacia and I share a rusty Subaru, live in a two bedroom fixer-upper that we can spit from one end to the other in, with almost seven of us, and there isn’t much more than a couple dusty pennies in the bank, there’s love in our hearts and food in our bellies, so life isn’t so bad. That’s enough for me. 
So give me a call, text, or whatever and let me know you’re still breathing. I know I remind you of mom and dad and all that shit, but I’m your sister and there’s a piece of you in my heart, too. 
Look after yourself and keep happy. Love, Winter
She also included the usual update on her passel of children and firsts: steps, teeth, school, and so on. Kira knew Winter embellished a little because they were quite comfortable in Greenwich, Connecticut. They didn’t live in a mansion like their neighbors, but she made it sound far worse than the reality of their cute Victorian. And for all the crap Winter gave her about her finely tuned home organization skills she had the same ones, or at least similar enough to be considered by some, in the realm of obsessive compulsive. Kira also knew when her sister was being sincere, even if in her own way, and she appreciated the sentiment about being part of Winter’s family.
***
On Saturday morning, Kira jetted to the beach before first light, hoping to join Ian on the wall. He sat there, his strong shoulders squared to the sea. She slid into the spot beside him, her pulse quickening. 
“Morning,” he said brightly.
“I thought I’d find you here,” Kira answered, surprising herself with the words.
“Glad you did. Eager to get in the water?” 
Kira nodded. Ian went on to point out little nuances about the wind, the waves, and the marine environment. Before Kira knew it, they waded back in the water. The sun lit up Kira’s face. She got up on her board, though a bit wobbly. 
“Popup,” Ian called at just the right time when a wave curled behind her.
After dropping into the groove, she felt as if she was flying. 
“You’re doing great,” Ian said after she paddled back out. 
“I’ve got a good teacher,” Kira answered. 
Ian splashed her then, and she splashed back, giggling. Being in the water was easy with him; he had a tranquil playfulness about him, but was also gentle and deep, just like the ocean. After a few more rides, the waves flattened out, and Kira floated on her belly atop the board. Ian rested his arms and chin on the front of the board, their faces inches apart. 
“So, surfer girl, you can surf. How’s it feel?”
“I don’t know. Amazing? No, not quite. Exhilarating? Like nothing else?” 
“That’s the truth.”
“But it’s more than that—” Kira said, vaguely recalling how for months she felt like she was drowning, and now she could ride the waves. 
“We have a word for it. It’s called stoke. You’ve got stoke. You’re stoked. Kira’s stoked!” he hooted for the world to hear. 
Kira called out, “I’m stoked.” She laughed and smiled. Then Kira’s eyes met Ian’s, warm and inviting. They leaned toward one another, questioning the value of the salt air gusting between them. Kira wondered if his lips were salty, what hers tasted like. Just a breath away, the waves started to pick up again, bringing in a set. 
Ian sniffed. “We shouldn’t. I’m sorry,” he said. The moment was lost. 
With confusion, Kira thought of Jamie, then worse, Jeremy. She remembered Ian was working, her teacher. She lined up to catch a wave, letting her thoughts go with the wind. 
Nonetheless, she was still stoked when she got out of the water, stoked when she returned to the shop, and super-stoked when Jamie got her alone in the back room again. Each time their lips touched, she felt breathlessly ravenous for him. Like she couldn’t get enough, like he’d never fill her up. 
“I want you so bad,” Jamie said, exploring every inch of Kira’s exposed skin with his lips until Lee hollered, needing assistance in the front. 
“Will you stick around?” Jamie asked. 
“I could grab a coffee and something to eat.”
After Kira finished her egg and cheese bagel sandwich, she lounged on the splintered and sea battered back deck off the shop. The sun shone against a nearly cloudless sky. She closed her eyes and listened to the waves whispering their ancient stories below. A chair pulled up beside her and opening her eyes, she expected it to be Jamie, but Ian sat there, his dimpled smile reminding her not to cross the line beyond friendship. It was in that, that she found strength, in his reliability, in being able to trust in the simplicity of being a friend, and not bringing complications into it.  
“Still stoked?” Ian asked. 
“Blissed out,” Kira said, picking up on the surfer lingo. 
“Awesome. I thought so. You did great; you’ve really come a long way since that first day—” he looked at her meaningfully, as if he knew, on a soul level, initially how hard it had been for her to get in the water. 
“Thanks. I couldn’t do it without you,” Kira said, an unexpected longing drawing her toward Ian, but she pushed against it. 
“Will you be back for another lesson?” he asked. 
Before she could answer, Jamie appeared and pulled up another chair, twisting it around and sitting on it backwards, his sunglasses hiding his blue eyes.
“Of course she’s going to be back.” Tossing his sunnies on the table, Jamie winked at her. Ian noticed and bristled. “I’ll put you on the sched for tomorrow. The waves’ll be firing in the morning. Building swell. Pretty rad.” 
An awkward pause passed. Kira had compartmentalized her relationship with the two of them, and therefore the way she acted around each of the guys was different. She wasn’t sure who to be when both lust and friendship joined her at the table. Thankfully, the bell to the front door jingled and Jamie stood up, slid his chair back into place, and confidently strode back into the shop.
 “Oh, here, got this for you, thought you might like it.” Ian handed Kira an Endless Summer DVD. On the front, it bore the iconic image she’d seen on a poster in the shop with two guys and their surfboards in bold shades of orange, yellow, and pink. “This is the epitome of stoke.”
“Thanks,” Kira said. “So, I guess tomorrow then.” 
“Looking forward to it,” he said, hesitating and then getting to his feet.
She didn’t want him to leave, a part of her wanted to sit there and talk, let them see where a languid day might take them. She turned to call his name, but Vanessa cut him off by the door, her ponytail bobbing as she talked animatedly. 
Kira lingered, letting the fresh sea air blow away her confusion. When she walked through the shop to leave, Jamie explained the difference between a single-fin and tri-fin board to a customer, but broke away when he saw her approaching.
“Busy today,” he said apologetically. “Tomorrow. I’ll make up for it tomorrow.” He discreetly tapped her butt and went back to business. A lump formed in her throat at his choice of words, reminding her of Jeremy, but she let the excitement that followed it run through her. Once outside, she put her hand to the phantom impression where his had touched her bum, and once again, warmth blazed between her legs.
As Kira traveled down the highway, dingy buildings replaced the grey-white shingled cottages of the seacoast. The short exchange on the deck with Ian and Jamie nagged at her. She couldn’t narrow it down to just one thing. Guilt? Uncertainty about how to act around both of them at the same time? Sexual feelings? Emotions? Vanessa? Money? 
Growing up, money was an off topic; there wasn’t much of it. At least on the surface, this was by choice in the hippie community. As Kira got older, she knew that what she wanted from her life wasn’t found cohabitating and living in commune, which meant sharing everything from her bread and butter to her soap and shower with a bunch of hairy hippies. 
She set her sights on a career goal, getting serious in thinking about her future. It was less a result of wanting to achieve a certain economic status, but more a desire for independence. 
The money from Jeremy would ensure, that at least for now, she could continue to live comfortably, keep her current job, and afford the mortgage. But it felt off, like it wasn’t really her money because she wasn’t really Jeremy’s wife. 
Later, sitting in the kitchen with her thoughts on repeat didn’t prove productive, so Kira went to the basement to retrieve a few boxes leftover from the move to pack up the items in his home office. 
She spotted a box of her own on the top of a shelf, labeled, “Kira-Photog.” A welcome glow of nostalgia brought a smile to her lips.
Upstairs again, she removed her old manual camera. In high school, she worked all summer on a farm picking fruit and vegetables to save up to buy it second hand. She put the viewfinder to her eye and adjusted the lens, transporting her back to her high school years when she’d taken an interest in photography. Kira mostly took shots for the school newspaper, but also enjoyed the artistic side of it. Her art teacher even entered several black and white photos she’d taken at homecoming into a contest, winning her first place. 
Once at Harvard, Kira continued her hobby until she met Jeremy, then it fell away. It was as if she wasn’t able to see life through that same lens anymore, her unique lens. 
She set the camera aside and poked through the box at a few prints of friends snapped laughing, a hemlock iced with snow, and her father, before he fell ill. Kira slid her finger along his figure, and a tear plopped onto the matte paper. 
When Kira went upstairs to pack up Jeremy’s things, her sobs of loss accompanied her. All of the items in the office spoke to her of him, the Jeremy she believed she knew, not the double-timing douche bag Nicole had taken to calling him. She fitted the remaining pieces of his life into the boxes like a jigsaw puzzle, one never to be completed. When gathering the last items from his desk, she gasped when she found a photo of Courtney tucked into files from work. 
Kira stared at the photo for a beat. Courtney wasn’t outstandingly beautiful or difficult on the eyes either. She sat frozen in time, just as Kira’s memory of Jeremy was, forever paused on that critical night, when she called him at the office. The laughter she heard in the background likely belonged to Courtney, not a janitor. 
Kira pulled a framed photo of Jeremy out of the newspaper she’d wrapped it in. She removed the backing and then fit Courtney in beside him. If Kira held it far enough away, it almost looked like the two images belonged together. She set this aside and finished packing up everything until all that remained in the room was the furniture. Kira reasoned she’d bring all the boxes to Jeremy’s parents, they could figure out what to do with the memories of their son. 
Later that night, Kira unearthed a pint of ice cream from the back of the freezer and did something she hadn’t done in a while; she watched a movie for entertainment. She slid The Endless Summer, into the player. 
The peeling waves, continuous sunshine, and the quest for the perfect session had her instantly hooked. Something about the pacing and tenor of the narrator and characters had her relaxed and dreaming of adventure. Kira dozed off to the soundtrack as the credits rolled and woke, refreshed, just before the sun came up. 

Chapter Seventeen

Kira quickly packed the boxes she’d brought down from Jeremy’s office in the Mercedes, grabbed her checkbook, and the photo of Jeremy and Courtney, along with her camera. 
After several trips, the road to the shore was familiar, and she arrived swiftly. Kira and Ian continued their usual routine of peacefully watching the waves as the sun appeared, in a pink-copper blaze.
Ian took a deep breath. “This is nice, being here with—” A car honked from behind and Kira startled. He looked at her meaningfully. For a flash, she envisioned him pulling her against his toned chest, wrapping his arms around her, and telling her everything was all right. 
A couple of his buddies thumped him on the shoulders. 
“Brah,” one of them said. 
Ian gave Kira a smile, dimples and all, took up his board, and padded across the sand. Just before tossing himself in the water, he looked over his shoulder at Kira, and then paddled out to the lineup. 
With a thrill of excitement, she vaulted over the cement wall to her car and grabbed her camera. She rushed toward the water and started clicking. When Ian caught a wave, she snapped him in the surfer’s crouch. She captured him with his arm outstretched behind him as his hand made an impression, like a trail, on the wave. She took others of him as still as stone, the surging water propelling him on. It felt good to see the world through her own lens again.
Before long, it was Kira’s lesson. She gleefully bounded into the water. They started with Ian pushing her into the waves and calling popup, just as they had been. 
After a few rides Ian said, “I have an idea.” 
Kira was as eager to hear what it was, as she was to be out in the water with him. He was tuned to comfort and ease; all Kira had to do was be in his proximity to receive the same signal. She’d never felt that way around a guy before. It was different from Jamie. With him, it was carnal, pure pleasure, a glorious feast for the senses, but Ian appealed to her in a different, more even-keeled way. Their fingers grazed, and then he steadied her on the board, his broad hand on her back. She felt an excited tingling, but it wasn’t urgent or self-conscious like the one she experienced with Jamie. It was playful, yet patient, honest, yet expansive. 
“And your idea is—”
“What if instead of pushing you into a wave, we begin working on you paddling into one on your own?”
It had crossed Kira’s mind that was something she wanted to do, eventually. However, she didn’t want to give up the connection they shared. Like using training wheels when learning to ride a bike, when he helped her into the wave, it felt like teamwork, companionship. She wasn’t sure she was ready to go it alone. 
“Not to worry, I’ll be right here with you. I’ll tell you when to paddle and when to popup; you just have to do the work. Sweating, toil, and labor are good, especially when it’s for a good cause. And I would say you, Kira, are definitely a good cause.” He smiled directly at her, their eyes, with wet lashes meeting, and smiling faces kissed by the sun. His eyes landed on her lips and hers on his. She let his bold and honest words settle over her like a blanket, snug and contented. But a wave, the board, and the invisible threshold of friendship stopped them. 
On the first try, Kira paddled, but the wave crashed over her. On the second try, she paddled, tried to get up, but the wave fizzled out beneath her. She sank off the back of it like an elevator slowly lowering to the ground floor. On the third try, she got to her feet, but did a backward flop into the water before she got her footing. Frustrated, Kira made her way out to where Ian waited. He had so much faith in her, and she'd failed.
“You look disappointed,” Ian said. 
“It’s just harder than I thought.”
“Most good things are,” he said, looking over his shoulder at the incoming wave after the words slipped out of his mouth. “Remember what I said about practice? Patience? We’ll try again,” he said with a steadiness that reminded Kira of how far she’d come. 
Again, she couldn’t get to her feet without the push Ian gave her board, thrusting her into the wave. Ian looked at Kira carefully and intently when she reached him. 
“What I think might be helpful, and correct me if you think I’m wrong, is to let go of trying to control your experience. Let the waves come to you, catch you, and pick you up. Just trust the ocean and trust yourself.” 
Kira sunk back into the water, letting her head slip under. Ian had a point. His words cut to the truth. This wasn’t something that she could do perfectly every time. Her ever-present Type-A mentality set her up for failure. Kira couldn’t control the ocean or each wave. Perhaps that was the gift the sea offered. Encouraged, she surfaced and got back on the board. 
	“Ok,” she said, determinedly angling herself into position. Ian smiled. Kira closed her eyes. She let the salt air wash through her. She felt the stiff board beneath her as she lay on her belly, and the wave undulating beneath it. She borrowed Ian’s grounding, yet fluid presence, steadying her breath. 
Kira tried and tried again. 
She found a still point in her mind and dropped into it. 
She failed and failed. 
Then with her awareness tucked into the ocean beneath her, she summoned courage and trust. She paddled, paddled, and popped up. That ride, the one she took without a push, with Ian’s belief in her ability, trusting that space of peace, made the burning muscles, tarnished pride, and sweat intermingling with droplets of water on her forehead worth it. 
Kira whooped loudly as she breezed across the cresting wave. When she deftly hopped off the board near shore, Ian ran through the water against the current, clapping and hooting. In her moment of triumph, he lifted her up out of the water and swung her around, her toes skimming the surface. 
“You did it!”
“I did it!” Ian set her down, and with her tethered board loose nearby and the waves breaking around them, they both lost their footing. Kira slipped forward in the water, still in Ian’s arms, laughing. They splashed into the shallows. He lay beneath her, his body hardly underwater and their legs in a tangle. 
Ian looked at Kira softly, his eyes smiling. “You are—” he started to say, but Vanessa’s shouting and flagging arms distracted Kira. 
“I think someone’s waiting for you.” 
He shook his head and sighed. “Guess so.” He emerged onto the sand heavily. 
With the lesson over, Kira practically skipped to the Boardroom as cheery and light as one of the droplets of water that dripped off her wetsuit. She had surfed. She’d really done it. She contemplated blowing off work the next day, but with one more week until her would-be honeymoon vacation, she thought better of it. She entertained scheduling an entire week of lessons with Ian instead of Paris. 
After Kira had taken off her wetsuit, and all that remained was her itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny bikini, Jamie wrapped his arms around her low back and pulled her hips into his. Lee busied himself with a rack of board shorts and the soundtrack to a surf video played on the TV in the otherwise quiet shop. Jamie lowered his lips to Kira’s and they disappeared into the back room. 
“What do you say you and I head back to my place?” he whispered into her ear between kisses.  
***
As Kira and Jamie lay in his sandy bed after having steamy sex, she quietly evaluated him like a scientist who’s discovered a rare specimen. His body stretched long beside her, with variants of blond and brown hair clinging to his skin. He dozed lightly, his breath slow and steady. He had one toned arm around Kira’s waist, and his bent knee rested on her leg. Jamie’s muscular physique and all-over tan, except for a patch of skin below his bellybutton, could pass for a bronze statue of museum quality. He had streaks of sun-bleached blond hair, an alluring accent, perfect teeth, bright blue eyes, and a propensity for knowing exactly where to touch her: the total package. Also, his package—she trembled, envisioning their bodies rocking together. 
In an alternate life, perhaps he was a person she would’ve passed Jeremy over for, had she known men like him existed, and hadn’t jumped at the first one who offered her the slightest bit of attention. 
Jamie seemed to be attracted to her too, but she also thought Jeremy was making her unsure whether to trust her judgment. But if she was honest, even early in their relationship he approached her as if she was a required class in college. They kissed, but it was so tame compared to Jamie’s leonine advances. 
When Jeremy finished in bed, he quickly took a shower and then went about his business. There was no warm cuddling, no absentmindedly kissing her belly, no telling her before, during, and after how hot she was. However, she never knew any different, she was a late bloomer. 
As Kira and Jamie tossed and turned. He’d called her a “vixen.” He brought things out in her she didn’t even know existed. It wasn’t the quick and tidy sex that she and Jeremy had. It was dirty and hot. She giggled. But Jeremy had been with so many women. Blain used the word fuck, which Kira understood the meaning of now. She and Jeremy had intercourse, not sex, not fucking, not making love. When she and Jamie pressed together, it was somewhere between sex and fucking. It was respectful and consensual, yet wild and juicy. 
Jamie let out a contented sigh and Kira chastised herself for bringing thoughts of Jeremy into the bed. Out, out, out, she silently chanted. 
Kira’s stomach growled, betraying hunger. 
Slowly, Jamie blinked open his sleepy eyes, they landed on her lips. “Hungry?” he asked, sliding his hand across her belly.
“I think so,” she said, laughing.
“I’m hungry for you, but I guess brunch?”
After a shower together and round two in the tiled bath, they walked down the street to a fish and chips shack, ordered, and found a picnic table; it was afternoon by the time they’d left the house on Dune Road. The sun couldn’t decide whether to come out from behind the clusters of clouds. 
Jamie filled Kira in on his childhood in Australia, learning to surf with his mates, riding for Team Australia, traveling the globe competing, lately leading tours, occasionally judging comps, and always seeking out top breaks. 
Kira tried to act natural out of the bed and in public with him, just as she did with Ian when they talked on the wall, in the shop, then played and surfed in the waves. Her experiences in the back room with Jamie and between the sheets prevented her from feeling completely comfortable being herself. 
She talked a little, but skipped over her failed marriage, which left her feeling like there wasn’t much else to say. She figured decorating and organizing would be mind-numbingly boring to someone as cool and adventurous as him. Agency projects and the suits she wore by the likes of Stella McCartney and Oscar de la Renta would be equally uninteresting, so what did that leave her with, she asked herself as she tried to come up with something. Still high from the super wave she caught earlier, she mentioned her upcoming time off from work.
“What do you think about a week’s long surfing intensive, lessons with Ian in the morning and afternoon?” 
Jamie pushed his sunglasses up onto his head. Kira couldn’t avoid thinking about how sexy he was. 
“I think that’s an idea, but I’ll be gone so that means no time with me afterward,” he said coyly. “Would you consider say,” he paused dramatically, letting the last word lengthen across his Australian tongue, “surfing in South Africa for a couple, with me?” 
Kira nearly choked on her lemonade. Jamie rubbed her leg under the table, tantalizingly close to the inside of her thigh. 
“I could arrange for there to be room for one more space on the trip.” He smiled at her. Jamie’s Aussie accent and bold confidence bowled over her self-doubt. 
“I’ll think about it,” Kira said demurely. With a rare flash of excitement, she promised herself she really would. 
Even though her long anticipated honeymoon ceased to be an option, she hadn’t cancelled the vacation time. A week of surf lessons was tempting, but the idea of moping around the house before and after lacked the same appeal that a trip to Africa with Jamie did. Suddenly, Kira had options to consider. Choices, unless bookended by a blueprint, weren’t her forte. She operated best with a single plan, well laid out, analyzed, and systematized. This sudden bushel of possibilities threw her off kilter. Jamie’s tempting smile pulled her back to him.
“Fair enough, but you have exactly two days to decide. Booking closes Tuesday night, and we leave next Sunday, a week from today.” He chewed on some ice, Kira thinking of how easily she melted into him. “Let’s go back to my place now and I’ll try to convince you.” 
“I’d love to, but I’m going to have to leave you wanting more. I’ll come up Tuesday after work with my answer.” 
He made a puppy dog face, his big blue eyes looking at her indulgently, sunglasses perched on his head, but then he assured her he’d be waiting.

Chapter Eighteen

Kira headed to the Annandale house, making it her second time arriving there unannounced. But she preferred it to an awkward conversation over the phone followed by nervous anticipation during the drive over.
She pulled in behind an Audi, a Cadillac, and a BMW, all parked lengthwise in the driveway, like a luxury car lot, each belonging to Jeremy’s brothers. Crap. Sunday family dinner. 
The SUV idled behind the BMW with a vanity plate that read, THE LAW. She considered turning back and dropping off the boxes another time, but didn’t want their emotional burden to carry into her week. At the last moment, she got up the courage to knock on the door instead of leaving them anonymously as she’d left the urn. 
Kira rang the bell of the palatial home, and waited with the first box in her hands. Jeremy’s petite mother, Beverly, opened the door, greeting her warmly, a contrast to their last interaction at the funeral.
“Hello, Kira, what do you have for us here?”
“I brought some of Jeremy’s things. I know we originally discussed I’d keep his ashes, but it became too difficult. I think he’s best at rest with his family,” Kira said, sparing her any further details. “Also these boxes contain memories of a Jeremy I didn’t know. I thought you’d like to hold onto them,” she said. This was closer to the truth, but Kira still avoided the molten pain at the core of it. She figured because of the hurt she endured, Jeremy’s mother would be better off with the version of the son he’d presented to her. 
The dark figure belonging to Jeremy’s brother, Paul, appeared behind his mother. 
“Hi Paul,” Kira said, quietly putting the box on the floor in the foyer. He ignored her, but followed to the Mercedes to retrieve another one.
“Bitch,” he spat, out of his mother’s earshot.
“What?” Kira whipped around. Her box knocked into the one he held, sending everything crashing to the ground, including the clutch of DVDs. Kira scrambled in the gravel gathering everything that had spilled.
“Blain told me all about you.” 
This bold statement confused Kira; surely, he didn’t mean the confrontation at the cafe. 
“He told me that you refused to sleep with Jeremy, and it forced him into the company of other women.” 
Kira’s jaw simultaneously dropped and tightened. Then she realized they must know about Courtney and all the other women, and acted to protect Jeremy’s memory or they just didn’t want to believe the truth.
Kira mustered an even tone and simply said, “I’m sorry Paul, you’ve been misinformed.” With the contents of the box back in order, she marched to the porch and then turned to leave. 
As Kira neared the Mercedes, footsteps crunched on the gravel behind her. She braced herself if Paul intended to continue the argument. She turned to see Jeremy’s mother, standing there with a sad look in her eyes. The door to the house slammed.
“Kira, dear, I’ve heard the unfortunate rumors circulating regarding you and Jeremy. I love my sons. I love Jeremy and their father, but there is something about the Annandale men. They have dalliances, indiscretions. After all these years, I’ve learned to live with it. Gerald has slowed down, as he’s gotten older. But I’d never wish that for you. I’m sorry I let it go so far.” 
Kira wanted to offer Beverly comfort at the confession, but then she realized Jeremy’s mother meant for her words to provide relief.  
“I was out with some of the ladies for dinner one night at a bistro in Boston. It had just opened. Each month we get together and try a new establishment. We ran into Jeremy on our way out. He was with a woman. It must have been nine p.m. or so. He said she was a client, but I know better than to believe a woman dressed like that would be a client.” She sighed. “I’m sorry dear. My boys are proud. They’re complicated. But I just want you to know that, well; you’re not alone with the truth.” She patted Kira’s arm then offered a perfunctory smile, and walked carefully back to the house. 
When Kira climbed into the Mercedes, she sat frozen with astonishment. Part of her still yearned for an apology or explanation from Jeremy, but she didn’t want it to be a requirement for her overcoming grief. The simple words, I’m sorry, were an impossibility, but in a quiet and private way, Beverly liberated Kira from the injustice of falsehoods and self-doubt. She didn’t expect vindication, but somehow through Beverly’s admission she no longer cared whether they believed the truth or not. Someone did and sometimes one person is all that’s needed. It made her feel like she had wings, buffering her as she prepared to enter the Hillsborough Recovery Center with a small package in hand. 
She paused in the doorway to Courtney’s room, second-guessing her decision. Then Kira cleared her throat and entered. Courtney gazed fixedly at a television Kira couldn’t see, but heard the disquieting argument from a daytime talk show. Courtney looked less pale and sickly, propped upright. She still wore the head brace, but the casts were shorter and as Kira neared, she noticed someone had painted her toenails. 
Courtney turned and looked at Kira with disdain.“What do you want?” 
Kira swallowed hard, but moved closer. Courtney didn’t look like she was in the mood to make it easy.
“I brought you something.” 
Courtney eyed Kira suspiciously, as she passed her the package. 
“It’s something I found when I cleared out Jeremy’s things. I thought you’d like to have it.” 
Courtney turned on Kira. “It must be so easy for you to just clear out his things, file him away as if he didn’t exist. Pack him up and lose the key. It isn’t so easy for all of us you know.” 
Kira’s eyes widened at the accusations. “Whatever Jeremy told you about me—if there’s anything you want to know, please ask, don’t assume. You can’t imagine what this has been like for me.”
“Nor you me,” Courtney said practically, spitting at Kira.
“I didn’t come here to upset you.”
“Then what did you come for?”
“That for starters,” Kira said, pointing to the package that she’d placed on the bed. 
Tears replaced Courtney’s scowl immediately after she opened it. She looked at the framed photo of herself and Jeremy. “What? Why did you—thank you,” she said. 
Kira let out a deep breath like a wave released smoothly to shore.
“I think you and I knew two very different versions of the same man, but I’m here,” Kira said, motioning to herself standing and able-bodied. “And you’re there,” she said, gesturing to the bed. “We have every reason to hate each other. But as one woman to another, one human being to another, and the fact that the third person involved, Jeremy, isn’t here to explain or defend himself or, or—anything, I think trying for some kind of peaceable closure is the best way to move on.” 
Kira surprised herself by sounding just like her father and his penchant for peace, love, and understanding, but she really meant it. “You and I could go on for the rest of our lives despising each other, but that just doesn’t feel right to me. Perhaps he loved you, but you weren’t the only woman he was with, and he and I were married. Nothing about it is logical or in my opinion right, but you and I lived, and I intend to keep on living. Any amount of hatred or anger on my part is going to keep me from doing that.” Kira looked at Courtney searchingly, hoping to see that she understood. 
“If we’re being honest with each other I have something to tell you.” Courtney eyed Kira as if she hadn’t quite convinced herself the conversation was the right thing to do. 
Just then, a stout nurse dressed in a garish shade of pink came to Courtney’s side and checked her over. 
“You ok? No sense in getting yourself all worked up. You rarely have visitors, tell me who’s this?” 
“This is, I’m sorry I forget your name,” she said to Kira. The nurse patted her arm soothingly like an elderly grandmother whose old age made the list of names she knew excusably long. Maybe it was the accident. 
Taken aback, Kira told them. 
“She’s, well, she knew Jeremy.” Courtney showed the nurse the photo. 
“Well, isn’t he a handsome one. I sure hope the baby looks just like his daddy.” 
A noise escaped from Kira, registering somewhere between shock and dismay. 
“I was just about to tell you. During one of my exams, the doctor discovered I’m pregnant. Baby boy. Jeremy Junior.” 
The room spun. Kira sucked air. She steadied herself and eventually found words, reading them as if from a script. 
“Courtney, congratulations.” 
The nurse stood to leave, tucking Courtney in. 
Kira mechanically withdrew her pen and checkbook, autopilot charting her in the direction of doing the right thing. “In that case, I have one more thing for you.” Her own voice sounded distant. Kira had already planned to give some money to Courtney if only because she’d endured so many injuries due to Jeremy’s negligence, but in that instant, Kira also wanted to give some of the money to Courtney for the baby. She wrote out a check, and handed it to her. 
“This is for the baby, for you to get started taking care of him. Jeremy would’ve wanted you to have it.” She also wrote down Beverly’s cell phone number. Kira’s eyes filled with tears. “She’ll be so deeply happy to know Jeremy Junior.” Kira knew this would bring a lifetime of joy to Mrs. Annandale. She’d always wanted grandchildren, and Kira thought the baby would somehow fill that place in her heart where she told herself she loved her husband and sons, but couldn’t do so fully with a mountain of dishonesty between them. A baby was pure, whole, and complete. Kira was also certain that Jeremy’s mother would take good care of Jeremy Jr., financially, even if the situation were unconventional.
When Kira left, she was pleased to see Courtney in a very different state than when she’d arrived; the venom dissolved and in its place, she saw a scared woman, but one given the gift of new life, a second chance. Kira hoped they’d never cross paths again, only because the wound Jeremy had caused required time to heal, and the news that Courtney carried his baby felt like another strike against it. Kira knew she’d done the right thing even though the moment she got in the car she let loose a despairing wail. 
She drove back to Lilac court, a blur of tears, obscuring the windshield like rain. Tired from surfing and the drama that unfolded in the afternoon at the Hillsborough Recovery Center, Kira fell into bed, and woke to the sun streaming through the opening in the curtains the next morning. 
Rushing to work, Kira stopped the tickertape of anger and sadness, which had ignited anew after her visit with Courtney. While waiting for the elevator, the morning news, on the flat screen in the lobby of the office building, ran an expose on Africa. Kira caught a shot of the savannah before the elevator dinged. The scenery reminded her of Jamie’s invitation. This intriguing possibility managed to drench the agonizing potency of Courtney, Jeremy, and their baby.  
At her desk, Kira stared at a stack of to-dos courtesy of Frank Brinkman. He wanted the most out of her, knowing that her last day would be Friday for two weeks. Instead, she Googled, “South Africa, travel.” She’d never considered going to the continent. Like the ocean, it seemed untamed and intimidating. But as she clicked through images of sparse landscapes, juxtaposing zebras and colorful birds, sweeping views of the sea, and the temptation of wine tours, Paris suddenly seemed impossibly remote, like a journey backwards in time. Buzzing with excitement about her decision, Kira jumped right into the pile of paperwork on her desk and only stopped when Alice poked her head in. 
“Yoga?”
Kira immersed herself in each pose to gain insurance against the guilt of changing plans and doing something unconventional and possibly fun. 
That night, she made lists of chores around the house and a packing list, silently thanking Nicole for the impromptu shopping trip; the clothes they picked out were perfect. 
Only when she retrieved her suitcase and a brochure from the B&B in Nantucket fluttered to the floor, did she mourn the loss of her honeymoon, of the potential for love, and her future. She cried herself to sleep as dreams of Paris and images of South Africa crammed her mind with uncertainty about having made the right choice.

Chapter Nineteen

The following night, Kira ventured to the shore to see Jamie. The familiar scene greeted her when she got to his beach house. People hung around the kitchen drinking beer, eating pizza, and chatting about surfing. 
Jamie greeted her with a wide grin as she slipped through to the living room where he sat with his laptop. 
“So what did you decide? Do I order you a plane ticket?”
“South Africa or bust,” Kira said giddily. 
“Alright!” he hooted. “Guess what guys; Kira’s coming to SA.” 
There was a chorus of sweet, cool, and gnarlies from undefined parts of the room. 
Kira swept to possibilities with Jamie in hotel rooms, hidden nooks, and stolen kisses. She imagined lazy mornings in bed with room service, hot tubs, and long walks on the beach. He interrupted her reverie when he motioned to his computer. 
“I just have to add you to the roster,” he said, making a flourish as he clicked through some lists adding her info. “And I need a deposit.” He looked at a page on the computer and asked, “Ok, do you want a standard room, ocean view, or deluxe?” 
“I’ll take deluxe,” Kira said, pleased with her decision and vivid imagination. 
“Ooh, high class. I bet the bed is pretty comfortable,” he said, squeezing her waist. After a few more questions about her preferences, Kira entered her credit card info. The grand total had fewer zeros than the check she’d given to Courtney, or the deposit for the entire trip to France for that matter; apparently, surfaris were affordable. 
After that, Jamie and Kira fell into making out, moving from the living room to the bedroom behind the hanging Mexican blanket. Very quickly, they undressed and moved closer together. Kira’s breath came in bursts, as they delighted in each other. Unbidden, she envisioned Jeremy and Courtney making a baby. She felt herself slipping away from the moment, but then Jamie did something with his hips, and she moaned in ecstasy, instantly returning to the pleasure at hand. 
When Kira emerged from Jamie’s bedroom around midnight, she was surprised to see Ian and a few others playing cards around the kitchen table, littered with munchies and beer cans. Kira felt herself blush, like a teenager caught doing something forbidden. She gave him a weak hello before vanishing outside. 
The rest of the week breezed by in a whirlwind of packing, preparing, and working. Kira managed to sneak away and pick up a new camera—a Canon Rebel with a 10-22mm lens and a water housing to protect it while taking surf shots. She wanted to capture every moment in Africa—on land and in the sea. 
On Friday, when Kira closed the office door behind her, she practically floated to her car on a cloud of excitement. Although she didn’t consider herself a proficient surfer, South Africa, one of the top surfing destinations in the world, would surely offer her ample opportunity to improve her skills. The trip also entailed the safari, hiking, excursions, snorkeling, Jamie, and hopefully, at least for her, liberal time away from reminders of Jeremy, namely the house on Lilac Court. 
Kira had the growing sensation that it was his house, or more precisely the place where he’d sequestered her. She considered moving back into the condominium in the city, but when she swung by earlier in the week she discovered a den of polyamorous deceit. Jeremy had a fully stocked bar, a collection of various underthings: bras, panties, garters, presumably left behind by his conquests, and other bachelor style accoutrements. Just when the wound showed signs of healing, it tore open again and left her feeling raw. 
She scheduled an appointment with a realtor for when she returned from South Africa to put it up for sale. One by one, Kira slowly eliminated another tie to Jeremy, hoping for closure. 
On Saturday morning, Kira hurried to the beach to get in one more surf lesson before her big trip abroad. When she arrived at the cement wall, the clouds overhead threatened rain. Ian’s wetsuit clad figure was noticeably absent. Disappointed, she looked to the waves that she wished to share with him. 
She climbed back in the Mercedes, protection against the whipping wind, hoping Ian would soon emerge from the surf. Seven a.m., then eight a.m., and he didn’t appear. At quarter past eight, she walked over to the Boardroom. Neither Ian nor Jamie were to be seen. Andy, the owner, an unassuming guy with eyeglasses and curly hair, stood behind the counter. 
“I have an 8:30 with Ian,” she told the freshly tanned stranger.
“Right. He should be along shortly. Have you surfed before?” 
She suddenly felt the place that had become so familiar to her, a refuge of sorts, shifting under her feet. She longed to hear Jamie’s baritone, Ian’s buoyant laughter, and see Lee skittering around, keeping busy. A sun kissed woman Kira didn’t recognize took orders at the café counter, presumably Andy’s girlfriend, also back from Mexico.  
While waiting for the usually punctual Ian, Kira browsed the racks of women’s clothing and picked out a few surfer girl clothes, including a hoodie to replace her Harvard crimson sweatshirt—stained with memories. She also selected a floor grazing skirt and striped tank to bring with her on the trip. She browsed the bathing suits, including a bunch of two-pieces in shiny metallics, but the smell of neoprene caught her attention. Kira bought a wetsuit in case she needed it overseas. 
After paying, she went out to the front of the shop to wait for Ian. As she settled on a bench, steaming coffee in hand, a Toyota Supra braked sharply in the lot. Ian emerged like a snail in the wrong shell, looking tired and forlorn. Vanessa, in the driver’s seat, pulled him roughly back for a kiss while looking directly at Kira. She recalled Jamie saying Vanessa had a thing for surfers, and her eye contact said, back off, he's mine. Kira looked away, thinking cattily about how she and Jamie were jetting off to South Africa. So there.  
As the Toyota peeled out of the parking lot, Ian gave a short nod before ducking into the shop. Kira recognized that there was something special about him. She liked Ian, a lot; she felt at ease when they were together and he believed in her at a time when she hardly recognized herself in the mirror. But Vanessa, the kiss, his curt nod, put an undefinable distance between them that made her wonder if they could still be friends. 
Kira recalled a hot debate held in her sorority, could girls be friends with guys without there being a suggestion of something more? Some argued that no, there was always underlying sexual tension. On the other hand, over the years, Kira had known women who appeared to be just friends with guys. She and Ian had become friends, but if Vanessa turned out to be possessive, she’d have to handle the situation carefully. Then there was that feeling she had when they were together. She couldn’t quite identify it, but she somehow felt full.
“Morning,” Ian said, quietly as he emerged from the shop wearing his wetsuit. He didn’t utter a word as they walked down to the beach. It felt strained and peculiar not to chat about whatever came to mind and then fall into comfortable silence. This was just silence, and it unnerved Kira. 
When they stood at the edge of the water, gazing out at the waves, Kira asked, “How are you?” 
“Fine,” he said stiffly.
“Tired?”
“Yeah.” He ran his hands over his face. 
“Anything on your mind, surfer to surfer?” She knew she wasn’t a true surfer just yet, just a kook in surfer parlance, a newbie, a beginner, but she wanted the happy-go-lucky, jolly, silly Ian she’d grown accustomed to spending time with. 
“Let’s get in,” he said. 
Kira started with her paddle, popup, and proceeded to get waves completely on her own. “Looks like you’ve worked yourself out of a job.” Kira laughed at her attempt to lighten the mood. 
“I can see that,” he said before a big rush of water washed over them. 
Kira bubbled up to the surface and as she smoothed her hair back, Ian came up with his eyes still closed. For a moment, instead of looking irritable, she saw sadness written in the lines at the corners of his eyes and his downturned lips. 
For the rest of their session, Ian offered dry instruction. His heart wasn’t in it. Kira thought sullenly how instead of a we out in the waves, a team, it felt like a him and a her. She’d never been lonely in the water until then. The steely clouds overhead underscored the mood. The waves became disorganized. After waiting for something ride-able in the silence that stood between them like a wall, Vanessa waved frantically from the shore. 
“So what’s up with her?” Kira asked candidly, and annoyed that Vanessa virtually cut in on her lesson, yet again.
Ian started to say something in reply, but Kira’s board tore loose from around her ankle. He went after it. She un-Velcroed the board-less leash and reeled it in. Ian rescued the longboard. 
“You were saying?” Kira asked, but again, Vanessa cut him short as she waded into the water to greet him, wearing a dangerously short sundress that whipped in the wind.
“Hey, baby,” she said, reaching for his neck. She leaned in for a kiss, but between the board, the waves, wind, and fluctuating sand, she pitched forward and fell into the water. 
“Oh gosh.” Kira bent down to help her, but Vanessa swatted her away.
“I’m fine,” she said, dripping wet, mascara running, clown-like, down her cheeks. 
Returning to the shop was awkward. Ian and Vanessa walked apart from Kira, but Vanessa hung onto his arm, pouting. 
“Thanks for the lesson,” Kira called. 
He offered a tight-lipped nod in reply.
There was no sign of Jamie at the Boardroom or at Dune Road. He didn’t answer his cell. Kira figured last minute planning and preparation had him busy. 
She hardly slept the night before departure, packing, repacking, and then reviewing her luggage and documents several times. She’d only told Alice, her sister, and Nicole exactly where she was going; and in turn, they each said her journey was bold, crazy, and an adventure of lifetime. 

Chapter Twenty

At the airport, Jamie greeted Kira with a big kiss when they met at the gate. “We’ll be meeting the others at the resort, but we’ll have to be a bit cool when we’re around the other travelers, if you know what I mean.” 
Kira understood, but his words dashed her visions of them making love under a canopy-net and sipping icy mixed drinks in a hammock. Too much Bachelorette, she chided herself as they waited in line. 
Once onboard the plane, Jamie relayed some stories from his last trip to South Africa and surfing the famed Jeffreys bay. 
“Daring,” Kira said. It was wild, rocky, and Jamie gave her the sense that spectating would be enough. After a while, they dozed. Kira woke to Jamie’s hands reaching under her shirt. “Getting frisky?” she asked sleepily. 
“Mmmhmm.” 
The two of them were the sole occupants in the seats. The dim cabin lights offered some privacy while a movie played. Jamie and Kira discretely made out. His hands worked their way under the waist of her jeans. He fumbled with the button and then the zipper, his fingers sliding onto her bare skin. He was as eager for her as ever; she set aside the doubts his comment about them being reserved around each other caused. As heat pulsed across her skin, Kira left the trappings of Lilac Court, everything it stood for behind, and entered bold new territory. The fleece blanket she spread over them concealed Jamie’s hands working on her and then hers on him. She held in the moans that longed to escape. 
All too soon, the plane descended. Jamie had arranged a rental to get them from the airport in Cape Town to the resort in Saint Francis Bay. Their last moments alone together were spent navigating abysmal traffic that opened up to breathtaking views, lush greenery, and something in the air that was uniquely African. 
The few times she and Jeremy traveled or took day trips, he’d liken the place they visited to somewhere familiar to him, which she supposed was a common thing to do, but the South African coast was like nothing she’d ever imagined. Maybe it was the light in the southern hemisphere, the dome of the blue sky, the smells of the earth as it cascaded in gentle greens right into the sea, or maybe it was just magic. 
Finally, they pulled up at the resort, a white stucco building with exposed wooden framework and large windows planted on a verdant hillock surrounded by stubby palms overlooking the ocean. Jamie gave Kira one last mega-kiss. 
Uniformed employees welcomed the pair as they entered the resort, with beautiful dark wooden floors, creamy, cushioned chairs, and couches where several people waited, their eyes glued to their electronics, while others looked out the window at the scenery, and one couple played cards. 
“Welcome to Big Break tours. I’m pumped that you’ve all made it from around the world, and I’m really excited to get to know you all,” Jamie said after everyone had gathered. 
As he went on with his greeting, Kira received the full blast of his enthusiasm. In addition to the affable surfer-dude hat he wore, he was like an ambassador. He greeted the guests like old friends, even though they’d never met, offering coffee, and tea, as if everyone arrived at his home and not a resort. He promised great waves and adventure. 
Shortly after, Kira received her key card, and a porter brought her bags up, no Jamie in sight. 
Waiting for her in the deluxe suite, a welcome basket contained a rash guard with the Big Break Tours logo, sunblock, chap stick, a few bottles of water, energy bars, and a friendly little note. After rinsing her face, reapplying her makeup, and changing for dinner, Kira listened for a knock on her door, but the rush of the surf was the only sound that broke the silence. 
She unpacked, hanging onto the possibility that Jamie would come up to her room to finish what they’d started on the plane. When the clock indicated it was time to meet in the dining room for the meal, Kira dutifully excused Jamie; the details of getting everyone settled in, arranging special needs, and moving forward with the plans for the tour itself was his job.  
When Kira went downstairs, she found him, beer in hand, whooping it up with some of the guests and employees while watching the end of a soccer match. The bamboo bar he stood in front of, topped with thick glass and backlit tastefully in yellow and green, looked more like pleasure and less like business. 
The tour group assembled around the long teak dinner table with Kira taking a seat near Jamie, but remembering his request to keep things cool around the guests, she wasn’t so close that she’d make things obvious. She also wanted to avoid temptation. 
The food passed around, family style, was fresh and delicious. Kira started with a micro greens salad, topped with pears, walnuts, and native goat cheese. Locally caught rainbow trout with fingerling potatoes, and green beans with pistachios and mint, followed as the entree. Everyone exchanged polite banter as they got to know one another, Jamie, with his booming voice, taking the helm. 
A Wall Street banker, named Baker, sat across from Kira, explaining he took a surf trip once a year to get his head straight. A young Canadian couple was on their honeymoon, which made her heart ache for longer than she wanted it to. Next to her sat, Nigel, a retired schoolteacher from England who surfed the same break since he was ten years old and decided it was time to see more of what the ocean had to offer. Down the table, Kira met three college-bound girls who seemed alternately interested in Jamie and themselves. 
Finally, Emanuela, a woman with a sibilant accent exclaimed, “I’m a professor and being an unconventional kind of gal, I decided it would be fun to see Africa from a surfboard.” Kira learned that very few of the guests were accomplished surfers, but were equally excited about hitting the water as they were seeing lions on safari. 
By the time Kira’s head landed on the pillow, in the four-poster bed surrounded by gauzy material, she had little hope Jamie would sneak into her room. He acted like a salesperson, only he wasn’t selling anything other than a good time. He became the great entertainer. Regretfully, this reminded her of Jeremy and his antics when in a crowd— always the ham, or rather, swine, Kira thought darkly. 
She woke up the next day, bleary, with jet lag throwing off her already irregular sleep-cycle. Along with the local newspaper, a crisp sheet of paper slipped under her door with the sunrise. She read the itinerary: 
Days 1-3: The resort and the beach (Surfing, hiking, kayaking—optional.)
Day 4-7: Travel day to the Karoo, the nature preserve, and safari. 
Day 8: Travel day back to the resort.
Days 9-11: Three more days at the resort and beach (with optional afternoon activities—TBA)
Day 12: Travel day back to the airport. 
That afternoon they were to spend time relaxing at the resort surfing, enjoying its amenities, and acclimating to the time difference. 
Kira wandered downstairs, hoping to run into Jamie. The smoothie bar at the yoga studio had broken down her defenses against consuming green extraterrestrial-like concoctions reminiscent of her commune days. With a nod to Alice, and her hippie heritage, Kira forwent her usual morning coffee in favor of the “Rise and Shine” juice bar. After taking a shot of each freshly pressed juice on offer, she selected the Green Machine, containing celery, apples, spinach, and mint. Because she was on vacation, she also indulged in a sampling of the fresh baked pastries to energize her for the hour and a half surf lesson. 
Once out on the water, Kira buddied up with the college professor, Emanuela. Although she’d surfed in her native Argentina, she was as much a novice as Kira. They each caught their fair share of waves as they cheered each other on. 
Never having seen Jamie properly surf, Kira watched him go farther out than the beginners, the lone man in the sea. He ripped it up charging the waves with hot fury, gliding, twisting, turning into cutbacks, and even catching air. She snapped loads of pictures of him in action, looking forward to drooling over them later. 
When he emerged from the water, carrying his short board under the crook of his arm, Kira wanted him even more, but Baker caught his attention, asking for some pro-tips. He acted casual around Kira, and for the most part, he focused his attention on the other guests. 
On the second day, Jamie and Kira ended up sitting together on the shuttle bus to the portage station for the kayaking trip. He offered information about the landscape and sights to the group as they drove upland to the drop off point. 
Kira felt small and insignificant, but then reminded herself it was his job, the guests didn’t pay him to throw himself at her. She laughed at the image of him, in his board shorts, waltzing into a boardroom and giving her a big smooch while she gave a presentation. 
Kira quickly got the hang of paddling the kayak. Almost level with the water, she had a similar view of the marine life and aquatic environment as when on the surfboard, but instead of having to focus on waves, she took in all the natural beauty as she glided through a lagoon and ventured into coves. 
As she rounded a rocky headland, a group of seals greeted her, lounging on the sea-battered rocks, a picture perfect moment. She whipped out her waterproofed camera, getting as close as she dared without disturbing them. Watching their sweet whiskers twitching in the sun, Kira felt free, unburdened, and could breathe deeply without the risk of tears. She snapped away, distinctly in her element.
On the third day, the group took a long and sweaty hike in one of South Africa’s diverse microclimates. They observed the native wildlife, and loads of dogs shepherded them on the paths as they followed the trails. One dappled male took a liking to Kira, nuzzling her for scratches behind the ears.
“Looks like you’ve got a new friend,” Jamie said. 
Just then, she wished for an old friend, Ian, and all the fun she knew they’d have together if he were there. Kira patted the dog’s head. “I’m going to call him Woody,” she said. For the rest of the hike he trotted happily by her side while Jamie caroused with the college-bound girls. 
That night, once back at the resort, Kira and Jamie finally stole a few moments together in her ultra-cushy, king-sized bed. 
“I saw someone angling for my territory earlier,” Jamie said flirtatiously. 
“Oh, yeah? Who?”
“Woody.” They both laughed. “I’m so sorry I haven’t been here sooner,” he apologized between kissing her neck, her shoulder, and her chest. 
She squeezed the tanned skin of his arms, feeling his tight muscles. “It’s been so hard to keep away from you,” she countered as her pulse quickened. 
They tossed off their remaining clothes. He moved in and out, Kira moaning and groaning in ecstasy. The air there turned them both on beyond what Kira had ever experienced. It was primal and seemingly endless as they rolled in the sheets, twisting them in sweaty tangles as the ocean breeze cooled their skin. 
“I needed that,” Jamie said as he moved onto the other side of the bed. 
“Glad I came along?” Kira said meaningfully. 
“Absolutely.” He clasped his hands behind his head, letting out a deep breath. “I’d better head back to my room soon. Still lots to do and you know—” He collected his clothing, gave Kira a peck, and exited as she deflated on the bed. 
Kira put her clothes back on and stepped out onto the deck. She wanted the sound of the rolling waves to distract her from a growing uneasiness. Each time a doubt-filled question popped into her mind, she reminded herself that Jamie was at work.
The next day, before sunrise, the group loaded into a bus headed for the Karoo. It was a day’s ride, but the distance was well worth it in hopes that they’d have great sightings, and photo-opps of native animals, the big five in particular: lions, leopards, elephants, rhino, and buffalo. 
As Kira watched the dusty scenery, dotted with scrub brush, and the sky overhead bigger and bluer than ever, she and Emanuela alternatingly chatted about their professional lives. 
“I hardly have time for anything else. Between work, family, home, I have all these commitments, some I don’t even remember making. I think of myself as laid back, but I recently had to pencil in sleep. That’s just wrong,” Emanuela said in accented English.  
And marriage Kira thought bitterly, letting memories of Jeremy get the better of her. 
She’d kept her policy of not discussing the matter with the new people she’d met, starting with Ian and Jamie. But sometimes it felt like there was nothing else to think about, no less talk about. An unsettled feeling accompanied thoughts of Ian. At her lessons, he didn’t seem thrilled by Vanessa’s presence, but the kiss she gave him made it appear they were together. 
Nevertheless, as the shuttle sped on, Ian, Vanessa, and everything else that transpired in the last few months seemed like a world away. Kira noted that she didn’t feel the same connection she’d shared with Jamie stateside, despite the night before. She set this aside as Emanuela filled her in with some of the highlights of other trips she’d taken: Thailand, New Zealand, and a cruise to Antarctica. Kira shared her dormant love for photography. 
“You are sure to get some good ones on safari,” Emanuela assured her. 
As the shuttle pulled into the lodge, it was noticeably more rustic, especially with its thatched roof. 
After leaving the commune, Kira swore that she’d never reside in questionable lodgings again. No camping, tents, yurts, lean-tos, or anything else made to resemble one of the houses occupied by the three little pigs. 
Once inside the lodge, the luxury accommodations were the opposite of roughing it. Glass enclosed seating areas opened to outdoor terraces wrapping around the building, offering abundant viewing spots for wildlife sightings. The central lobby combined an inviting and comfortable array of fieldstone, sitting areas, plants and natural elements, all reflecting the rich splendor of the outdoors. Kira had a spacious deluxe suite and a Jacuzzi in her room that she hoped to share with Jamie. 
After settling in, the tour group enjoyed yet another sumptuous meal. Afterward, a guide brought them on a sunset trek around the lodge to various benchmarks to spot animals in their habitats: mostly birds, small game and of course, monkeys. The guide also mentioned they sometimes spotted Jaguars. 
Kira and the other guests were all friendly with one another, except for the three high school grads on a gap year; the girls mostly kept to themselves with inside jokes, wandering off during tours, or wearing ear buds. 
As she let the fading sun warm her, Kira took a seat on one of the outdoor verandas. A wave of peace swept from her head to her toes, much like her first time out on the ocean. She felt like sunshine and fresh air washed through her. That special something about Africa seeped into her skin and lingered there, wordless and nameless, pure tranquility. 
The next day, the group spent the early morning at the lodge learning about the work the reserve did to help the animals safely proliferate. The reserve also helped neighboring communities, ensuring the availability of education and access to health care and food. 
Later that morning, Kira attended a workshop on the habits and habitats of big game. After a break for tea and scones, she followed up with another workshop. As Kira learned about migration patterns, rainy seasons, and the environmental impact of humans, she suddenly wondered why she went into advertising. 
Glimpsing Jamie talking to Amanda, one of the female guides who he’d said he knew for years, Kira wondered why she hadn’t become a pro-surfer or a field guide. She mused about how she could have been anything, even an intelligent adventurer like Emanuela. She’d never allowed herself so many possibilities. From early on, she envisioned her career as the ticket to happiness, not to mention security, but what sort of happiness. So far, her time in South Africa connected her to everything and everyone, except Jamie. She could still be anything; her turn wasn’t over yet. She smiled; maybe it had just begun. 
After lunch in the lodge, the group had the choice to explore the grounds or go on a bird watching hike with Amanda. Assembling in the central lobby, Kira flipped through a coffee table book while Jamie finished a hushed conversation with her across the room. He gave Amanda a lingering smile when she turned to the group. Kira watched, but he avoided her gaze.
“Welcome everyone, Jamie has told me you are all eager to become familiar with the spectacular wildlife here. Now that you’ve become acquainted with what you might see at our workshop, let’s go over some safety measures, and then take it outside.” 
The three girls slouched off to their room and the honeymooners went to do what couples do on a honeymoon. Emanuela proclaimed writing inspiration, and Baker said he needed a nap. That left Nigel, the retired schoolteacher, Jamie, Amanda, and Kira. She figured with the small group, surely she and Jamie would at least have some time for verbal foreplay. As they went outside, Amanda dominated his attention, like the two of them occupied their own little world. 
Amanda cursorily pointed out a few of the more obvious birds, but otherwise chatted with Jamie. By the time the lodge came back into view, the intimacy of the old friends catching up left Kira miffed, though she did get a few good photos of a cinnamon warbler and a weaverbird. As intrusive questions about Jamie and Amanda tugged at her, she longed to be as free as the birds circling overhead. 

Chapter Twenty-One

Early the next morning, they departed for safari while the air was still cool and the sky dark cobalt. The driver deftly navigated, in the near darkness, as the tracker sat shotgun—seeing, smelling, and hearing things invisible to the rest of the party. 
Back home, before Jeremy’s death tossed up Kira’s sleeping habits, she experienced life within a tidy framework of time. She woke up after sunrise and the sunset amounted to nothing more than a nuisance as she rushed west, home from work, all the while pounding on the horn to upset traffic into moving. Now she compared the sunrise coming up in central South Africa to the one she admired over the Atlantic as the brilliant star bathed the earth in a spectrum of oranges and yellows. 
Kira hardly caught Jamie’s eye all morning, except when she answered a question about the behaviors of lions. The memory of the night at the resort still lingered fresh in her mind. She felt herself wanting Jamie when she caught sight of his particular smile with his upper lip arched to one side, the way his jeans hung off his hips when he helped everyone into the Land Rover, the way his fingers closed over the binoculars, and his jaw set intently trying to spot the source of far-off movement. Kira was certain her quickened pulse was audible as each of these private thoughts matched ones of her and Jamie, naked and rapturous. 
At the lodge, the guest rooms spanned a wide area so there was little chance anyone would notice one of them sneaking in or out of the other’s room. Kira doubted any of the guests would think twice about someone with Jamie, namely her, though she knew from the way the college-bound trio looked at him, they’d love to take some private lessons, surf or otherwise. 
As the sun shimmered up high over the broad plains, the landscape took shape, extending in all directions, unobstructed, straight to the horizon. The disorienting stripes of a herd of zebra wavered like a mirage in the distance. As they approached, giraffe and springbok also grazed. 
Kira snapped photos nonstop when she suddenly had the urge to come out from behind the camera for the experience. The tracker and driver communicated in a non-verbal language of gestures and nods. Before Kira knew it, they drove through bramble and came into an open area that dipped down toward a watering hole. A herd of elephants came into view. 
Back on the commune, during Kira’s childhood, there was often talk of spirit animals. Her mother called upon a bald eagle when she needed guidance. As the symbol for freedom, she took it to mean deserting, flying away. Then she actually left, free as a bird. These dark thoughts prickled Kira like the barbs on the nearby thorn bush. 
Maybe for that reason or her pragmatism, she’d dismissed the spirit animal idea. She didn’t understand the concept until her eyes rested upon the elephants on that African plain. Even from a distance, they pulled on her heart. They were so solid, so sure. She loved them instantly. Ideas about rescuing elephants and saving them raced through her mind in a manic loop reminiscent of her childhood wishes to save the planet. When a mid-sized female lifted her tree-trunk sized leg and then another, walking toward the Land Rover, Kira’s mind quietly settled. The grey canvas of her broad side wrinkled as she moved, her long trunk rising as if in greeting, and her enormous ears flapping in the breeze she created. 
Kira studied the elephant as one would a new baby, with love and reverence. The driver slowly backed up, giving the mammoth female the right of way, but before he did, Kira took one perfect photo of her. She believed her heart would always remember, but she wanted the visual reminder just in case. 
After stopping for a picnic lunch at an appointed spot, the tour group viewed several lions lazing in the long grass. Kira was back behind the viewfinder of her camera taking spectacular shots, all the while amused by how much the creatures, with their great manes, reminded her of Jamie. 
He chatted with her about as intimately as he did with Baker or Nigel, but again she told herself it was business. On the return trip to the lodge, Kira snagged the seat next to Jamie. He offered her, along with two of the three girls who crowded close, commentary on the natural flora of the area. 
After dinner at the lodge, everyone retired to their rooms, sleepy from the early morning trip and because the following night would be a late one, with a drumming circle and a visit from a traditional healer. There was no sign of Jamie after they got back, so Kira settled into the Jacuzzi, with a glass of white wine in hand—chasing away doleful thoughts of similar nights spent alone.  
The next morning, the group departed on an excursion to a winery just west of the preserve. 
Jamie’s good mood bolstered the group. “We have Amanda along today as a supplementary guide. She knows the winery owners,” Jamie said with a smirk in Amanda’s direction. He joined her in the front, occasionally pointing out landmarks to the rest of the group, but mostly talking closely with Amanda—which when given the opportunity, most of the men in the group did. She was stunning: tall, had silky, coffee colored skin, perfect posture, and a dazzling smile.
A white washed Cape Dutch-style building housed the winery with beautiful grapevines trailing around the grounds set against emerald green grass. The building also contained a store with local crafts, an elegant wine tasting area, and a restaurant where everyone consumed a mostly liquid lunch. 
Kira tasted several spectacular reds before buying one to share with Jamie, hopefully by candle light in the Jacuzzi. She wouldn’t mind splitting the bottle while in the infinity pool back at the resort in St. Francis Bay either. Kira convinced herself Jamie didn’t have anything to worry about if one of the tour members saw them getting cozy. She hiccupped. The wine tossed off her inhibitions, and she fantasized about the two of them in the bed under the moonlight. 
Jamie had disappeared from the group of mingling guests, along with Amanda, but when Kira returned from the ladies room, she spotted him coming inside. He looked disheveled. 
“Where’ve you been?” she asked, hoping they could find a quiet corner. 
“Left my sunnies on the bus,” he said. 
Just then, Amanda came in. 
“Found ‘em,” Jamie said. 
Amanda gave a confused smile. 
Kira couldn’t say more because Baker beckoned Jamie for his opinion on a Shiraz.  
Laughter filled the return trip to the lodge, everyone having tried more than one sample of each of the varietals. With Baker on a roll telling a hilarious account of a trip to Bali involving monkeys, Kira spotted Amanda and Jamie sitting comfortably close in the seat ahead of her. Their arms touched and their heads inclined toward one another intimately. 
Fueled by aged grapes and Jeremy associations, Kira called Jamie’s name. But just then, Emanuela drew her attention back into the conversation. Before she knew it, the shuttle bus turned onto the dirt road that led back to the preserve. 
As they disembarked, Amanda asked for the group’s attention. “This evening we will have a very special guest, a native healer who will be accompanied by a group of local drummers. We’d like to have you assembled when they arrive. Let’s meet by the east exit at eight o’clock.” She and Jamie dashed off toward the employee entrance to the lodge, and the rest of the group herded toward the main doors. 
Anxiety that Jamie and Amanda were more than old friends, edged into Kira’s mind. She wavered from one possibility to another, littered with snippets of Jeremy’s email exchanges and texts with other women. 
Kira slouched to her suite nearly ready to cry. Instead of sobbing on the bed, she took a seat on the deck overlooking the umber landscape of the Karoo in the fading sunlight. The few times she felt herself emotionally derailed on the trip, nature repeatedly set her back on course. 
Promptly at eight, they gathered at the appointed entrance, but Jamie and Amanda were still absent. Emanuela, a natural leader, went outside to determine where they were supposed to meet the healer and drummers. Sure enough, she found an outdoor entertainment area and the group made themselves comfortable awaiting their arrival. 
After a short time, several African men, followed by some teenagers and a small woman dressed in a vibrant ikat dress in teal and marigold, filed into the space. They took their places upon the earth and arranged drums of various sizes. As they did so, Kira wandered back in time to drum circles from the commune, dread-locked hippies in loose fitting pants, pounding their hearts out as the moon rose and set. At the time, Kira thought they were foolish, trying to channel something that wasn’t theirs. But as the first drumbeats sounded from the circle around her, and began to move down through the ground, up to the sky, and then vibrate through her, Kira’s opinion shifted. Just as she’d discovered the waves of the ocean were like the breath of the earth, so too the drumming felt like the great heartbeat of the world. 
Kira closed her eyes, the rhythmic beats entered her heart, and she attuned her breath to the hum of her physical memory of the ocean’s ebb and flow. Behind her eyes a slideshow of images appeared. First, her childhood, her self-absorbed parents, and homeschooling, which left Kira and Winter to roam around the commune day after day. Then, when she finally went to school, memories of shame flushed through her when the school bus left her off at the commune and kids insulted her by kids hollering, "Hippie." She was unsure who to turn her back on, her parents for making her an outcast or the kids for harassing her. An image of her father, sallow, and bone thin, her mother crying herself to sleep every night and then one morning just gone, only a hastily written note in her wake. Her sister shrinking from her, and Kira from her sister as they each left, first Winter and then Kira, for college. 
Then she watched herself march far away from her parent’s burned out lifestyle, along with her spirit of freedom and curiosity, and right into Jeremy’s arms; the arms of a cheater and a liar. There were images of her feeling disappointed and knowing, but ignoring, her intuition’s plea telling her something was askew in their relationship. Images of Kira helplessly sobbing in the bed, lamenting the loss of her marriage and betrayal, flashed before her. 
Then she had a vision of herself at four, running in the sand, a kite in her hand and laughing. Her parents sat on a blanket smiling broadly, and her sister built a castle in the sand. It felt like an untainted vision, a pure moment; one filled with love and freedom swirling in the air. Kira wanted to linger there to find out what steps to take in order to get that feeling back. But the image shifted to her in the present, surfing along a peeling blue wave. 
It was all like an echo, but Kira lamented the loss or careful concealment of her spirit—that special something that went hidden under parental directives, expectations, and self-doubt. It was as if the drumbeat tapping in the background drew all Kira’s sorrows to the surface. As soon as she had that thought, the scene behind her eyes darkened, and the timbre of the drumming changed. 
Kira blinked open her eyes, her gaze landing on the healer. Her were eyes closed, and written in the creases along the sides of her face was deep knowing. Delicate lines ran along her forehead and around her eyes and mouth like each one could answer a question if Kira knew what to ask. She watched as the drummers chanted, each one taking up the sound in turn. After a round, they said the unfamiliar words in unison. 
Kira’s eyes closed and the stream of memories and worries, of fears and doubts, resentment and anger, all flowed out of her, on the breeze, and into the ocean, miles away. 
Kira’s eyes opened again when the chanting stopped and the drumming slowed. An easy rhythm took form, one that felt like sleep. The healer’s eyes remained closed and her expression of peace radiated into Kira, like a warm bath. Deep bliss enveloped her skin, then her muscles, right down to her bones, warming her core. Kira’s eyes closed once more, as she absorbed the feeling. Kira traced it in her memory. As she did so, the drumming went quiet. Kira blinked open her eyes. 
The healer, wearing the ikat dress, was gone. In her place, a bunch of golden flowers tied together with a teal string rested lightly upon the earth. 
As the group drifted indoors, the bright light seemed out of place and disruptive to the serene and introspective mood that had descended upon them. Jamie bounded into the room, greeting everyone boisterously, but it didn’t match the tranquility cultivated in the drum circle. 
Up until that moment, every time Jamie walked into a room Kira became excited and single-mindedly impetuous. However, this time she didn’t feel the intense longing to kiss and lay with him. She wanted a long walk and laughter. She wanted someone to talk with, to share everything about herself with, the good, the bad, and the funny. She wanted a tender touch, an embrace, and to make love.
Without offering Jamie her attention, Kira escaped to her room and sat by the window, letting the breeze continue to comfort her. But his sudden lack of interest left her unsettled. She decided it was time they talked about where she stood. Although they hadn’t established whether they were boyfriend and girlfriend, their mutual attraction was undeniable. The invitation to South Africa and now the mixed messages, and hardly talking since they arrived had her confused, especially when Jamie suddenly orbited around Amanda. 
When Kira knocked on his door, moaning escaped, and she quietly pushed it open. The scene of tanned legs intertwined with white sheets filled Kira with months’ worth of rage and all the pain Jeremy caused had her. But in the pause of a single breath, she let the sting of anger stream out to the faraway sea, just like in the drum circle. Kira slowly shook her head as Jamie startled.
 “Kira, I’m sorry, I—” he stumbled over words of apology, his naked body flailing in the low light as he jumped out of bed. He tried to grab the sheet to cover up, while Amanda tugged on the other side to cover herself. He sputtered as he tripped and fell over the edge of a table. 
Standing naked, he looked like the surfer version of a Greek God, but unfortunately, his sexual appetite matched the men of myths. 
Amanda looked on wide-eyed. “What? I don’t underst—” she started to say.
“I should have known,” Kira said, interrupting. Part of her wanted to cry, another part scream, but then there was that backdrop of peace. “I came here to talk to you about us, but I suppose this,” Kira said, pointing to the bed, “answers my question.” 
“We’re just old friends, it doesn’t mean anything,” he began to say. 
Tugging forcefully on the sheet and taking it with her, Amanda looked for her clothing. “Well in that case, Jamie,” Amanda hollered, “I will be leaving.”
“Wait, Amanda, we weren’t done,” he called after her as she brushed by Kira in the doorway. 
“You seriously just said that? Wow. Nerve, Jamie. Nerve. It’s just about you, huh?” Kira said, turning to leave. He’d made it clear enough where they stood.
“Wait, don’t go, can we talk?” Jamie took hold of Kira’s arm.
“You’re naked,” she said plainly. 
“I am.”
“And right now I can see you and me for what it was. It was great, better than great. It was, and you can quote me on this, the best sex I’ve have ever had. But it was just sex. I don’t know what else I wanted it to be, but I’ve been in a relationship devoid of sex, where my husband sought it elsewhere, and then with you where it was just sex. I think someday I’d like a balance of both, to have my cake and eat it too. That’s not going to be with you, so in fact, thank you for helping me clear up that little mystery.” Kira huffed, catching her breath, while Jamie looked on sheepishly. 
“Right now, I feel a bit cheap for just being one of your tokens, a bit of a chump for not realizing this sooner, but ultimately really glad I’ve got this sorted out. I know what I want. I know what I deserve. It’s not you. So thank you,” Kira said, storming off, leaving him standing starkly in the doorway. 

Part 3: The Sea
"Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: "I'm with you kid. Let's go."
- Maya Angelou


Chapter Twenty-Two

The ride back to the coast was quiet, everyone still under the enchantment of the Karoo. The return stay at the resort involved surfing in the morning, with optional afternoon activities including a trip to another surf break, a tour of several nearby towns and beaches, and a daytrip to Cape Town to ascend Table Mountain by cable car. Although Kira truly wanted to see the nearby sites, she was ambivalent about spending a day in Jamie’s presence. 
Getting back in the water on her board felt like taking a shower after one of the weeklong camping trips of her youth. The refreshing combination of the drum circle and the ocean washed away the residue of feelings for Jamie. He displayed a certain caution around Kira as if she were one of the mysterious, yet dangerous leopards they glimpsed at the reserve. 
The group visited a new surf break, and Kira caught more waves than she missed. Far across the Atlantic, Ian’s voice echoed instruction as she popped up, her rented board coasting through the water. Kira felt independent, yet very much part of something far bigger than her microscopic speck that dotted the vast water’s surface. Ocean size. 
That night, Kira, Baker, Emanuela, and the newlyweds met up to go to a club the girls heard about. They hired a couple cabs that brought them along the wind-brushed coast to Jeffreys Bay where the backpacking crowd and young surfers made for a livelier atmosphere than the sleepy resort area. 
The group entered a dimly lit bar with a cover band playing on a small stage in the back. The room was half-full, but after Kira had downed her first mojito, the revelers doubled. Groups and pairs made their way toward the stage to dance. 
The three college girls broke off with a few young men and dirty danced with drinks in hand, gyrating in the crowd. Emanuela, ready to get her groove on, asked Baker onto the dance floor. Meanwhile, the honeymooners disappeared to the bathroom. Kira sat, alone, working on her second drink, when a guy with white-blond hair, held back by black sunglasses, approached her. 
“What’s a pretty girl like you sitting here all alone with a nearly empty drink?” he asked boldly. 
“I’m in mourning,” she said dismissively. The setting brought her mood down, feeling alien amidst the loud music, flashing lights, and drunken laughter. Melancholy was more familiar and the alcohol tricked her into thinking it was preferred. Despite the peace of the drum circle and the clarity after her confrontation with Jamie, she couldn’t find her footing. 
Shortly after, the honeymooners, rosy cheeked, swept past her, and into the crowd. A surfer dude, small, wiry, and with a shaved head approached Kira. He asked if she wanted to dance, but yet again, she declined. She ordered another drink and made her way, alone, to the dance floor, turning down several more offers.
“Right now, I’d rather dance with myself and trust, me, you’re better off that way,” she said to an eager guy who looked like he’d just graduated high school. Finishing her third mojito, Kira popped a groove, like she hadn’t done since her sorority days. She let loose, forgetting sadness, loss, and everything else as she sang along to songs she didn’t realize she knew. All the while, her arms and legs, hips and head, moved in time to the music. 
Beyond buzzed, Baker and Emanuela corralled her into a cab after midnight. Once back at the resort, Emanuela offered to walk her to her room. 
“I’m going to go listen to the waves,” Kira said, angling toward the beach. 
“Promise not to go in,” Emanuela called after her, amiably linking her arm in Baker’s. 
Kira shuffled down to the water’s edge and plopped into the sand, the waves eventually drowning the pumping music from the club that still played in her ears. She leaned back, the sand’s cool texture bringing her relief from tension and sweat. She lay there, nodding off, thoughts of Jeremy, Jamie, and Ian swirling nonsensically in her mind until water tickled her toes as the tide came in. Reluctantly, she returned to her room and passed out. 
Despite Jamie and a hangover, on the second day she signed up for the trip to Cape Town, unsure when in her life she’d ever make it to Africa again. First, they stopped at a marine park, where boardwalk paths brought the group through a coastal forest that opened to beautiful corduroy dunes speckled with succulent plant life. In the bay, the group spotted seals, leatherback turtles, and penguins. 
Jamie’s booming voice, though well meaning, distracted Kira from enjoying the surroundings. By now, the college threesome hung on his every word. He didn’t hold back enjoying their attention, having discarded the guise that he was “working.” 
“What you see here is the Jackass Penguin,” he said, meaning to conjure a chuckle, but Kira doubled over and nearly rolled on the ground she laughed so hard. Perhaps out of context her laughter was inappropriate, but Jamie was the jackass. It struck her as hilarious. She calmed down after Nigel looked at her with concern.
Once Kira reached the top of Table Mountain, she took in a 360-degree view of mountains, the ocean, and the city. Her attitude shifted at the sight of the expanse. Jamie blustered on about points of interest, but in that grandeur, where ocean met sky and sandstone, she viewed him differently. He was no longer a hot body she wanted to sleep with, not a handsome face whose attention she wanted, not a man with an alluring accent, and not a jackass either, well, maybe just a little. He was just a person trying to make it in the world the best way he knew how. He and Kira were a flash of passion, but no substance, and she was okay with that. That kind of untroubled and wild energy brought her back to life. He wasn’t a bad person; his judgment was off, but he wasn’t the second coming of Jeremy either, as she’d feared. She’d made her own error in judgment as her stories overlapped and scrambled. If it were not for Jamie, she wouldn’t be in Africa, and she couldn’t think of a place she’d rather be. 
Emanuela sidled up to her. “I can see what you’re looking at, but what are you thinking?” 
Kira let out a little laugh. “Was it that obvious that I was deep in thought?”
“You’ve been deep in thought for a week now.” Emanuela smiled knowingly. “Maybe not last night, but we all need time off now and then.” 
Kira paused before answering as she measured how much she wanted to share with Emanuela. “This trip for me was a spur of the moment decision, but one of the best I’ve ever made. Maybe the only one I’ve ever made, I am after all, or at least I thought I was, a ‘planner.’ You know the date book, the PDA, the iPad. In fact, I was supposed to go to France, a trip I’d been prepping for nearly a year. I had the hotels selected, restaurants reviewed, every moment of the stay accounted for, but instead I flew by the seat of my pants and ended up here.”
“And—” she said, encouraging Kira to go on.
“And I feel like the unexpected has helped me remember parts of myself that I’d forgotten, and I’ve learned new things about who I am. The girl I was last year wouldn’t recognize me.” 
Emanuela smiled widely at Kira, her chandelier earrings tinkling like tiny bells. Emanuela placed her arm around Kira’s shoulders, as the two women looked out across the vista. 
“Sometimes we find our selves in the most unexpected places,” she said meaningfully. 
After that, Kira toured some of the paths all those meters above sea level. Her mind quiet to thoughts and revelation, she simply observed the way the wind licked a sturdy protea plant, the golden glory of fynbos growing in clusters, and a dassie sunbathing on a rock.  
Although Kira captured her amazing surroundings with her camera, and thrilled at the idea of looking at the world through her own lens once again, she was ready to get back in the water. The ocean below called up to her with its deep, blue sheet of rolling movement, of potential, and promise of independence. 
Kira spent the last day of the tour almost entirely in the water. She took a morning lesson with an instructor who’d surfed the coast for over twenty years. Then Emanuela, a few of the other guests, and Kira all surfed together—party wave style. They laughed and splashed, and Kira recalled the last time she’d had that much fun was out with Ian. She pictured his warm smiling face, his rarely shaved scruff with dimples hidden beneath, and the ease with which he moved from land to sea.
When the time came to go in and change for the tour of some of the local villages, Kira opted to stay, one foot in the water and one in the sand. She lounged on a chaise, had lunch brought out to her, surfed, sunned, and then surfed some more. The beach was hers with the exception of a few passersby walking their dogs along with the scavenging seagulls. She didn’t feel in danger of crumbling and falling to pieces, she didn’t feel lonely or lost. Kira wasn’t weepy. This was a major accomplishment. She felt like herself: whole, strong, and solid. 
After catching great waves, Kira sat on her board, just before her last ride in. The setting sun sparkled like glittering diamonds on the water’s surface. She let out a deep breath. Then something moved underwater, a distance away, something big. A fin emerged. Kira stopped breathing. She started to paddle, smoothly, toward the shore, hoping a wave would hurry her progress. She looked over her shoulder in a panic. Then to her relief, a pod of dolphins surfaced. In bursts, they leapt through the waves with arched and glistening beauty. Breathing again, Kira stopped and watched, feeling safe and protected.
That evening, all the guests gathered for a final celebration dinner. One of the college girls also had a birthday and Kira imagined Jamie offering to give the cute girl a special present. Maybe a kiss, maybe more, she thought darkly. When everyone settled, he stood to give a toast.
“Thank you all for joining me on this adventure. It’s been quite the experience, and I gather you have all enjoyed yourselves. It’s been a pleasure getting to know you all.” His eyes lingered on Kira for a moment. 
She would not let him lure her to the suite. 
“I hope we cross paths again. I lead several tours a year, next stop, my home, Australia, and then Hawaii. I’ll be back in the states for a while after that.” He paused and raised his glass. “In Zulu the word for both cheers and thanks is Akybekuhle. So Akybekuhle to all of you.” 
Glasses clinked and chatter resumed as the resort kitchen served another amazing, yet healthy meal. Surprisingly reserved, Jamie remained relatively quiet, maybe coming down from the high of being the guide, always being on, or maybe one of the girls, perhaps all three of them, tired him out. Kira tasted bitterness and it wasn’t the arugula in the salad. She tried to recall the peace she’d periodically felt during the trip, but seated just a few places down from Jamie blistered her with agitation. She reasoned that she needed closure. Nicole had been right, even though meeting all those women Jeremy had courted was brutal, in many ways it provided her with a sense of finality. Then again, she probably wouldn’t see Jamie after the trip anyway. 
Nonetheless, Kira went to the lobby desk and arranged for a taxi to bring her to the airport first thing the next morning. Originally, she and Jamie planned to ride back together in a rental, but several hours in a car together would be as pleasant as the mosquitos that feasted on her during the hike the week before. She and Jamie also had adjacent seats on the plane ride back and she hoped to spare them both the discomfort of the long return trip by arriving early at the airport to get their seating arrangements changed. 
After a lingering farewell to all the guests, Kira retired to her deluxe room and sank back on the bed. To minimize the jet lag on the return home, she started to get ready for an early night, but the crashing waves outside the French doors called to her with the invitation to wash away any lingering doubt. 

Chapter Twenty-Three

Kira padded out to the deck adjacent to her room. She watched the white crests of the waves, bright in the moonlight, crashing against invisible rocks hidden in the darkness on the shore. Shortly after, someone knocked on the door. Kira went to check in case it had to do with her departure. 
Jamie filled the doorway, his head resting heavily on the frame. Despite logic, Kira’s stomach flitted with a vision of him shirtless and pulling Kira to his chest. But her frustration and disappointment with him quickly squashed the fantasy. 
“Hey,” he said softly.
“Hi,” Kira replied, not letting him in the suite.
“I want to talk. Really. Just talk.” 
Taken aback, Kira relented and let him enter, but led him through to the deck—a neutral playing field, if they were just going to talk. No bedroom temptations or suggestions; knowing him that was what he’d come for. 
They sat on the polished teak chairs with Jamie breaking the awkward silence. “Listen, I’d like to brush off the thing—back in the Karoo—and say I didn’t mean to hurt you. Or that it hadn’t occurred to me that if I slept with Amanda you’d get upset. But it did cross my mind, and I’m sorry to say that the decision to do what was right didn’t win against my desires.” 
Kira silently commended him for having at least a little depth in the shallows of his male libido. But she still simmered. 
“I’m the guy that doesn’t stay in one place for more than a few weeks. Who blows in on a wave, has a good time, and then I'm gone. No consequences, no messes to clean up, no commitments. That’s what works for me. Or in this case doesn’t work,” he said ruefully. 
Leaning back, Kira looked out toward the sea, carefully considering his words. “Jamie, it stung, but it didn’t hurt as much as you might think. We weren’t boyfriend and girlfriend. We were a fling. We were having fun. We were me getting over something so ugly I wouldn’t wish it on you or Amanda. I think I’m going to be okay.” Kira let these words settle over them. “But thank you,” she said, following up. 
Jamie looked at her with surprise. 
“Thank you for the good time,” she said with a smirk. “And thank you for inviting me here, to Africa. It wasn’t what I expected, but it was just what I needed. Thank you for having the balls to come to me and say what you did. I sort of thought you’d be getting busy with one of those college girls.”
“I can’t say I hadn’t thought about it.” 
Kira shook her head at him in disbelief. 
“But tonight, when I was offering the toast, something didn’t feel right. I looked at you, and I felt off. You worked your sorcery on me, witchy woman.” 
Kira laughed. “Me? Witchy woman? Ha!” 
“Yeah, when we first met all I thought was, hey smexy—” 
“What?”
“Smart and sexy.”
“Keep going…” Kira said, accepting the flattery, even though that expression was new to her.
“But you’re deep like the ocean. When I look at you I still think smart, hot…sex—?”
“Hey, wait a minute, if you’re here thinking you and I are going to end up in that bed—”
He held up his hands in defeat. “You can’t blame me for trying. But really, I just want to clear the air and let you know that sleeping with Amanda doesn’t reflect on you. I’m still attracted to you—” 
Kira started to cut him off. 
“Wait, I think you should hear this. You’re beautiful. You don’t need some surfer bloke to tell you that. But me sleeping with Amanda wasn’t because I thought she was hotter or anything like that. It was just me being an ass. Do you understand?” 
Kira nodded, deep in thought. Without realizing it, he told her he wasn’t Jeremy. However, Kira also understood that someday she needed more than flirting and sex in a relationship. She required honesty and authenticity. Jeremy was an epic fail, and Jamie was nearly a repeat, but through those experiences, some act of grace brought her to understand what she wanted and what she was worth. 
Kira and Jamie went on to talk about South Africa, its beauty, the people, and the surfing. 
“The word amazing just doesn’t do it justice, but I can’t think of another one except stoke, but that sounds odd when describing a place,” Kira said, fully integrating the surf slang into her vocabulary.
“I know what you mean. Stoke is a state of mind,” he paused and then continued, “So will you continue to surf? You’re getting really confident out on the water.” 
“Absolutely, whenever I can. I started at a time when the rest of my life was suspended; if you know what I mean. But yeah, even when we were in the Karoo, as incredible as that was, I was longing to get back in the water.”
“You’ve been bitten by the surf bug,” he teased, laughing. “I won’t be surprised if I find you somewhere in the world, on one of my trips, totally gone native, surfing day and night, hair bleached out, and tanned like a coconut.” They both laughed at the image. “Live free and surf,” Jamie said.
“You never know. Oh, hey, I have something to show you.” Kira got her camera, and plugged it into her laptop, setting it on the table between them. She flipped past the ones she’d uploaded of Ian, excitement rising up and dancing in her belly in a flurry. They looked at the photos she’d taken of Jamie surfing, chatting much longer than Kira had intended. When the time came for Jamie to return to his room, they exchanged a hug and nothing more. 
“It’s been good to know you,” Kira said.
“You too. I hope we see each other again.”
“I don’t know, globetrotter. Maybe out in the waves,” she said.
Kira woke to watch the sunrise over the ocean. The energy of the discussion she and Jamie had the night before lingered like dusty outlines in the chairs on the deck. Jeremy and Jamie had guided her to knowing what she truly wanted and deserved in a relationship. Kira could go back home without any loose ends, she had closure. 
Later that day, she grumbled at the flight desk in the airport, unable to change her seat. While waiting in the terminal, a tall, tanned figure plopped down next to her, sunnies perched on his head. 
“Did you try to change the seat?” Jamie asked nonchalantly. 
“Yeah,” she said slightly guiltily, a smile hinting at her lips.
“Me too.”
“No luck?” Kira said.
“None.”
“Can I ask why?” she asked.
“Too tempting. I thought for sure we’d sleep together last night,” he said in his flirty Australian accent.
“Disappointed?” she asked, her mouth hanging open, though she knew she shouldn’t be surprised.
“Disappointed that we didn’t sleep together last night or that we have to ride back together?” he asked. 
“Both,” Kira said.
“We could repeat our flight over and take care of my disappointment,” Jamie said, unable to hide his grin. 
 “My, you are persistent,” she said, turning to face him. Without thinking, she planted a big, succulent kiss on his lips. “Better?”
“Definitely,” he said with a smirk.
“That’ll have to do. It was the last bit of closure I needed for me, and for you, that was something to remember me by,” she said.
“Oh, I will,” he said, winking. “Mile high club?” 
Kira punched him in the arm jokingly. 
After the flight, they hugged goodbye at the airport. Kira sluggishly gathered her luggage and returned to the Mercedes. She drove with a heavy heart that didn’t have anything to do with Jamie. 
Returning to the empty house on Lilac Court had a magnetic effect on Kira. All the emotions she thought she’d processed, but lingered in the shadowy corners, under the beds, and in the closets of the big lonely house, found their way back to her as she crossed the threshold. Kira tried to hold in her feelings as she had that night at the hospital; she tried to summon the peaceful feeling she’d cultivated in Africa, but sadness and grief poured out of her in a torrent. 
Without unpacking, Kira crept to bed, and stayed there only to emerge the following day to go work. 
The week passed as Kira slunk into depression. Like a robot capable of tears, she managed to get to the office, and then she returned home and cried. She regressed into an emotional wreck, only this time even worse because her tears were unwelcome and not understood. 
The only interruption to this pattern occurred when the real estate agent called to announce she secured a buyer for the condominium in Boston. More time passed, leaving Kira like a fish out of water, not comfortable in her own skin. Slight relief arrived when she signed the final papers for the sale of the condo. For a few days, she felt lighter, like she'd shed a burden. Then she returned to her despondent routine, slogged through files and reports at work, returned to Lilac Court, and cried her way through nearly sleepless nights. 
Hopelessness darkened her days until her sister called to let her know she’d had the baby, another girl at nine pounds, nineteen inches, named Viva. Live. On a late spring day, Kira drove to Connecticut to visit Winter and her growing family. 
“You look terrible. It’s nearly summer Summer, get some sunshine. Why are you wearing your eyeglasses, you look like a mom with five kids who hasn’t had a chance to take a shower in a week, and I’m pretty sure that’s not the look you’re going for.”
“Is that a bad thing?” Kira asked, looking at her sister with frizzy hair and the baby in her arms.
“No, but it’s the point. It doesn’t look like you’re taking care of yourself.”
“I’ve lost too many pairs of contacts from crying.” 
Winter looked at Kira imploringly. “You look skinny.”
She was right, but the topic held particular sensitivity because of their father. When he became sick, he refused medical care, growing painfully thin. His long brown hair, like Kira’s, became scraggly and sparse. He likened himself to an old bear; he just wanted to go out to the woods to return to Mother Nature peacefully. 
“I’m not sick and I’m not hopeless, not yet,” Kira shot back. Although the magic of Africa had worn off, she’d developed the habit of speaking honestly. The days of polite and withholding Kira were gone. Africa, or maybe the confrontation with Jamie, had awoken part of her who had the strength to speak her mind. She wasn’t afraid of her voice anymore, but still hadn’t figured out how to articulate her sadness. 
Winter’s eyes filled with tears. 
“Summer, don’t upset your sister, she’s postpartum. This is a tender time,” Acacia said. 
“I wasn’t meaning to. But she and I dance around the topic of our parents as if they’re infectious, like if we talk about them the pain will overwhelm us, possibly even kill us. I’ve been overwhelmed by pain and you know what, the only way through it, is through it.” 
Kira told Winter about the drum circle, opening the doorway to an honest conversation. Through two baby feedings, the sisters discussed their parents, life on the commune, and they wept and laughed in equal measure. 
“I wonder how I’m going to mess this munchkin up?” Winter asked, gazing lovingly at Viva.
“You won’t mess her up, you’ll just impart upon her—” Kira paused, thinking for the right word. “Riddles.” 
Winter grinned. “Yeah, riddles she’ll have to decipher, emotional mysteries that’ll take half her adult life to decode,” Winter said, picking up Kira’s meaning as she rubbed her daughter’s tiny nose with her own. 
Kira shook her head. “I don’t think it’ll be that bad, maybe just a quarter of her adult life.” They laughed and Kira knew her relationship with her sister would be okay.
When she drove back toward Boston, again she felt lighter. Seeing the new baby, Viva, and having a heart-to-heart with Winter, buoyed her. Kira replayed parts of the conversation and the insights they offered each other. 
As Kira walked through of her house, she spun back into a sobbing wreck, and resumed her work, cry, work routine. She felt herself slipping away on a river of tears and loneliness.  
One night, as Kira walked past Jeremy’s office, she stood in the doorway looking at the near empty space. It was like he still occupied the room. Kira stormed in, grabbed the wooden desk by the edge, and started to drag it to the door. She struggled, lowering it down the stairs, not caring that she nicked the wall. She continued through the front door, out to the lawn. This followed with the empty filing cabinet, his reading lamp, leather chair, and miscellaneous items from the garage that screamed Jeremy Annandale. She brought out rowing gear and golf clubs. She scribbled a sign that read, Tag Sale, ready to sell everything for bottom dollar. 
Kira lugged things up from the basement. She scoured the shelves, arranging knickknacks, and engagement and bridal shower gifts on folding tables. She wanted it all gone. By the time the sun rose in the sky, more than half the house was empty. She’d stickered and tagged dishware, linens, gifts from the wedding, and more. 
Sinking into a lawn chair, Kira watched old ladies and hip couples pick through her memories. All that stuff represented pain and loss, burying her beneath its weight. By the late afternoon, nearly everything had sold. A young kid asked Kira about some tennis rackets and neon green balls.
“You can have them, all yours,” she said dismissively.
“Alright,” he cheered. He called to his brother, running down the sidewalk, “Scored a new racket. First day of summer tomorrow. I’m gonna cream you!”
Kira gave the rest away, not wanting to bring anything back inside, including herself. She straightened the crumbled bills, planning to offer it to the local animal shelter, thinking back to Woody and the wild dogs in Africa. 
Kira cleaned up the yard, the little boy’s words about it being summer the next day reminded her the following day was her birthday.
 Without giving herself a chance to change her mind, Kira grabbed a bathing suit and towel, a blanket, some clothes, and a toothbrush, along with food and water. 
She drove to the shore and kept checking to make sure she wasn’t going crazy. She knew a lack of sleep could do that. What she had in mind, to be sure, was a wacky plan, not even a plan according to her usual standards. And nothing about it spelled Kira. However, it was all she had. She couldn’t bear to spend another sleepless night in the house on Lilac Court. 

Chapter Twenty-Four

When Kira arrived at the ocean that evening, the rising moon reflected off the peaceful water like a mirror. She walked to the edge of the shore and waded in. 
The salty air, the lapping around her ankles, the soothing breath of the waves in and out brought her back to herself. Kira felt the lightness from Africa return and the energy of new life when she met her niece, Viva. She looked up at the stars, beckoning them to guide her forward. 
“Happy birthday,” she said. Her breath deepened, and she rubbed her eyes. She walked back to the Mercedes, and grabbed a pillow and blanket, then spread it out on the sand. She lay down, and the next thing she knew, the dawning sun warmed her skin.
Refreshed, Kira looked to the wall for Ian, hoping they could restore their easy friendship. Just the gull perched on its spindly orange legs with feathers ruffling backwards in the light breeze. The gull gave Kira a quick sideways look and then flew away.
She walked over to the Boardroom. The owner, Andy, typed on the laptop behind the counter. 
“Hi, I’d like to buy a board,” Kira said, interrupting him.
“Sure, what are you looking for?” Kira went on to describe her ability and interests, and Andy matched her up with a few choices. She looked over her shoulder every few minutes, hoping to see either Ian or even Jamie. She wanted to see someone who knew her, someone who believed in her, because after all those weeks since she’d returned from Africa she hardly knew herself, until she’d arrived at the beach the night before. Then she knew exactly who she was, and seeing one of them would confirm that she could be sure of herself again and this wasn't a dream. 
When Kira selected an aquamarine board and went to pay, she spotted Vanessa getting out of her Toyota Supra. Kira looked for Ian, but another girl, with wavy brown hair and wearing a half-shirt, accompanied Vanessa. They glanced in Kira’s direction when they entered. Vanessa whispered something to her friend as they walked toward the cafe. Kira grimaced, but Andy grabbed her attention. 
“Great idea, getting a new board on the first day of summer,” he said after she signed the receipt. 
“Best idea I could come up with. Birthday present.” Kira was about to inquire if Ian or Jamie were around, but another customer asked for help renting a paddleboard.
Kira toted her new board out to the water, and put on her wetsuit, still needing the extra layer in the Atlantic. Paddling out, there weren’t too many people in the lineup. It was, by her estimation, the perfect day. The air was warm, the sky blue, and the waves were glassy. She surfed until her arms turned to noodles. 
Later, Kira lay in the sand, letting the sunshine burn through to her heart, letting it shine light where it felt shadowy, so she could bring herself to get back up and go on with the next day. 
Surfing on the weekend, along with some early mornings she snuck in before work, acted like an elixir, renewing her for the days ahead and the nights spent crying herself to sleep in the oppressive house, the sadness there, unescapable.
***
The weekend of the fourth-of-July arrived, carrying Kira to Nicole and Nate’s party in Manhattan. They hosted on the roof of their apartment with a catered barbecue, including all the fixings. The sparkly decorations, red, white, and blue lights, triangular flags blowing in the soft breeze, and a tastefully coordinated patriotic theme lended a festive, but discrete, atmosphere for the real purpose of the party. 
Conspicuously, Nicole remained in a chair throughout the meal, saying she’d hurt her back moving the tables up to the roof. After they finished at the barbeque buffet, Nate appeared with a large cake topped with sizzling sparklers. He held it in front of Nicole as she announced, “We invited all of you here tonight to celebrate freedom and independence, spend time with friends and family, but also to share our good news.” Nicole looked to Nate. 
“We’re having a baby,” they said together. Everyone erupted into cheers and Nicole absolutely glowed. Kira heard several, I knew it-s, and that’s why she has that look about her. The congratulations faded as fireworks appeared in the nearby sky, showering everyone with light and hope. 
Kira spent the night at Nicole’s, anticipating some girl time with her the morning after the party. They had mere minutes together in the bathroom because Nate’s parents and sister also stayed in the tiny apartment, and understandably occupying much of Nicole’s attention with their excitement at the new addition to their family. 
“Are you okay?” Nicole asked. 
Kira shrugged her shoulders. 
“You seemed in a better place when you returned from your trip.”
“I think I was. I don’t know. It’s like Jeremy’s haunting my house.” 
“Maybe he is.” 
Kira looked at her friend with alarm. 
“I don’t mean actually. I mean haunting it in a way. You’re intuitive Kira, if you have even the slightest feeling that some tie to him remains in that space, then I’m sure it does.
“It’s like I can’t get away from him, it’s keeping me up at night.” Kira looked in the vanity mirror. “There’s only one way I’d get bags this big,” she said, pointing. 
Nicole pulled Kira into a hug. Kira felt Nicole’s protruding belly against her own; life goes on.
“Do you want to stay here a while? Visit the city? After I get home from work we could see a show, eat at some great spots Nate and I’ve found, there’s an Italian place I know you’d adore—”
“I’d love to, maybe a long weekend next month, but there’s work and—” But there was no and—and they both knew it. 
“The offer stands,” she said.
“Oh, and if you ever want to sell your place in Newton and move here, we’d love having a neighbor. Auntie Kira.”
“I’ll consider it,” Kira said. She felt stuck, somehow glued to the past, unable to move forward, and certain New York City was not for her—not with her newfound love affair with the ocean. 
Kira drove straight back to Lilac Court, but before she allowed the heaviness of the house dampen her mood, she grabbed her board, wetsuit and gear, and kept on driving. 
She’d only ever surfed at her spot in the morning, and when she got to the beach, people with blankets, coolers, and beach chairs dotted the coastline, a much different scene than the quiet and introspective mornings she usually spent there. Kids played, umbrellas were rooted in the sand, and body boarders slid on their bellies in the white water toward the shore. A sizeable number of beginners took surf lessons too, but Ian was not among the instructors.  
Kira toted her new board to the sand and watched the waves for a little while before jumping in. She caught some great rides, and even tried walking forward a couple steps on the board, to bring her toes to the nose. She wiped out a bunch, but had fun on her own, independent, like the holiday she’d just celebrated. 
The following workweek dragged Kira along with it. Each night she felt as though she was drowning and by morning, she surfaced to do it all over again. 
On Friday, Alice asked her out for a drink, having recently broken it off with the latest guy she dated. 
“I’m not going to lie, you seem like you might be,” Alice paused, carefully choosing her words, “depressed. And it’s no wonder, after the last few months, but—”
“When I surf, I’m fine. I can stand on my own two feet, when I’m at work, I feel like a robot, marching along to the rhythm of footsteps that no longer belonged to me. And when I’m at home I can barely hold myself upright,” Kira said, confessing. 
“So it’s not twenty-four-seven. There are times you feel ok, right?”
“Yes.”
“Then do more of that.”
Kira gave Alice a withering look. 
“I know. You want to feel good all the time. Life isn’t always like that. But I understand what you mean. Have you thought about seeing someone?”
Kira thought about Jamie and then Ian. 
“A therapist or a life coach?”
Kira’s eyes grew wide at her mistake and then she shook her head. 
“It’s something to consider.”
Kira shifted the conversation to Alice’s dating life. Although she was eager to get back in the waves Saturday morning, she stayed out as late as possible only to postpone the confining walls at Lilac Court. 
In the wee hours of the morning, the familiar sleeplessness, kept Kira from resting so she checked out the wave report and then clicked over to the Boardroom homepage. Shortly after, she left for the beach, just before sunrise. 
When Kira pulled into the lot, she sat in the Mercedes, watching the rolling waves, recalling the quiet mornings spent with Ian on the wall just in front of her, wondering if he’d moved away or took up surfing elsewhere. Maybe he laid tucked in bed with Vanessa, she thought darkly.
As the sun spread like molten liquid across the horizon, a knock on the passenger side window startled her. Ian stood there, wearing his wetsuit, smiling, his eyes rekindled with their old warmth. 
Kira got out.
“Hey,” Ian said.
“Hi,” Kira said, softly stepping toward him. 
“So, where were we?” he asked. 
Kira thought about their last encounter, Vanessa, the gulf that formed between them, and the sadness he tried to hide. 
Without answering, she put her arm in his, knowing that in his smile and her simple gesture, they mended the fissure in their friendship.
“We’re ok,” she said, relieved, and returning his smile. 
They walked down the beach, arm in arm, and then settled on the sand, close to the shore, watching the waves, letting the ocean do the talking.  
Being with Ian again was like joy, light, and ease that burned away the blemish of the last months. He wore his feelings plainly in his expression, with his kind eyes and quick smile, looking pleased to see her. 
Welcoming him into her life at that precise moment was the kind of perfection she could never have planned. Before, her life resembled an attic packed tightly with hidden meanings and feelings. Who she was, her authentic-self, lay hidden under years of storing those things away, albeit in tidily labeled boxes, concealing them even from her own sight. 
In that quick instant, she unpacked; inside she saw beauty, goodness, worthiness, strength, and courage. Ian allowed her to unfurl; his very presence challenged her to be true. 
“So you’re back. How was your trip?” he asked, genuinely interested.
“To tell you the truth—” Kira started to say. She resolved only to tell the truth no matter how wonderful or difficult. “It was amazing and awful.” She sighed.
“Surfer to surfer?” Ian cocked an eyebrow inviting her to talk about it. 
Kira smiled. He was so purely honest, so Ian. “That thing with Jamie was just a fling.”
“Really?” He brightened.
“Really,” she said with certainty. 
“It stung a little seeing you with him,” he said, clearing his throat. “Actually, a lot.”
“Why’s that?” Kira asked playfully.
“Because you’re better than a fling.” 
Flattered and flattened by that admission, this time, Kira raised her eyebrows. “But you’re not?” she asked, referring to Vanessa. “Why the double standard?” 
He grimaced, and then his expression turned serious. “After I saw the two of you together I just needed to cool off. Meeting you heated me up, inside. You made my heart beat faster. You filled my thoughts. Then I saw you at the Boardroom together and at his place. I felt like I was going to combust. And maybe I figured something mindless, pointless, and meaningless would dampen the place where it felt like the flame of missing you would burn me alive.” 
Kira’s breath came in hurried bursts. She wasn’t expecting to hear those words. Honesty indeed.
He went on, “I knew when we first met, for you, it wasn’t the right time. I could tell something big had happened, and you were in deep dealing with it. Then you went off with Jamie, and I thought I’d been a fool. But thinking about you every day, your smile, your courage, then seeing you out on the waves the other day on your own—you caught some good ones—and your car parked here this morning, I felt drawn to you like the tide. Seeing you here again right now, I realize you’re just you. No pretense, nothing fake or assuming. Funny how seeing you with Jamie tricked me into thinking there wasn’t something incredibly special about you. I’m only sorry I didn’t realize it sooner.” 
They looked at each other then, openly, unhindered by discomfort, trepidation, and bridged they the gap since the last time they’d been together. 
“Are we still talking surfer to surfer?” Kira asked, unsure what to do with all that he just revealed. 
He nodded. 
“Wanna catch a wave?”


Chapter Twenty-Five

The ocean brought Ian and Kira into harmony with one another; being with him, whether in the water or land, was as near to her as breathing. 
“You make me feel like flying,” she said, quietly. 
“Is that a good thing?”
“Very,” she said, before paddling and coasting along a cresting wave, flying through the water. She didn’t know that was possible with someone until Ian. 
He caught the next one and she watched him do a fluid frontside turn and then cut back, spray catching the sunlight like jewels scattering in every direction and shattering it, dramatically, like glass. The both paddled back out, seagulls calling overhead.  
“I guess I did work myself out of a job after all,” he joked from where they sat outside the breaking waves. 
“You saw me out here the other day?”
“Maybe,” Ian said with a boyish grin. “I saw a wicked hot chick, tearing it up on a bright blue board.” 
“Why didn’t you say hi?”
“Didn’t want to interrupt your flow.” 
Ian expressed how impressed he was at how much Kira had improved as she caught wave after wave, skimming along right down the line of the curl. When they sat side-by-side, straddling their boards, between sets, their legs brushed, sending a quiver right up to her chest. She let her gaze linger on him, his full lips, strong jaw; she longed to be closer. 
It was a fun early morning session; but all too soon, Ian rode in to shore. “I better get to the shop, check the schedule for students.” 
Kira played along. “Has it been busy?” she asked.
“Yeah,” he said, absently bending over to take off his leash. 
“I’ll grab some coffee,” she said, joining him.
Leaving their boards outside, Kira followed Ian into the store, and waited in the short line to get a coffee. Kira couldn’t resist a fresh blueberry muffin, just out of the oven, cooling on the counter. 
From across the room, Ian laughed buoyantly. In an instant, he swooped in next to her, stealing a bite of the muffin in her hand. She playfully wrestled him to get it back, and without realizing it, his arms wrapped around her waist in a hug. 
As Kira leaned back to look up into his eyes, any lingering uncertainty that they didn’t want something more between them disappeared. She let her wet-suit clad body lean into his, offering him another bite of the muffin. He leaned in so close she almost tasted his minty breath. Instead of a kiss, he offered a smile that melted her heart. 
“So, I guess I didn’t work myself out of a job.”
Kira laughed. 
“I see you’re on the schedule. Still a student, eh?”
“I couldn’t sleep last night so I figured what better way to spend a tired morning than surfing with my favorite teacher.” 
His laughter filled the room. 
“And I had to try again,” she said, running her hand along his arm, letting it rest there. If Ian wasn’t so tan, she would’ve been sure he blushed a little. 
“Ready to go back out?”
“Absolutely.” Kira guzzled her coffee.
Ian helped her improve a few skills especially turning, but mostly they goofed off, splashing each other, and trying to ride tandem. Ian had a few other students that day, so Kira intermittently lounged in the sand, read a novel, caught some more waves, and then met up with him when his workday was over.
“Want to have dinner together?” Ian asked shyly.  
Kira nodded as she struggled out of her wetsuit, remarking how it never got easier. She tumbled over a jumbled heap of boxes; the mess reminded her of the first morning in there with him. 
“I figured with the owner back he’d have cleaned this up,” Kira said, still somewhat poorly affected by clutter and chaos.
“He has his own way of keeping track of where everything is, darned if I know. I’ve thought about opening a surf shop someday. Yanno, just dreaming.”
“You could hire me to keep things organized,” Kira joked.
Once changed, they hopped in Ian’s pickup truck. After a quick stop at a farm stand, he wove through the narrow beach streets and parked. “We go on foot from here.” 
They crossed the dunes and then came out down the beach by a large break wall that jutted out into the sea. Unless they were fishing for their dinner, Kira didn’t see a restaurant in either direction. They continued walking, arriving at a wooden set of stairs with an elegant script spread out on each of the risers that read, If there is magic on the planet, surely it is found in the ocean.  
The stairs led up to a semi-enclosed deck with flowering vines growing up the side, connected to a small cottage. “Welcome to my place,” Ian said, opening the door. “I wanted to cook you dinner, if that’s okay.”
“The farm stand. Right.” Kira said, putting it together. “That would be wonderful.” 
“Any allergies, extreme dislikes?”
“Clams. They really don’t like to be eaten. If you have to pry it open, no thank you,” Kira said squishing up her nose.
“No clams then, which works out perfectly because I was going to make us burritos. And I’m a vegetarian.” He set to work in the kitchen and Kira sat on a stool at the small center island. While Ian chopped tomatoes and onions, he asked her about Africa. “Just leave out the Jamie parts.”
 Kira laughed. “That won’t be difficult.” 
“I’m not jealous of him, he’s a good looking dude, works the ladies and all that, and I’ll give him credit, he’s an amazing surfer,” Ian paused, “but he doesn’t respect the, surfer code, ya know?” 
Kira tilted her head, unsure what he meant.
“He snakes waves, drops in on people, he’s a bully out there. If he’s the only one out, fine, he gets center stage, but if there’s a lineup, he doesn’t know how to share. He gets aggressive about it too. Once, he chewed out this kid, one I actually taught how to surf, who’d just gotten the courage to go out past the breakers, and Jamie let loose on him for getting in his way. The kid was in tears. This isn’t the Superbank. I mean, Jamie could’ve just cut back. I’ve seen him act that way a lot. Out of the water, he’s all right, but in the surf, he gets mean. That’s not the way of the ocean, well not my way.” 
She’d made peace with Jamie, but learning this new detail didn’t surprise her. He certainly loved the spotlight, and when she saw him surf in Africa, he rode the waves solo. 
“That’s not cool,” Kira said.
 “But other than that, like I said, he’s alright. Mostly. I guess it’s hard for me to get past his weird territorialism,” Ian said. “And that he seduced you before I had a chance.” Ian looked up from an avocado, his cheeks dimpling in a huge smile. 
“With Jamie out of the picture, you are, if you’re still interested, allowed to seduce me.” Kira’s cheeks turned pink at her candor. Honesty indeed. Throughout the day, she’d grown increasingly more attracted to Ian, her pulse quicker in his presence, heat building below her belly. She hadn’t been able to ignore his extreme good looks before, but Jamie hijacked her attention, and she didn’t think of Ian as much more than a friend. Now the roles of the men switched, and Kira pictured Ian in his wetsuit, all muscle and brawn, those first times she saw him. However, now her attraction to Ian was more than skin, or wetsuit, deep. Ian was soulful. He knew how to talk and listen, he laughed easily, loved the ocean, and by the looks of it, knew how to cook.   
Ian dipped a tortilla chip into the guacamole, and offered Kira a bite. It tasted limey, salty, and fresh. 
“What is it they say? The quickest way to a man’s heart is through his stomach. My theory is the same is true for women.” 
As he continued preparing the meal, the amber sunset glowed through the living room windows. Kira told Ian about Africa, surfing, the Karoo, and safari, the hike up Table Mountain, the characters who she’d met on the trip, and then the drum circle. 
“It was transformative. Just amazing, something I never expected. Like magic—” She paused. drawing the feeling of the experience back into her being. “To get out of my surroundings and get a new perspective shifted something inside me. I was supposed to go to France, but was destined for Africa. Even though someday I really want to go there, I’m thankful I changed plans,” Kira said.
“You know, there are some great breaks in France, Hossegor, Biarritz, La Basque,” Ian said.
“Really? When I think of France I think Paris, crepes, the Eiffel tower, and enchanting little villages in wine country.”
“And surfing,” Ian said enthusiastically. “Let’s do it someday, I’ve never surfed in Europe, it’ll be a first for both of us.”
“Ok,” she said, knowing that after spontaneously going to South Africa on a surfari, anything was possible. 
As Ian fried onions, peppers, and black beans, Kira studied his house. A large bookshelf spanned nearly an entire wall, but from where she sat, she couldn’t quite read the titles. A well-worn couch sat behind a coffee table stacked with books and magazines, and a bowl full of seashells and sea glass. Kira noticed the absence of a TV. In the corner, she saw a dog bed, but no dog. An acoustic guitar leaned against the wall in another corner. Hanging on the wall there were a few framed photographs of surfers, one in a huge cerulean wave and another riding a green tube. There was also a collage of family photos and an old wooden tide clock. By a side door rested a couple surfboards and a stack of towels. It was simple and tidy. 
“So, tell me, why did we take the super-secret way to get here?” Kira asked, also noting the front door window held a stained glass rendition of a mermaid. 
“My neighbor is having a family reunion, and they asked if they could use my driveway. And the beach path is a bit more romantic,” he said, smirking. 
“You have a nice place, lucky to be here right here on the beach.” 
“My family’s old beach house. I usually head out west in the winter.” 
“Really?”
“My grandfather left me a houseboat in Sausalito. I stay there for the winter, surf, shape, write.”
“You write?”
“When I’m not surfing or shaping boards, I’m a writer. Freelance. Articles. Working on the proverbial book.” He ducked into an adjacent room, and brought out a magazine. “My latest.”
Kira thumbed through to a dog-eared page. Across the top, it read Into the Mist by Ian Ingram. While he continued to cook, she read the article about wave culture, weather, and how it affected indigenous tribes across the globe. 
“This is fascinating,” Kira said when she finished. “I’m looking forward to your book.” 
“It’s not entirely about surfing, but incorporates the lifestyle, the heart and soul of wave culture, some history, and lots of food, recipes, stuff on health and fitness. I think you’ll dig it,” he said as he rolled two big burritos. “No worries if you can’t eat it all, I give doggie bags.” 
Kira let the plump burrito cool. When she took the first bite, the flavors of chilies, cilantro, and cumin merged with the veggies, beans, and rice.
“This is delicious,” Kira said. 
As they ate the burritos, pico de gallo, and guacamole, they chatted easily about everything and nothing at all. Afterward they each had a Corona with lime out on the deck. Later, while Kira helped clean up, Ian tossed sudsy bubbles at her, and she whacked him with the dishtowel. When he went to grab it, their bare arms brushed. They both became still, their eyes meeting. Kira’s heart beat rapidly and then she took a deep breath, breaking the spell. 
Ian asked, “Want to take a walk?” 
She didn’t want the night to end so a walk provided a perfect way to extend it. She hoped if they just kept walking, talking, walking, and talking it wouldn’t have to. When they descended onto the beach, Ian reached for Kira’s hand. His fit around hers perfectly, warm and solid at the same time. Again, her heart pattered more quickly in her chest. They walked barefoot in the sand, the air still and salty. 
“You know, when we met, I hadn’t been to the ocean in years.”
“I had that sense when you first dipped your toes in,” Ian said, unable to suppress a smile. 
“It scared me. It’s so wild at times. For most of my life, I was going for controlled and orderly. Pretty much the opposite of windy, sandy, and wet.” 
Ian laughed. 
She gave him a sideways look.
“I’m not laughing at you. Honest. It just amazes me how people can change. Sometimes we think everything is the way it is, and then we surprise ourselves when we discover we can do or think something different.” 
After a while, they turned back toward Ian’s place, still walking hand in hand. They passed the cottage to his truck. As they drove back to Kira’s Mercedes, she took a careful look at him, wanting to memorize his image and take it home with her, comfort for the tears that she anticipated would flow when she returned to Lilac Court. 
When Kira got out of the truck, Ian came around to the passenger side. “I don’t want this night to be over,” he said, as usual, not afraid to speak his heart.
“Me neither. Are you surfing tomorrow?”
“Every day.” 
“Then I’ll see you in the morning,” she said. 
He leaned in and gave Kira a gentle kiss on the lips. She melted; unsure if her legs would continue to support her. Breathless, she leaned in for another and then floated over to her car. She bit her lip, hesitating, tasting him in her mouth. She wanted to go back and throw herself into his arms. But, she told herself she’d see him in the morning. 

Chapter Twenty-Six

As Kira drove home, the familiar anxiety of the night to come, alone in the cold house, plagued her. 
After idling in the driveway for nearly fifteen minutes, she forced herself to the door. The crushing and haunting desperation besieged her as she entered, leaving her feeling worse than ever. 
She took a long warm shower, dried her hair, and put on her glasses. Grabbing a magazine, hoping a distraction would stem the tears, she heard a knock. Startled, Kira turned on the light. It came again, a light rapping. She remembered Nicole arriving unannounced a couple months ago, but she would have called or texted at that late hour. Kira flipped on the porch light at the foot of the stairs. The silhouette of a tall figure shown through the glass of the front door. 
“Kira?” a familiar voice called. 
She unbolted the lock, and this time threw herself into Ian’s arms. He hugged her tight. 
“I hope this isn’t weird.”
“No, not weird, not at all,” she said, her face muffled in the folds of his sweatshirt, trying hard not to cry out of sheer relief. 
“When you drove away, it felt wrong. I wanted to be with you, for the night to go on. I want you Kira,” he said softly into her hair, holding her with the promise not to let go. 
After she allayed the first wave of tears that threatened, a second tried to make their way to her eyes, tears of gratitude this time, but she fought them off as the connection between them fused, warming her with desire.
“I went home, and it felt so empty without you there. I tried reading and writing, zoning out to a surf vid, but I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I tried calling first, but didn’t get an answer.” 
“I left my phone in the car,” Kira said, remembering.
“Is this okay?” he asked. “You’re quiet.” 
Kira nodded in the dim light. 
“Aw, you look cute in your glasses,” he said, referring to her Elizabeth and James hombre frames. “Are you sure you’re okay?” 
Kira nodded yes and then shook her head no. “I never ever wanted to cry in front of you like this,” Kira whimpered as tears escaped from her eyes. “I wanted you to think I’m okay. To be the me I was all day at the beach and at your house. To be normal.”
“You are okay. Just be you. What’s up?” he said gently, confused. 
She feared he wondered if he’d just made a mistake and entered the house of a crazy person. They settled on the couch.
 “You know how some people sleep at night?” she asked. “Well, I cry.” And another wave washed over her. “It’s just here when I’m inside this house, alone,” she said exasperated. “I’m sorry. I never wanted you to see me like this. I can’t explain it. I just cry.”
“Kira.” He took a deep breath and reached out for her. “I want to see you all ways. Teary, cranky, tired.” Ian pulled her into a hug. “I want to see you frustrated and angry. I want to see you laughing and smiling. Just you. Always.” 
His strong arms around her provided a confirmation. His words, an affirmation of everything Kira wanted and needed. She took a deep breath. “In that case, there’s something I want to tell you, and then maybe never talk about it again. I don’t really like talking about it or thinking about it even. I vowed never to tell anyone, because it’s such a stain on my life. I only wanted you to know the new me, the improved me.” 
“Whatever has happened to you is part of who you are. The good and bad stuff, it’s shaped you into the person you are today. And that person, the Kira I know, I happen to like a lot. And I don’t think any amount of crying or whatever went on in your past is going to change that,” Ian said confidently. 
Kira drew a breath and began. “When I was in college I met a guy—” She told him the whole story from start to finish. She told him the ugly parts and the humiliating parts. 
“I just can’t seem to let go. Whenever I enter this house, all I can think about is Jeremy. How he hurt me. How maybe I could have prevented it all and had a happy marriage. I think about the women he was with, and it just keeps going over and over in my mind, the same thoughts. It’s driving me mad.” 
The entire time Ian listened attentively. He asked a few questions, but mostly remained quiet as he held her hand. “You’re so brave. It doesn’t change a thing other than it breaks my heart to know someone treated you so poorly. But there’s nothing you could have done to change him. Or had the marriage you’d hoped for. You’re a smart woman, you must see that?” 
She did, but it was as if an invisible thread held her to the spot. 
Ian continued, “Maybe when you’re here in this house, you revert. And you temporarily forget all the growing and changing you’ve done, pulling you back into believing you should be someone else or the person Jeremy wanted you to be in the relationship. But because you’re not that person, you find yourself in a confusing conflict, causing you to suffer.”
Kira wiped her eyes. 
He took her hands and squeezed. “If having the picture perfect house in the suburbs isn’t who you are any more, it’s ok to move on. You’re not going to disappoint anyone, at least not anyone who’s worth their salt. No point in trying to force it,” he followed up. “Just be you, do what makes you happy.” 
What Ian said sounded sensible. It rang true. Still something dense and stubborn shielded Kira’s logic. “When I’m at work or the beach I’m fine, and then I walk through this door and fall apart.”
“Have you considered selling?”
“Well, I got rid of all his things. I had a tag sale.”
“No, I mean selling the house. Moving.”
“Where?”
“Moving anywhere, moving on.” 
As if a light bulb in her heart suddenly illuminated the cavern of her mind, she knew moving was the answer. Hearing Ian say it is okay to move on, to let go of something that no longer served the person she’d become, was like giving her the match to a candle she desperately wanted to light. It also corroborated with Nicole’s suggestion, though Manhattan wasn’t the place for her. 
“Sometimes taking that last step away from what’s familiar is the hardest,” Ian said. “My dog died a few weeks ago.” 
Kira tilted her head in sympathy.
“Don’t worry I’m not likening your situation to that, but she was a sweetie. She was actually my ex-girlfriend’s dog. She left several years ago, with, yes, you guessed it, some other dude. She left Macy with me. At first, I was hurt by the breakup, and Macy was a constant reminder of Rachel. She’d follow me around, probably wondering when Rachel would be back. She was always at my heels. Over time, as my emotions shifted from sadness to anger at Rachel, I’d get annoyed by Macy always being there. I actually brought her to an animal shelter, just so I wouldn’t think about my ex every time I looked at the dog, but at the last moment, I couldn’t bring myself to go in. I probably would have gone home with two dogs. I wasn’t angry at Macy, I realized later, but at the reminder of Rachel and her irresponsibility, insensitivity, generally her all around not being good to Macy or me. Lucky for Macy I love dogs. Eventually, I just saw her for what she was, my best friend, surf buddy, and I let go of the old connotations with Rachel. But this house is just a house. It’s not a living, breathing being. You can’t have been here very long.”
Kira shook her head. “Just since last fall.” 
“No guilt in selling. Maybe in some ways it’s an oppressive reminder that you were done wrong and it’s you locked in that mindset. Or maybe it’s just haunted.” 
Laughter cut through Kira’s tears, inching toward understanding what Ian meant. “Even though Jeremy and I didn’t create many memories here together, the walls contain my own recent memories of loneliness, betrayal, and loss, what came at the end and after the relationship. I’ve accepted what he did and that he died. I could say I’ve let go of him, but not of the emotions that resulted from all of that. It’s hard to wrap my head around.” Kira shifted on the couch, and their knees touched. 
“Slowly, piece by piece, it’s starting to make sense. Maybe moving on is the final step, and instead of clinging to the old plan, maybe I can allow a new life unfold.” It was almost as if the words were born in her mouth, registering as truth so suddenly she felt a seismic shift, a movement toward freedom as she spoke them.
With that effort, Kira’s eyes suddenly felt heavy. 
“Getting tired?” Ian took off his hat and ran his fingers through his short hair. 
“Possibly,” she said still not wanting the night to end. 
He tossed the cushions off the couch, kicked off his flip-flops, and started to recline. 
“I didn’t scare you off? You’re not leaving?” she asked with surprise. 
“Kira, I’ll never leave you, not unless you want me to,” he said softly, and pulled her alongside him. 
He took Kira’s glasses off, brushed a few stray hairs out of her face, then kissed her forehead, her nose, cheeks, and then settled softly on her lips. Kira drank in his gentleness of certainty and contentment. Then he closed his eyes. 
Despite Ian’s presence, Kira didn’t sleep much, but enjoyed the soft hum of Ian’s breathing. She studied his fingers as they interlaced with hers, resting upon his chest. When the framed bit of sky in the living room window started to lighten, Ian gave Kira a squeeze, smiled, and then stretched. 
“Good morning, surfer girl,” he said his voice gruff from sleep. “Sleep much?” 
 “No, but I didn’t cry, that’s something.” 
“Can we talk, surfer to surfer?” 
Kira put her glasses on and nodded. 
He smiled. “Damn you’re cute. You’re beautiful with them off and cute with them on.” 
She blushed. “As you were saying?”
“I don’t believe in ghosts, strictly speaking, but I had weird dreams, not my usual watery surfing dreams. Maybe this house is haunted,” he said facetiously. 
She whacked him with a pillow. “Don’t say that, I have to live here until it sells.”
“No you don’t.”
“Where else am I supposed to go? Heart broken and homeless sounds like a bad country song.”
“Not heart broken and not homeless. With me. I never want to be without you, babe.” He planted a kiss on her lips, and she kissed him back, a long, slow kiss that landed her at the first time she saw his dimpled smile, a kiss to make up for the last few months. 
“Are you sure you want to live with crazy ‘ole me?”
“Not crazy. Beautiful, intelligent, very organized,” he said, looking around. “Now I get what you were saying about the Boardroom. You are indeed Martha Stewart’s protégé.” 
“Yeah, well, that’s another story. I was born in an ashram, but grew up on a commune, and might have some control issues.” 
 “You couldn’t make this stuff up, could you?” he said astounded. “I hope the next story you have to tell is happy and has an us in it.”
“Now, that sounds perfect. I look forward to seeing how it turns out. But hey, I thought we were talking surfer to surfer?”
“We are,” he said, grinning widely.
“Well then, come on, we’d better get going.” Kira quickly washed up, slathered on sunscreen, and they drove to the beach, leaving behind the Mercedes. 

Chapter Twenty-Seven

In the late afternoon, after Ian’s last lesson, Kira waited at the Boardroom, indulging in a giant butterscotch-chip cookie from the café. Off the back deck, the sun made the sand burn golden in its light. Ian wrapped his arms around her, his wetsuit pulled down to his waist. 
“Wanna do something goofy?” he asked.
“Goofy?” She thought of the time he shoved her in the sand to determine her dominant foot. “As in goofyfoot?” 
He shook his head and then nodded, laughing.  
“Sorta. You know how I said I shape boards? I have a little project in mind. Come on I’ll show you one.” 
They returned to his cottage. Among the surfboards that lined his hall, he showed Kira a white one with flecks of gold that sparkled in the light. In large script, written along the underside were the words Golden State of Mind.
“This is amazing,” Kira said, impressed. 
“Just a hobby. Sorta. But I’ve been thinking of funny promos I could post on my website and Facebook, something to make my friends and customers laugh.” 
“I’m in,” Kira said curiously. 
He grabbed a trucker’s hat that had the word Golden State of Mind written in metallic gold letters. “You wear this,” he said, putting it on her head. “We’ll put your hair in pigtails, and then you’ll be magically transformed into Goldilocks. As in the three bears. Or in our case, the three boards.” 
Kira laughed; his plan so far was goofy. “But I have brown hair.”
“You’re golden,” he said, smiling. “I was thinking we’d get shots of you first trying out a board that’s too hard, then one that’s too soft, and then this one,” he tapped his board. “This one is just right.” 
“Hilarious,” she said, laughing some more.
“I thought of having Jamie do it, the blond hair, and all, but—” He scrunched up his nose. “You’re way hotter.” 
“There’s a gold bikini I saw a while ago at the shop. I’m not sure if they have my size or if it’s even still there, but that would look pretty good,” Kira suggested, consenting to be his model. 
Ian’s eyes lit up. “Let’s do it.”
Luckily, one gold bikini remained on the rack at the Boardroom, and Kira snatched it up. They gathered an old piece of driftwood that was the approximate size of a surfboard and dragged Ian’s mattress outside. He took shots of her unhappy with each of the two, too hard for the driftwood and too soft for the mattress, until she discovered the Golden State of Mind surfboard. It was just right. 
When Ian got the photos he wanted, they dusted the sand off his mattress and replaced it on the bed frame. As Kira turned to leave the bedroom, he pulled on one of the gold bikini top strings. As she felt it unravel, Ian pulled her into his arms. She let the top slip away as he kissed her bare chest. He ran his hands down her sides as she tossed his shirt to the floor. He pulled her toward him as they fell back on the bed, the heat building between their skin. 
She’d never felt so completely perfect with someone. It was just right. As their lips moved in-sync with one another, she felt an abundance of passionate desire and something else. Something her heart hinted at, but wasn’t ready to fully reveal.
That evening, Ian and Kira ate dinner at a restaurant right on the water, with flickering candles and the rush of waves on the breeze for background music. Afterward, they shared an ice cream as they walked along the beach. 
“Now what?” Kira asked absently.
“Now—” Ian started to say, and then paused to think. “We weigh options. You have work in the morning, right? We could stay here at my place, take a dawnie, and then I could bring you to your house to get your car. Would you be able to make it to your office in time? Or we could go back to your place, perform a séance, and drive the spooks away.” 
“Let’s try the first one,” Kira said, smiling inside and out. 
“Option one it is. But I have to admit I don’t have any of that fine lavender soap you had in your bathroom. Apologies.”
“Not to worry. I can make do with Ivory.” 
“Dr. Bronner’s,” Ian corrected.
“Hippie.” 
“I thought you were the one who grew up on the commune? My mom’s a dentist and my dad builds boats.” Their banter and laughter carried them all the way to the cottage.
“Ian, what I like about you, aside from your handsome good looks, your way with a surf board, your culinary abilities, the tidy home, and your sense of humor, is your honesty.” 
They stood on the back deck where their wetsuits dried on the railing. Clusters of stars winked at them in the sky.
“Well, in that case, I’m going to be very honest, can I take off your clothes?” 
“I thought you’d never ask.”
Kira sat down on a wooden lounge chair with a big soft cushion, and Ian knelt in front of her, slowly kissing her. He ran his fingers down her bare back, sending delightful shivers across her skin. She found his lips and melted into him. 
Kira unbuttoned his shorts and slid her hands along his thighs. He laid her down along the length of the chair, and she pushed her shorts off. The fresh air and Ian’s fingers ignited her body. They pressed up against one another, slowly and rhythmically, like the breath of the sea and the beat of a heart, coming together. It was sensual and true. Their afternoon kindled a fiery passion between them along with a connection deeper than Kira had ever known. 
Afterward, they lay together until they’d cooled off in the night air. Kira noticed a tattoo of an anchor emblazoned in ink upon Ian’s leg. He was like the anchor, solid, rooted, and purposeful. She took this symbol to represent qualities she wanted to cultivate in herself. Kira envisioned foundation and freedom, an anchor and wings. Looking back over the last few months, she saw both were possible. 
Kira slept soundly that night. They made love once more in the morning, just before dawn, the stars still hanging in the clear sky.
After they each caught a few waves right outside Ian’s cottage, he drove her to Lilac Court. Kira expected him to drop her off, but instead he followed her inside. When she started to cry, he took her hand and led her up to the bathroom so she could get ready for work. He leaned against the counter.
“Listen, I know you’re strong. You’re coming through this, you’ve come far, but I want you to know that I’m not going to take off and leave you here to get through this last difficult part alone. You have to take the steps to complete your healing, but I’m here for you, to hold your hand, catch you if you fall, or step back and let you handle things on your own. Whatever it is you need me to do, I’ll do it.” 
Kira pulled his face toward hers and kissed him hard on the lips as if to demonstrate how tough this was, but also how much his words and presence meant to her.  
When dressed and nearly ready, her teary eyes gave way to laughter. “No man has ever been in the bathroom with me while I do my routine,” she said, adding a flush of gloss to her lips. “You know my secrets.”
“I hope to know all of them,” he said with a wink.
“Do you have any?”
“None that are very interesting, I’m afraid.” He thought for a moment. “I ate a crayon in kindergarten.” 
Kira raised her eyebrows. 
“All the other kids were eating play dough, and I thought I’d be different or something. It was gross. I spit it out. But then the teacher saw, and I had to clean it up.” They both laughed. 
Kira finished up, grabbed her laptop, and they quickly exited the house. 
“Tonight?” he asked.
“Sure thing. 
“Maybe you can just bring some things to my house so you can skip the morning trauma.” 
“Good idea. Oh, wait. Yoga.”
“Yoga? Ian asked.
“I usually take a yoga class after work with a colleague. Dinner at seven? If you meet me in the city, I know a great Thai place.” 
“Thai, then clothes, then beach house. It’s a plan.”
 They kissed in the driveway and reluctantly parted. 
Kira called the real estate agency, realizing that a portion of her difficulty with parting with the house came down to a security. Growing up without a proper home, just a room shared with her family in a house with a bunch of strangers and no sense of rootedness, Kira believed the house on Lilac Court stood for finally getting a home of her own. Since, she’d learned love made a home complete. Although the custom colonial never knew that, letting go of the symbol of home was terrifying, but the nights there were worse. She hoped it sold quickly. 
Over a lunch of grilled portobello burgers with roasted red peppers and garlic aioli, Alice commented, “You seem chipper today.” 
Kira filled her in about Ian. She’d never mentioned Jamie because of Frank’s warning about the work and home separation policy, and of course, it was so soon after Jeremy’s death. Though maybe she didn’t say anything because her heart knew it was all lust. With Ian, there was no separation, and she said as much. He was already a part of her life and a part of her. 
“I put my house up for sale.”
“Really? That was your dream home.”
“Yes, past tense, when I thought my husband and I had a future there. Now it feels—” 
“Haunted?”
“Exactly.”
“Ghosts?”
“Of the past,” Kira said. 
The waiter brought more water and the conversation shifted. 
 “Did you hear about the merger?” Alice asked.
“Uh oh, usually that means layoffs.”
“Not this time. Henniker’s progressive,” she said as if on a TV expose. “Part of the deal is no layoffs. Instead, they want to send one senior partner and one junior from each company to the other. It’s a trade, to act as ambassadors during the transition. In that way, we will get to know each other’s policies and hopefully, make everything smoother. Maybe then they’ll cut the fat, we’ll see.”
“Where’s the other firm?” Kira said.
“Just about as far away from here as you can get and still be in the continental US. Maybe it would be a good opportunity for you to start over—San Francisco.”
“You’re joking. Ian winters in Sausalito, just over the bridge from San Fran.” Kira had to admit she’d wondered, or rather, feared, what would happen when he left for the season. 
“I was joking about the ghosts, but no, this is happening. You should’ve gotten the memo.” 
Quickly finishing her lunch, Kira rushed upstairs to her office and clicked through her emails. She printed out the application, her resume, and sprinted to Frank’s office. 
“Looks like your color’s returning,” he said with his practiced smile. 
Nearly out of breath, she handed him the papers.
“Ah, thinking about the west coast, huh? You’re not the only one. I already got a few apps in this morning.” He thumped his two forefingers on the short stack sitting on his desk. “Looks like no one wants the summer to end.” 
He had no idea. 
***
Kira and Ian met outside the Thai restaurant. She’d only ever seen him in baggies, t-shirts, sweatshirts, and of course, his wetsuit. He’d cleaned up nicely in a pair of dark jeans and a short-sleeved button down shirt. He still looked like a surfer, but a stylish one from a magazine spread. With his height, build, and good looks he was male model material; practically drooling, Kira knew she was hopelessly smitten.
As they took their seats at a small table by the window in the ambient restaurant, a big smile spread across Ian’s face. “This is real.” He gave her hand a squeeze and his eyes twinkled in the low light. It was and she’d never been happier. 
They ordered satay, pad Thai, curry, and an assortment of sides. Kira burst with the desire to tell him about the possibility of the job transfer to San Francisco. Then she suddenly worried that maybe things were moving too fast, or that she might scare him off. She stopped herself, opting to wait until she knew a little more, maybe until after her preliminary interview. 
Back at Lilac Court, they stood outside in the humid night air, delaying the inevitable entry. 
“I’m just going to grab some things. I’ll be quick. I can do this,” Kira said aloud by way of encouragement.
“You can,” Ian said confidently. 
Kira dashed into the house, but upon entering her bedroom, she crumbled. Ian held her in his arms until the crying subsided. 
“I can’t see. I lost a contact,” she wailed. 
Ian fetched her glasses from her purse. “You’re even pretty when you cry. What do you need? Let’s get it and get out of here before I start bawling too.” 
Kira smiled between sobs. With her clothing, cosmetics, toiletries, and an extra bathing suit packed, they left in separate cars, Kira insisting she could bring herself to and from work so long as she bypassed Lilac Court. 
As she backed out of the driveway, she felt like she was making a dramatic exit in the night, the kind on reality TV. What she would have told the lead character to do in the scenario Nicole had imagined all those months ago, but that was before she was brave, and before she knew who she was. Kira couldn’t fight the torment. The only solution was to leave and then perhaps the healing would be complete. She knew there were some things you fight and others you walk away from, and this was just one of those instances.
Entering Ian’s cottage was a completely different visceral experience. The salt air mixed with surf wax and a woody scent filled her lungs like a bellows, allowing her to breathe without crying. It was late and Kira and Ian fell into bed. As they snuggled under the sheet, she knew she’d found her way home. 

Chapter Twenty-Eight

The week passed in a wake, surf, work, anticipate-a-sunny-future, eat, and make love, pattern, relieving Kira of the old configuration involving near-constant tears. Like Frank had said, no one wanted the summer to end. Little by little, layers of her former-self peeled away to reveal someone shiny and new. She found herself having fun, laughing easily, and not worrying about getting every little thing perfect. At the end of the week, Kira also received notice that the application pool for the transfer had closed, and the candidates would receive notification about interviews on Monday. 
The following afternoon, Kira wandered into Ian’s study. On the wall, she gazed at a photo of him holding a Golden State surfboard. 
“That was my first,” he said. 
Framed next to this was a photograph of a houseboat with the same wood shingle siding common to the exterior of New England cottages, in fact, it looked a lot like a real house only its foundation was fluid, floating in glassy water. The trim was white and bursts of red potted geraniums dotted the deck. Kira wrapped her arms around Ian’s shoulders as he finished editing a document. 
He pressed save. “There, my work is done.” He swiveled in his chair and pulled Kira close. “Something on your mind?”
“Is this where you live in the winter?” she asked, pointing at the framed photo. 
“Yep. My grandfather built it, there were only a handful of houses docked there at the time, but now there are quite a few neighbors.”
“When exactly do you go?” she asked curiously, trying to conceal her growing uncertainty about what was to become of their relationship. 
“Whenever I want. Whenever I get cold or bored, or the surf there is better than here.” He paused and took Kira’s hands in his. “We’ll get it figured out.” He paused, fully taking in Kira’s expression. “I guess we have to talk about this sometime.”
“I don’t want to be presumptive,” Kira said shyly. “But I guess I want to know how we, or I, figure into your plans?” 
“You, we, are my plans. I’ve been thinking a lot about this too and there’s nowhere I’d rather be than with you, babe. I’ve been single for a while and being bicoastal was what worked really well. But it isn’t the only option.” Ian ran his fingers through her hair. “One idea I had was maybe you could work from home for a couple weeks at a time and then we can fly back. Check in at the office, spend a few weeks here, and then hit the Pacific again,” he said with a surfer’s gleam in his eye. 
Kira wasn’t sure if this was the right time to tell him about the potential transfer. She didn’t know if she’d move ahead after the first round of interviews, and she didn’t want to get his, or her own, hopes up. However, she’d promised to base her life and the relationship on pure honesty. She cleared her throat. “A job opportunity came up in San Francisco. My company merged with another, and there’s a transfer opportunity. I applied.” 
Ian lit up. “Really? That’s super! I’ve been thinking about just staying, but this is great. The boat is my grandfather’s legacy, something I’d love for you to see, and I know you don’t have any more vacation time, but maybe it’ll all work out,” Ian said with excitement.
“There are a lot of other applicants. A lot of ifs.”
“Maybe it’s just meant to be. I mean, what are the chances of all the places in the world and the new job is right on my doorstep.” With the conversation broached, Ian went on to tell Kira about Sausalito and the boat, softening her concerns.
***
Back to work on Monday, Kira learned, along with five other candidates that she was to move forward in the transfer application process. The realtor called on Tuesday to say she had several showings already scheduled. Relieved, Kira hoped she never had to step foot in the house on Lilac Court again. Her life improved dramatically without hours spent crying. 
A couple days later, Kira woke up jittery because the preliminary interview, that day, would determine her and Ian’s future. 
It drizzled, but Ian suggested they still surf. “Rain or shine, babe. Well, not downpour, but you’re wet already once you’re in, so who cares if water is falling out of the sky too. Come on, it’ll settle your nerves.” 
In the early dawn light, they made their way out into the waves. They were bigger and wilder than usual on that stretch of coast, which wasn’t making Kira any more relaxed. She preferred days when she could see clear out to the horizon. The water resembled slate and the whitewater churned fiercely. 
Kira caught the first wave that rose and then peeled nicely, gliding along the surface. Instantly, her shoulders relaxed a notch, her neck unkinked, and the knot in her stomach dissipated. 
As she paddled back out to the launch spot, she watched Ian sail along the face of a wave, cut back, and do a couple tricks on his short board. She could only imagine him when the waves were really going off out west. He was completely at home in the water. 
She sat up on her board to watch over her shoulder for the next set. The water roared, and the wind howled—the ocean was not in a good mood. Kira angled into position. Ian was in the distance, beginning his paddle back. When she looked over her shoulder, the wave was on top of her, thrusting her under. 
The leash tugged on Kira’s leg, connected to the board somewhere on the surface, but the water pounded overhead, and she couldn’t make it up. As she continued to hold her breath, her chest felt like exploding. She risked opening her eyes hoping to figure out which way was up, but lost her contacts. Kira arched backward and grabbed the leash wrapped around her ankle. Hand over fist, she followed it to the board, bursting to the surface and gasping for breath, but another wave crashed down and held her under. 
Kira was in the impact zone, a dangerous place where the breaking waves acted like a washing machine and just rolled one into the next with little break in between. Just when she was sure she couldn’t hold her breath any longer, strong hands pulled her upward. Ian held her fast as he fought his way into the shallows, and they both crawled onto the sand. Kira sputtered. Water streamed out of her nose. She pulled seaweed out of her hair, but more than anything she was awash with gratitude that they were both safe. 
“Are you okay?” Ian asked hoarsely. 
“Yeah, I think so,” Kira said, assessing to make sure she still had all her limbs and there weren’t any cuts in her wet suit. 
“You?” she asked. 
Ian nodded. 
“Thanks for rescuing me.” Kira recalled their first times out on the water together. 
He lay on his back taking a deep breath, and then propped himself up on his elbows.
“Always,” he said meaningfully and leaned over to give Kira a kiss, brushing a strand of seaweed off her shoulder. “It got heavy out there pretty quick. That’s the ocean though. She gave you a good ride and then took the wind out of you. Like life, sometimes you’re up and sometimes you’re down. I’m sorry. Next time we’ll spend more time reading the waves before we go out.”
“Crap, work,” Kira said, tripping over her leash as she tried to stand up. Hefting their boards, they hustled back up to the cottage having drifted a ways down the beach. Very quickly, Kira cleaned up, dressed, and rushed to the door.
“Good luck,” Ian said, kissing her as she dashed to her car. 
Once at work, still shaken up from the near drowning experience, combined with the nerves about the interview, Alice noticed Kira was off kilter. “Stressed?”
“To say the least,” Kira answered. 
“I put in a good word with Frank. If he had any reservations about your commitment, you know, based on your absence a while back, he doesn’t now. He’ll vouch for you, I’m sure of it.”
“Thanks Nicole, you have no idea how much this means to me.”
“Any word on the house?”
“No. Fingers crossed for two pieces of good news this week. Good bye Lilac Court, hello San Francisco.” 
The interview went smoothly, whatever Nicole said to Frank worked in Kira’s favor. He aimed his questions at the strengths she had and no one brought up the stretch of time off.
By the end of the following week, Kira still had no word from the realtor, but she received notice she was moving ahead in the interview process. She’d be participating in a live interview via video conference the following week with some of the partners from the San Francisco agency. 
Kira and Ian celebrated over a sumptuous dinner of grilled pizza with fresh herbs and mozzarella along with a giant salad.
The nights slowly got cooler, indicating autumn would soon be on its way. Kira pulled her sweater more closely around her, catching herself falling out of the moment, and worrying about what life would be like without Ian’s company, if she didn’t get the job. 
“Babe?” he said. 
“Worried,” she answered, her forehead creasing.
“About?”
“Us.” 
Ian shook his head and pulled her close as they sat on his back deck enjoying a fire in an outdoor clay chiminea. “Hang on. I know just what you need.” He went in the house and returned with a bag of marshmallows, a bar of chocolate, and graham crackers. “S’mores. You just need S'mores.”
“S’more of you,” Kira said, laughing and weaving her arms around him. 
He put a marshmallow on a stick and held it just above the fire, patiently letting it toast. Once assembled, she took a huge gooey bite and then offered him one. He got white marshmallow all over the short brown whiskers of his unshaven face.
“I think you need to shave,” she said. 
“Saving it for later,” he said. licking his lips with a grin. “You don’t like my five o’clock shadow?”
“I love your five o’clock shadow. It’s just not conducive to eating marshmallow.” 
Then she nibbled his face and brought her lips to his. Then they were in the bedroom, then naked, and all Kira’s thoughts of the future slipped away. Their lovemaking pulled her right into the present, the salty smell of his skin, the smoke from the fire in his hair, the push of his hips against hers, their legs in a tangle. Everything felt perfect. 
Kira carried this serenity with her into the week, and was pleased to get an offer on the house. She immediately called Ian to tell him the good news. 
“I feel free already.”
“We still have to get your stuff,” he reminded her.
“I decided to sell it furnished. What was left anyway. Everything was brand new and truly, I don’t want any of it. It’s tainted.” 
“But your clothing, photos, books, and all of that. How about we go next weekend and clean it out. We’ll take both your car and my truck so we only have to go once.”  
Kira had been sleeping peacefully; the sea air and the lapping of the waves outside the window were like a lullaby, not to mention Ian’s melodies on his guitar and quiet singing. She woke, well rested, on the morning of the live interview, the sun shining bright. 
Clanging echoed from the kitchen. Kira discovered Ian had prepared her French toast, fresh fruit, and coffee. 
“I figured we’d mix it up this week. Skip the surfing so there’s no risk of drowning just before you have a big interview,” he said, trying to make light of their close call. “How about a twilight surf, this evening, to celebrate?” 
With the reminder of the interview, Kira slouched in her chair at the table.
“If I move forward.” In the past, Kira was headstrong, self-assured, and marched right out to get what she wanted, but the months of uncertainty in her life stifled her confidence in the work arena.
“I’d place my chances with you,” Ian said as Kira dug into her breakfast. 

Chapter Twenty-Nine

For Kira’s second interview, Frank and the other two staffers from the first one sat at the table in the conference room. The images of the partners, from the agency in San Francisco, appeared on a large screen in front of them. Kira answered their questions skillfully. She sailed smoothly along, in the flow of business dialog. 
“Tell us about this absence last spring,” said the man in a navy suit and grey tie, his bland face appearing broadly across the screen.
“It was a period of bereavement,” Kira stuttered, stealing a sideways glance at Frank.
“We’re sorry to hear that, but typically one week is offered, this looks like you took a bit longer.”
“I telecommuted after the second week.” Slam, she went under.
“With an extended period. Right. And vacation time shortly after. We need someone with a strong commitment, this just doesn’t reflect that.” 
The words crushed Kira, but then she thought of her future with Ian. 
“If I’m selected I assure you, I will offer one-hundred percent.”
“Thank you Ms.” The man hesitated. “Is it Annandale or Speranza? I know an Annandale. He’s a lawyer, we went to—” 
Kira’s eyes moistened, and she stopped listening. “Not Annandale. Summer Kira Speranza,” she said, the confidence of her own voice banishing her tears. She wondered if this was what she really wanted to be doing. 
For the rest of the day, the interview replayed in her mind, distracting her on calls and in yoga. She couldn’t shake disappointment and fear about what would become of her and Ian. Then somewhere around backbends, Kira bucked up. She reminded herself it’s business. It’s cutthroat and brutal. There’s no place for sensitivity. She gave herself a pep talk. All the same, Kira doubted she got the job. 
As she pulled onto Ian’s road, she relaxed in anticipation of his embrace. Just then, her cell phone jingled. Frank’s name appeared on the screen. 
“Sorry kid, you’ve been cut from the pool. We all understood your absence, but the other candidates have been with us right along. Sorry,” he said in a rare moment of sympathy and kindness. 
After she hung up, a familiar black Toyota Supra charged past, sending a loose pebble flying at the windshield and splintering the glass. Kira stiffened, and then just as quickly crumbled. With anger and anguish, she wondered why Vanessa had been at Ian’s house. 
When she pulled into the driveway, Kira sat in the Mercedes processing the call, the disappointment, and Vanessa’s presence as she gazed through the cracked glass of the windshield. Her phone rang again, the real estate agent this time.
“Kira, good news, the buyer is in and we’re moving forward. I’ll fax the papers to you in the morning, and we’ll have things wrapped soon. In the meantime, we should talk about a new place,” said the agent. 
Unfortunately, her new place would be on the east and not the west coast, she thought dismally. 
“I’ll be in touch tomorrow after I sign and return everything.” After hanging up, Kira muttered, “When it rains it pours.” 
Ian came out of the house smiling widely, and then noticed the windshield. It felt good to come home to him. He was so different from Jeremy or Jamie. He brought excitement, warmth, comfort, and passion all rolled into one. But an old saying scrolled through her mind, Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. Kira feared she was being a fool for the third time. The idea of Ian cheating on her with Vanessa cut to her heart cruelly, but she just wouldn’t stand for it, no way, she was far too precious.
“Are you alright? What happened?” Ian asked with concern, appearing at the driver’s side window.
“Vanessa happened.” 
Ian raised an eyebrow. “What do you mean? She broke your windshield?”
“You tell me. She barreled down your road, a rock flew at me, and it cracked. Why was she here?”
“I think she’s dating the guy that lives over there,” he said, pointing at a vinyl sided house with a Camaro up on blocks in the driveway and a couple surfboards leaning, neglected, against the shed. Ian opened the door and reached over to unbuckle Kira’s seatbelt. He swiveled her knees so she faced him. “I know what you’re thinking. That’s like asking a guy if he wants a grilled steak or a TV dinner.”
“But you’re a vegetarian.” 
Ian laughed. 
“You know what I mean. I promise myself to you. Only you, always.” He sealed his words with a kiss. “Oh, speaking of dinner, it awaits.” 
Over a meal of grilled veggies and rice, Kira told him about the interview and the hailstorm of events that happened as she pulled onto his road.
“No wonder you were upset. But come on, I’ve got the perfect thing. The tide’s changing and the breeze is offshore. No crazy waves. Have a look,” he said, leading her to the water.
They suited up and surfed, the setting sun sinking behind the houses and trees as they carved through the waves. 
That night, Kira’s mellow from surfing wore away, leaving her distressed again. “What happens to us?” she asked as if the dark bedroom hid the answer. “After the conversation about commitment at the interview, telecommuting is unlikely to be approved. Frank is one thing, but the others? I just don’t see how it’ll work.”
“You know how we’ve discussed honesty as the foundation of this relationship? Well, she has a twin called trust. For now, until we know for sure, let’s just trust that everything is going to work out.” 
With that, Kira fell into fitful sleep, but sleep nonetheless.
Kira avoided Frank the next day, because for the first time since she was a child, she felt helpless and at the mercy of others. She didn’t want to be without Ian, but she didn’t see a solution that would satisfy his bicoastal lifestyle. She hoped that maybe he’d stay, but didn’t want to hold him back. 
That morning she’d left the Mercedes in Ian’s driveway so the repair truck could fix the windshield, and drove Ian’s truck to work, half hoping Frank saw her vehicle, took pity on her, and changed his mind. On her way back, she called Nicole hoping for comforting advice.
“How’s my favorite belly?” Kira asked.
“Getting bigger.” Nicole laughed. 
“I can’t wait to give you and your baby belly a hug.” 
“Only you though, I had a woman approach me on the subway the other day, she just put her hand on it like I was wearing a sign that said ‘please, put your grubby hands all over my pregnant stomach.’ Nuh uh. Keep off is more like it. Some nerve. But then again, it’s pretty huge. It should have its own postal code. I’ll text a picture.” 
Kira laughed at the image. “I have someone I’d like you to meet, any plans to come north soon?”
“Work has me swamped. They’re sticking it to the pregnant lady, knowing I’m going off the grid pretty soon.” 
“We’ll visit you, maybe in a few weeks?” Kira went on to tell her how serious things had gotten with Ian and the problem she faced with work. 
“Kira, I thought you were a business professional. Creative marketing, advertising, handling the exchange of large sums of money.”
“Yeah.” 
“Doesn’t that mean you went to college?”
“Yes.”
“So you must be somewhat intelligent?”
“Nicole!” Kira said exasperated. 
“You’re practically a millionaire, Kira. What about Jeremy’s money? Technically, you don’t have to work. Ever. Again.” 
Kira veered into the breakdown lane and abruptly stopped, stunned beyond words. Along with Jeremy’s things, his house and the memories, she’d put the money right out of her mind. She was quiet.
“Are you there?” Nicole asked.
“I’m questioning my intelligence.” 
Nicole laughed. 
“Laugh away. I forgot about it. Seriously. But I’m still not sure how I feel about it. The money feels dirty to me.”
“If it helps with your transition to a new life, in my opinion, that is the least Jeremy could do for you. If you never want to work again, camp out on a beach somewhere, and surf for the rest of your life, you could probably get by. Although, you do have expensive taste. The point is, just get over it.” She paused. “I want you to know July, Nate, and I will really miss you if you’re across the country.” 
Kira took a deep breath and maneuvered back onto into traffic, having made her decision. “I expect to return for summers.”
“The things we do for love.” Nicole sighed. “Especially next summer, there might be wedding bells,” Nicole hinted.
“Did Nate propose?”
“I haven’t said no yet.”
They chatted for a few minutes until Kira pulled off the highway toward the shore. 
Instead of continuing to Ian’s, she stopped in the parking lot by the beach, pulling into her old spot by the wall. 
She watched the waves and a few black figures out in the surf. The sun melted behind her and cast vermillion sparkles into the sea like millions of little jewels. Kira recalled her first time there, how stark she felt, cast adrift in her life. She had no idea that day would lead her right back to exactly where she was meant to be. 
“Thank you,” Kira said to the ocean, the powers-that-be, and to herself for finding strength and a path forward.
Rumbling onto Ian’s street, Kira recalled the incident with Vanessa and her insecurity. What he said about trusting that everything was going to work out also meant trusting him in their relationship. As if to confirm, Kira spotted the Toyota Supra parked in the driveway of the house he’d pointed out. She breathed a sigh of relief and then laughed; if he’d been cheating, she was going to have to sign herself up for a daytime talk show with the hook line, “Woman desires men who betray.” Alternatively, she could just become a contestant on the bachelorette and be done with it. Kira brushed off these thoughts as she breezed into the cottage, aglow. 
Ian popped out of his study. “Good news?” he asked smiling.
“Yes and no.” 
“I didn’t get the job.” She shrugged. “I guess it just wasn’t meant to be.” 
Ian pulled her into a conciliatory hug and then she pulled away with a big smile. 
His forehead wrinkled in confusion. “You seem happy about that.” 
“Before I tell you the good news, you have to promise you won’t think less of me,” Kira said, taking a seat on the couch.
“Promise. But I already know about lame-o-ex-husband, the hippie parents, and how they caused you to have some control issues, what else haven’t you told me? Do you actually have three heads concealed in all that hair?” He pulled Kira toward him, tickling her. 
She giggled and then spluttered, “I’m sort of a thousandaire.” 
His mouth dropped open. “So all this fuss about getting the job transfer was because—wait, I know, you like to punish yourself?” he joked.
“Well, no, this was why I didn’t want you to think less of me. I kinda forgot about it.”
“Don’t check your bank balance much?”
“It’s in a separate account, but the thing is, it was, Jeremy’s money. He left a large sum plus investments, a life insurance policy, then the sale of the condominium and the house. I gave some to Courtney, the woman who was in the accident with him, for their unborn child.”
“The plot gets thicker. But that was good of you,” Ian said, slowly processing the new info. “So you can use the rest of the money in good conscience, compensation for the damage done to your emotional health, and a ticket to financial freedom.” A smirk spread across his face. “Will you be my sugar mama?” he asked, ready for her retaliation.
“Ha, wouldn’t you like that,” she said, pulling his hat down over his eyes.
“How about a new board,” Ian joked.
“You have like a dozen and you make them!” she said, clobbering him as they fell onto the couch.
“Baker’s dozen would be nice. You can never have too many.”
“We’ll see. But this doesn’t change the way you think about me does it? Sometimes money in any relationship can make things weird. To be honest, I don’t even know what I think of it.”
“I trust that you’ll spend smart. If a gold plated toilet or something equally ridiculous is delivered to the doorstep or you want a diamond encrusted grill for your front teeth, we’ll have a chat.” Ian got up and closed the two windows facing the ocean. “It’s starting to get chilly here. Cool nights then cool days. Does this mean we’re heading west?” he asked hopefully.
“Yes, but not in your rusty old truck.”
“What’s wrong with my truck?”
“You need new brakes. And a muffler and windshield wipers.” 
“Whatever you say, babe.” Ian guided Kira into the bedroom. She unbuttoned his shirt. He drew hers up over her head. Their lips met. A familiar Bob Marley song played softly from the speakers in Ian’s study. Upon hearing it, the rolling of the waves in the background and her own two feet rooted to the earth, Kira knew something she’d never known before. Maybe it was because of the last six months of upheaval in her life, maturity, or maybe wisdom came with freedom, honesty, and trust, but as they fell into the bed, Kira knew that truly everything was going to be all right.

Chapter Thirty

As Kira rode her wave of excitement mixed with relief, much of the month coasted by. When she gave her notice at work, Alice was disappointed to lose her yoga partner. However, as part of the hiring committee, she made sure the candidates were hot, so she had flirting and late nights working with the new hire to look forward to. 
 “So when do we leave?” Ian asked when they returned to the cottage after gathering up the last of Kira’s things. He prepared them a romantic candle-lit dinner. 
“Whenever we want,” Kira said, pouring them each a glass of wine. 
“Looks like rain for the next week, there’s a tropical storm coming up the coast. If we can outlast the wet and the grey, there might be some good waves behind it. Tempting.” 
Ian hugged Kira from behind. She smiled at the fact that nothing could subdue a surfer’s quest for waves. “I’m wherever you are,” she said. Once she’d gotten out from under the house on Lilac Court and had sorted out her finances, she no longer felt an urgency to leave right away. “There’s just the closing and then I’m free.” 
As the first few rainy days passed, Ian and Kira planned a route west. She had a couple guidebooks and the internet to help direct her to some sights of interest, but left much up to spontaneity. Their first stop was Connecticut to visit Kira’s sister, followed by New York City to see Nicole and Nate, and then they’d head south through the Smoky Mountains, west to the Rockies, and up to Yellowstone before arriving in California. 
Kira reasoned if she was going to be a mermaid and live on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, she’d better see what was in the middle, and capture some images with her camera while she was at it. Without a job to consume her time, Kira focused on photography, growing eager to play with light and perspective as they traveled west. 
She sat on the couch, flipping through a photography magazine when Ian came through the front door, rainwater dripping off him like he’d just come out of the ocean. 
“Yikes. I’ll grab you a towel.” Kira scooted to the bathroom. 
“I hear the tropical storm has turned into a hurricane and is coming our way. Man, it’s wicked out there,” Ian called. 
This news had her worrying, but the way he said it had her wondering. Surfers, their storms, and the resulting waves were a curious sort. Her instinct was to head to higher, if not drier, ground. “Is that good or bad?” Kira asked as she passed him the towel.
“Good for surfing I suppose, but bad for everything else.” 
Kira opened the laptop and found the weather site with a video report. A man in a yellow raincoat stood in the center of the screen as wind and rain pelted him in a way that desperately, though illogically, made Kira want to shout at him to seek shelter. The trees tossed back and forth violently in the background. 
“Jim Rosedale here, coming to you live from Charleston. As you can plainly see, we have surpassed tropical storm conditions. I just got word that Hurricane Percy is now a cat 3. Typically as these systems move north, they decrease in intensity, but Percy seems to be defying our projections. The other concern is a low-pressure system moving south from Canada. If these two collide, the result could be dire.” 
Another video came on immediately after, a report from a local station. A woman with a light blonde coif and lipstick a shade too red announced that cities and towns south of them preemptively declared a state of emergency. She recommended people in low lying or coastal areas evacuate. Kira closed the laptop. 
“Sounds like a super storm.”
“Should we go?” she asked. 
“West? We could. But there’s the closing,” Ian said.
“Jeremy just won’t let me go,” she said dismally. “I have to be there if for no other reason than to have closure. I already tried and failed to move the date up.”  
“We’ll stick around then. Don’t worry, it’ll be okay,” Ian answered, pulling Kira into a comforting hug.  
They kept watch over the weather, while doing their part to help clear store shelves of bottles of water, flashlights and batteries, food, and other provisions. Ian put a piece of plywood over the stained glass mermaid on the door. Along with everyone in the neighborhood, they battened down the hatches taking everything in doors. It was surreal as they watched storefronts close and people retreat to their homes, tucked behind darkened windows leaving an eerie stillness in their wake as the rain drove down. 
“Now we wait.” The wind and waves roared as if engaging in battle. “Neptune’s angry,” Ian joked. 
The ferocity of the ocean was something Kira had never witnessed, having avoided it for most of her life. As the waves crested at high tide, she feared they’d sweep the cottage away. 
Ian didn’t seem overly concerned, he just watched as if a spectator at an unusual event. “This house has seen worse, trust me.” 
The glass windowpanes rattled as branches and leaves rocketed by, scraping against the shingles. Everything was grey, grey, grey. 
“This is the ocean I’ve always feared,” Kira said quietly. 
“Percy’s fierce, but it’ll blow out soon enough. You’ll see.” 
Then the lights flickered and in a blink, the electricity went out. Kira bundled several blankets around her. Ian built a fire in the small woodstove that sat in the corner of the kitchen, and then joined her on the couch. They played cards in the dim light. As the battleship grey skies darkened, drawing night in, they lit a lantern, and Kira brought out sandwiches she’d prepared earlier along with a bag of chips. She picked at her bread crusts.
“Nervous?” Ian asked. 
“Very.”
“We’ll be okay.” 
However, Kira’s nervousness had less to do with the storm itself and more to do with what her anxious mind told her it signified. She worried that somehow, from beyond the grave, Jeremy cursed her for running away with his money and another man. 
Ian scooted closer to Kira on the couch. “You can’t let this doom and gloom get to you. You’re going to sign those papers and we’ll be out of here and into the sunshine.” 
Sometimes it really was as if he could read her thoughts. 
Ian picked up his acoustic guitar from the corner and strummed. He settled on a few chords and then cleared his throat. Kira snuggled closer. The song Ian played reminded her of sun and sand, the salt and the sea. It felt like waking up to a new day and a lullaby. When the final notes rang out, Kira smiled wide, her eyes sleepy. “That was beautiful.”
“I wrote that when I thought I’d lost you. I was sad, but everything about you made me happy.”
“And now you’ve got me.” 
Their lips met. 
“Tired?” Ian asked a few minutes later.
Kira nodded. 
They couldn’t see the seas raging in the blackened sky, but the wind had picked up and was deafening as they crawled into bed. 
“Do you have any earplugs?” Kira asked.
“Actually, I do have something, hang on.” He rummaged in a closet by the door. Returning moments later, he rubbed a clay-like thick substance between his fingers. “Earwax.”
“Huh?” Kira asked. 
Ian laughed. “It’s for surfing in cold water. You put it in your ears to prevent surfer’s ear, damage to your eardrums. I’m softening it. Don’t worry, its unused.” 
Kira plugged her ears, muting the roar of the wind. Soon, her awareness fell in time with her breath. Ian held her close, and she drifted to sleep. 
Kira dreamed of Jeremy following her through an endlessly rainy night. She couldn’t see him, but felt him close behind her, then she’d get ahead and he’d fall behind. Then he’d gain on her again. She was always out of his reach. Nonetheless, his presence, even if no longer in her waking life, filled her dreams with dread. 
When Kira woke up, the rain was still falling, but the wind had weakened. If she remembered correctly, the tide would mercifully be out. Kira tilted Ian’s arm and read his watch. It was just after nine a.m. “We slept in,” she mumbled groggily. 
“I guess so.” 
Pulling the wax from her ears, Kira peered through the curtains to the ravaged beach, eroded sand, and debris strewn along the shore. Ian joined her with the blanket hanging over his shoulders and draped it across hers.
“I think Percy did his worst, but has moved on,” he said. 
She couldn’t imagine what the town looked like. 
They were without power for over forty-eight hours as it continued to rain then tapered off to a sprinkle. From the reports, they were actually lucky. Flooding, power-outages, and destruction caused by the wind had left millions in compromised circumstances. 
Ian and some friends surfed, but it was too cold for Kira so she watched and improved her photography skills with her favorite subjects: Ian and the ocean.
After not being able to get through to the real estate agent for almost a week because of the storm, Kira finally received a call.
“I’m sorry, we have to postpone. The house sustained some damage from a fallen tree. Nothing major. But it’ll need to be repaired.” 
Ian rallied for her. “Let’s get it done,” he said determinedly. He called to get someone to do the repairs, but because there was so much devastation, work crews were busy for weeks. Because of the delay, they also had to postpone their trip west and reroute their journey because of weather conditions in some of the mountainous areas. 
“Why can’t this just end?” she said, feeling thwarted and suddenly desperate to leave again. She didn’t feel free. She felt helpless and beholden, just as she had so many months ago.  
Another week passed. Ian found a carpenter, thanks to a friend of a friend scenario, and the closing was set for the latter half of the month. The end was in sight, Kira thought hopefully. In the meantime, she helped friends and neighbors recover from the storm. 
Slowly life returned to normal in the wake of the devastation, but Kira struggled with frustration, disappointment, and an aching desire to get on with her life. She felt pulled back into the slump she’d experienced so many months prior.
Then one sunny day, as she and Ian took a stroll along the beach, she realized what bothered her wasn’t Jeremy or sadness and loss at all.
“Impatience and trying to control everything,” she said.
“Huh?”
 “That’s what’s bothering me. I snap out of my present experience when I think about the past or future. I’m not patient with time or letting things unfold. It’s not to say I ought to let things just happen, but there’s a skill required to discern between the two.”
“I think you’re on to something,” Ian said. “Let it flow.”
They continued their walk, Kira keenly aware of each footfall, wave, and breath as she stopped dwelling on the past and analyzing and planning the future.   

Chapter Thirty-One

Finally, after exercising utmost patience, Ian and Kira packed the Mercedes, boards and all. They left the truck behind for repairs the following summer. 
After signing the closing documents for the house on Lilac Court, with great flourish, Kira realized having the satisfaction of doing it in person was worth enduring the storm and the waiting game. She said farewell to the bad memories, the strife, and the heartbreak as they departed, and she let each new moment unfold. 
When they pulled up to Victorian in Connecticut, later that afternoon, Winter's little ones clung to her skirt while she held the baby in her arms. “Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes? You look a heck of a lot better than the last time I saw you. The bags under your eyes are gone. That means you’re sleeping. But you have a new boyfriend so things can’t be great if you’re getting that much rest.” 
Kira shook her head. “Thanks. And you don’t look as fat as you did last time I saw you.” 
Winter pursed her lips. “Post-partum and Girl Scout cookies are a dangerous thing.”
“Honesty. Can’t take it, don’t dish it,” Kira said.
“You don’t have to be mean.”
“And you shouldn’t be teaching your kids to speak that way to their siblings,” Kira said with a laugh. 
With her free arm, Winter pulled Kira into a hug. 
“I missed you, Summer. Glad to have you back.” 
With their teasing out of the way and the hug acting like a release valve for the children, one of them tugged on Kira’s arm. “Auntie Summer, come look at our swing set.”
“Yeah, push me first, please.” 
Kira skipped with them toward the backyard. 
Ian, hands in his pockets, followed, but Winter headed him off. Kira slowed her pace to eavesdrop.
“Now, I’m only going to tell you this once, I may be ample, have nearly a half dozen children, but I’ve pushed most of them out myself, all natural, so I’m a tough chick. Don’t you go messing with my sister’s heart. You hear me?” 
Kira continued walking, and they fell out of earshot. She felt sure with or without Winter’s warning, Ian would be good to her.
After a night in the crowded house, followed by a non-traditional Thanksgiving fiesta, with Ian making enchiladas, quesadillas, and guacamole for everyone, they stayed for one more day then got on the road to venture farther south to see Nicole and Nate. 
“So, Summer—” Ian started. 
She knew what was coming. “Yes, my name is Summer. Hippie parents remember. Born on the solstice and all that. Winter, the same only, duh, winter.”
“That accounts for her harsh demeanor,” he said, joking. “I wasn’t going to give you a hard time. But I thought you’d told me everything.”
“Well not everything. Where would the fun in that be?”
“Can I call you Summer?”
“If you wish,” Kira replied with a wink and a grin. 
Once in New York, Nicole instantly adored Ian. To the delight of the best friends, the guys also hit it off. Nicole was due in another month; Kira promised to fly out when Nate’s paternity leave ended to help cook, clean, and take care of Nicole and baby July. 
After a few days, Kira and Ian left Manhattan, with the surfboards snug in their socks, strapped to the roof, and the back of the Mercedes loaded with clothing, computers, and Kira’s camera equipment. 
With the open road before them, Kira made a sound like, “Ohhhh.”
“Hmm?” Ian said, keeping an eye on the traffic. 
Inside, there was a sudden lightening of the baggage she carried from her disappointing childhood; a release of the heartbreak and anger caused by Jeremy. Space opened in her chest. From there, a single word, capturing everything she felt about Ian brightened. He interlaced his fingers in hers. 
“I think I just let go, fully, completely,” she said softly, a final tear evaporating as it edged its way out of the corner of her eye. 
Like the hurricane, after it gave her its worst and she lived through it, it was gone. Poof. The dissatisfaction she’d had with herself, for trying to mold into little miss perfect, along with the illusion of the perfect marriage dried up and vanished. 
The troublesome ways she ignored her own inner truths and knowing, her dismay for falling to pieces every time she was in the house on Lilac Court, all of those emotions, in that single tear were gone. It all peeled away and in the center, she discovered the beautiful, shining gem of truth. 
“It’s done,” Kira said with finality. She let out a deep breath. She’d let go and moved toward freedom.
They filled the trip across the vast expanse of the US with hiking and sightseeing, taking loads of photos of just about everything, made love in every state they crossed, and camped. However, after Kira found hairy, giant spiders in the cabin, she reinstated her no camping policy. She couldn’t expect to change everything about herself. 
“Next time, no camping and no road food,” Kira said, crumpling an empty bag of fries, her stomach queasy.
Somewhere around New Mexico, Kira decided she’d submit some of her prints to a gallery when they’d settled in California. They also discussed the possibility of opening a surf shop of their own. 
“Let’s call it Live Free and Surf,” Kira suggested, thinking fondly of Jamie, no longer harboring resentment. “You could sell your boards and there’d be a café. I don’t think I can live without the Boardroom’s muffins and cookies, we’ll have to get the recipes, along with the usual surf gear.” 
They bounced ideas off each other as they traveled. 
“We’ll offer surf lessons and leave the organizing and decorating to you,” Ian said. 
 As uncounted miles passed beneath their tires, they brainstormed loads of possibilities for the shop. With Kira’s business acumen and generous bank account, she seriously considered pursuing it. But for the time being, simply being with Ian was enough. 
They crossed into California on a sunny afternoon. Starving, but still with a distance to travel and in the middle of nowhere, they pulled into what Kira vowed would the last fast food stop, ever.
“Next time we go across, we’re picnicking, stopping at farm stands, food coops, anything but this,” Kira said in protest at the smell of fry oil. 
However, they wanted to make it to the coast before it got dark, so they reluctantly pulled into the drive-thru. Ian rolled down the window and placed the order while Kira daydreamed out the window, gazing at a rolling field just beyond the parking lot. Geese peppered the long, tawny grass. She grabbed her camera and angled to get them in the frame, but something moved in a discarded box next to the dumpster. 
Ian paid for the bag of food and started to pull away.
“Wait, hang on,” she said. “Pull over there. I just want to see something.” Kira got out and cautiously approached the dumpster. A tuft of dark brown fur flashed out of the box. Then a paw clawed at the edge. She peered in. A small brown puppy, all alone, scratched at the sides, trying to get out. 
Ian appeared. 
 “Someone must have left it here. How terrible,” Kira said as he looked around to see if there were any more puppies. 
“What are you doing?” he asked when Kira started taking photos.
“Taking a picture.”
“Lost puppy signs?”
Kira shook her head as both she and the dog looked at him. Their brown eyes must have worked their magic. “A baby book?” Kira suggested.
“Really?” Ian asked. 
“Please?”
He bent over and picked the puppy up. Kira snapped another shot of him cuddling her to his chest.
“Oh, you’re smelly,” he said, affectionately rubbing her ears as Kira clicked away. 
Kira went inside and asked the kid behind the counter if he knew anything about a puppy by the dumpster, but he looked at her blankly. No one else had a clue. 
“She’s ours,” Kira, cheerfully announced when she returned to the car. She pulled a towel from one of the bags in the back and wrapped the puppy up in it. “What will we call her?”
“Let’s avoid any fast food connotations,” Ian said, his stomach rumbling in distress. He pulled out of the lot, back to the highway. 
 “How about Jewel?” Kira suggested, recalling the glittering sun dancing on the waves back home. 
He tilted his head and nodded. “I like it. Jewel it is,” Ian said, agreeing.
When they finally pulled into Sausalito, the streetlights popped on. The houseboat, docked along with others, awaited them in the marina below the parking area. From where Kira stood, they looked like small houses backed right up to the ocean, the docks running like footpaths between them. Christmas lights sparkled on the water as she held Jewel close, Ian leading the way. 
“Here we are. Home sweet home.” Ian took Jewel from Kira’s arms and put her inside. “I’m not sure what you think of the whole threshold thing, or marriage for that matter, but I’d love to pick you up and carry you over. But I don’t think that’s our style. So I thought we could just walk in together. Hand in hand. Partners. This is your home now too.” 
Warmed by the sentiment and Ian’s propensity for romance, Kira was glad he understood that getting married wasn’t exactly at the top of her agenda. Not that she had one anymore. One thing was for sure, Kira loved Ian like she’d never loved anyone else. For her, that was as good as a ring around her finger. 
They walked in the houseboat, their fingers interlaced, with the little puppy nipping at their feet. Kira and Ian settled her down with food, water, and her towel. Ian and Kira collapsed into the bed. 
“Whatcha thinking?” Ian said sleepily. 
“I never expected to be sleeping and living on the water.”
“I never expected that I’d love someone as much as I do you,” he replied. 
She snuggled close to him. 
“Me neither. I love you too,” Kira whispered, letting the word out at last, just before she drifted to sleep. 
***
The next few days they spent unpacking and taking care of Jewel, but when the dust settled, they loaded up their boards and headed to the beach. 
Ian directed Kira to the first break he’d ever surfed, but said the waves weren’t good that day. While they drove to the next spot, he told her about his early days surfing there with his grandfather and his dad.
“It’s in your blood then?” she asked. 
“We’re water people. My father’s from here, the Pacific coast, my mother from the Atlantic.” 
“When I went to college for journalism and English Lit inland, those were the toughest years of my life. My roommate and friends thought I was nuts for surfing, but it’s as if my body requires the salt water. I can’t explain it really, but the ocean is in my blood. That much I’m sure of.” 
They continued to another spot Ian said might be promising, but the water lapped the sand, with no sizable waves. Then a third, though they couldn’t quite see the spot from the parking area. 
“Stay here; I’ll go check it out.” 
Kira breathed in the salt air, a feeling of peace settling over her. 
After nearly five minutes, he returned, wearing a huge, dimpled smile on his face. “Perfect. Let’s go.” 
They got the boards down from the roof, put their wetsuits on, and followed a well-trodden path down toward the sand. The waves looked great. Kira was eager to get in after the last few chilled forays back east and the long waterless journey across the country. 
When the soft sand turned to wet hard pack from the tide, Kira noticed a ring of salt spray roses, poppies, daisies, and seashells a few paces away. Ian stopped by her side. In the center, someone had written something in the sand. Kira read it. 
Please say yes. 
Ian turned to her. “I love you. I know getting married isn’t on your mind. But I want to be together with you.” He pulled out a necklace strung with a piece of polished blue sea glass and a shell pendant. “This is a symbol of our union. Our relationship was born out of the treasures of the ocean. My pledge to you is always to be honest and true. I love you, Summer Kira Speranza. Will you wear this necklace and promise me the same?” 
Kira threw her arms around him, and they kissed, lips melting together on that private stretch of beach. “I love you too. Always.” 
Ian clasped the necklace as she held her hair up. With the sun high overhead and her soul aglow, Kira clutched her surfboard under her arm. She linked her other arm with Ian’s, and they stepped into the ocean. 


Acknowledgements

Thank you for reading To the Sea. I also offer my utmost gratitude to Mr. Fantastic, Little One & Little Two, Dad, my wonderful family, and my K-Girls: you help me get to my desk, never mind make it through the day. Tamar, hugs for the early read and title.
Additional thanks to my local librarians for fulfilling my exhaustive requests and going above and beyond, to all the wordsmiths who’ve helped me along the way; you’ve bolstered my confidence and kept me humble, and you’ve helped me refine and polish my work.
To God and the many teachers, including patience, I’ve been fortunate enough to have, I’m forever thankful.

About the Author
Throughout her teens, Deirdre Riordan Hall acquired a wanderer's mindset, traveling the US and throughout Europe as far east as Turkey. Now she satisfies her traveler's heart and longing for faraway places, their unique smells and sights, customs, and languages through story and connecting with worlds—imagined or real—on the page and with readers. She lives with her family near the Pacific, spending as much time at the beach as possible, pretending to be a mermaid.

If you liked this book, please leave a review. This helps other readers discover books they may like. Thank you.
Want to read more? 

Click here to check out the other titles in the Follow your Bliss series
 
Book 2: Surfaced(The Companion novel to To the Sea)
Book 3: In the Desert
Book 4: Mirrored
Book 5: On the Mountain
Book 6: Kindled
Let's Connect
Online: www.deirdreriordanhall.com
On Twitter: www.twitter.com/deirdrespark
On Facebook: www.facebook.com/deirdreriordanhall
Sign up for my quarterly NEWSLETTER to receive news & updates along with your FREE copy of Through the Jungle, a prequel//sequel novelette with all of your favorite Follow your Bliss characters. 

