RETRIBUTION

by Jasmine White

Copyright 2015 Jasmine White

Smashwords Edition
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Connect With Jasmine White

South America
January 1940
Prologue

The sudden light which flooded the room burned into Johnny Morgan's eyes, jerking him painfully awake. “What’s going on?” He grumbled crankily as he sat up rubbing his eyes, trying to let them adjust to the brightness and Jerry Weinman's silhouette as he looked at his coworker standing by the light switch. “I thought you were working on a project for Torres?”
Jerry's voice was harsh from excitement. “We need to get out to the job site now!”
Johnny robotically leapt out of bed and hastily pulled the nearest pair of black pants on over his long johns. “What’s going on?” he asked for the second time. 
“There’s a storm coming in . . . looks bad.” Jerry flung the words over his shoulder as he opened the room's one tiny closet and plopped to the ground to pull on a pair of tall rubber boots, thrusting his feet into them as he explained, “Grab your boots. We need to get the rest of the structural joints into place before it hits or the entire structure could come down.”
Johnny reached over Jerry, who was still fumbling with his boots, and pulled out his own work boots, hurriedly lacing them up around his ankles. “What about all our tools? Do we have time to get them from the shop?”
Jerry gave a vicious tug on his last knot, hopped to his feet, kicked open the door, and jerked his head motioning for Johnny. “Get a move on it, will you? No.  Sam or whatever that intern's name was—Philip—is meeting us there with some.”
Johnny nodded and staggered after Weinman through the open door, not bothering to shut it as he shoved his arms into a black raincoat. “I’m ready.”
The dark, pouring rain almost obscured the steel structure from view when they arrived at the site. It cascaded and bounced off the sides of the metal skeleton, drenching Johnny's hatless head and running down his hair in rivulets. I needn't have bothered pulling on that jacket, he thought with irony—it only took a few minutes before he was soaked to the bone. His feet sank several inches into the deep mud and stuck with each step. He grimaced and squinted to see through the rising wind that blew the rain at a slant into his eyes.
“Damn this wind!” Jerry swore through clenched teeth.
It seemed like an age had passed before they'd reached the other car that sat waiting with its motor running, its headlights failing to penetrate more than a few feet of the thick darkness. 
The two men huddled against the huge car as Jerry knocked on the driver's window.
It rolled down a mere two inches to reveal the senior architect's white, drawn face. Sam Everhart. Beside him sat Philip Drake, Everhart's intern who did most of Sam's work.   
“Where’s the tools?" Jerry demanded. "You going to get out and help, or just sit in there like an idiot?”
“They’re in the trunk,” Sam replied, his eyes panicky as they rested on the looming black structure and all its scaffolding. “I’ll open it for you.”
“Why, thank you,” Johnny said sarcastically as Sam got out of the car and winced when his shiny black dress shoes sank into the mud. The passenger door opened next, and a figure in a long yellow rubber raincoat stepped out. 
Then all four figures were at the trunk of the car waiting as Sam fumbled with his keys in the lock. Jerry let out another curse under his breath as he reached in and grabbed a box of clamping bolts and fasteners. “This all you could bring?" Apprehension surfaced in his voice, and he said slowly, "You'd better pray to God that those hold the load."  
Fear gripped Sam's voice making it almost a whine. “That’s all there was left! We were expecting another order, remember?” he supplied uselessly. “Philip, you can be their assistant and hand them tools.”
Phillip nodded silently. “You going to wait in the car?”
“Of course. I’m not getting any wetter in this damn storm,” Sam muttered as he got back into the driver’s seat.
Johnny took an awkward backward step as he and Jerry lugged the heavy box over to the bare bones of the construction structure. Phillip followed close behind, silent as he looked up at the framework, which had begun to flex in the heavy wind.   
“The sheer force of that wind has got to be strong up there.” Jerry’s eyes were directed at the top of the skeleton. "We need to hurry.”
“Are you sure it’s safe?” Phillip asked in a small voice when they reached the concrete foundation.
“It sure as hell won’t be if we don’t get up there quick.” Johnny turned to the intern. “Phillip, you’re going to have to wait until we reach the catwalk, then come up behind us and hand us bolts, fasteners, anything we need, when we need it. Okay?”
Phillip gave a nervous nod and cast a quick glance back at the car where his boss was waiting. “I’m a little scared of heights,” he said weakly.
“Who isn’t?” Johnny said, his eyes full of water from trying to look up at the catwalk swaying precariously in the wind. He looked back at Jerry. Then he and Weinman began climbing sideways up the ladder, each having one hand on a rung, the other on the container of bolts they held between them. The ladder shifted and grunted each time one of them carefully set one foot after another on the slippery steel rungs. "This thing’s acting like it wants nothing better than to dump us back on that concrete down there." Johnny laughed grimly to Jerry, feeling the ladder beginning to sway and a knot of nervousness forming in his stomach. 
"Yep," was the only response he got. 
It seemed like an eternity before they reached the slim catwalk, before Jerry carefully placed his foot on the slippery surface, testing his weight, then gingerly stepped onto it. At last Johnny gave a shove to the tools and Jerry hauled them up beside him and it was Johnny's turn to step onto the catwalk. 
He held his breath as the rickety board took his weight. He looked down briefly at Philip, who swallowed nervously and began to climb up after them. Phillip was right; it wasn’t safe to be out here. But he couldn’t just leave Jerry alone; he knew Jerry would never abandon the structure until it was firmly secured. No, Johnny was staying as long as Jerry was. 
Jerry had begun groping the structure as reached a spot a few feet beyond him. “This is where we began skimping on the bolts in our rush to get the basic skeleton up. Of course this damn storm had to hit before we could come back and put the rest in.” 
Johnny uselessly wiped his sleeve against his face in a vain effort to see through the water that ran liberally down his face. “There’s no way we can get all these in in time! Are you kidding me?! This is several days’ worth of work. And you want to do it in a few hours?”
Jerry wordlessly pulled a bolt from his pocket, adjusted the nut height, and began fastening it into the hold. 
Johnny responded by silently moving over to locate the next hole at an adjacent post, where the workers had only put in every other bolt. 
His fingers fumbled with wet grease as he placed the washer and bolt in the gap and began tightening the nut onto it. It had only gone in a few threads before the catwalk jerked, forcing him to drop the bolt and grab the scaffold for balance. 
“Jerry!” he yelled. “We have to get down. It’s not worth killing ourselves over a building!”
Jerry was gloomily silent in thought for a moment as he clung tightly onto the board for balance. “Okay!” He twisted his neck to yell back at Phillip, who was nearing the top of the ladder. “Go back down Phillip! Only one at a time on the ladder!”
Phillip's yellow shrouded head nodded once and the blob of his body began backing slowly down the ladder. Another gust of wind came up and the whole structure shuddered. Johnny felt more than heard the steel collapsing.
“Go now!” Johnny shrieked at Jerry. “It’s coming down!”
Jerry crawled carefully over to the ladder and began descending as fast as he could after Phillip.
Johnny crawled after him towards the ladder; one of the steel members underneath the catwalk groaned and collapsed in slow motion. A scream escaped his throat as the catwalk board tilted ninety degrees and he slid down to the edge of it. One of his hands caught at a nail that stuck up, the fingers of the other turning red and dripping blood from the splintered wood that bit into them as they fiercely gripped the end of the board. 
“Johnny!” He heard Jerry’s hoarse voice yell from below. “The ladder’s only a foot away! Get to the ladder! You have to reach the ladder!”
He didn’t waste the energy to answer. Instead, Johnny paused for a moment, his mind churning. The world stopped around him. Suddenly he felt every raindrop, heard a prison door shut from the clang as another support snapped. His mind rejected the last fiercely. He sank his teeth hard into his lower lip and held both hands tighter for an instant. Then he moved his hips, released his left hand, which had been gripping the nail, and swung his body over farther to the left, replanting his hand on the top rung of the ladder. He missed and his hand landed square on a sharp piece of protruding steel that cut deep into his palm. A thin river of blood quickly washed clean by the rain drained down his arm.
He forced his gaze away from his bleeding hand and ignored the pain as he braced himself and again swung his legs with enough momentum to stick one onto the third rung of the ladder. Stretching, he was able to shift enough weight onto his foot so that he could inch his hands closer to the top of the ladder. The catwalk gave a large crack and crumbled; Johnny thrust all his energy into one last thrust and gripped the ladder with both hands. His hands were sliding down it, his foot catching on every third rung.  
“You’re almost there!” Jerry’s voice rang through his living nightmare as he began to slide down the last story. Another crack of steel told him the whole structure was collapsing around him. Panic gripped him and his hands slipped from the ladder; he fell the last five feet and landed on the hard concrete.
He lay there clutching his rib where he fell, a dark mass from above hurtling down through the air towards him. Then suddenly he was being roughly pulled away by Jerry. Another sharp pain shot through his senses, and the world surged and went black around him as the scaffolding crushed and bit into his leg. 

California
September 1950
Chapter One

	The cool smell of autumn rain trailed behind the slim brunette as she pushed her way through a revolving glass door. Under her left arm was tucked a large roll of white paper. A bulky, blue purse hung from her right shoulder. She didn't bother to remove her raincoat—she thought it useless to take that much time shifting her belongings to peel off the cool pink layer—and continued walking across the white and black tiled floor, her brown heels clicking, a small puddle trailing behind her. 
She smothered a laugh at the thought of the water dripping from her jacket, and straightened her poise. Wavy dark hair framed a heart shaped face with large green eyes and a delicate chin with a stubborn tilt. She was unaware of the appreciative glances she attracted as, pausing to ask directions from a red-suited bellboy, her well-shaped legs showed becomingly underneath a patch of gray fabric that had escaped from hiding beneath the wet raincoat.  He pointed her towards the elevator.
“Here, let me help you, ma’am.” The bellboy rushed out from behind the desk and pressed the elevator button for her.
“Thank you.” She smiled and stopped her attempt at shifting her burdens. She shook a wisp of wavy hair back from her face, no hands free. 
“Would you like me to go up with you? Help you carry your things?”
“No, thank you. I can mange.” 
She watched the elevator hand move across the floor numbers as it continued climbing up the building. Squeezing the bulky floor plans tighter against her chest, she tried to twist her hand to see her wristwatch, hoping Professor Drake would be at home. It was almost eight o’clock and he hadn’t returned her calls, but the plans needed to be finished before tomorrow.
Leaning against the wood-paneled wall of the elevator, she forced herself to relax and took a deep breath, trying to push the upcoming deadline from her mind. Normally she wasn’t nervous or jittery, and her stomach didn't tie itself up in knots on a regular basis, but this was different than her other assignments—this was her first real job. She straightened her posture, determined to make sure it was done properly—including being done on time, even if that meant going to her professor's apartment in the evening, odd as it felt to her.  
The ding of the elevator made her square her shoulders and say a little prayer of thanks for automatic doors. Two doors down, the bellboy had said. Two doors to your left is number 418. 
In front of 418 she was forced to put down the bulky floor plan to knock on the door. “Professor? Professor Drake, it’s Katherine.”
A faint shuffling noise inside was the only response. She relaxed a bit. Silly, she chided herself. He was home, after all, and she could get rid of all her fears about having to stay up all night by herself to finish the stair plan, when she really had no clue how to do a stair plan. She stooped and picked up the precious plans again, shifting the weight around uncomfortably as she waited to be admitted.  
Two minutes went by. What the blank was taking him so long? She put her weight on one leg, then the other. Of course she’d chosen today of all days to wear her three-inch heels when she had to carry what Wesley Grant called her “monster purse” and a heavy floor plan.
She sighed and replaced the plan back on the thick, carpeted hallway in order to pound on the door again, this time louder. Maybe he didn't hear me the first time. It was warm in the hall—too warm. Slightly irritated, she struggled out of her pink raincoat, shedding a sprinkle of droplets onto the carpet as she peeled off the outer layer.  
“Professor Drake, it’s Katherine.” She rapped on the door until her knuckles turned pale and ached. Still no answer.
Maybe he wasn’t home after all—maybe she'd heard a cat or something. Did he even own a cat? When he didn’t answer a third time, she looked around the hall in exasperation. Could she just leave the floor plans here in the hall for him when he returned?
No, they were too valuable to be left where a stranger might take them. The mere thought of all her hard work disappearing made her shudder inside.  
Debating what to do, she rested her hand on the doorknob and leaned against the door. It began to move. She quickly jerked up to avoid losing her balance as the door swung noiselessly open. I'll just slide the plans in and leave. 
Pushing the door the rest of the way open, she took a step inside.  That the room had a light on surprised her, and she tried calling again. “Mr. Drake?”
She sighed, turned on her heel, and dragged the floor plans inside. Her task completed, she paused for a moment. It was too quiet inside. The sound of her breathing was the only noise she heard. There was something eerie in the air, something she couldn't quite put a finger on. After the shuffling she’d heard earlier from the hall, she'd at least expected to see a cat. But the dead calm persisted. 
Katherine tried to brush off the uneasy feeling that was beginning to settle in her stomach. It's just work stress getting to you. She stood still and allowed her eyes to adjust to the dim room, lit only by a light coming from somewhere in the living room? She couldn't tell. Beige curtains were pulled back from long windows to reveal the drizzling rain outside. The foyer area was painted in soft whites with a modern-looking desk resting under a mirror, a skinny black hat rack next to it. Opposite, on the other wall, hung a painting of some sort—she couldn't quite make it out in the weak lighting. Her stomach tightened further; something didn’t feel right. For a reason she couldn't explain, she was resistant to calling out to the professor again. There was a strange stillness that she didn't want to break. She felt as though her very presence had interrupted something. Stop being foolish, she chided herself, and to prove to herself that everything was A-okay, she walked into the living room. But her skin crawled nervously with every swish of her suit skirt that seemed to echo in the room.  
The light was coming from a little lamp that sat on a low coffee table in the center of the room. She could see better now and noticed more white on the walls, noticed there were more drapes here too, these brightly colored and pulled back from more long windows. The rain ran in rivulets down the panes. It wasn't so quiet in this room though, and she became aware of the crackling of a fire, its heat coming from the right. 
Turning slightly, she looked to the large fireplace that filled the wall of the living room. She gasped and instinctively drew back, clutching her throat and letting her blue handbag drop to the ground. She didn't notice the raincoat slip to the ground, didn't know how long she stood there, just staring in shock at his body.
Professor Drake was home. He lay facedown, his left arm outstretched towards the fireplace as though reaching for the sharp metal poker. A large shining pool of dark blood was slowly expanding beneath his head. It ran toward his right hand, which twisted in an awkward position holding a small handgun. She was so petrified her mind wouldn't think, wouldn't act. Finally, she let out a small involuntary sound, almost like a squeak, and ran towards the body.
“Professor—Professor Drake! Phillip!” She knelt, shook his shoulder lightly at first, then more fiercely as her voice rose in a sob. “Mr. Drake, can you hear me? Please say something! Don’t be silent, please don’t be silent!”
Finding strength she didn’t know she had, she put both her hands on his shoulder, and grunted, turning his heavy form over. A full-bodied scream escaped her throat as she looked down at his face, at the blank eyes that stared back at her, at the open, pain-twisted lifeless mouth.  
“No, good grief—no.” She sobbed again, as she stood up with bloodstained hands and took a slow step back, staring at the professor's body as though he would come alive and attack her. The furniture began to form blobs and turn black; the world spun and she grasped out to catch her balance. The gray carpet came up to greet her in a wave and she crumpled to the ground next to Philip Drake's body.
Her consciousness drifted in and out of dreams; she was happily floating in a pool, basking in the sun. A lifeguard in a dark pinstriped suit came to stand over her, his shadow blocking out the sun. 
“You’ll get your nice suit wet.” She giggled up into the dark brown eyes that looked down at her. 
“Kate, wake up!” Dark hair was combed smoothly back, framing a strong face with a square jaw, and those same dark brown eyes, disturbing eyes, looked down at her.
“I am awake, silly!” She saw him make a brief swinging motion, and then a wave of cold water splashed her face.
Shocked to her senses, she jerked up in a sit-up position and gasped for breath, brushing the streaming water away from her eyes. “Johnny! It is you.” Relief at seeing her fiancé coupled with the confusion of where she was and her memory of the evening surged back as she looked towards the body again before covering her eyes and moaning. She pulled her legs closer and hugged them tightly, shivering.
“There now, darling.” Jonathan Morgan knelt down and picked her up easily in his arms, carrying her to a white leather couch. She clung helplessly to him. He gently stroked her hair, blocking her view of the body. “Everything is all right now. You’re with me.” The shivering slowly subsided, but she still clung to him, not wanting to turn her head from his shoulder, to see what lay beside the fireplace again. 
Gradually the shock left her body and she began to recall everything. He seemed to sense it and gently pushed her away, smoothing back her wet hair. “Want to tell me what happened? Why are you here?”
“I don’t know what happened.” Another shudder. “I just got here and found him—like that.  I must’ve fainted. Then you came. It’s horrible; I feel sick. I’ve never seen a dead person before. Why would he kill himself? It doesn’t make sense.”
Johnny tilted up her chin and looked into her green eyes that shifted away in confused pain. “Don’t worry about him. We’ll let the police figure out what hap—why he wanted to kill himself. All I want you to worry about is yourself. Are you sure you’re okay?”
She nodded and sniffed, wiping her runny nose with the back of her pale hand. “I’ll be okay. Look what I’ve done—I’ve gotten blood all over your coat!”
He didn’t bother to look down at the lapels of his suit. “Don’t worry about it. It’s only clothing. Stay there. I’m going to phone the police. Then you can tell me all about it.”
“The police—of course . . ." She sat nervously on the edge of the couch, her eyes darting around the room, looking everywhere but the direction of the body. She took in the few ancient vases that lined the top of a looming bookshelf, looked again at the low coffee table that held the lamp she had grabbed at and missed trying to catch her balance. Her attention returned to the bookshelf, then to the painting that hung beside it. Anything was a welcome distraction from the lifeless form on the floor, and, legs trembling, she left the embrace of the couch to move forward and squint at the painting, trying to remember what she’d learned in college about art. Anything to take her mind off the present. Examine the handwriting, the brushstrokes, the composition, the use of color . . . 
“Operator. Police station, please. I don’t know what district! Whatever district we’re in! I’m at the Fairview Apartments, yes, off Fairview Avenue. Fine, Station Fourteen. Hurry, please, it’s an emergency.” Jonathan’s words broke into her reflections; her mind ceased to comprehend the painting; she felt as though she were in a dream. Philip Drake was dead. This can’t be real. She glanced down at her hands; certainly the blood clinging between her fingers was real. The repeated red on her lacquered fingernails disturbed her now, echoing the mark of death on Drake.
She returned her gaze to Johnny, whose ruggedly handsome face was formed in a frown. The full lips set in an angry line while he waited for the operator. He'd asked her why she was here—what was he doing here? He barely knew the professor.  
“Yes. Station Fourteen! What if I was asking for the hair salon? Would you still be as slow getting me the number?” Despite the gravity of the situation a half smile settled on Katherine's lips.  Johnny was still as obnoxious as ever.
She diverted her attention and set about locating a washroom, holding up her bloodstained hands in response to Johnny’s questioning look as she moved away from the painting. He nodded and returned his absorption to the phone. “Yes. Sergeant Cooper? I have a suicide to report . . . ”
Kate decided to try the door to the left. It was large and covered with black leather squares, and when she pushed it, it swung on the same well-oiled hinges as the front door to reveal the modern lines which defined the drawing room. A white bathrobe had been lain out neatly on the bed, a matching pair of slippers below it. A white sock was on the floor in front of a large armoire. The edge of a suitcase peeked out from it. That's odd, she thought just before the reflection of a mirror caught her eye and she forgot the thought and rushed towards an open door into a comfortable yet simple bathroom. Trembling, she sank to her knees in front of the toilet as a wave of nausea swept over her body.
A few minutes passed before she regained enough composure to grip the side of the vanity and slowly pull herself up. Her hand groped for the light switch, flipped it up. It illuminated the whole room and sent rays bouncing off the surrounding white tiles. Startled for a moment by the brightness, she turned on the faucet and scrubbed her hands vigorously under the hot water. It ran red underneath her hands before finally turning clear, as the professor's blood washed down the drain. 
Katherine studied her reflection in the mirror—she looked as terrible as she felt. Her normally smooth short brunette waves were damp and disheveled, the usually radiant face deathly pale. Black mascara was smeared under her eyes, and there were slight streaks in her foundation from her tears. A hard pinch on the cheeks brought back a little color. She dabbed a bit of water on her hair, smoothing it back into place. What is Johnny doing here? Not wanting to let in the thoughts that stood knocking on the door of her mind, she further distracted herself with her appearance. Gently rubbing underneath her eyelids with a wet finger, some of the mascara came off, but the rest left a dark smudge under her eyes.
Luckily the blood had somehow missed her white silk blouse and she tucked it more firmly into her gray skirt and returned to the living room. 
Johnny had his back towards her when she entered, staring out the window into the rain. He turned when he heard her behind him. “Be careful what you touch, honey. Nothing is supposed to be moved when there’s a body.” He came closer to where she stood, his left foot dragging slightly behind him from the injury he gotten in South America, before he clasped both her hands in his and drew her to his chest. “You’ve just experienced a severe shock. Don’t worry if you don’t feel yourself right away.”
“You’re right.” She forced a weak smile up at him, hating herself for wondering if he had another motive for being here. “I am pretty shaken up.” How does he manage to look so handsome in every situation? A loud knock on the door ended that thought. She tensed, instinctively stepping back away from the sound, drawing Johnny with her until further retreat was blocked by a beautifully carved drafting table piled high with drawing supplies, an assortment of paints, and modeling materials.
“It must be the police. I’ll get it.” Johnny released her hand and she clenched the top of the desk, watching the door as if it were a coiled snake waiting to strike. He opened the door—had she shut it when she came in?—to reveal two uniformed police officers. 
One was tall with a badly receding hairline and a small, trimmed mustache. The other was tanned, stocky but wiry looking—as though he knew his way around a dark alley. 
Mr. Mustache spoke first. “Officer Green and Detective Bailey Marsh here . . .” His formal voice died as he recognized Johnny’s face in the light. “You don’t need an intro. Out of the clink now, are you?”
Johnny’s face had whitened considerably as he recognized the detective who had put him in jail in his teenage years. “Yes, I’m out. For over ten years now, thank you.”
Bailey was apparently the more professional of the two. “We had a report of a suicide. Is this the right address?”
“Yes. Right over here.” He stepped out of the way for them to enter. 
The two men politely removed their hats as they stepped into the plush room. The swarthy man nodded a curt greeting to Kate, who found she was still grasping the drafting table, her knuckles white. She made herself relax her hands. They mustn’t suspect anything—but there’s nothing to suspect, she told herself firmly. 
Even so, she was sure Green would jump at another chance to throw Jonathan Morgan back in jail . . . and he couldn’t go back. Being locked up again would kill him.
The officers were standing next to the body, talking in low tones, and Johnny returned to her side.  Kate turned her back, not wanting to witness the gruesome scene any longer. They were silent, Johnny slowly rubbing her shoulders while she closed her eyes, her thoughts taking unwanted possession of her mind.
When she’d first met Johnny he’d sworn that part of his life was behind him. After being sent up while still a teenager, he promised her it’d taken all the appeal away from a life of crime. She’d always been afraid he’d get sucked back in. Was her worst fear coming true? Who really was the man that was rubbing the tension out of her shoulders, the tension for which he had been partially to blame? 

Chapter Two

Wesley Grant leaned his bare back against the warm wood in the new steam room of his men’s club as he inhaled the heavy air filled with the scent of pine. His muscles, tired from the exertion of his new swimming routine, relaxed against and into the wood, only to momentarily tense when, from the corner of his eye, Wesley noticed the timber door opening as another guest joined him. He quickly closed his eyes to dissuade conversation. Here his mind was free, free to be alone, to think about his future, his business. Here he didn’t have to put on airs or cater to anybody. Here he could be without a care in the world.   
A motion told Wesley that the other man had sat somewhere on the bench across from him, and his thoughts continued. What he couldn’t get out of his mind was the argument he’d just had with Phillip Drake. He kept mulling it over again and again. And like before, his anger bubbled up at the thought of it. Walking out on a job! Who did he think he was? Just because he was some big shot at a university didn’t mean he could pull a stunt like that and ditch Wesley Grant, a man who could buy and sell Drake ten times over. He needed recompense for the loss he had taken. Or rather, he admitted to himself, his bruised pride wanted recompense.  
Pride. His Achilles heel. Your ego is blocking your ability to think. As one thought so often leads to another, so Katherine’s angry words rang in his ears now as clearly as when she had first spat them at him. His mind replayed the scene again, when she rejected him in favor of another man. For the nth time his thoughts reenacted his reaction in anger, of shoving her lamp off the table to send it crashing to the floor, of him storming out of her apartment in a rage, of him writing her a note of apology the next morning after he’d simmered down a bit. The returned note burned in his memory as he relived his decision to give her some space, thinking maybe her new infatuation with that engineer fellow, Johnny, would phase out given time. 
That was a joke, he thought angrily. Only two months later she’d become engaged to him. And now, six months later, they were still together. It should’ve been him. The heat from the steam soaked into his sore muscles and, on that last thought, his mind felt clearer than it had felt for the last four months. Feeling sorry for himself wasn’t going to win her back. No wonder she hadn’t shown any desire to spend time with him—he’d been acting like a sullen ass. He swiped a hand over his eyes and opened them to see the other occupant, the muscular athlete he’d met the other day. What was his name? Mike. Mike Donovan. That was it. He was a professional tennis player in town for a couple weeks recouping from some sort of knee injury. Luckily Mike didn’t seem to be in a chatting mood either; his eyes were closed in blissful peacefulness. Probably just finished a grueling workout and wanted to relax. Wesley self-consciously pulled in his stomach. 
He should be working out more himself. His lanky frame had been looking a bit skinny lately. Standing up slowly, he stretched out his arms. Mike opened one eye and the two men nodded at each other before Wesley let in a blast of cold air as he exited the steam room.  
Once outside, opening the door of his sleek convertible seemed to him like opening of a box of solutions to all his problems. First up, a meeting with Drake. After that business was settled, he could then spend some more time figuring out a different tactic to win Katherine back and push her past the “just friends” level with him, even if he had to push Johnny off a cliff in the process. A voice interrupted his small moment of elation; he turned to look at one the black-uniformed club employees. “Mr. Grant, a call for you, sir. I’m afraid it’s urgent.”
~ ~ ~
Darkness had fallen by the time Johnny and Kate were taken back to the station. “Just routine,” the pudgy officer at the front desk had informed them as he passed them paperwork to fill out. 
Sure doesn’t feel like “just routine,” Katherine thought, half scared, half angry as she sat in a hard wooden chair facing Bailey, who was sizing her up from across a desk. A strong overhead light shone into her face, stinging her eyes. After the chilly air outside, the station was stuffy and overheated. 
She tried to focus on what the detective was saying instead of the fact that Johnny was in the room next door—she could only hear muffled voices. What were they asking him? It didn’t seem fair that the same officer that had arrested him years before was the one questioning him again. She wished she’d been able to talk with him before the police did. Most of all, she didn’t want him to say anything to incriminate himself. 
Despite the warmth of the office, she felt chilled inside and drew the collar of her raincoat closer about her neck, not wanting to meet the eyes of the man across from her. Bailey studied her, his dark eyes shielded; there was nothing for Katherine to read in them. She couldn’t tell what he was thinking behind that guarded composure. Bravely meeting his eyes across the desk, she sat on her hands, which were sweaty despite the cool temperature. Was she just a distraction while the real questioning went on next door?
Finally he broke the gaze and looked down at the paperwork she’d filled out at the front desk. “Miss Hale, is that correct?”
“Yes. Katherine Hale.” Her voice came out almost as a squeak. She cleared her throat nervously. Had he noticed? She studied him from underneath long lowered lashes. She couldn’t tell. Not a muscle twitched in his face as his eyes skimmed the next line. “Occupation: architect.” His eyebrows raised—that seemed to be a habit of his—as he read the word neatly written in her cursive handwriting. Finally, some semblance of expression.
“Yes. I’m an architect.” She mentally congratulated herself on achieving a normal tone of voice.
“Rare occupation for a woman.”
She bristled at his patronizing tone. “Depends on the woman in question.”
A slight smile lifted the corner of his mouth. “Apparently not in your case.” He scanned over the rest of the paper and flung it down on the desk. “Now, to get to the point at hand . . . ” His shield was up again, officially back to routine. Kate wondered if she’d just imagined the momentary glimpse of a human being. “Let’s cut directly to the point. How were you acquainted with the deceased?”
“He is—was, one of my professors at the university.” The tight answer elicited a questioning look from Bailey.
Then it softened and he said in a gentler tone, “Maybe you should start from the beginning.”
Katherine nodded as she gulped down the emotion that was threatening to drown her voice. “How far back do you want me to go?”
Bailey shrugged, but his dark eyes told her “go ahead—I trust you,” a gesture that dispelled some of the aversion she had held for him ever since he and his partner had first entered the apartment.
“I met Philip, known as Professor Drake to the students, during my senior year at the university. He was teaching one of my capstone classes.” Under his encouraging silence, she continued, and, in doing so, found herself transported back to last year as she delved into her memory to construct her relationship with Professor Drake.
It was an unusually scorching hot summer day in San Francisco. It seemed to Katherine as though she could see steam rising from the sidewalk as she turned to enter the architecture building, making her way to the professor’s tiny office. The only light came from small windows, casting more heat into the room. Only a few ceiling fans moved the hot air around providing some relief.
The professor’s office surprised her with its casualness—floor plans scattered on a small drafting table, The Building Age and the Builder’s Journal magazine on top, a wooden bookshelf lined with thick books bearing titles like Vignola, Built in USA, Gems of American Architecture. Even the books seemed to give off steam. The little electric fan sitting in the window did little to ease the stifling heat, only managing to give some movement to the magazine pages so that they ruffled like waves. Suddenly aware of a feeling of being watched, Katherine just had time to wonder how long she’d been observing the room before quickly turning her attention to the professor. He was looking at her from his red swivel chair, a polite smile gracing his lips that didn’t quite reach his eyes. 
“You wanted to see me?” Katherine hesitated, shifting her oversized blue handbag tucked underneath her left arm.
“Yes. You and that handbag of yours, that is.” He let the smile reach his slightly hooded gray eyes as he leaned back in his chair and studied her. His eyes still held hers as he cut straight to the point. “Your progress in class impressed me. Your work is good and that’s saying something, considering there were over thirty students in the class—and most of them male.”
It was a side note, just an added comment, but Katherine caught it. In that instant that her eyes flamed defiance; she had worked so hard, slaved away, trying to prove to everyone that a woman could actually hold her own as an architect. “I’m surprised you even noticed me in that crowd of testosterone.” 
He chuckled, then added seriously, “If you would get that chip off your shoulder about being one of the few females in your field, you’d be able to work it to your advantage. Getting noticed is the hard part; you obviously don’t have a problem with that. The challenge for you is going to be keeping the attention once you have it.”
Humbled, she gingerly lowered herself into a hard chair, straightening her skirt, and faced Philip across the table. “I’m sorry about that outburst. I guess, well, I’ve worked hard to get where I’m at.” Her voice died. Further explanation felt too much like an excuse.
Now his eyes twinkled as he pushed some paperwork across the desk. “That work paid off. If you’ve been looking for an opportunity to get into the field, here it is. A good internship offer and you’ve got it.”
How did he know she’d been inquiring around about possible job opportunities? Katherine wondered while she relived in her mind the rejections she’d received—they’d only served to fuel her jealousy for men in her profession. And so it was with heart beating fast that she stared down at the papers Drake had pushed across to her. They didn’t offer much information about the company but rather just laid out a basic employer/employee contract. “Which firm is it?”
“Mine.” Phillip Drake responded shortly, his eyes watching her surprised response in amusement. “Now don’t go all medieval on me. I said I was impressed by your work and perseverance and meant it. Not every guy willing to give you a break is a wolf in sheep’s clothing.” This he said with a sarcastic tinge to his voice and a grin tugging at his lips.
Katherine’s felt her face stain a bright pink as she forced herself to meet his eyes. “Once again —I apologize, Mr. Drake.” With a self-conscious smile she stood up and reached across the desk to firmly shake his hand. “I would love the opportunity to work for your company. When do I start?” The question had a current of excitement running through it. 
Absorbed in her memories, Katherine didn’t realize she’d stopped, until Bailey interrupted her. “And then?”
She looked up with surprise to see that he was completely absorbed in her story, anxious for her to continue. “I started work Monday of the following week,” she began, and again fell into the past.
That morning she nervously stood in the elevator watching the hand moving slowly towards the twelfth floor. As it passed the eleventh floor, she took in a deep breath and wiped her sweaty palms against the side of her new outfit. Part of her wanted the elevator to speed up, the other part of her wanted to tell bellboy to stop so she could escape. Professor Drake had such high expectations of her. Would she be able to meet them? She swallowed hard and tilted her chin determinedly. Of course she would do a good job, she told herself. But a fear of failure still clung to her as the ding of the elevator sounded the arrival of the twelfth floor.
“Your floor, miss.” The bellboy opened the door for her and gave her a boyish grin of encouragement.
“Thank you.” She gave him a shy smile, feeling as though he could sense her uneasiness as she stepped out onto the cool tile floor of the hallway.  
He touched his hat and a flash of red from his uniform lingered in the corner of her mind. A long mirror on the end of the hallway showed her reflection; at least her appearance didn’t reveal her inner nerves. Her brown, shiny hair tumbled from under her gray beret; her new gray jacket and skirt had been tailored to fit her exactly—this had been the perfect occasion to bring them out.  She opened the tall glass door with a bronze plaque next to it that read “Drake and Anderson, Architecture Firm.”
Inside, a hushed, uncluttered atmosphere greeted her, not like the noisy offices Kate had worked at before, full of desks and typewriters. The steady rhythm of one girl busy on a typewriter was the only purring in the otherwise silent space. She wore a fitted cranberry frock, the color perfectly complementing the polished wood desk at which she worked. The purring stopped as she looked up at Katherine. The girl's brown eyes took in her own, looked up her and down, then smiled unexpectedly, seemingly satisfied with her appearance. She nodded curtly towards the door to the right. “They’re expecting you. Go right in.” Another smile of assurance. Relieved that she'd been approved, but slightly irritated that'd she'd been  inspected, Kate crossed to the room on the right, rapped twice, and entered.  
“Miss Hale. Glad you could make it.” Philip Drake stood up formally as she entered. He looked different in here than in the classroom, more sophisticated. It could also have been the newer, better-fitting suit he was wearing instead of the older one he generally wore at the university. Katherine tried to put him in a category, tried to figure out which world he belonged in now, but couldn't do it. “I’d like you to meet the client I told you about.” he said with an arc of his arm, motioning to the other occupant of the room.
A tall blonde man, his deep tan hinting of copious amounts of leisure time, stood up to meet her. His blue eyes fringed with dark lashes sparked as they met hers for a fraction of a second before they casually dipped over her body.
 Drake continued. “Wesley Grant. Wesley, this is my newest intern, Katherine Hale. I think you’ll be as impressed as I am by her work.”
“It’s a pleasure.”
Her cool demeanor faltered slightly under his bold stare; she looked him straight in the face, forcing his eyes to come back up to hers. “Pleased to meet you, Mr. Grant.” She pulled up the chair nearest to her and sat down rather abruptly, trying to hide her sudden uneasiness. Wesley grinned and followed suit, pulling his chair a bit closer to hers. Philip sat down behind the large desk: "Now then . . ."
She paused in her story for a moment, her mind reliving the memories. For Bailey's benefit, or so she told herself, she edited most of the romance out of the story. No need to tell him it hadn’t taken Wesley more than a week to ask her out. She’d adamantly refused for at first—for about two weeks, before finally accepting. It was natural for her to be hesitant at first: everyone knew the rumors of his beautiful women, the elegant parties on his yacht, the large cottage out in the East Bay. But curiosity had gotten the better of her and she’d accepted. They’d quickly become a couple. Life with Wesley had been glamorous and fast, and soon they were darlings of the press—the papers loved to photograph them together. The playboy millionaire had finally decided to settle down, the headlines claimed. 
It almost came true. She knew he was close to asking her to marry him, and she would’ve welcomed his proposal—if she hadn’t met the new engineer Jerry Weinman had brought on the job. Her mind wandered for a moment as she thought about how Wesley had been impressed with Jerry Weinman, a man whose resume was all tied up in nice ribbons. Weinman had approached him and bid for the position of head engineer on Wesley's new project. Wesley had accepted and sung Jerry's praises as an engineer, though he didn't like the man as a person. So when Jerry had decided to bring Jonathan Morgan on the job, Wesley had given him the go-ahead. Then suddenly life with Wesley had seemed too lighthearted and empty. Where he was fun and lighthearted, Jonathan Morgan was dark and mysterious. She’d been attracted to the lean, bronzed, handsome man instantly. Her heart still pounded when she remembered their first date—when he’d first kissed her. 
She hoped she wasn't smiling as she concluded, “And that’s about it. I got hired for the job, and you know the rest.”
Bailey scribbled some notes with a pencil directly onto the paper she’d filled out. So much for trying to keep her handwriting neat. “So it was the professor who first introduced you to Wesley Grant. How long were you two dating?” 
“What does that have to do with anything?” Katherine let a tinge of irritation creep into her voice, even though she knew Bailey had to have read the newspapers that had picked up her relationship with the “playboy turned businessman.” 
“Being curious is my job,” he responded bluntly, as if that were enough to explain anything he might ask her.
“Well, for the sake of time, could we ‘cut directly to the point’ as you so eloquently put it?”
 “All right, Miss Hale. What were you doing in Drake’s apartment? It doesn’t seem the most appropriate place even for an advanced student to meet with her esteemed professor.”
At his smirk, and the innuendo dripping in his tone, her flicker of irritation was fanned into a full blaze. Furious, she bit back a nasty reply—something along the lines of “That’s none of your business, you dumb ass”—and forced herself instead to coolly answer the question. “Mr. Drake needed the last interior plan for Wesley’s project as soon as possible, so when I finished it I brought it over. I waited in his office until seven, then decided to take it to his flat.” Katherine wondered why she felt she had to defend her honor to this infuriating man.
His dark, beady eyes shifted again to his notepad as he jotted down a word or two. Was he even taking notes relating to what she was saying? Or was he simple doodling? “That’s funny . . . ” He said under his breath.
“What’s funny?” Katherine felt she had to ask.
“I was under the impression Drake had quit the Wesley job--” Katherine stared at him blankly as he continued. “Perhaps you didn’t get the memo that the job was called off?”
“I don’t think so.” Katherine replied icily, although her race began to race as she remembered the missed calls that Drake hadn’t return, his shifting of focus lately. Had her last efforts in getting the plans done in time all been a waste?
“How did your affections suddenly switch from Wesley to Johnny?” Bailey’s gaze didn’t leave the paper.
Katherine snapped out of her musing. What was done was done. “What connection does that have to the case at hand?”
“Could have plenty. It’s my job to know everything with everyone connected to the case, no matter how minute it may seem.”
Katherine remained stubbornly silent. There was no need for him to be burrowing into her personal relationships, she thought angrily. After a minute he finally looked up from his paper.
“Interfering with a police investigation is a punishable crime, Miss Hale. You do realize that, don’t you?”
Katherine gritted her teeth in frustration. Why did this man always have to win? Telling him would be better than paying some stupid fine or worse, spending a night in one of the cold, dank cells she’d passed on her way to this room. She wouldn’t put it past this man to throw her in the clink for a night.
She sat down heavily. “Yes. It was a rather sudden shift. Johnny was one of the engineers working on Wesley’s project with us. Having to collaborate on the structural plans put us together quite a bit. One thing led to another, and. . . .”
“And your relationship with Wesley was history.” Bailey finished the sentence for her, his gaze still on his small notebook on which she was now quite certain he was definitely doodling.
What was the deal with his lack of focus? Katherine wondered. Was this man totally out of sync socially, or was it his way of getting more information out of her? If it was the latter, it was working. She felt like she had told him most of her life story over the last hour.
“Yes. Well, not completely. We still remained friends, still are for that matter, and the project is almost completed.”
“Almost?”
“Phillip was to have finished the more difficult plans by tomorrow.”
“I see.”
“So you came to his apartment to drop off some plans for him to review.”
“Yes.”
“Was he alive when you found him? Did you hear the shot?”
“No. I didn’t hear any shot.” Katherine gulped and hoped he couldn’t hear the emotion in her voice. “He wasn’t alive when I found him. He had already killed himself.”
“How did you get in the apartment? A key left under the mat?”
“No. I knocked several times, but there was no answer. I waited and heard a faint shuffling noise so I thought he was there. When nobody answered after I knocked again, I tried the door. It was unlocked, so I let myself in.”
He looked up. “What sort of noises did you hear?”
“I’m not sure . . .” She thought for a moment, trying to describe the sound. “Scuffling noises or something of the sort, I suppose. I didn’t pay much attention to them. I just assumed he was home, or perhaps he owned a cat. Since the door was open, I figured I’d just leave the plans for him.” 
“Of course.” His dark gaze returned to the paper pad where his pencil again moved into action. “Is that a common practice for you—to enter a stranger’s house without being let in?” That demanding tone again. 
“He was expecting me. Nothing strange about it. Besides, this was an important deadline. It wasn’t going to be missed if there was anything I could do about it.” 
“That was noble of you.”
Enough was enough. Katherine stood up again. “Mr. Marsh. If you don’t have anything else important to ask me, I have other things to do. Houses don’t just design themselves, contrary to some people’s naive opinions.”
“Wait, wait, Miss. Hale.” He chuckled at her outrage, holding out his hand as though to detain her. “I do still have a few questions—” With a fed-up attitude, she sat back down again on her chair. Before he could continue, Bailey was interrupted by some commotion in the hallway and the frosted door to his office being thrown open to reveal an angry Wesley Grant, his tall frame filling the doorway as his bright eyes located Katherine.
“Kate! Are you all right? What’s this load of crap I hear about you finding Drake’s body?” His bright blue eyes bristled with anger.
Relief at seeing her old friend blocked Katherine’s voice so she didn’t have time to answer before Bailey stepped forward and spoke for her. “Miss Hale did find a body. Right now she is being asked some routine questions. If you don’t mind stepping out while we finish up . . . ”
“Of course I mind,” Wesley snarled, straightening the jacket of his gray suit, the action saying what he didn’t need to—that he wasn’t a man accustomed to having his actions thwarted. “There is no need to question her. We’ll see what my cousin, the district attorney has to say about this!” He reached for the phone on the desk. Katherine watched in amusement: her tall blonde friend in a face-off with the swarthy Italian.
Bailey responded with the cool detachment of a detective who’s seen it all. “There’s no need to do that—Mr.?”
“Mr. Grant to you. That’s all you need to know. You don’t have any right to detain Kate here.” 
She inched closer to Wesley, glad he’d come to get her.
Bailey looked like a cornered rat as he looked from her to Wesley. “We’re not detaining her, just asking some questions.”
“So, she’s free to go then.”
“Well, technically . . .”
“That’s what I thought. Come on, Kate, I’ll take you home.”
She happily headed for the door with the thought of how nice it was to have influential friends.  “But Johnny is in the next room. Shouldn’t we wait for him?” Before the words were out of her mouth she knew how he’d respond.
“Absolutely not,” he replied curtly. “He can take care of himself.” 
She hesitated, looking at the office where Johnny was, before Wesley pulled her along to the door. 
“We’ll be in touch, Miss Hale,” a persistent Bailey called after her.

Chapter Three

“You seem to have been avoiding me lately.” Wesley’s pouting words fell with the rain as they sped through downtown in his shiny red convertible. Couples armed with brightly colored umbrellas went past in a blur, parents trying to keep track of their wandering children were gone in an instant. Katherine ignored his comment and shivered, pulling on a white scarf and knotting it underneath her chin as the soft rain stung their faces. “Are you cold? Want me to put the top up?” Wesley asked anxiously, noticing her shiver. She sat small in her seat, cringing as he braked sharply for a dog. 
“No, I was just reliving that awful scene.” She let out a little shudder. 
“So what have you been doing? You haven’t had any time for me lately.” Resentful, Wesley tried his line again.
“I’ve been busy,” she said. “Searching for work is a job in and of itself.” She forgot the horrible scene and the pestering detective; she enjoyed teasing Wesley. “Some of us do need to work to sustain ourselves, you know.”
His laugh revealed perfect white teeth in his tanned face. “I got that . . . you’re implying I don’t do any work.”
She wrinkled her pert nose at him. “Well, I imagine being a playboy does take up most of one's time. Must be exhausting to have an inherited business to run.”
He chuckled in response. “I’m picking up what you’re throwing down; I guess I do make growing my empire seem easy to everyone else. It takes a lot of dedication improving my golf game to impress clients.”
She rolled her eyes; even though she teased him about it, she knew very well it had taken a good amount of hard work, drive, and business savvy to take his father’s business from a small shop on Main Street to an internationally recognized brick and steel company. “I’ll bet. Johnny is so jealous. Apparently he’s seen you on the way to the golf course several times.” Her mood darkened a bit, the events of the day coming back to her—Johnny was still back at the Police station. Was he still being questioned?
She felt him studying her averted profile. “Stop feeling guilty about leaving your fiancé. It’s my turn to have you for a while anyways. I have seniority on Johnny, after all. I found you first. I Should’ve never allowed that creep to start hanging around you in the first place.” 
Katherine forced her attention back to the present. “But you didn’t get to keep me.”
“I tried to. The dashing and handsome Johnny took my place. What does he have that I don’t? Not money, that’s for sure. You know you don’t have to live like this, always searching for another job. You could have a permanent one—with me.” And with that said both parties lapsed into their own thoughts. 
Katherine’s gaze focused out the car window, his words winding in her head. She didn’t know how to put her feelings into words, how to express to him that their relationship had been more of a fun friendship to her. Wesley was light and charming, whereas Johnny was admittedly moodier, but also more attractive in a dark sort of way. “It’s hard to explain, Wesley. You know I’ve always thought highly of your friendship.” 
He sighed dramatically and tried to understand, or so he told himself. “I know. Friends, but nothing else. Now I’ll have to drown my sorrows at the golf club.”
“And with a certain Miss Pamela Brown Torres?” Katherine tried to steer the conversation towards a lighter subject.
He grinned and welcomed the change of conversation mode. “How’d you know? Oh, I suppose the papers . . . ”
“Yep. The society section is always hot on the subject of the two of you.” She dramatized: ‘Heiress and playboy were seen again at the swank Pelican Club in San Francisco. Are wedding bells on the horizon?’”
The convertible slid up along the curb, to park in front of her apartment building. Wesley turned to face her, rested one arm on the back of the seat almost on her shoulders. “I’m glad you’re taking such an interest in my romance life.”
Katherine pretended not to notice the arm. It was near enough to make her slightly uncomfortable; was he doing that on purpose? “Of course. I take an interest in all my friend’s romantic lives. It’s the most interesting part.” She feigned, then teased as she leaned forward a bit more than necessary to escape the arm while she pulled out her compact to dust her face with powder.
Wesley kept his arm in place and acted like there was nothing off, like he didn’t notice her movement to shy away. It was to his satisfaction that he’d at least gotten a reaction out of her—that had to mean something. “Well, not that you really care, but her father’s company is closely aligned with mine. It could be very beneficial to keep strong ties with Mr. Torres,” he added, disappointed that she didn’t press the matter further. 
“And the web entangling you becomes stronger. Does the lady’s father supply the mortar for your brick business?”
“Funny. Almost correct, but not quite. He’s in construction. Has a bunch of deals for apartment buildings pending in Brazil. And since I’m in the process of extending my business ties, it kinda makes sense that we should team up.” He gave her a sarcastic smile. “All the things you can learn on a golf course. You should take it up.”
She smiled as she snapped her compact shut, and relaxed just enough in her seat not to touch his arm. “I didn’t know golf courses catered to architects, especially your club. They seem particularly obsessed with class.”
He let out a little snort. “Like you need to worry about that.” She made a little face at him and he shrugged, finally removing the arm, brushing his fingers along her shoulder as he did. “You never know . . . I’m a pro at teaching it, if you ever want to learn.” 
She opened the door and stepped out. “Maybe one of these days. Thanks for the rescue, Wesley. It was nice to get out of that dreadful police station.”
“It was my pleasure to take you away from Johnny for once.”
“I’ll see you around.”
“You better.” He shifted the car into gear and started forward, before grinding his foot down hard on the brakes after several feet.
“Kate!” He called after her as she began walking towards the entrance of her apartment building.
“Yes?” She turned around to face him.
“You have time for an extra client?”
Her interest caught, Katherine approached the car. “Yes. As a matter of fact, I’m looking for work. The project we were working on with the professor—well you know what happened. It’s basically done, there’s nothing else I can do there . . . do you know someone who needs an architect?”
“Yes. Pamela just bought a place in town. Wants to have it remodeled. Asked if I knew of a talented architect; I told her I did.”
She tried to cover her excitement. “Working for a socialite. That’d be new for me.”
“You interested?”
Kate wanted to shout “of course you dumb ass!” but decided she’d better get that phrase out of her head instead and kept the excitement in her voice to a minimum. “Yes, I’m interested.”
“All right.” Another one of his quick smiles. “I’ll pick you up next week sometime to go see her. That work for you?”
“Yes. Well, depends on what Johnny has going on . . . and if I get called back into the police station or not.” She sighed. “What time were you thinking?”
“Probably next Wednesday or Thursday. I don’t want to intrude on Pamela too soon. I guess you can bring the boyfriend along if you want.” He conceded grudgingly. “Oh, and about the police station—I doubt you’ll get called back in very soon. I know that detective is dense, but he should know better than that.” He let out the clutch, rolling the car forward again. “I’ll phone you Sunday with the full details.”
“All right. I’ll see you later then.” As he waved, the car picked up speed and she watched him drive away, not realizing until she entered the foyer that she was lighthearted again. It was nice to see Wesley again; she hadn’t realized how much she’d missed his company. Of course he was no match for Johnny’s dangerous attractiveness, but he was fun to spend time with. Johnny was more serious and wasn’t the type who had a sense of humor, probably because he had to work too hard at his engineering job. She felt a twang of pity for him as she entered her apartment.
~ ~ ~
The drizzling rain turned into a full-on thunderstorm. Water pounded on the small skylight cut into the ceiling of the police office, doing its best to muffle out all other sounds. Most of the other occupants had left the building, shutting off the lights in their offices. A cleaning woman came in and the soft sloshing of her mop on the floor outside the office where Johnny was still being questioned joined the chorus of rain. Officer Green was forced to almost shout to be heard above the steady deluge pounding onto the glass overhead.
“Why were you at Drake’s apartment?” He spoke so close to Johnny’s face that several drops of saliva hit his cheeks.
Johnny drew his head back, desperately trying to control his anger and wishing he could smack the stupid grin off the detective’s face. Somehow he liked Green even less now than when he’d put him in the clink. “What the big idea? I already told you why I was there.”
“Oh yeah. That’s right.” Green responded sarcastically. “You went there to talk to with Drake about giving Katherine more work.”
“Yes.” He hated having Kate dragged into this mess. Why had she been there? His loosely controlled temper was reaching its breaking point. “Not like you’d understand anything about love.” The words were meant to hurt, hoping he’d strike a nerve. He’d heard from an old prison buddy that Green had been separated from his wife some months back. Would it work? Johnny’s dark eyes glared at the faded brown eyes.
“Why you son of a—!” Green drew back his hand to slap him. “Green!” Bailey’s voice stopped Green’s hand an inch before Johnny’s face. “You know the Captain’s orders—no more roughing up suspects.”
Angry, Green whirled around to Bailey. “You know he’s hiding something. This is the only way to treat guys like this. You have to rough them up. It’s the only language they understand. Besides, I know this goon. We have quite a history.”
“I know about your history, but that’s not how things will be done around here. Not anymore.” Bailey firmly pulled Green away from Johnny and spoke to him from the other side of the room. The faint words drifted back to Johnny. “You get caught again and you’ll lose your retirement. I’m not going to allow it.”
Johnny burst out laughing, reveling at Green’s predicament. Green whipped around with a raised fist only to have Bailey catch him again. “It’s not worth it, Green. Think of your kids. How would you support them?”
Green slowly dropped his hand, his eyes full of hate as he met and held Johnny’s eyes. He slowly deflated like a pricked balloon and sat down on one of the chairs against the wall. He almost looked dejected. 
“Let me take care of this.” Bailey pulled Green’s chair several feet back from where it was in front of Johnny and sat down. Johnny only glared at both of them, equally distrustful of Bailey as he had been of Green.
Bailey’s cool eyes met his angry browns ones, unperturbed by his belligerent attitude. “Since you don’t like Green’s questioning, why don’t you tell us the story from the beginning?”
Refusing to be pacified, Johnny did not intend to fully cooperate. Instead he asked the question which had been scratching at the back of his mind since he was separated from Kate an hour earlier. “You were the one questioning Katherine, right? Where is she now?” He had to know she was okay.
“She went home.” He replied simply.
Relieved that she was out of the situation, Johnny cooled down enough to decide to cooperate to a certain extent. He could take care of himself as long as she was out of here. “What do you want to know? You won’t believe anything I say anyways.” The last he said with a bitter twist; he had figured on being roughed up by the police. It had seemed to be a common practice since he wasn’t from an influential family. 
Bailey leaned forward, his dark eyes intent. “I want to know everything. This is my full-time job. I have plenty of time, all the time in the world until I find out what happened to the late Professor Drake.”
Johnny was amused at his serious attitude. “Enough with the melodrama. He committed suicide. You know as well as I do. The murder weapon was next to his hand. I don’t understand what all this fuss is about—or maybe I do—maybe you don’t have enough to do so you’re making a big deal out of nothing.” His confidence grew as he continued, for he’d detected a spark of anger behind the detective’s eyes. “Wouldn’t want the taxpayers to know their hardearned money is going towards waste, making up cases where there is none, now would you?”
“You’re not in the best of positions yourself. You and your fiancée are seen together at a house where a man turns up dead—unless you can provide me a solid alibi, I’m going to recommend the coroner to hold off on a suicide verdict.” At last he had Johnny’s full attention and knew it. “Now, let’s start over. Tell me the entire story from the beginning. From your point of view. Take your time. Remember, we’ve got all the time in the world.”

Chapter Four

The rain was still pouring late that night, attempting to pierce the thick darkness that had fallen as Katherine sat in front of her vanity applying cold cream. Now that she was alone again, the unwanted thoughts that'd been knocking at the door of her mind walked right in. How had Johnny just happened to appear calmly at the professor's house?  And the professor was dead . . .
She tried to rein in her thoughts. After all, she didn’t feel as though she could trust her own judgment entirely, since she had been in a state of shock. The only thing that seemed clear was Drake’s body—the eye of the storm—everything else was a blur of events encircling it. How she wished she had thought to ask Johnny more questions before the police got to him. Of course there was a simple explanation. Maybe he knew someone who lived next door, saw me go inside, something like that. This endless waiting and wondering was beginning to wear her down—why didn't he call her?
The loud jangle of the ringing doorbell broke through her musings about the evening. Startled out of her reflections, she squinted up at the clock. Almost midnight. Could it be Johnny? Was it the police again? She hurriedly wiped off the cold cream with a tissue and ran a brush through her hair. Her body screamed at her when she moved; the tiredness in her bones seemed to pound with every movement as she stepped from the bedroom into the small living room. Opening the front door, she stood startled for a moment, the light from her bedroom spilling across the floor and creeping to her feet. 
Her fiancé was silhouetted against the bright light of the hallway. He leaned against the doorjamb, looking tired, and gave her a weak smile. 
“Johnny!” She pulled him into the apartment and shut the door. “Are you okay? What’s the matter? What happened? She turned their silhouettes into fully fleshed beings by flicking a switch to flood the living room with light. Then she remembered her already-washed face. “I’m a wreck! You should’ve called me before coming over. I don’t even have my face on.”
He sighed and gave her a half smile. “Don’t worry about it. You always look beautiful.” He tilted up her chin and looked into her eyes for a moment before briefly pressing his lips on her forehead. His eyes searched her living room. “You have anything to drink?”
“Of course. I’ll get you something. What would you like?” The peaceful world where his kiss had sent her dissipated with his words.
He removed his hat and placed it on the stand beside the door, strode to her beige couch in front of the dead fireplace and relaxed into the worn cotton tweed as he pulled a cigarette out of his pocket. “Scotch. No ice.” His hand and the stainless steel lighter in it shook slightly as he lit the cigarette. 
“You should light that thing sometimes.” He nodded to the fireplace, a cigarette in the side of his mouth distorting his words. “It’s chilly in here.”
In the kitchen, she poured the pale amber liquid into a small crystal glass and looked out. “I know it is. When I’m gone all day it just seems like too much work for only one person.”
He grinned up at her as she brought him his drink. “We’ll fix that soon enough. Where would you prefer to live—your place, or mine? Probably yours; it’s much nicer than mine.” His eyes took in the small room, which looked larger thanks to the large mirror over the fireplace. She’d decorated the room with a mix of beiges, accented with red. Red cushions, tawny curtains, the ceramic lamp bases were admittedly a brighter shade of red than the cushions, but one couldn’t be picky in the face of a bargain.
“Let’s not worry about that now.” She handed him his drink, noticing as she did the haggard lines around his eyes, the tired stoop of his shoulders; he looked spent and beaten. And Johnny was never beaten. “What happened? After I left the police station—did everything go well?”
He took a sip of the drink and sank a little further into the couch. “It went fine. They gave me the third degree. Not having a perfect pedigree, combined with the time I did made me an automatic suspect of course.”
The couch let out a little squeak of protest when she sat on its arm and began rubbing his back comfortingly. “Suspect? Suspect for what? It was obviously a suicide. The man was holding a gun for goodness’ sake!”
Leaning forward, elbows resting on his knees, he studied his drink as it swirled around in the glass. “Of course it was a suicide. They just want a patsy, someone to push around, make it look like they’re earning their paycheck. The public is always more impressed with an arrest—a bad guy brought to justice is always more notable than a simple suicide.”
“Well, I’m certainly glad they’re done with that now.” Katherine took his drink in her hand and sipped it before passing it back to him. She let out a sigh, her worries still dogging her. “I don’t know about that Detective Bailey. He seems to think there’s something else going on.”
Katherine felt Johnny’s body tense and he snapped to attention, his head jerking up like he’d been touched by an electric charge. “Why do you say that?”
“Well. I—I’m not sure.” She stammered, confused by his sharp reaction. “It’s not a big deal. He just mentioned something about seeing me around, as though he weren’t done questioning me yet.”
“Oh.” Johnny looked back at his drink before downing it in one gulp. 
It was quiet in the room, the rain sounding against the windows. Katherine wished she had thought to light the fireplace. Johnny was right—it was cold in here. 
“I suppose you’ll be wanting me to leave soon.” He brooded, shattering the cozy atmosphere.
She studied his averted profile, not liking the sulky distance her comment about Bailey had created. Maybe he just needed a good night's sleep. And she needed time to think, to figure out what had happened. She would have to ask him why he was at Drake’s apartment later, when he was in a better mood. “I don’t mean to rush you, but it is almost my bedtime. I might have a potential client next week.”
“Oh really?” he asked, distracted, as he stood up and pulled on his gray overcoat. “Anyone I know?”
Her countenance lost some of its hopeful eagerness as she noted his preoccupied disinterest in her news. “Not directly, no. It’s a friend of Wesley’s.”
His frown looked something like a cross between a dark cloud and a cranky feline. “Of course.” Jealously tinged his voice. “It had to be Wesley to find you a job.”
Irritated at his attitude, Katherine opened the door for him to leave. “Oh, cut it out. It’s a lady friend—a rich one at that. He won’t even notice I’m in the room.”
“Well, it’s about time he found someone else instead of hanging around you constantly.” He smiled, paused at the threshold, and as though remembering something, turned around to give her a long kiss goodbye. “What time next week?” 
“Not sure yet. Wesley is going to figure it out and call me Sunday.”
“Call me when you know. I might swing by to meet this new lady friend of Wesley’s.” He gave her another smile, this one more tired than the last, as he replaced his hat. “Bet she doesn’t compare to you.”
Katherine laughed in the act of playfully pushing him out the door. “All right. Get outta here. I’ll call you when I know what’s happening.” It wasn’t until after he’d left and she leaned weakly against the door that she remembered that she hadn’t asked him what he was doing in the apartment. Why? Was it because she didn’t want to know the answers?
~ ~ ~
Wednesday had come around fast, bringing with it the sun, shining brightly as it warmed the chill from the morning. The mirrored hallway of Wesley’s penthouse reflected the lime green of Katherine’s dress, her white scarf hung loosely around her neck. 
McNab, Wesley’s man that moved him between his “cottage” and his penthouse, showed her into the living room where Wesley stood by a mahogany bookshelf, dressed in slacks and a pullover sweater. His eyes brightened when he caught sight of Katherine. He let out a low whistle. “Nice haircut, although it’s going to take me a while to get used to you with short curls. Sophisticated, that’s word for it.”
 She smiled and pulled off her gloves, an action which to her seemed like the shedding of events, including Drake’s death a week prior, from her mind. This was work now. She had to focus on work and not let her personal preoccupation with Johnny interfere.
“It felt like time for a change. Besides, I don’t want to embarrass you in front of your sweetheart—and my potential future boss.”
“No need to worry about that.” The words had barely left Wesley’s lips before the buzzer rang and she followed him back down the hall where McNab held the door open; in swept an attractive, petite brunette with sparkling black eyes and smooth olive skin. Her draping green dress was the latest word in fashion. 
“Wesley, good morning.” The woman literally skipped across the remaining expanse of the floor over to Wesley, reminding Katherine of a child bouncing up and down waiting for candy. No wonder she was so slim; she didn’t give the impression of being able to sit still for long.
“Finally here?” Wesley winked at Katherine. “We’ve been waiting forever.” He surveyed her and the enveloping green dress. “What, out of mourning already?”
“Yes.” The motion with which her hand swept the mossy dress was as though she were clearing away an unseen cobweb. “Well, it’s not like he was blood related, just a close family friend. I think it’s quite appropriate.”
Katherine’s eyes held an unspoken question as they met Wesley’s. His gaze held hers as he responded, “Pamela’s family came up here for Professor Drake’s funeral.” Katherine was startled. She had no idea that Wesley’s friend would’ve known Phillip as well. It seemed as though she couldn’t escape for today, after all.
Pamela pivoted as he spoke and saw Katherine standing awkwardly next to the door. “Oh my! I’m so sorry—I didn’t see you standing there.” She released Wesley, walked at a more normal pace over to Katherine, and extended her hand, flashing a genuine smile. “I’m Pamela. You must be Kate? Wesley speaks often of you.”
Kate shook Pamela’s hand, instantly liking her but slightly overwhelmed by the woman’s vibrant personality. “Only good things, I hope.” 
“Oh, of course. Nothing but the best. He’s always raving about how talented you are . . . but he somehow left out how pretty you were, though. I wonder why.” She looked up coyly at Wesley.
“Yes, Wesley, tell us why.” Katherine teased. “Were you afraid it would overshadow her perception of my architectural skills?”
“Perhaps he sees you in a different light than the rest of us.” Pamela laughed.
“I should’ve known you two girls would be dangerous together.” A dull red color crept up his face as he edged towards to the door. Katherine's eyebrows rose in amusement at his evident uncomfortable state. It wasn’t like Wesley to be bashful.
“Yes, let’s go,” Pamela agreed, following his movement for the door. “If we hurry we can finish in time to grab some dinner downtown.” And with that suggestion she slid her arm underneath Wesley’s and chatted the entire way down to his convertible.
Pamela kept up such a consistent monologue that, by the time they reached the car, Katherine felt as though she’d known her prospective client for years. Nothing seemed too guarded or private to share. By the time they’d left the parking lot, Katherine knew all about Pamela’s mother, her father, and her stepbrother whom she rarely saw. But another question was bugging Kate that she didn’t dare ask: what else Pamela knew about Drake.
The city’s high-rises gave background to the burning curiosity in Katherine's mind, and, as Wesley maneuvered the auto, she tried to satisfy it by directing questions to Pamela.  “Where is your new place?”
“Oh gosh, I’m so terrible with directions.” Pamela paused for an instant, her brow creased as she mentally drove to the beach house. “We go up the highway for a bit, then turn off towards the bay . . . then the turnoff is close to the water on the left.” 
And all the while Pamela continued describing her house to Katherine until she finally realized Wesley had pulled the convertible to a stop—several minutes prior. Stepping out of the car in relief, Kate held the door for Pamela, who instead clambered out Wesley’s side. 
They’d pulled off onto a small sandy inlet which lay practically on the beach, but Kate couldn’t at first see any house. Then she saw it. Hidden behind a cluster of palm trees and some natural landscaping, a large Spanish-style stucco sat almost directly on the sandy beach. A steep treelined cliff led up to the highway behind it. 
“Every time I see it I just want to run up to it and hug it!” Pamela squealed excitedly. 
“How do we get there?” Katherine asked, noting no appearance of a driveway.
“That’s part of the problem.” Wesley informed her. “The previous owner was a bit eccentric . . . valued his privacy quite a bit and took some measures to make sure he’d keep it. The lack of a road is one of them. Only way to the house is on those small stepping stones or through the sand.” He motioned to blue, purposefully misshapen stonework that formed a little winding path down the hill, then to the sandy stretch of beach winding around in a semicircle. “The house is situated in such a way that when the tide is up, the house is virtually inaccessible, unless you want to swim, of course, though the water never really actually reaches the house since its protected by the cove.”
“This man sounds intriguing. Wesley, almost sounds like something you’d do.” Katherine playfully nudged him with a wink before she continued. “Must have been quite an eccentric, as you put it. What was he, a movie star or something?” She was pulling off her heels to walk in the sand, and, looking at Wesley from the corner of her eye, saw him putting out his arm to assist Pamela. 
“Something like that.” He paused. Pamela continued walking ahead, and Kate looked up at him; their eyes met and he said with a grin, “But no, he couldn’t be anything like me. I’m far too dashing.” 
“Uh huh.” She laughed and took a step into the sand, only to grimace as she glanced down at her legs. Another pair of silk stockings ruined. Lifting her skirt several inches, she examined the damage. No wonder Pamela hadn’t worn any. 
“Should be able to write off a new pair of stockings as a tax-deductible expense,” Wesley commented, joking aside, his eyes on her legs.
Katherine flushed and straightened, at the same time pulling her skirt down quickly over her knees. 
He laughed at her surprised expression, and she thought his eyes looked rather smoldering to her as they met hers. “I know business better than you think.”
Uncomfortable, she glanced away and forced her voice to remain on a light note. “Forgive me. Apparently I was grossly mistaken about your business abilities.” The last sentence she dropped behind her back as she made a mental note to be more careful in the future about how she teased Wesley and hurried to catch up with Pamela, who stood impatiently in the sand before them.
“Well? What do you think of my beach house?”
Katherine hoped her face wasn’t flushed as she pulled her thoughts away from Wesley and turned her attention to the house. “It going to have an amazing view, I can tell. Does not having a garage or better parking bother you?”
“Oh, not particularly.” Pamela giggled as they reached the door and she pulled out a full keychain. “It’s exciting for me to have to walk somewhere. I can almost hide out here. Except it’s almost a bit creepy. ” She shivered at the last. 
Only half of what Pamela was saying registered with Kate, who was having a hard time keeping her attention on the house. Was Wesley making a play for her? He seemed different in a way she couldn’t quite put a finger on. It was almost like he was more down to earth, more accessible and yet—sort of reckless? She tried the last thought on for size and it seemed to fit like the key her potential boss was inserting into the lock; the grating noise snapped her wandering mind back to the present and she mentally warned herself to focus on her job.
Pamela pushed open the door and stepped inside; then Wesley stepped back to allow Katherine to enter before him. Pausing inside the hallway, Kate took in the sleek polished wood finishing contrasted by colonial furniture and floral patterns against a backdrop of traditional architecture. The large beach-facing window was the center of attention, spanning the upper and lower levels where it was flanked by a spiral staircase. Intricate crown moldings formed into archways breaking the large space up into smaller sections. The house had a friendly, if not mismatched vibe and she looked around in pleasure. No wonder Pamela said she felt like hugging it.
In the northeast corner stretched three tall bookshelves in front of which two leather chairs lounged casually. A lonely door with a rustic handle, slightly ajar, peeked from a yellow expanse of wall on the left side of the bookcases, and a glimpse of the kitchen with its terracotta floor was visible through it. 
They moved through a Pamela-led tour of the house, passing through the first story before making their way up to the second story. As they started down the spiral staircase, Katherine paused, catching her breath at a view of the ocean perfectly framed in ebony window trimming. “The view really is marvelous. I can practically smell the salt water.”
“That’s because the window is open.” Wesley pointed to a lower, separate piece of the window, which was cracked several inches.
Katherine rolled her eyes and instead directed another question to Pamela, who was giggling at Wesley’s comment. “What exactly did you want done with the place? It’s charming and has a unique personality of its own. I’m not sure I’d want to change much structurally.”
Pamela puckered her brow and surveyed the room as though for the first time. “I don’t know. It might be more of an interior designer that I need. It looks great—that’s why I bought it—but something about it just looks old to me. I want it to feel more modern, not so nineteenth-century-ish. I tried bringing in a bunch of new furniture, but it still feels old to me.”
“In other words. Change everything but don’t change anything.” 
“Shut up, Wesley.” Pamela giggled again. “She knows what I mean.”
“I believe I get it. You want me to redesign the interior. Mostly decorating, maybe move some structural elements if necessary, but you want to keep the quaint cozy feeling that drew you to the house in the beginning.”
“See?” Pamela playfully poked Wesley’s side as they reached the bottom of the stairs. “She does know exactly what I want.”
“Apparently she can read your mind all right, but she seemed to have a hard time reading mine. ” Grant’s eyes met Kate’s. She quickly looked down, afraid of the intensity she saw there. What was he getting at? Did he still have feelings for her? She thought that was over between them long ago. He was acting so jovial today she couldn’t figure out if he was joking or not. 
Trying to ignore him, Kate said, “A new paint job would be ideal. Maybe switch around the placement of some of the rooms—it looks a bit odd to me having that little library section over there. Perhaps we should give the library an area of its own?”
But by now Pamela’s attention was waning as she casually glanced around. “Sure, sounds good. Could you show me a sketch or model of it before you start working?”
“Of course. I’ll make some watercolor renderings of everything. Naturally I’ll have to come back and measure all the interior rooms. You don’t happen to have a copy of the original floor plans? That would save me a lot of time.”
Pamela’s face went blank and Katherine realized she’d almost lost her attention completely as the woman thought for a moment. “No. I don’t believe I do. I think the realtor mentioned something about them, but I don’t remember exactly what he said.” 
“Oh. That’s okay.” Katherine assured her, now wanting to finish up the work discussion equally as bad. “It just would’ve been nice to have something to go off of.”
“But you really don’t need them, do you?” Worry tinged Pamela’s voice. “Those old drawings. Can’t you just think up something new?”
“Of course. I can take my own measurements for what’s needed.”
“Great. Then we should go for a swim! It’s a lovely day for a swim.” Pamela squeaked with excitement.
Katherine looked longingly at the inviting beach. “If only I’d brought my suit. I had no idea you were planning on swimming.”
“Oh, it’s okay,” Pamela said. “I always have extras for guests. I’m sure you can find your size.” Indecisiveness trapped Kate between spending time with Pamela and Wesley and wanting to see Johnny. She thought about her promise to call him if it looked interesting, about him not liking to be left alone.
“There’s plenty of time for you to work.” Wesley said, obviously attributing her hesitation to her work ethic. “Pamela is going to give you a spare key anyway. You can come here to work whenever you like, Just not when we’re around wanting to have fun.”
“All right.” She finally conceded, flashing Pamela a quick grin. “Swimming sounds great. Mind if I call Johnny and see if he wants to join in?”
Wesley was shaking his head when Pamela answered, “Of course! You can invite anyone you like. There are plenty of swimsuits to go around.”

Chapter Five

Johnny’s work papers blurred before his red, strained eyes; the equation turned from numbers to little gray blobs. He forcibly shut his eyes and held them tightly closed for an instant before he opened them again to look up at the clock. Through the foggy, throbbing ache of his head came the resurging dull pain of his right leg muscle, that pain which had made itself a constant companion over the last decade. His mind stopped from its tour of past memories and focused instead on present time. Only two thirty. An overwhelming feeling of claustrophobia enveloped him so strongly he felt he had to break free. 
His mind screamed for fresh air and nicotine. Grabbing a pack of cigarettes from the top drawer of his desk, ignoring the questioning look of his boss and making no attempt to disguise his limp, Johnny stepped from his office and briskly headed for the little door in the interior face of the brick building. The one which led to a narrow fire escape beyond.
Even the small, narrow platform clad in cold steel was a welcome change to the stagnant and suffocating calm inside the office. From beneath drifted up the noisy honking of car horns, muted by the twenty stories that separated him from the street. He took a long drag on his cigarette and slowly blew out the smoke and all thoughts of his work. In his mind he reran the picture of a trapped rat in a cage, a rat going round and round on a little wheel, never getting anywhere, never resting. And in his thoughts, he was that varmint.
“What’s gotten into you?” The voice of his supervisor broke Johnny’s thoughts. The wheel stopped. Jerry Weinman’s small frame joined his taller, thicker one on the narrow platform, forcing Johnny to create space by moving against the flimsy metal railing. Jerry was a short man who made up his lack of height with attitude. His hair always looked a little too shiny, his movements a little too snake-like. But he and Johnny had been cohorts for too many years now, joined together with unbreakable bonds. Jonathan had gone to jail for a small-time robbery that was Jerry’s genius, but Jerry had later saved his life in South America. 
Johnny raised his shoulders in a shrug. His boss’s close proximity made him uneasy. The cold, steel guardrail digging into his lower back added discomfort. His hand shook slightly as he held a black lighter encrusted with one small diamond in the upper right corner to his cigarette.
The flame died once, then again as he flicked his fingers quickly across the lighter’s knobbed wheel until finally the flame grabbed hold and stood like a tin soldier under his smoke butt.
The curling of the ember-holding paper as it burned up was the only response Jerry received. Weinman’s eyes narrowed as he studied Jonathan. “Not getting cold feet, are you?”
“No. Of course not.” Johnny’s eyes remained adverted from those of his boss as he smoked nervously. “Just can’t be in that room anymore today. Can’t take it anymore.”
The hard steel in Jerry’s eyes turned instead to wood. “You’re due for a break, kid. I know it gets hard sitting there all day. It’s hard for me too. Take the rest of the day off. Go call your girl. Have some fun. I’ll call you in the morning.” Johnny partially turned his back towards Weinman, trying to block out his voice.  
“Well, what are you waiting for?” Jerry asked with a tinge of irritation, as Johnny made no response. “Get lost!” He paused a moment with the door open until Johnny finished his smoke and tossed the glowing butt between one of the railing bars. Jerry spoke again, his head looking over his shoulder at Johnny. “Do what you need to do to pull yourself together. We’ve got an important job to finish up.”
Keeping his back to Jerry, Jonathan said, “I’ll get it together. Call me tomorrow when you’re ready.”
The clanging of the closing door was his cue; Johnny turned to face it and his eyes quickly assured him Jerry was gone. His fingers felt in his breast pocket for another cigarette. None. A panicky feeling gripped him; his mind grabbed for a thought to stop it. He had another pack in his car. If that failed, he had them at home. The street seemed to be moving beneath him as he looked over the rail into the depth below. 
He closed his eyes and allowed his other senses to heighten, his mind to run free. The breeze pushed against his face, the smell of hot asphalt against his nose, the noise of the traffic below became a calming river of notes urging him to join them. He imagined his body falling weightless through the air; gravity ceased to hold him as the chains of life snapped. 
Suddenly Katherine’s face appeared and with it a hope for life, and he reached for her, for the best part of himself—he had to see her, to be near her. “Katherine, help me,” he whispered through clenched teeth. “Help me, please.” Death’s fingers brushed his eyes as he opened them with a resolve not to give in yet. Full of numbness, he gingerly swung his legs back onto the platform from where he’d crawled to balance precariously on the top of the flimsy bars.
~ ~ ~
Four towels laden with relaxing bodies wearing wet, clinging fabric were arranged in a semi-circle around a bonfire. The sun had begun its descent on the horizon and was sending out its messengers in an array of colors as its final farewell.
Wesley, lying on his stomach between Pamela and Katherine, his chin resting in his cupped hands, elbows pushing his blue-checkered towel into the sand, surreptitiously watched Johnny, who was lighting another cigarette. Grant did the math; that made about ten since his arrival a few hours ago. He didn’t recall Johnny being such a heavy smoker. What was eating him?  
Someone touched Johnny’s shoulder—Katherine’s hand caressed it as she looked up at him with a glow in her eyes and laughed at something he was saying. Kate didn’t seem to notice anyone else; having Johnny there was enough to make her happy, Wesley thought jealously. He found himself wishing he was the one next to her, that he was the one she was touching, the one she was smiling up at adoringly. But no, Johnny was the lucky guy.
The soft pattering of running feet, their sound muffled by the deep sand, interrupted his broodings. He followed Katherine’s glance and looked behind him to recognize the fellow from the steam room—Mike Donovan—running along the water, clad only in a pair of short, navy-blue swim trunks. The setting sun with trailing colors of orange and pink lent an extra brilliant glow to his already bronzed skin. 
Mike’s head turned as he looked casually towards the group seated in the sand, reminding Wesley of an Olympic runner accepting tribute from an adoring crowd. Donovan’s perfectly paced steps faltered as he recognized Wesley, and a large smile spread across his face. “Hey, Wesley!”
Oh no, Wesley thought, I can never get away from this goon; he raised his hand in a pathetic greeting. “Mike! Didn’t know this was part of your turf.”
Mike trotted effortlessly up the short distance to the group; his gaze rested first on Katherine, then Pamela, his smile growing even bigger at the sight of two beautiful women in swimsuits. “It is now. Needed to get a run in and just started running this way. Must admit I’m pretty stoked to see you though. Wasn’t really looking forward to running the whole way back.”
Pamela’s eyes grew large with obvious wonder and admiration as they took in Mike’s bronze body glistening with perspiration. “You ran all the way from town?”
“Yep.” Mike dropped down to the sand and squished himself between Wesley and Pamela, making himself at home as he reclined on his side, one elbow propped up supporting his weight. “It’s really not all that far.” His free hand swept along in the coastline in a broad gesture. “As the crow flies along the water, it’s really only about fifteen-plus miles.”
Pamela’s eyes looked like they couldn’t possibly grow any larger. For a moment in utter silence she simply stared up at him in wonderment. At last the awkward quiet was broken by Katherine. She extended her hand to Donovan. “I’m Katherine. This is Pamela and my fiancé, Johnny. You obviously already know Wesley here.”
Wesley watched her as she made the introductions. Was it his imagination or did her gaze dip briefly to take in Mike’s bulging biceps? What the hell did he have to do to win back some of that admiration she was now lavishly giving the other men? 
“Sure do know old Wes here.” Mike gave Wesley a playful slap on the back that almost pushed him in into the sand. “We met at the club a while back. Had an interesting game of tennis going on.”
Now that the attention was back on him, Wesley straightened his back a bit to get a more flattering pose. “Yeah, for about five minutes. Make yourself comfortable. We were just thinking about roasting marshmallows.” 
“I’m happy where I’m at.” Mike responded to Wesley’s invitation while winking at a slightly flushed Pamela. The only one seemingly unimpressed by Mike’s physical appearance was Johnny. Broodingly smoking his cigarette, he had only afforded Mike a quick cursory glance since he came on the scene.
And now Katherine, who had given Mike more than a cursory glance, seemed to be more preoccupied with Johnny than the new hero, and was trying to bring him into the conversation. “Johnny loves a good game of tennis, considers himself quite the professional.”
Mike jumped at the chance. “Really? We should have a game or two together. I’d love to see you show off your skill.” At Johnny’s silence he modified with, “If you’d like to, of course.”
Johnny shrugged carelessly. “Sure. I’ll play.”
“It’s settled then.” Mike almost seemed relieved that Johnny had responded. “What do you say about next week sometime, eh, Wesley?”
Wesley studied the couple, searching for some sort of hint of what was wrong with Johnny. He’d never been a very chipper fellow, but today he was positively gloomy. Finding nothing he could put a finger on, he turned his attention back to Donovan. “Sure. Sounds great. We should do it after business hours so everyone can make it. Not everyone is a tennis star with a free schedule.” And with that said, he looked back at Katherine, baiting her to bug him about what she dubbed his playboy status. All he got was a slight smile; she was still preoccupied with Johnny.
Mike and Pamela seemed to be the only ones with their minds there at the moment. “How about next Thursday, seven o'clock?” Mike offered. And Pamela was, for her, astonishingly quiet; she just hung onto every word Mike said as though he were a Greek god speaking the truth.  
“Deal.” Morgan smiled and let out some of his roguish charm that made Wesley want to punch him from jealousy, especially when Katherine leaned forward and kissed Johnny on the cheek. “Sounds great. It’ll be nice to have an outing after being cooped up in the office.”
Wesley narrowed his eyes, feeling extremely relieved that Johnny didn’t turn his head to return Katherine’s kiss as he chimed in, “Cocktails and snacks at my place afterwards. I have to give my staff something to do.”

Chapter Six

Late Thursday afternoon, Wesley’s East Bay cottage was bustling with the after-tennis party in full swing. The ‘cottage,’ as it was affectionately called by the Grant family, consisted of a large sprawling, Spanish-style estate that seemed to grow in charm as it aged—and it was where Wesley spent his time on weekends when he wasn’t in his flat downtown.
The sky was cloudless and the tips of towering trees shaded the guests, who relaxed in lounge chairs by the heated pool; the water splashed over the edge of the pool as swimmers romped around. Katherine, her figure clad in a white swimsuit that hugged her curves, stood silhouetted against the sky for an instant before she dived into the cool water. The diving board continued to rock as Katherine’s head popped up from the water a moment later and, with a few sharp freestyle strokes, she reached the pool’s edge and hoisted herself out.
She was shaking her hair out of its cap when Johnny commented, “You really should teach me to dive sometime.” She joined him at the other end of the pool where he sat hunched, dangling his feet in the water. His green swimming trunks contrasted with his tanned skin made Katherine catch her breath and she tried to keep herself from staring at his rugged form.
“It’s simple.” She teased. “You just have to get used to keeping your head down. Though it’d probably be easier to practice in a normal pool. This one feels like a bloody hot tub.” Instead of ribbing her in response as she’d expected, Kate was surprised to see her comment upset him.  
“What’s with these subtle jibes you’re always making at me?”
Slightly confused, she searched for a placating answer. “I didn’t mean anything. Of course I can teach you how to dive anytime you wish.”
“Anytime? Are you sure you’re not otherwise engaged?”
She glanced up from her cap that she had been twisting in her hands to look at him fully, yet he kept his gaze focused down at the water. “What are you talking about? You know I always make time for you when you want.”
His attitude was still surly as he responded, “I feel like you’re keeping stuff from me. It shouldn’t be that way between a man and a woman about to be married.”
Katherine’s felt her head spin. What was he referring to? “What do you feel like I’m hiding from you?”
“I can sense something,” he answered vaguely. “I just know something’s off . . . something feels different than it used to.”
Her mind went into offensive double action; she tried to think of something to tell him while she wondered if he was hiding anything from her. After all, he had been acting very strangely lately.  “Johnny, I’m not hiding anything from you. I think maybe you’re just overly stressed from work, and ever since this incident with Drake, you don’t seem yourself lately.”
He didn’t respond instantly, just sullenly kicked at the water with his left foot. A few drops of water splashed another one of the guests swimming past, and Johnny stopped kicking the water. “Maybe.” She had just time think that it wasn’t like him to drop an argument so easily when he continued. “A change of pace would be nice. We should get married and move to South America. Or Africa. Anywhere—just to get away from this place.”
Katherine stared at him in shock. “Get away? But I thought you loved the bay! You told me you didn’t like South America, that you wanted to get away from there. Now you want to get away from here?” Then a thought struck her and her voice turned indignant. “Are you sure it’s not me you want to get away from?”
“Of course not! You know how I feel about you. It’s this blasted place. You just don’t know what it’s like, the same people over and over again. I’m just fed up with it.”
Relief that he still cared for her coupled with a worry for what was eating him filled Katherine as she patted him on the back. “I think you need a break. Take a vacation. Go somewhere. You seem uptight.”
“He’s always uptight.” A voice behind them interrupted. The couple turned startled eyes to where Wesley stood behind them by the pool waiting for them to dry off and change. His image seeming to glow as it was outlined against the red embers of the outdoor heater. “The party has headed inside . . . everyone but you two.” His eyes held a question when they met Katherine’s. Her heart skipped a beat. How long had he been standing there? Did he know they’d been arguing?
Katherine turned her head to regard the now quiet pool and empty lounge chairs beside it. Wesley was right; there were no other guests left outside. “Oh. I didn’t realize,” she said in a rather flat tone.
“I’ll say you didn’t. Refreshments were announced fifteen minutes ago.” 
She and Johnny stood up in unison; Johnny muttered something about having to make a phone call and walked hurriedly ahead of them to the house.
Katherine’s eyes followed his disappearing back in concern while she walked beside Wesley towards the house. “What bit him?” Wesley asked as Johnny entered the house and slammed the door behind him.
“I’m not exactly sure, but I’m worried about him. Something’s eating him alive.”
Stepping forward, Wesley opened the door that Johnny had banged shut and held it for Katherine. “Why? If it was anything serious I’m sure he would’ve told you. Or would he?”
They were coming into the hearing range of the other guests and Katherine lowered her voice. “I think he would, but he’s been acting so strange lately.” And with that they drifted towards the living room where Mike and Pamela were engaged in conversation.
“It was a bit disappointing, to be honest,” Mike was saying. “I feel like the artist was emotionally involved in his work, but something was missing.”
“Don’t spoil it for me,” Pamela protested as she smiled a welcome to Wesley and Katherine. “I’m going to see it next week with some of my girlfriends.”
“Talking about the new display at the SFMOMA?” Wesley asked. “I’ve been wanting to go see that. Kate and I might tag along with you, Pamela.”
Pamela looked towards Katherine for her response. “Sound good to me. I’m surprised at Wesley’s wanting to go though, perhaps it should be a girls only adventure?” 
“No way,” Wesley responded quickly. “I’m not missing out on this outing. I’m a demon for good art. Oh and speaking of which, I just remembered—Pamela, I have a new painting I’ve been wanting to show you.”
“Really? I guess I should be flattered that you’d think of me when you obtain a new painting.”
“I must admit, I’m a bit jealous you didn’t think of me,” Katherine quipped, and wondered if she’d caught a glint in Wesley’s eyes or if it was just her imagination.
“Where is this painting?” Mike asked impatiently. “Now that you’ve built it up, I want to see it too.”
“Right this way.” Wesley made a mock bow and led the way up a large curving staircase, leaving the other guests below. “It’s actually still in my closet. I haven’t decided where to put it yet. Perhaps the architect can tell me where it would be at the best vantage point.”	
Katherine smiled as they reached his bedroom door. He opened the door and the four went in and crossed the pine floor to the other end of the bedroom where a walk-in closet door, a white bathrobe hanging from it, stood ajar. Several suits in different colors hung on one side, shorts and sports attire were folded on a top shelf, pants were folded or hanging in another section. Wesley stuck his arm through a field of polo shirts and pushed them aside to reveal a dark cloth covering what Katherine assumed to be a canvas painting the same height as him and almost as wide.
He gave the shirts an irritated push to the right and pulled the wrapped painting out, carrying it over to his king-size bed. He leaned it against the mattress and pulled off the cloth. Pamela gasped and stared at the emotionally charged scene of a raging sea and a hint of a distressed ship. “Where did you—it can’t be!”
“No, it’s not yours—I wish, but it’s the closest thing to it. An imitation. Pretty good if you ask me.”
Katherine looked from Pamela to the impressionist painting where strong brush strokes merged the tempestuous blue and black of the shore and water to the yellows and oranges and reds of the sky. “You had one similar to this? A J.M.W. Turner?”
Pamela nodded, her eyes still locked on the painting. “We owned the original. My father bought it from an art dealer when I was little.”
“Owned? What happened to it?”
“It was stolen. Somehow, gosh, about ten years ago now, it just disappeared from our house in Rio. No sign of a break-in, no leads, nothing. The police could never figure out who took it and it never turned up. I believe my father eventually got the insurance money for it, but he was always heartbroken about the painting. Swore for years that an architect that had once worked for him took it. What was his name? Sam, I believe.”
“How terrible for you—is, is this imitation very close?” Katherine asked as she stuck her nose up to the painting and studied the movement of the brushstrokes.  
“It looks remarkably similar from what I remember.” Pamela also leaned forward and squinted at it. “Of course it’s been so many years since I’ve seen the original, so my memory could very well be tainted.”
Mike, who had been silent up to this point, joined the conversation. “It’s a decent imitation, but not that impressive by my observation. If you notice the ‘handwriting’ here . . . they try to imitate the brushstrokes of the great masters, but they fall short. They aren’t precise enough. I even believe the composition is a bit off; your eye moves around the painting too much. Turner always portrays a specific idea. I don’t get anything concrete from this.”
Pamela nodded, proud he had found an error. “Now that you point it out, I see what you mean. When I first saw it I was so startled I thought it was ours. But of course you’re right, it’s an amateurish imitation. Wherever did you get it from, Wesley?”
“Actually”—he looked at Katherine as he answered—“from an old acquaintance of ours: Professor Drake.”
Katherine met his eyes in surprise. “Professor Drake! I thought you had a falling out with him?”
“We did. You remember our little disagreement we had a while back? Well, he realized he was in the wrong and brought me this painting as a peace offering. Apparently he’d heard about my dabbling in art and thought I’d like this painting he’d gotten from a flea market. Of course, imitation or not, I accepted it.”
“Of course.” Katherine smiled. Wesley was such a pushover when it came to art; she thought about how he had so many paintings that his servants regularly rotated the collection to display different pieces like a museum.
“Decent, but not good enough to fool me.” Mike repeated as he traced his finger over the raised oil paint. 
Wesley rolled his eyes and met Katherine’s, also alight with laughter. “Of course. I never would’ve thought it’d be good enough to fool such a critic as yourself.” 
Katherine smothered a smile as Wesley wrapped up the painting once again and returned it to its storage place in his closet. “I think you should put it in the drawing room, beside the fireplace.”
“Spoken like one who read my mind. I’ll have McNab put it there next month when he switches the paintings. If I try to have him put it up now, it’d confuse him. He has some sort of cataloging system. Every time I put something up out of order he chews me out.”
“He’s got good taste in managing your collection,” Mike commented as they returned to the drawing room. 
Mike’s comment only reached the ears of Pamela as Wesley and Katherine fell behind the others and Kate asked in a low voice, “How come you never told me before that the Professor had given you a painting?”
“You didn’t ask, and I didn’t think to tell you. It wasn’t as though it was a gift of great value. Fine art imitations are easy to come by. I could hire a student from the university to make me one for a cheap dollar. But still, it was a nice gesture for Drake to give me it.”
Katherine nodded, slightly hurt that Wesley hadn’t told her earlier. She’d assumed it’d be natural for him to show her, not Pamela, a work of art. After all, she was the one in architecture, a field closely aligned with artistic design. Was he trying to hide something from her? Or was it Johnny’s insinuation that she was hiding things making her imagine it? She tried to bury her suspicions as Wesley continued to explain himself. “ . . . especially with the Professor’s connections at the university. It would be interesting to know who painted it. It’s quite a good imitation; I didn’t notice the flaws in the technique that Mike did. Donovan isn’t always the expert he pretends to be.” 
Then, as he noted her somber expression, he said, “Care to rejoin the living, sweet?”
Katherine started as he addressed her, before forcing a pathetic chuckle. Inside she wished she could tell him everything, all about her concerns about Johnny, but could she? “I was just wondering where Johnny had vanished to.” It wasn’t a complete lie, she justified to herself, just a small white one. She had been wondering about Johnny, but just about his strange behavior, not about his disappearance. “He said he had a phone call to make when we were coming in from the pool. That was an hour ago.”
Wesley raised his eyebrows, studying her again with a disconcerting gaze. Since when had his eyes become so disturbing to her? It seemed like whenever she looked at him now she had to turn her gaze away. “He left. Didn’t you know?” 
Katherine’s musing look turned blank and she shifted her gaze down to her feet, not wanting Wesley to see the ache in her heart, which must’ve shown in her eyes. Why had he left without saying anything to her? “No. I didn’t know.” She confirmed the obvious. “I assumed he would’ve said something to me before he just up and left.”
As she kept her eyes on her flip-flop-clad feet, she felt Wesley studying the top of her head. “Did you want to phone him and see if he’s alright?”
“No.” Katherine shrugged, as though she didn’t care. She didn’t want Wesley to suspect that there was tension between her and Johnny, but felt as though he already knew. He always seemed to know what she was thinking. What she needed was escape—escape from his searching eyes that seemed to know too much. “I better get going.” She followed up the comment with the first excuse her frozen brain supplied. “It’s getting late. I have work to catch up on.”
Chapter Seven

The curving wooden staircase creaked noisily in the silence following in the wake of the guests’ departure. Wesley winced slightly at the sound; he didn’t want McNab to know he was headed back upstairs to his closet to move the painting. That man was obsessed about anyone looking at “his” art collection. Sometimes that man took it for granted that since his father had worked for Wesley’s father, he could get away with anything. 
It only took him a few minutes to move the painting from his closet and carry it down the hall to the storage room. When he reached the narrow door that led to the storage room, he opened it slowly. How had he never noticed how badly it squeaked? He waited for an instant, and not hearing anything, he flicked on the small light bulb in the storage room and walked in with the imitation J.M.W. Turner. 
“Can I help you with anything?” McNab’s smooth voice behind him caused him to jump, hitting his head on the low doorsill. He rubbed the small bump on his head and glared at McNab. 
“No! I’m fine. Just putting the “J.M.W. Turner” in the storage room—didn't want it to get ruined in my closet.” He held the painting loosely at his side waiting for McNab to leave him in peace.
Not getting the hint, McNab looked at the painting in his hand. “Did you want me to put that painting up somewhere?” 
“No. Thank you, McNab. I was just looking at it. There is no need to put it up sooner than you were planning.”
“If you say, sir.”
“You’re free to have the rest of the weekend off, after you’ve locked up.”
“Thank you, sir.” McNab nodded and finally disappeared silently down the stairs.
If it took giving McNab a couple days off to get rid of him for a minute, it was worth it. McNab was so sensitive about the art, it was as though he were the curator of some prestigious museum or something. Wesley rolled his eyes, walked over to a renaissance painting on the south wall, and gently removed it to hang the J.M.W. Turner in its place. As he stepped back and studied the tempestuous landscape again, he thought about the day Philip Drake had brought it to him as a peace offering several months ago.
“Phillip Drake is here to see you,” McNab had announced at Wesley’s office door. Wesley looked up in surprise. “Well, show him in then.” What could Philip have to say to me? Wesley wondered as he waited for McNab to show Drake in. Only two days ago he'd informed Wesley that he was quitting the project, claimed a time crunch issue as an excuse. He must be coming over to apologize and reschedule the meeting with the engineers. Of course, that was it. He admitted to himself he'd begun to worry that if Drake actually quit, he might take Katherine with him, and he was too attached to her for that. She’d just begun to finally warm up to him as well. The last several weeks had been wonderful—he'd finally convinced her that he wasn’t some vicious wolf on the prowl and she'd relaxed and been a ball of fun.
“Well, this is a pleasant surprise.” Wesley greeted Phillip, who stood awkwardly in the doorway. His lanky figure was dressed fumblingly in a plaid overcoat paired with blue pants. Must be his attire of choice when he’s not in the office, Wesley decided.
Phillip stepped inside, dragging a huge rectangular package behind him and shut the door behind him. “I realize you're most likely not very happy with me right now.” He took a half step forward, then paused again. “And you have every reason to be so.”
“Okay, Phillip, stop with the dramatics.” Wesley chuckled as he leaned back in his black leather chair. “I've never seen you so awkward, but I’m happy to have you back on board. The project needs you—we  all need you. No apologies necessary. We’ll pretend none of this ever happened.” Confident to have passed that hurdle, Wesley sat up straight and opened his black leather-bound schedule book as he flipped to the current week. “Now, when should we schedule the meeting with the structural department?”
“No.” Phillip almost shouted. He swallowed, cleared his throat, and began in a more sedated voice. “I’m not coming back onto the project. I’m done. Nothing has changed my mind.”
Brows furrowed, Wesley studied him, confused. “But I don’t understand. You’re going through with this?”
Phillip nodded.
Wesley studied him a bit longer. “You at least owe me an explanation.”
Phillip opened his mouth as though to speak, then shut it again. He silently leaned the huge package against the office wall. “I’m afraid I can’t give you any more of an explanation than I gave you earlier.”
Wesley chuckled, unable to believe what he’d just heard. “No explanation? Come on, Phillip. We aren’t first graders in a schoolyard disagreement.” His smile slowly faded as Phillip’s face remained drawn, almost haggard-looking. “The only explanation I’m to get is you’re suddenly too busy?” It wasn’t really a question, and the instant it left his mouth, Wesley realized it was a statement. Befuddled, he leaned back in his chair again, waiting for Phillip to speak.
“I brought you something.” Phillip tapped the rectangular package that took up almost the entire space of wall where'd he set it. “A peace offering of sorts, I suppose you could call it. No hard feelings.”
No hard feelings? Wesley bit back a peal of laughter as he perceived the man’s obvious distress. What was really going on here? What was Phillip scared of? That ‘too-busy’ excuse was a crock of crap. Who would overbook his schedule and not realize until the project was over half done that he couldn’t complete it? Thoroughly confused, he silently stood up, walked over to the thing leaning against the wall that was as tall as him, and began untying the bulky white knot that held the brown paper swathed around it in place.
“I know you’re an art connoisseur of sorts. I thought maybe this was something you could add to a temporary collection until maybe you find the original.
The white rope fell to the floor and Wesley tore back the paper to reveal the blues and reds of a painting. He stared at it appreciatively for a moment. “A J.M.W. Turner imitation?”
Phillip nodded. “Yes. I know it isn’t much, but I’d be honored if you’d accept it as an olive branch of sorts.”
Wesley stared at him in disbelief, took in his drawn face, then slowly nodded his head. If the man was actually his usual suave self, he could question him more. He dared not push the issue of how Phillip was acting now. Best to play along. He’d bide his time . . . until he could get the real reason out of him. “All right. I’ll accept your peace offering. McNab will be thrilled to have a J.M.W. Turner to add to his collection, even an imitation one.”
Wesley realized Philip had been holding his breath, and now he let it out and looked immensely relieved. He extended a sweaty palm for Wesley to shake. “Thank you. I knew you’d be professional about it.”
Even though you’ve been far from professional!?!? Wesley wanted to yell. Instead, he smiled coolly and shook the moist hand. “Alright, Phillip. I’ll be seeing you around.” Phillip Drake nodded, gave him a shaky relieved smile and hurried out of the office, leaving the door open behind him. Wesley listened to his retreating footsteps as they reached the foyer, heard the creak of the door as he let himself out. He moved angrily over to the window; the fall colors looked much too bright for his mood right now. He felt betrayed having Drake quit on him. And nobody betrayed Wesley Grant.
Slowly his eyes regained their focus as his mind drifted back to the present, to the painting he now looked at with a newfound appreciation. The painting reminded him of the afternoon of his party. When Katherine had looked up and their eyes had met for several seconds. Had she felt the same jolt of electricity that he did? He sighed. He’d been in love with her since she’d first stepped into Phillip’s office wearing that fitted gray suit. The fire in her eyes as she’d been introduced had set his own blood aflame in response. What had she expected when she first met him? She’d almost seemed prepared for battle. A smile crept across his face at the memory. He would ask her the next time he saw her. 
~ ~ ~
Several days later, Wesley was driving his red convertible to the barbershop—he'd decided it was finally time to trim that hair that was threatening to become a mop on his head. His left arm extended over the wheel, his right rested on the clutch as he cruised along the treelined highway headed from his Saratoga cottage to the city. Wesley smiled at the almost empty road. It was nice to just be driving. Sometimes it calmed his nerves. He was relaxed and enjoying the drive when his sharp blue eyes narrowed in speculation—it had been nice and uncrowded until a rusty yellow sedan pulled right in front of him and messed up his awesome view of the tree lines. His foot applied the brake as his car came dangerously close to the sedan. His face held a scowl that he hoped his former head engineer, Jerry Weinman, would see. But his thirst for recompense was let down when he saw that Jerry was so engrossed in what appeared to be a heated discussion with the person in the passenger seat that he failed to even notice he’d cut off a vehicle.
Wesley and Jerry had never gotten along. Sure, Jerry had impressed him enough in his interview that he had hired him as lead engineer for the Drake project, but after that things had just gone downhill. He was competent in his job, Wesley had to admit that, but he was just plain creepy. Wesley always felt he had an ulterior motive. It also didn’t help that Jerry had hired his friend Johnny who had taken his girl from him. From that point on Wesley had decided he and Jerry were definitely not friends. 
As the sedan whipped around a corner, it turned enough for Wesley to identify the passenger—Jonathan Morgan. Jerry was a terrible driver. Johnny better not be as bad behind the wheel. All he needed was another reason to worry about Katherine.
Several minutes later the beat-up yellow car veered from Wesley’s vision as it turned off towards the West end of the city. Wesley’s eyes followed where their car had turned off, when he suddenly jerked the wheel of his car and took the same exit; his pulse sped up as his tires threatened to lose grip on the asphalt, his car skidding to the left. For a moment he thought he understood why Jerry drove the way he did—the adrenaline rush was enough for him to consider it himself. At last the spinning wheels took hold and then his foot found the accelerator and pushed down until Johnny’s head was again visible above the worn blue seat of the shabby sedan. “Maybe I shouldn’t be driving Katherine either.” He chuckled under his breath as he navigated his convertible to an inconspicuous spot several car lengths behind Johnny and his boss.
Wesley’s thoughts raged on. Where were they headed? He decided it was up to him to find out, for Katherine’s sake. Or so he told himself with a smirk. His appointment at the barbershop could wait. In reality his curiosity was piqued as to what Kate’s boyfriend was doing with his boss. The two didn’t strike Wesley as the type to just be going on a date together. The blurred outlines of San Francisco’s downtown high-rises came into focus as the two cars drove forward.
The buildings loomed and grew until they became walls on either side. An easy left, a patch of straight, and soon Wesley recognized the route as one he had taken many times to the university when he had picked up Katherine for a tennis game or dinner. Too bad she’d graduated— getting her out of the dorms had been the perfect excuse for him to take her out. His mouth curled down. He had lost something of great value.
Wesley impatiently tapped his hands on his steering wheel, waiting as a man dressed in a blue business suit crossed the street. Their eyes met briefly through the windshield and a spark of familiarity which failed to ignite into full recognition passed between the two. And then the light was green and the man had disappeared through an alley in the narrow street. Finally, thought Wesley as he stepped on the gas again and forced his car into a sharp right turn where he’d last seen the yellow sedan. 
“Damn that bloody idiot!” The hissed words escaped Grant’s mouth as he slammed on his brakes at the next light, which turned red to allow the same man to cross the street. The man had obviously cut through the alley to reach the corner more quickly—ahead of Wesley.
His eyes followed the gait of the man, rested on his white hair. Recognition struck—the man was Esquire George, an estate auctioneer who happened to own an eyesore of a house next to his cottage. What is he doing in town? Was there an auction going on he didn’t know about? He always kept up on estate sales, one could get find such good deals . . .
And then his thoughts returned to the university. They were closer now, almost to it.  Why would Jerry be headed towards the university unless it had something to do with Phillip Drake? Sure, it wasn’t the only possibility of them being in the area, but it was certainly plausible. He had to know why they were there.  
A flash of yellow glinted into his eyes as the sun reflected off his quarry turning onto Fulton Street. Must’ve been the only ray that escaped from those clouds too. He followed suit, letting another car come between his and Jerry’s car. This would’ve been a good time to have a more modest car, he thought to himself as he noticed the appreciative eyes of a tall blonde woman moving across his vehicle. A knot of apprehension settled in his stomach, not from the hope that those feminine eyes wouldn’t move to him next, but it was the notion that was growing in him by the second that Johnny and Jerry were mixed up in something unpleasant.
Wesley mentally listed the information he’d uncovered so far. First, Johnny had acted very strangely at the beach the other day. Now he appeared to be arguing with his boss . . . and they were mighty close to Drake’s workplace. And Wesley's friend, the district attorney, had called him the other day to chat—told him the police weren't sure Drake's death was a suicide. What the hell does Katherine see in this guy?
And now Jerry was driving like a snail. Why? Were they still arguing inside, or was he deliberately trying to avoid suspicion? The eerie feeling of a stalker analyzing his victim’s next move crept over him. Slowing down dramatically, he pulled into the adjacent alleyway to escape detection. He watched as Jerry stop the car in front of an old dilapidated building with a small sign in front claiming it for the university art studio. Then Johnny emerged from the car, looking especially cranky, and headed through the small alleyway that led to the art department door, and Jerry drove off, throwing up a cloud of dust from the filthy pavement in the process.
Apparently alleys are the preferred means of travel, Grant thought dryly. Johnny didn’t waste any time and slipped inside the building, like a sly alley cat. Wesley hesitated. He didn’t want to leave his car alone, but he was curious as to what Johnny was doing in that dive. Scoping out the action from the car might be the best bet, he decided, since leaving his car in an area that couldn’t exactly be described as a thriving economic environment might not be a smart idea.
He settled himself more comfortably into his custom leather seats to wait. Several minutes ticked by slowly. The air was cool and not too fresh, with the buildings doing little to provide heat but only serving to block any airflow a breeze might have offered. A fly buzzed loudly around the steering wheel, trying to land on Wesley’s fingers. He impatiently swatted at it, only to be successful in honking the horn a couple times; he hoped that blonde girl wasn’t anywhere close to him now, or he’d have some dodging to do.
From across the street came the loud chirping of a nesting bird. Several cars drove by. A boy rode past on his bicycle, no doubt playing hooky from school. Wesley shifted restlessly. This was bloody boring. He felt bad for cops who had to do stakeouts if this was what they had to endure. No wonder they spent so much time buying coffee and doughnuts—they needed something to keep them busy! He could use some coffee right now himself. A hot cup from that diner downtown.
He impatiently got out of the car and went around to the convertible’s back to put up the top and dig a gray knit sweater from the trunk. At least it was something to do. He took his sweet time in case anyone was watching and twenty minutes later he was back in the car again, more impatient and flustered than before.
An old gray Chevrolet drove past slowly, as though the driver was searching for directions. Suddenly the car bucked to a stop and the sound of the engine died. In spite of himself Wesley smiled—someone obviously didn’t know how to drive and killed the clutch directly in front of the art building. He craned his neck to see better. 
The car actually looked just like Katherine’s. It started again, pulled forward, backed up, went forward again with only a slight angle change, and finally back once more as it pulled into a parallel parking spot between a pickup and another old Chevy. All his demeaning thoughts about what an amateur driver the person must be disappeared when a beautiful brunette toting an oversized blue handbag emerged from the car, looking a bit flustered. 
Katherine! Who cared if she could drive a car good or not when she looked like that. Her lack of skill at parking was forgotten as soon as she exited the car. Wesley bumped his head on the window as he tried to get out before opening the door. He jerked on the door handle and almost fell out onto the pavement. 
“Kate!” he called as he fumbled his key into the lock, determined to lock his baby before deserting it alone in this part of town. She had already entered the building and was apparently out of earshot. Is she meeting Johnny here? This wasn’t something he was going to just sit by and watch. Who knew what that creep had up his sleeve? His trust of Johnny met a new low as a thousand dark possibilities ran through his mind. He ran across the street, barely avoiding collision with the red pizza delivery truck which honked loudly at his back.
Full of jitters, he finally made it across the street to the art building and entered the shabby interior, went down several steps into the basement, and was greeted by a short, narrow hallway with concrete floors. Gesture drawings done in charcoal plastered all over the walls completed the scene. Definitely the art building. Heck, Johnny almost seemed to fit into this seedy place.  
The first door to the left was propped open and he could hear a strong voice inside. So his neighbor was doing an auction!  He stepped inside the room; his height put him a full head above the small crowd and allowed him to see Philip Drake’s belongings. 
Katherine’s hand raised in a bid for a drafting table. He recognized the back of Johnny’s head as he raised his hand bidding against his fiancée. Why were they bidding against each other? Maybe they hadn’t arranged a meeting here after all. She didn’t even turn as she again bid on the table. His mind in a turmoil, he leaned against the brick wall. He would just wait and see what was going on . . . maybe bid for the desk as well, since everyone seemed to want it. Besides, he had a great view of Katherine’s form from here. Was that a new red skirt she was wearing?

Chapter Eight

Katherine waited outside the public library several minutes before its doors opened to the public; then she was inside searching for design books from which to gather inspiration for Pamela’s beach house. The books didn't offer her much inspiration, and it wasn't long before she found herself idly looking through the morning paper some oldster had left behind. Katherine skimmed over the headlines blaring news about  some famous person or another. She turned to the classified section and started scanning the passages. Her eyes skimmed them all briefly at first, only returning to reread one when a familiar name registered; she ran her finger back up to it, her eyes following. Then, like a blind person, she ran her finger over the small type:
An auction will be held this afternoon for the possessions of recently deceased Professor William Drake. One o’clock at the university’s art studio. Fulton Street, San Francisco. All profits go towards scholarships for the university’s architecture students. 
Thoughtfully laying the paper down on the wooden library table, Kate glanced at the clock. Noon. She mentally calculated her time. Checkout, lunch traffic. Yes, if she left right away, she should have just enough time to make it to the auction. Snatching up her blue handbag, she quickly looked down at the pile of architecture and design books she’d amassed. 
Ignoring another dark look that the elderly gentleman sitting across from her gave her when she made a good amount of noise shifting the books, she selected a few which hadn't bored her quite to death to take with her. She headed down the stairs dreading the rendezvous with the cranky librarian who sat hunched in her chair, ruling over the checkout line like the patrons were her subjects and the books rare jewels to be handled with the slowest, gentlest care. Katherine tapped her foot impatiently. The disapproving eye of the middle-aged librarian landed on her with an unspoken command to stop. Kate fought off an urge to roll her eyes until she was at last free of the tyrant librarian and had reached the double entrance doors, one of which she threw open to reveal a not-so-quaint urban landscape. But she had no time to admire the casual scene played out before her today and rushed excitedly to her car.
Her hands fumbled with the car keys until she finally forced herself to let the key hang by its chain before again taking hold of it, slowly now, and inserting it first into the door, then into the ignition. Why wouldn’t her heart stop beating so fast? You’d think she never had a decent walk in her life. It was, she realized, the thought that she had been the one to discover the professor’s body, that somehow her involvement didn’t end there. She had to know what had happened, had to find out more about the case.
And then she had found Fulton Street, right on the catty-corner from the library. She drove slowly, searching for the number she hastily scribbled down,  and asked herself why she hadn’t been to this much older, and she thought mischievously, more interesting, part of campus. It appeared that the city hadn’t been around to clean the streets for several years and the residential section across the street left something to be desired. Still, it was intriguing and when her eyes returned to the university side of the street, a sign proclaiming Art Department was staring at her like a cat’s glowing eyes in the dark. She slammed on the breaks, succeeding in bringing the car to a sudden stop when she forgot to put the clutch in and killed the car smack dab in front of the shabby campus art building. She’d worry about the state of the car’s clutch later, she decided, as she viewed the dingy entrance. Really? Couldn’t the university have done better for one of their own? Drake had been one of their most esteemed professors!
A car honked impatiently behind her; she cranked the key in the engine, stepped on the gas, scanned for somewhere to park. Of course there were no spaces available in front of the building, so she was forced to parallel park on the curb directly beneath the old, dilapidated brick shell of an apartment building.
She stepped out of the car, her heel headed straight for one of the many cracks in the asphalt; it found its mark and her ankle twisted enough for a sharp pain to register. By the time she got into the small basement room, she was thoroughly flustered and her ankle thoroughly sore from her determination to walk on it regardless of discomfort. 
Inside, the action was just beginning and a small group of what she determined to be the local riffraff was gathered. She wrinkled her nose at the dank smell of a man in filthy blue overalls. He gave her an oily smile as she passed him. She ignored him and picked a spot where she could easily see the auctioneer but not the seedy characters behind her. A smile almost spread on her lips as she thought of what Wesley would say if he could see her in this place. He’d probably berate her and call it one of her “bird-brained ideas” which was “bound to get her into trouble someday.”
At least she could find comfort in that nobody had seemed to notice her entrance, something she wished she could accomplish more often. It seemed everyone’s attention was glued to the front of the room, to a man with frizzled white hair who looked like he’d just stuck a finger in the nearest electrical outlet, the auctioneer.
Then two younger men pushed forward a couch. She felt a brief surge of déjá vu as she realized it was the same plaid edition she’d sat on with Johnny right after she’d found the professor’s body. The man with the white hair looked at it momentarily, and Kate wondered how he saw it, before he named a price to start the bidding. 
She stood with a strange knot in her stomach, her eyes threatening to swell as she recognized several of the pieces which passed, one before another; then she straightened. The carved drafting table from Drake’s apartment was being pushed toward the center of the “stage.” Her hand clenched. She wanted that desk, she decided suddenly. He would’ve wanted me to have it.
The small eyes of the auctioneer moved over it in the manner of a hawk until his quick staccato voice started. “Fifty dollars, can I get fifty dollars for this fine piece of furniture?”
Katherine quickly raised her hand. He acknowledged her with a slight nod of his wispy head. “I have fifty dollars; can I hear fifty-five?”
“I have fifty-five here!” Kate glanced behind her in time to notice a tanned, masculine hand disappearing from the left side of the room.
The shriveled eyes beneath their whips of gray came back to Katherine. “Will the lady raise to fifty-seven fifty?” 
She nodded.
“I have fifty-seven fifty; can I get sixty?”
Now the auctioneer’s gaze looked past Kate as he acknowledged, “The gentleman in the back will pay sixty for this table! Sixty-two, can I hear sixty-two?”
Katherine raised her hand again, then turned with a bad look on her face to see who was bidding her up. Wesley! Her look turned to one of dumb surprise as her brain registered his familiar lanky body leaning nonchalantly against the brick wall. What in the world?! He smiled confidently and nodded at her. Whatever could he want with an old drafting table? Then it dawned on her and she felt a little anger surge in her. Of course he was just bidding against her for fun! He was just doing it to bug her. He could buy a hundred, brand-new if he wanted. What a moron!
“And sixty-two! We have sixty-two! This is a very popular item indeed! Who will give sixty-three?”
Kate angrily raised her hand again but another beat her. Sixty-three dollars! Now who was it? Wesley was just leaning into that corner looking like a Cheshire cat who’d just had his fill of milk, so it wasn’t him. Her neck craned, eyes strained, she stood on her tiptoes peering for the person to whom the other raised hand belonged until she located a dark, handsome profile which startled her. Johnny! She looked again back at Wesley, arms crossed as he leaned against that blasted wall. He seemed amused at her confusion, and it didn’t cool her mood any that he looked extremely handsome, as he appeared to be holding up the building in this crowd of mishaps. 
“Looks like it’s sold to the gentlemen in the front for sixty-three dollars.”
Katherine quickly shot up her hand, fervently hoping as she did so it hadn’t gone in the angle of salute. “One hundred dollars!” That lit the old man’s fire, she thought, when his face split with a grin. A murmur went through the crowd and several people looked at her in surprise, probably wondering who the crazy brunette was to spend a hundred dollars on a used drafting table.
“One hundred dollars!” The auctioneer spoke the figure as though he didn’t believe it himself. “Would either of the gentlemen care to add to that figure?”
Tense silence. Kate shifted uncomfortably. Would Wesley increase the bid further out of her range? She knew the hundred-dollar range would certainly be out of Johnny’s budget—it was out of hers too. She was counting on being paid soon for her work for Pamela. Only Wesley was left in her path. The thought of competing against his money if he really wanted the desk didn’t give her any confidence.
“. . . and sold! Sold to the woman in red! And now what do we have next? This fine blue and white porcelain vase. Ladies and gentlemen, can I get twenty dollars for this . . . ” 
Katherine slowly let out her breath she’d been holding since she placed that outrageous bid. Slowly she turned to view Wesley’s response. He was gone. The corner was empty. Then Johnny, with a grim look on his face, came over to her. She had just enough time to hope he wouldn’t be too upset with her—he hated to lose anything—before he pulled her by the elbow outside the room and into the hallway. 
“What are you doing here?” His voice was sharp, but there was something she couldn’t read in his eyes. They looked as though they held a caged animal.  
She stiffened, angry at his abrupt attitude. “Yes, give me the third degree! I’m guilty! I saw the ad in the paper. What of it? I wanted my mentor’s drafting desk?” Then, as a thought struck her, she asked, “What are you doing here? And what in the world would you want with a drafting table anyways? You didn’t even know what they were until I explained them to you.”
A sheepish looked crept across his face and he released her arm. “You’re right . . . I don’t know anything about drafting desks, or tables, or whatever you call them.” She was rubbing her arm where he’d grabbed her, silently waiting to hear the rest of the explanation.
“I came here to see if I could get it for you. After you seemed so fond of it. I always have a hard time finding you gifts…” His voice trailed off, his eyes begging her understanding. Then he reached down and took her hands and held them tightly in his.
At that she softened. “And I bid it out of your range. Oh I’m sorry, Johnny. I honestly didn’t know it was you over there bidding it up. You and Wesley both threatened to bid it out of my range and—”
He abruptly dropped her hand. “Wesley? Wesley was here bidding for the desk?”
“Yes. I thought you knew. He was in the back, but he’s gone now.”
She tried to guess what he was thinking, but his eyes were searching the hallway, as though he would find Wesley lurking there, spying on them. “You sure it was Wesley?” he said, with a tinge of irritation.
“Of course I’m sure. I’m not blind! He was leaning against the back wall right behind me. I didn’t see him when I first came in, so I don’t know when he arrived.”
He nodded, muttered something under his breath, then switched the subject. “Did you drive or take the bus?”
“I drove. Didn’t want to waste the time on the bus. Do you need a ride?”
“No, I’m fine. Jerry dropped me off . . . He’ll be back here soon.” He glanced down at his watch. “I told him to be here by three; it’s a quarter ‘til right now.”
“It’s three already? I need to get back to work.”
“You need any help with the table?”
“No. Thank you, I’ll arrange to have it delivered this afternoon. No way it’ll fit in my car.”
“Okay. I’ll see you tonight for dinner?”
Her eyes lit up and anyone near could hear the smile in her voice. “Yes. What time?”
“How about seven? I’ll take you out. Let’s celebrate!”
She laughed. “Celebrate what? It’s the middle of the week.”
“I don’t know. Do we need a reason to celebrate?” His voice was thick as he pulled her closer so she was in his arms.
She didn’t know where this lighthearted attitude of his had come from, but she liked it. “No,” she answered almost breathlessly. “Of course we don’t need a reason—dear,” she added as she looked up into his eyes.
He was bringing her even closer to kiss her and had a strange look in his eyes when the moment was shattered by the incessant honking of a car outside. Johnny stiffened and stopped. “Must be Jerry. He’s always a few minutes early.” He released her and turned as though to leave. “I’ll see you tonight. Wear your swankiest dress.”
“Wait, Johnny!” she called after him. “Aren’t you forgetting something?” 
He turned around with a grin and pulled her close again for a quick kiss. “Is that better?”
“Much.” She laughed and she pushed him away. “Now don’t make Jerry wait.” She watched him leave, wondering about the void look she’d seen in his eyes before she turned on her heel and went back into the auction room to arrange a delivery time.
~ ~ ~
Vapors of smoke drifted about Johnny later that same day as he smoked his second cigarette on the fire escape outside his office. The lazy cars below seemed as much affected by the chilly weather as he, and the exhaust steaming from their tailpipes looked like what he imagined his brain did about now, like tiny tufts of clouds, floating, rising and moving as slowly as buzzards do over a kill. 
He looked down to the street, vaguely processing little moving blobs of people, hurrying on their way. What problems did they have? None as bad as his, he was positive. His eyes narrowed as he recognized a larger blob as a new shiny blue Buick. He focused on the blob and it formed sleek lines and extended two arms out. He distractedly inhaled on his cigarette as he watched Doug Torres alight from the driver’s side. There he was: the devil himself. Where was his demon, Jerry? In a few minutes one of them would be in the office, asking Johnny to give him a minute to talk about something “important.”
Well, he’d rather be at his desk when it was time to face either one, and he reached his hand for the knob of the office door, pausing mid-turn. He bowed his head for a brief moment before he looked back up, opened the door, and walked briskly to his office, shutting his door behind him with a click. It was as if that turn of the knob and the click of the door had unlocked a catch of memories, memories of the devil himself, the man who drove the Buick. It was hard to imagine how much he now fervently hated that man, the same guy, who, years ago he’d considered a godsend. Then, unwillingly, he was reliving his time in Brazil, reliving who he—Johnny Morgan—was then: a young man recently out of prison, a fellow determined not to worry about anything again except enjoying his regained freedom from those confining bars . . . to go down to the Americas and find a job, hoping he wouldn’t get dragged into the war happening overseas.
He was sitting in the shabby hotel room he shared with Jerry Weinman, the place where they’d paired up to cut expenses while they were both searching for work in a foreign country. The door opened and in burst Jerry, his ruddy face brimming with excitement. “We’ve got it made, Johnny old boy!” He practically dived onto his tiny twin bed with its rusty iron frame. The bed groaned a complaint as his gaunt frame leaned back into it and he rested his head on his interlaced hands. “No more of this stingy life. We’re going to make it big!” Jerry’s eyes stared dreamily at the ceiling as he continued. “Remember that fancy dame last night at the bar who wouldn’t give us the time of day? Just wait until we show the likes of her up, eh?”
Johnny looked up from polishing his shoes. His eyes followed a cricket that had crawled through the chipping plaster in the corner next to the door. That was what had been keeping him up at night. “What’s blown up your skirt now? Some new job? You know I won’t have anything to do with that anymore. I’m going straight. If you wanna do it, you’ll have to do it alone.” He savagely threw his shoe at the cricket; he missed his mark and the shoe just bounced off the faded blue wall. Angrily, he got up to collect now scuffed again shoe.
“Ah, Johnny, don’t be like that,” Jerry said as he rolled over to his side, leaning his head on his elbow. “You know that last time was a just a bad break. If Tommy hadn’t ratted us out, you’d have never got sent to the pen for a year. It was just bad luck; it won’t happen to you again—it can’t. Luck is finally with us this time; I can feel it. I can feel it right here.” He patted his chest hard with his right hand.
Johnny looked at him, bristling, jealous of his good mood. “Your heart?” he inquired sarcastically. “How did you suddenly get luck in your heart? I don’t remember you ever being lucky in love.”
“Old Johnny, the world’s greatest pessimist.” Jerry’s mocking voice echoed around the tiny room. “You won’t write me off so easily once you see what I’ve got lined up for us. It’s all without any risk, a completely cut and dried deal. Nothing can go wrong this time, not with this man behind us.”
Johnny sat silently, pretending to ignore Jerry even though his ears were pricked for more information. What if this deal really was as easy as Jerry claimed? No risk, he said. The offer was tempting. Just one more job . . .  The more Jerry spoke, the more Johnny fell for his idea until he finally agreed to meet the mastermind of the whole deal, the man with whom the project couldn’t fail.
The next day Johnny was moving his shoulders uncomfortably, testing their moveable room underneath the fabric of his stiff rented tux. He didn’t like the confining space of the jacket—this wasn’t his type of gig. He felt as though he must look like the runt of the litter, the vulture in a field of swans. “I feel like an idiot” He grunted the complaint as he took the steps behind Weinman to the nightclub entrance.
 “He’s with me,” Jerry informed the bouncer who stood rock still in front of the club; the man gave a curt nod, his spiked hair remaining as fixed in its lines as the navy-blue pinstripes of his suit. “This way. Don’t worry, you look great. Put together, and not like you’re fresh out of the pen.” Jerry carelessly tossed the words over his shoulder to Johnny as he bypassed the club entrance and instead went over to a large carved wooden door.
“Come in,” commanded a smooth voice tinged with a Spanish accent as Weinman gave two sharp raps on the door. The large room they entered was plusher than Johnny had imagined it would be. Thick carpet, uncommon to Rio, cushioned their feet, and dark mahogany furniture glowed in the soft light from the fireplace. The hushed interior was in stark contrast to the bustling noise outside. And then he turned his attention to the man. 
Mr. Torres sat in a couch facing the fireplace, his back towards the door. Smoke rolled up from his Cuban cigar and he didn’t bother to turn as they entered. “Take a seat, Jerry.”
Johnny shot a questioning look towards Jerry, who motioned for him to take a seat as well. “I’ve brought the man I was telling you about.” Weinman told the back of the black hair as they walked past the couch and sat down. 
“Doug Torres.” An arm covered in a silky black sleeve extended, diamond cuff links winked in the dim light. Johnny’s first impression of Doug Torres was that of a snobby upper class aristocrat. His dark hair was smoothly lacquered almost to his head. The ruddiness of his face contrasted with the shaved white of his chin. His short stocky build was cloaked in a silky black buttonless shirt and a pair of black slacks; everything about the man screamed wealth from the diamond-studded cufflinks to his new oxford shoes. 
“Johnny Morgan.” He shook that sleeved hand, noticing as he did so its clammy and pudgy flesh.
“Jerry tells me you’re a man who wants to go places,” Torres commented as Johnny sank gracefully down into the leather seat across from him.
“Did he also tell you I usually don’t end up in the right places?”
“He told me you don’t want any risk. You’ll not find any in this job. It’s pure and simple. I’ll even provide you with an alibi.”
“Sounds like a fairy tale. Unrealistic.”
“Only to someone who doesn’t want to believe.” Torres’s short response gave the air of one not accustomed to, nor appreciative of being questioned.
“I’ll believe if you convince me. I’m not spending one more day of my life locked up.”
“Oh.” Torres brushed off Johnny’s concerns with a sweep of his manicured hand. “Jerry already explained that to me. This job is completely different. It’s actually construction work of a sort. Along with doing some odd jobs here and there for me . . . mostly, um, making sure my employees stay in line.”
They were interrupted that moment by one of the bouncers from downstairs. “I’m sorry, sir.” His voice sounded apologetic. “But it’s your son—stepson. He insists on talking with you.”
Torres’s eyes narrowed and Johnny had the first glimpse of what he’d look like angry before he smiled. “Of course. Tell him I’ll be right down.” He turned back to Johnny. “Mr. Morgan, it was a pleasure.”
“Johnny, can I have a word with you? It’s important.” Doug’s voice broke through the memories, his head sticking through Johnny’s office doorway.   
Johnny casually turned from his unseeing staring at the blank wall, as though he hadn’t expected the request. “Sure. Outside?”
Chapter Nine:

That evening Katherine was in her closet, excitedly digging through her few cocktail dresses. Selecting two, she whipped off their plastic dust coverings; one was a strawberry-colored gown, one-shouldered with a fitted bodice. Then there was the second one, a white affair with simple lines, Grecian style, and it had a coiled, golden snake fastened at the waist. She fingered its silky material, remembering the New York shopping trip she’d bought it on. Her mind counted the time. Was it only last spring, right before she’d broken up with Wesley? She’d never had the chance to wear it but concluded tonight was the perfect night to break it in. 
Wesley. 
Johnny had never been much of one for the ritzy nightclubs Wesley frequented. He complained about the people, about his lack of dancing skills, about having to dress up, having to socialize. Yet earlier today he had seemed excited at the chance to take her out. Whatever accounted for this new change of attitude, she liked it, and a smile was on her lips as she quickly undressed and slipped the gown over her head, wriggling into it as it fell about her.  
She briefly struggled with the back zipper but quickly gave up on the caught fastener and, ignoring it, added some simple diamond teardrop earrings. She swept her pout with red lipstick and examined herself, turning slowly before a full-length mirror. It was as flattering as she remembered and hit all the right places, she thought with a bit of fear—but it wasn’t too provocative, she decided, and Johnny had told her to wear her swankiest.
And with that she stepped out of the bedroom, too jittery to remain there, passed through the drawing room, and entered her small office. Drake’s desk had been delivered earlier in the day and she wandered over to it, running her fingers over its side, letting them fall in and out of the intricate grooves etched in by the woodcarver. Had it been worth a hundred dollars? No, probably not. Chalk that up to her stubbornness in refusing to let two men outbid her, that and the beautiful horse that adorned the side. 
She was glad she’d bought it. It might have made her office a bit crowded, but now at least she had a lucky desk—and no excuse for slacking on work. She slid open one of the thin drawers which graced the front, only to sneeze from the film of fine dust that dispersed into the air. She pushed it back in. Tomorrow morning she’d take her time cleaning it up. No point in getting her new dress dirty before going out. 
The loud shrill of the doorbell startled her out of her thoughts so that she jumped and quickly shut the door to her office and headed to open the front door. There Johnny stood in a freshly pressed black suit that emphasized the green of his eyes, making Katherine’s skin tingle. His rugged good looks never failed to impress her.
He removed his fedora and let out a low whistle as he looked her up and down. “Swell gown. Looks pretty fancy. Where’d you come by it?”
Feeling suddenly self-conscious, she nonetheless swiveled back and forth slowly to display the front, then explained, “I’m having trouble with the zipper, would you mind?” And she turned the bare expanse of her back towards him. Then she felt his hand on her shoulder, his fingers gliding up her back slowly sealing up the dress. His hands rested at the top, and she wished they could stay there for the rest of the night. She slowly drew away, turning around to face him. The approval in his eyes, that same, hungry look made her feel alive and yet slightly frightened her. “Do you like it?” She stammered. “I got it last summer when I was in New York . . . first time I’ve had the chance to wear it.”
He reached out to draw her to him. “Is that a hint for me?”
She looked up to meet those eyes and hoped he couldn’t hear her heart, which seemed to have quickened to a hammering. “Only if you want to take it as such.” 
He laughed and narrowed his eyes and suddenly kissed her hard and slow on the mouth before taking a break to peer around the room. “Got a drink around anywhere?”
“No!” She laughed off his request. “It’s late enough as it is. You can order a drink there.”
“What if I want one now and one later?” His manner was joking, but Katherine sensed he was serious.
“Sure.” she replied, gently pushing away from him. He was usually in a better mood when he drank anyways. “The usual?” 
“Of course.” His eyes became hidden as he lit a cigarette while she poured a golden whiskey. “Desk arrive yet?”
“Yes.” Katherine returned with his drink while she hoped he wasn’t going to make anything out of it. “Just about an hour ago. It’s in my office.”
“Thanks.” He downed the whiskey in a gulp and handed her back the glass with a chuckle. “That all?” 
“Yes!” She playfully pushed him out the door, taking pause when she saw something flash across his face, an expression of anger? He must’ve been serious about that second drink, she thought with some fear. But he was already walking away towards the car.   
~ ~ ~
A thin haze of cigarette smoke hung in the nightclub like early morning fog over the ocean. A woman’s gentle singing voice drifted over the soft murmur of voices and clink of fine china. In the corner of the main room Johnny and Katherine sat next to each other in dim light.
“What can I get you to drink? Some wine perhaps? A bit of champagne for the lady?” The waiter hovered about their table, the white towel draped over his shoulder appeared to be the only thing keeping him connected to the ground. 
“Just a glass of white wine for me.” Katherine deftly considered Johnny’s paycheck. Maybe if she could show him it wasn’t too expensive he’d be inclined to take her out more often.
“I’ll have a scotch and soda,” Johnny told the waiter before giving Kate a sarcastic glance before he covered it with a grin, which appeared somewhat forced. 
“Right away.” The man floated off in the direction of the kitchen.
Johnny reached into his pocket to pull out a cigarette that he tapped on the table several times before plunging his other hand back into his trouser pocket for his lighter.
“Enjoying yourself?” Johnny asked in amusement as he noticed Kate studying the room.
“Yes. I was admiring the interior design.”
“Of course. Everywhere we go you’re imagining a giant floor plan. Always trying to one-up me with your college knowledge.”
Katherine felt some steam well up in her but submersed it by pulling out her compact and deliberately touching up her already-perfect powder. There was no use getting into a fight. This was a rare night out with Johnny and she’d be darned if it wasn’t going to be a bloody good one. “It’s addicting,” she replied strategically. “Once you know the work that goes into every detail, it commands admiration.”
“Your admiration perhaps.” He justified with a smile as he inhaled another drag on the cigarette and allowed his eyes to take in the room. It pleased her to see that he was slowly viewing the room, stopping on details like the blue centerpiece vases, or the chandeliers. And she was happy to simply watch him, hoping that he was seeing the place as she had, as an artistic creation complete with lights and shadows and colors. Then the peaceful look which had briefly transformed his face left it, and his smile turned to a scowl when he muttered under his breath, “Wesley. Why does he always have to interrupt everything?”
Kate’s heart did a Titanic and sank. Wesley, Pamela, and Mike were making a beeline straight for their table. “Please try to be civil,” she urged under her breath. “Let’s not ruin our special night.”
He gave her a smile and appeared to be summoning up effort. “All right. If you want me to. I’ll be polite to the man.”
“Thank you,” she breathed. 
Wesley reached their table first. “Kate! All right if we join you?” He didn’t wait for an answer and gave Johnny the benefit of a curt nod before sitting down next to Katherine while Mike pulled up two chairs from a nearby table for him and Pamela.
“Of course it’s okay. I didn’t even see you come in.”
Pamela relaxed into one of the plush white seats. “We all saw you two right when you came in. Decided you wouldn’t mind some extra company.”
“We don’t mind at all,” Johnny assured her. 
“Didn’t figure you would.” Mike winked at Katherine before seating himself, his white tuxedo emphasizing his bronze tan. Kate forced herself to look away from his alluring physique before the others noticed; now was not a good time to make Johnny jealous. 
Wesley motioned for the waiter and sat there like a king as he ordered more drinks for the table. Then he turned his attention back to the couple. “Fancy meeting you two here. I didn’t think you took to the night life.” This he directed to Johnny.
“He is when I’m with him,” Katherine supplied quickly, while slipping her arm within her fiancé’s and administering a warning squeeze.
Johnny replied, “Yep.”  
“Who’s ready to dance?” Oblivious to the tension between the other two men, Mike stood back up and led a giggling Pamela to the dance floor. 
“I’ll dance.” Katherine stood up, anxious to escape the charged environment at the table; slowly she made her way to the dance floor, not knowing which man would follow her, if either. Then an arm slipped about her waist and Wesley’s voice was reaching her ears. 
“Johnny doesn’t seem to be his chipper self,” he commented sarcastically as they began moving with the other dancers in a slow waltz. 
Kate fought off a brigade of hot tears that were welling behind her eyes and responded more briskly than she’d intended. “He’s fine. Got a lot on his mind lately.”
And through her fingers she thought she felt his body stiffen momentarily. But then she chalked it up to her imagination as he responded easily enough. “Hmm . . . whatever could that be? What could be troubling our fair Johnny?”
“Enough,” Katherine choked out at his patronizing drawl, almost in tears. She knew something was bothering Johnny, something was eating him up. And it was killing her inside, that she didn’t know what. And it killed her inside that she suspected him.
She could feel Wesley’s gaze looking down on her and kept her head turned into his shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he apologized, much to her surprise. “That was uncalled for.” 
“Yes, it was.” She angrily swiped away a soldier tear that had escaped down her cheek. Why did she have to have a crying fit now, of all the times, and to have it here, in front of Wesley of all the people? Her face flushed with embarrassment.
“Let’s talk about something else,” Wesley suggested in a gentle tone. “How do you like your new table?”
 “My new table . . . why is it that everyone wants to know about my desk?” 
“I’m guessing it was just me and Johnny who asked about it, since we were the ones at the auction with you.” 
“Yes, I suppose so. Why were you there? At the auction I mean. What possible interest could you have in the professor’s belongings? I mean, you could buy his entire flat if you wished.”
“True. I could.” Wesley mused, as though he hadn’t thought of how little the value of Drake’s possessions amounted to for him.
“Then why were you there?” Katherine persisted. She had become aware of a strange tingle running up her waist from where his hand was resting on her and made herself keep talking to distract herself from it. And why was she feeling so giddy all of sudden. She let out a little ripple of laughter—first she was almost crying, now she was giddy? Why? This was only Wesley, whom she’d danced with a million times. Still, a breathless feeling persisted. Maybe she’d had too much excitement for one day . . . or too much wine. It’d been a while since she drank wine. The room spun slowly on its own.
All at once the rotating chairs, the people, stopped spinning as the music paused and people began to leave the dance floor. Wesley stood there for a moment studying her. “Maybe you ask too many questions,” he said roughly and pulled her close.  
She didn’t process what was happening until his lips met hers in a long kiss. Suddenly the dizziness was gone. Gaining control of herself, she pushed him away angrily, turning and starting in almost a run, weaving through the other dancers who had returned to their spots on the floor for a salsa number.
“Kate, wait!” 
She ignored the urgent voice behind her until several seconds later when Wesley caught up with her, grabbed her arm, and pulled her to a stop. “I’ll answer your questions.” 
Katherine stared blindly up at him in a panic. She tried to twist out of his grip, her eyes searching the dimly lit room for Johnny. Where was he? Had he seen Wesley kissing her?
Wesley maintained his hold for a moment until she stopped squirming and stood still. “You weren’t the only one who knew Drake. He was my friend too.” His voice broke slightly at the end, but he continued regardless. “And if you remember, that’s how we met in the first place. Being there with his things, well, it was almost like he was there too for a moment.” His moved his hands to her shoulders and turned her towards him so that she had to face him fully. “A beast like me does have feelings as well, you know.”
Katherine forced herself to look up but avoided his eyes, afraid to see the pleading there, and stared instead at his forehead. “I shouldn’t have asked. It’s none of my business.” He was silent for the instant before he released her with a little sigh.
“Sorry,” muttered an olive-skinned man who bumped into Grant’s lean back which was encroaching on the edge of the dance floor.  
Wesley gave the couple a curt nod as the man led his lithe redheaded partner in the other direction before turning again to Katherine. “We should get back to the table. We’ll continue this conversation later.”
She only nodded, afraid if she spoke, the words would be choked and barely audible. Wesley was making her extremely uncomfortable and she was anxious to get away from him—but at the same time she almost dreaded having to face Johnny. But she knew she had to, for his sake. He needed her and she owed him an explanation. 

Chapter Ten

Kate followed Wesley back to the table like a patient trailing a doctor to hear the bad news; she felt sick to her stomach. Fear filled her, of falling short, of being called out at any moment to give account of her actions, of being branded a cheater by any onlooker. Yet nobody seemed to be looking at her and Wesley. Were they pretending not to have noticed anything? Mike and Pamela were the only ones there at the table, giggling together as they shared a martini. Katherine’s anxious glance fell upon Johnny’s vacant seat. “Where’d Johnny go?”
Pamela had finished her share of the martini and was now peering into her small compact mirror, applying a generous layer of burgundy rouge on her lips. “Oh, he stepped out for a minute. Somebody told him he had a phone call or something.” The snapping shut of the mirror was precursor to Pamela giving Mike a dazzling smile, demonstrating in full her ignorance of the tautness between the other guests at the table. “It’s the mambo! Care to dance again?”
“Of course!” Mike replied enthusiastically, slipping a thick arm about her tiny waist. He politely paused to address Wesley and Katherine. “You two done dancing already?”
“I believe so,” Wesley replied, stiffer than usual. “That last number wore me out.”
Mike let out a shout of laughter. “That’s what happens when you don’t exercise regularly, old man!” He slapped him roughly on the back. “I’ll make sure to bring you along tomorrow for my morning workout.”
“Can’t wait.” Wesley gritted out. Katherine sat next to Johnny’s empty chair. Pamela nudged Mike impatiently, the notes of a lively Latin number drifting up from the band. He grinned again at Wesley and followed Pamela out to the floor.
Katherine kept her eyes downcast on the table, pretending to be engrossed in tracing the wood grain with her rosy-tipped fingernail. 
He reached into the pocket of the jacket he’d discarded earlier and found a stray cigarette. “Care for a smoke?”
“No, thank you.” Kate dug in her purse for her rouge. She stole a surreptitious glance about the room. Where was Johnny? Finding him and getting it over with was better than this—this uncertainty, this questioning. Had her seen her with Wesley? Johnny’s mood had already been leaning on the sour side and Kate could only imagine how he’d be if he’d seen them kissing. Her stomach twisted uncomfortably at the thought.
Wesley smoked a moment in silence, still standing awkwardly behind his chair, and Katherine, grateful for the quiet adsorbed herself in dusting her now pale cheeks with rouge.
“You really love him, don’t you?” 
Kate paused, thinking he was joking. She was surprised to find he was dead serious. “Of course,” she replied quickly, though as soon as she heard her own voice she was not as sure as she once was. “He’s my fiancé.” 
Grant nodded and snuffed out his half-smoked cigarette in a small ashtray already littered with butts. “I apologize then.”
Katherine’s face registered surprise, for she’d never heard him admit fault before. He continued, saying,  “I’m sorry for trying to intrude again.” He studied the white flakes of ashes as they fell off the glowing end of the cigarette. “All I wanted was to have you back with me. It’s all I’ve been able to think about since that night at the station. I realize now it was incredibly selfish. I was only thinking of my number one concern: me. I just want to tell you that it’s not going to happen anymore. You love Johnny, and I’m not going to be trying to force affection on you anymore.”
“But…” Katherine struggled with her words, not knowing how to explain to him that she liked his attention. “I enjoy spending time with you.”
Wesley’s mouth twisted in a wry expression. “Yes. I know. Friends. Always friends. Don’t worry, Kate.” He peeled off his gray suit jacket from the chair and pulled it over his long arms. “I’ll always be there as a friend for you.” He stood there looking down into her eyes as though waiting for her response. But she only returned the gaze, wanting to look away but not finding the strength to.
“I think it’s past my cue to leave,” he said shortly. “I’ll see you around when I see you.” And with that he strode off, leaving Kate sitting alone at the table feeling miserable. The tears that had been threatening to escape all evening finally did and she ran blindly to the ladies room.
~ ~ ~
Wesley kept himself from looking back as he wove around the dinner tables and made a beeline for the exit. The thick, smoky air stuck to his lungs like glue and he wanted nothing more than to get some fresh air and clear his brain. He couldn’t stand there and look anymore at Katherine, couldn’t look into those hurt green eyes. 
He had had to do it. Had to tell her he wouldn’t bother her anymore. It was the right thing to do; she was in love with Johnny and he needed to place her needs above his own. Why did doing the right thing always hurt so bad? He felt lousy, couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so crappy. Maybe back in high school sometime . . . no, he was the popular dude in high school. Whatever.
The host who stood guard at the door was surprised to see him go. “Leaving so soon?” he asked in his faint French accent. “It’s barely midnight.”
Grant shoved a wad of bills into the man’s surprised hand. “For my table. Don’t let anyone else pay it.” 
Outside, he inhaled a deep breath of the cool night air. Finally, no more claustrophobia. No more jostling people and heavy smoke. No more Kate next to him . . . He looked back again at the bright lights of the restaurant, the teeming combination of lights and energy in the black night. He would still see her around, he told himself. But he wanted some time first before he saw her again with Johnny, hanging onto his arm, smiling up at him, kissing him . . . 
Why was he not as upset before when they’d separated? He thought he was in love with her then, but this feeling was new; it was a different ache. It was like he’d been beaten, gotten the wind knocked out of him; there was nothing more for him to do. Maybe he should leave town.
~ ~ ~
The purr of the car as it hummed along First Avenue was strangely soothing to Katherine’s nerves as she stole a sideways glance at Johnny. His gaze was focused on the road ahead, his jaw muscles clenching and unclenching nervously—or angrily?
If he felt her gaze on him, he showed no sign of it as he sped much too fast towards her apartment. He’d said nothing about her or Wesley, which made Katherine believe he was upset about something else. What, then?
“Enjoy yourself?” His sudden attempt at conversation threw her a curve. 
“Yes,” she replied automatically, then added, “Not quite the evening I was hoping for though.” She stole another covert glance at him. 
“You seemed to be enjoying yourself okay. At least before I left you were.” Johnny was still watching at the road. Was he trying to hint at something between her and Wesley?
“I like to dance.  You know that.”
Johnny simply nodded, leaving her on edge to wonder if he’d seen Wesley kissing her. Earlier all she’d wanted was to run to him and beg his forgiveness. Then he’d shown up late in a surly mood, destroying her desire to share anything with him.
“Johnny.” She spoke in a low voice, her turn to look at the road.
“Yep.” She felt more than saw him steal a glance at her.
“What’s happened to us? We never used to be like this.” She took his silence as encouragement to keep going. “We used to have quarrels occasionally, yes. Who doesn’t? But we didn’t have these arguments that lasted for weeks. Your moods—I just can’t understand you anymore. I don’t know if it’s something I’ve done or something you need to get through on your own . . .” Her voice trailed off and she kept her focus on the road, waiting for his response. At that instant they pulled up to her apartment building and he sat silent for a long minute. 
She felt his gaze as he finally turned his full attention on her. “It’s not you at all, Kate.” He looked down at his hands that twisted nervously on the tan knobbed steering wheel. “You know how I feel about you. There’s other things going on. Other things I can’t control.”
Katherine’s throat was choked with emotion, and she wondered at herself that she was able to respond gently. “What other things?” She turned in her seat to face him squarely. “Tell me about it. I can help you. That’s what I’m here for, to help you through things. That’s why we’re together; it’s what couples do.”
He silently got out and came around to her side to open the door. Nervously fumbling with her purse, a new tube of pink Chanel lipstick rolled out onto the pavement. “Oh no!” Katherine exclaimed, quickly reaching and snatching it up right before it spiraled underneath the car. “Gosh, that was a close one. These things cost a fortune.” She looked at her hand holding her tube. Then involuntarily her eyes moved slightly up, to the little smudges of mud stuck on Johnny’s previously shiny black shoes. 
As she stepped out of the car he caught her tightly in his arms. Her ribs hurt from the tight embrace as he rested his head on her shoulder—and she was shocked to hear him smother a slight sob.
	“I know I’ve been awful to you lately,” he managed to choke out as he drew a deep wavering breath. “I love you, Kate . . . more than anything. I need you so bad. If you ever left me—I, I don’t know what I’d do. Prolly die or something.” His voice choked up again on the last words and Katherine felt a stirring of pity inside her.
She lightly brushed his dark hair with one hand while he simply stood there resting his head on her shoulder. “It’s okay. I know you’ve been stressed about something lately. Maybe you should tell me about it.”
He was silent for a moment. Katherine thought he was about to open up to her before he seemed to change his mind. “No. No, it’s okay. There’s nothing you can do. I’ll fix it. Maybe I’ll get a different job or something. I’ll be different from now on, I promise.”
Katherine didn’t know how to respond, so she gave him a tight squeeze. “I hope so.” She was at a loss for words. How could she make him feel better when she didn’t know what the problem was? “Do whatever you need to make you feel better. I’m right here for you.” 
He sniffed again and continued to squeeze her tight for another minute. “I’ll let you go to bed now.” He finally released her, straightened up and pulled himself together enough to go back to the driver’s side of the car.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” Johnny asked, his eyes glistening from moisture as he opened the door.
“I think so. It depends on whether Pamela needs to meet up with me or not.” Not wanting to look at his pain anymore, Katherine turned and walked dumbly to her apartment building. Before she had felt exhausted, now she just felt numb inside.

Chapter Eleven:

She needed to stand by Johnny. The thought was plaguing her as she wearily pushed the elevator button. She was dimly aware of the faint noise of the elevator groaning in revolt as she waited for its descent. 
If he needed her so badly, then why couldn’t he tell her what was bothering him? Why did it have to be such a huge secret? The elevator finally shuddered to a stop in front of her and she stepped inside and deftly pressed the third floor, grateful no smiling bellboy was there as she leaned against the side of the lift and closed her eyes.
Secrets. That word about summed up what her relationship with Johnny had become. And with that came a sinking feeling that she didn’t want to stay with him. Not if it was going to be like that. He’d changed. He was no longer reachable; instead it seemed to Katherine that he’d become some remote stranger, secretive and irritable. Trust. The word flashed across her mind and she knew she was beginning to doubt him. She tried to pinpoint the time when she’d first started noticing he wasn’t the same, when he’d begun to block her out, causing her to pull away herself. The strong emotion she’d felt for him earlier had now fizzled out to this feeling of indifference. Her heart ached; he needed her, she reminded herself sharply as she stood up straight, the elevator having finally reached her floor. He needed her, and she’d promised to stand by him. After what they’d been through she owed him that much. And that was that. 
So distracted was she in her thoughts, that her brain was delayed in processing the image of the disheveled man sitting on the floor against the wall. A worn black fedora pulled over his face as he snored, he was leaning on the wall of her apartment, right next to her door. 
“What in the world are you doing here?” Her voice registered more abrupt than she’d meant as her not-to-cautious step caused Bailey Marsh to jerk awake, his hat falling to the carpeted floor. He didn’t seem to be in the least embarrassed at being found napping outside her door and simply straightened his tie, standing up as he ran a hand through his unkempt hair.
“You sure keep late night hours, lady,” he commented dryly as she inserted her small key in the lock.
“I don’t see what business that is of yours,” she refuted as she pushed open the door and slid her hand along the wall, found the light switch and flicked it up with her finger. Numbly she stood viewing the scene illuminated before her. 
Her pretty living room looked as though a tornado had ripped through it. Spaced out across the floor were the three drawers belonging to the little blue dresser that usually stood tucked off to side of her hall. Scattered in between were the scarves and gloves the drawers had held, her notepad and sketchbook and several brushes and paints. The dresser itself was roughly dislocated, teetering on a left shoe from a pair of black pumps, which had left their place in her bedroom closet. Even her couch cushions had been slashed, its inner wire ribs crudely exposed, its white stuffing solemnly surrounding in tuffs. Her eyes sought past the living room into the bedroom where she glimpsed dresser drawers opened, their contents spilling out like blood from an open wound. The floor there, too, was littered with various items carelessly thrown from drawers, from their proper places.
The sound of something rolling merely added to the surrealist scene; Bailey stopped his foot mid-step, and sent his eyes after Katherine’s, hers following the imperfect semi-circle arced path of the crystal glass she’d given Johnny his whiskey in hours earlier. The glass rolled until it was forced to a stop by the wall with sound emulating the last strike of a music box.  
“Why?” The noise prompted Katherine to ask weakly as she moved over to sit on the edge of the couch cushion, taking care not to lean back against the exposed steel armature.
“I was trying to warn you,” Bailey said as he walked over to her side and nudged back into hiding a red lacy bra that peeked out from under the couch. “Sure isn’t a nice thing to come home to.” He gave the room another thorough glance.
Too stunned for words, Katherine leaned forward and closed her eyes, chin resting within her cupped hands. “This can’t be happening.” She spoke under her breath, more to herself than to Bailey. How did she attract so much bad luck? All starting when she had found Professor Drake. She felt the sharp stab from her conscience at the thought. Here she was complaining about having her apartment broken into when poor Philip Drake was dead.
“What happened?” She drew away her hands and looked up at Bailey who was now inspecting a pottery fragment from a shattered blue and white vase. 
He stooped and picked up the other larger pieces and replaced them back on the mantle he assumed they’d fallen off of. “That’s what I was hoping you could tell me.”
She stared at him dumbly, silently shaking her head then allowing her eyes to search the room again. 
“I thought maybe you wouldn’t know.” Bailey filled in the silence as he pulled out the one chair that still stood upright from a small dining table. He briefly inspected it to make sure all the stuffing was intact before he sat down. “I was hoping that by talking to you, I’d be able to figure out what happened.” 
“Sure.” Katherine shrugged, not convinced she could be of any help. “You can interrogate me—” Laughter bubbled up in her at the thought, remembering the last time he’d questioned her at the police station.
“Alright.” He leaned forward slightly in his chair. “What do you own of high value that a thief would go through all this trouble to get?”
“Nothing.” Katherine giggled again. Why had she been stressed earlier, this situation was hilarious! “They went through all this trouble for nothing!” she exclaimed with a burst of laughter.
Bailey studied her with narrowed eyes. “No jewelry? Nothing?”
“No,” she replied with a huge grin on her face. She had never realized before how funny and actually nice this man was. Before she’d thought he was just a jerk.
“There had to have been something. Somebody wouldn’t go through all this trouble for nothing. It could be something you are thought to have. Think carefully.”
Katherine shrugged again. “Nope. Nothing. As you can see, my furniture and belongings were never in the best repair. I spent most of my money on the rent because I wanted to be in a nicer area of the city.”
“They obviously weren’t tempted to take your furniture, I’ll give you that. They weren’t tempted by anything that is still remaining here. That leaves that they were looking for something they believed was here. Looking thoroughly.”
“Well, they searched pretty thoroughly from the looks of things.” Katherine giggled again.
A half smile tilted up the right side of Bailey’s mouth. “You know, you actually might be a fun person to be around when you’re loosened up.” He cleared his throat suddenly. “Ahem, back to the subject . . . can you tell me anything out of the ordinary that has happened since I last saw you?”
“You mean since you last investigated me? I must be your prime suspect all the time, why not just arrest me now?” 
“Yes, since the last time I talked to you after Drake’s, um, unfortunate incident.”
“Well, everything has been out of the ordinary.” Katherine began laughing again as her hysterics heightened to a new level. “First my mentor commits suicide, for no apparent reason, then an ideal job opportunity comes out of nowhere. Should I continue?”
“Yes, but not along those tracks. Think of the last few days, or better yet, just start with tonight and we’ll work our way backwards. Where were you at tonight?”
Katherine rolled her eyes. Here he was back again to Mr. Jerk. “I was at a club with my fiancé.”
“How long were you there for?”
“Since the early evening. We had dinner — at least we were supposed to, just ended up having wine and dancing.”
“I can see.” Bailey commented dryly as he studied her. She tee-heeed as she now dared lean back against the bare springs of the couch, her laughter sending out little fluffs of cotton floating in the air.
“When you say ‘we,’ are you referring to you and that—your fiancé?”
“Yes, well it was supposed to be. It started out with only me and Johnny, then some 	“Friends joined us.”
He raised his eyebrows, darn him. “Who?”
“Wesley Grant, Pamela Torres , Mike Donavan,” she responded dully.
“To your knowledge, is there anyone else who was aware of your absence tonight?”
“No, I don’t believe so. It’s not like I employ a housekeeper or anything.” Katherine fought back another giggle.
Bailey ignored the hysterics. “You’re telling me the only ones that could’ve known about your absence tonight is your fiancé, Wesley, Pamela, and Mike.”
“Yes. As far as I know. I don’t believe I told anyone else where I was going. Of course other people could’ve seen us out and about, although I don’t know why they would take notice.”
“Okay.” Although he wasn’t taking physical notes, Katherine had the impression that each word she said was being mentally recorded.
He stood up suddenly as though his mind had just processed where the liquor was, one of the only items that hadn’t been disturbed from its mirrored tray on the dresser. Pouring himself a glass, he turned to her. “Care for a drink?” Before she had a chance to answer he changed his mind. “Actually, I think you’ve had enough to drink for the night.” Apparently he mistook her mild hysterics for tipsiness.
That comment chased away the state of merriness she’d been in, and in a serious voice she said, “So, you’ve finally caught up with me.”
He turned, drink in hand, eyebrows raised. 
“Last time you questioned me, after Professor Drake’s suicide, you threatened to be in contact with me again. And here you are.”
“Well, sometimes it’s hard to see you with that boyfriend of yours hanging around all the time.”
“Fiancé.” Katherine corrected.
“Whatever. It seems like it’s either he or the lofty Mr. Grant with high connections are always around.”
“And how would you know?” Katherine realized suddenly. “Have you been following me?”
“Miss Hale.” His tone was disgustingly patronizing. “You should be aware that we have an unsolved murder on our hands. Of course we are keeping track of all who could possibly be involved.”
 “Unsolved murder! You mean—Professor Drake was murdered?” And any light mood that might threaten to come upon her again  tonight was vanquished for good; he had her entire attention.
“Yes. Unsolved murder.” Bailey relished her now rapt attention as he took a sip of whiskey.
Katherine suddenly become aware of the uncomfortableness of the wired couch, straightened, and dusted some stray cotton puffs from her evening dress. “How long has the verdict been murder instead of suicide? Why did I never hear of this?”
“Oh, I had my suspicions all along. Just took me a bit of time to convince the Chief there was some credibility to the murder aspect.”
“And now I’m one of the suspects?”
Bailey slowly swirled his whiskey around in a crystal glass identical to the one on the floor and smelled it before responding. “You may have been under suspicion before this”—his hand swept in a dramatic arc indicating the destroyed room—“but I believe what happened here tonight has cleared you . . . at least most of the way.”
“So you believe this break-in is connected in some way to Drake’s—murder?” As the words left her mouth she felt a chill run down the back of her neck. “But how could it be? What could they want from me? It’s not like I know anything. I’ve told you everything I know!”
“Maybe you don’t know anything, maybe you do.” At Katherine’s protest Bailey held up his hand for silence before he continued. “Look at it from the murderer’s or murderess’s point of view. You found the body. They believe either that you know something or you found something to incriminate him or her.”
“Found something? At professor Drake’s apartment? Yes, I found his body!”
“That’s what you think. That’s what I thought—until now. This uncomely scene adds an interesting twist to the whole ordeal.” Bailey couldn’t quite keep the gleam out of his eyes from the prospect of a new challenge.
“Until now?” Katherine studied his face, trying to discern what he wasn’t telling her. “You think this break-in is somehow connected, don’t you?”
He nodded. “After that auction you went to of Phillip’s belongings, I’m positive it is.”
“The auction—how did you know?” Understanding dawned in her face. “You were there, weren’t you? I didn’t see you. Where were you?”
“That’s because you weren’t supposed to see me.” Another grin lifted his mouth. “Disguise isn’t a hard feat to pull off when no one is looking for you.”
Then understanding flashed in her eyes: "The dirty man with stinky overalls and the creepy smile! That was you?! Ewwwwww. . ." Bailey's smile faded, and he simply cleared his throat. She shot him a look of apology, then said, "Well, then I guess you know how that went. It wasn’t anything special, pretty drab, actually; I only ended up with one of his drafting tables. There wasn’t much else there that interested me.” Or that I could afford, she added to herself.
“I know. You bid against both Wesley and Johnny for that carved table of Drake’s. Any particular reason you wanted it so bad? It seemed to me a pretty hefty price to pay for some used furniture.”
“Because . . .” Katherine steadied her voice at the thought of her dead teacher and friend. “He had been my mentor. The first person in my field to really believe in me. He believed in me for my abilities as an architect without expecting anything in return.”
“So you wanted his desk as a memento of sorts, and you were willing to pay an outrageous price for it.” Katherine nodded, surprised not to hear any sarcasm in his voice. He continued. “Sounds reasonable, I suppose. Now that leaves me to wonder why Wesley and Johnny both wanted the desk too. I doubt they had the same emotional attachment as you.”
“Oh, that’s simple,” Katherine supplied confidently. “Johnny told me he wanted the desk as a gift for me. He knew how much the professor had meant to me, so he thought I would like it. It was sweet of him.”
Bailey’s eyebrows rose again, from surprise or humor Kate couldn’t tell. “That still leaves Wesley unaccounted for.”
“That’s simple as well. He’s an avid collector of antiques and fine arts, is always going to estate sales buying all sorts of random stuff.” Her mind had its own will and flashed back to earlier that evening, his sudden kiss; a few days before at his pool party, the way his eyes had met hers. Why was it that she couldn’t get Wesley out of her mind lately? “Besides . . . ” She shook the memories out of her mind. “He had no reason to kill Philip—neither of them did. The idea is ridiculous.” She hoped he couldn’t see her slight rise in color as she spoke of Wesley.
Bailey shrugged, his dark eyes scrutinizing her intently. “You don’t see it as a coincidence that shortly after you bought the desk, which both Wesley and Johnny wanted, your entire apartment is turned upside down and inside out?”
“But there’s nothing here to find! No. I don’t see it as a coincidence, because there’s nothing in the desk someone could possible want. I can show you it now, although it’s rather filthy. I haven’t had time to clean it yet. There’s nothing anyone would want unless they’re an architect. Just has a bunch of drafting tools in it.”
“You sure? Maybe you should show me.”
“Right this way.” Katherine got up and led the way to her small office. As they crossed the living room, she was surprised to feel a cold breeze and saw that the balcony door was open several inches.
Bailey noticed it too. He crossed to the door and looked out. “Goes down the fire escape?”
“Yes, I suppose that’s how they left, but I’d hate to be in their shoes; the alley is always full of mud after a rainstorm—” She broke off abruptly, suddenly remembering the mud smear on Johnny’s shoes. He couldn’t have, could he?
“After a rainstorm?” Bailey prompted, his eyes on her face.
“When it rains, mud gets washed into the alley there. That’s it.”
He didn’t ask another question but silently shut the door and locked it firmly. She didn’t look at him but continued to the office. The door was ajar, this room, too, had fallen under the crude hand of searching that’d touched the rest of the apartment. She turned on the light and stepped inside. Mr. Detective following close behind. She felt as though she’d just been punched in the gut and had to perform without time to recover. Johnny had been involved in the searching of her apartment, and she had to act towards this detective like nothing was the matter.
“See? There really isn’t much here,” she said. The detective's eyes followed her motion to the desk with all its drawers open, some of them lying face down on the floor, drafting materials and papers scattered everywhere. Suddenly her eye caught on something black and shiny peeking out from underneath a pad of paper. Was that Johnny’s cigarette lighter? Had Bailey seen it? She quickly drew her gaze back to him, hoping he wouldn’t notice.
“I do see a lot of drafting supplies,” Bailey commented, his eyes on her face. “So tell me, were you with your group of friends the entire evening?”
“Yes.” She forced her mind away from the sick pain, the realization that Johnny had trashed her apartment. Searching for something . . . searching for what? “Well, we didn’t exactly plan it, but we were in each other’s company for most of the night.”
“How much is most?”
“Wesley was the first to leave. I’m not sure when Pamela and Mike left. When Johnny—when Johnny got back I didn’t pay any attention to where they were.” She felt as though she’d just signed his death warrant.
“Where did Johnny go?”
“He had a phone call sometime in the evening.”
“Do you remember what time?”
“I’m not really sure.” Memories of Wesley and her flashed across her mind.
“But he was gone for a significant amount of time?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe about an hour? I don’t know exactly. I danced with Wesley and then after he left, it seemed like it took a while for Johnny to come back.”
“Was he making the phone call or receiving it?”
“Receiving it, I believe. Jerry, his boss is always calling him, no matter what time of the day or night about some problem or another. I don’t know what he’d do without Johnny.” The pieces of the night snapped into place. Jerry had put Johnny up to it. The sick feeling began to return.
“And where was the phone located?”
Katherine hesitated. “I’m not sure, exactly. I don’t believe it’s within sight of the main dining room where we were dancing.” She knew now, based on Johnny’s actions that he hadn’t seen the kiss.
“Well,” he said suddenly, “I’ve kept you long enough.” He headed for the front door.
Katherine was perplexed that he didn’t want to examine the office more thoroughly. “Is it safe for me to sleep here tonight?” she asked as she walked him to the door.
“I believe so.” He put on his hat. “Whoever was here seemed to have done a pretty thorough job. Don’t see any reason why they’d be back.”
“That doesn’t really help me rest any easier.”
Bailey had the door open by now and turned to face her. “Would it help to know I have a surveillance car parked right outside your apartment?”
“What?” Katherine was shocked. She didn’t know whether to be grateful or angry.
“Oh, don’t worry,” Bailey said gently, sensing she might be headed for one of her temperamental displays. “It hasn’t been there for long. I requested the car after your neighbor reported that she heard someone shuffling heavy things around in your room.” 
Katherine rolled her eyes. “Let me guess. It was the nosy widow Mrs. Browning, two doors down.”
“Yes, it was, actually. How’d you guess?” The man seemed surprised by her powers of deduction.
“That woman is the nosiest person I’ve ever met. She doesn’t have anything else to do so she monitors the activity of everyone on this floor. I’m sure she just can’t wait to catch me in some scandalous behavior.” 
“Well, then between her and the car outside your place, I think you should be very well protected tonight.”
“I guess that does make me feel better,” Katherine conceded ruefully, realizing that if it really was Johnny involved she had nothing to worry about. He would never hurt her, of that she was positive. Whether or not he would hurt someone else was another matter. “Never thought I’d be grateful for that witch’s presence.”

Chapter Twelve

A few nights later, Bailey was stepping down two stairs as he reached forward to pull open the heavy door to the brick-lined café. A dimly lit interior filled with the smell of liquor and smoke first greeted then enveloped him in a haze. He sized up the tiny room in one glance: against one side at a square table sat a couple speaking in low tones, staring into each other’s eyes. Another tiny table, this one round and at the front of the bar, was occupied by an overweight man sporting a greasy handlebar mustache. 
Only one lonely table was empty towards the center of floor, an ugly affair of un-hewn wood that didn’t look fit for a termite. In the next second Bailey had made his way to the bar, the larger portion of the ‘café,’ and had chosen a wooden stool of some substance in the corner butted up to the wall.
Now all that was left was the waiting. No problem, he considered as he sat alone with his thoughts. He’d just order himself a drink. He was used to waiting—being patient worked well for his job and had gotten him to where he was now: head detective of the homicide division. A position which gave him a good amount of pull if he so chose. It had come in handy to influence the Chief. Nobody else had believed the professor’s death to be intentional. Even Green had had to be convinced. He mentally congratulated himself—it had taken some doing. Only after he’d dug up enough leads to support his theory had the officer agreed.
And with that his thoughts switched to another track, to the man he was waiting for to join him. Why had he agreed to meet him? He was the last man he’d have thought would volunteer help. What did it mean? Was he just genuinely trying to do good, or was there an ulterior motive of some sort? Previous experience told him probably the first.
“Ya here to order some’m, or ya just gonna’ brood here all night?” A burly bartender, his hair grizzled and gray, stood looking at Bailey beneath bushy brows. He wore a black muscle tee that revealed his biceps and arms with a tattoo of a dancing girl on the right one. He swung a faded cleaning rag in one hand. The swinging rag suddenly stopped and hung limp in his hand as his palm slammed down on the top of the bar, his body position suggesting a confrontation.
“I’m waiting for someone,” Bailey replied vaguely, and saw a glimmer of understanding sweep away the challenging look in the man’s craggy face. “But I’ll take a gin and tonic while I wait,” he added with a grin.
The bartender nodded. “She’ll be late anyways,” he commented as he squirted the tonic onto two ice cubes that rested at the bottom of a clouded glass. “Dames always are. They’ll make ya wait half the evening for ‘em or theys won’t show up at all. Depends on how hard theys wanna’ make ya work.”
He set down the drink hard in front of Bailey. Some if it splashed on the bar counter. “The question is, how hard is this one gonna’ make ya work?”
“Actually,” Bailey replied as he tasted the drink, cringing slightly that even he noticed how cheap the gin tasted. “I’m not meeting a woman at all. I’m meeting an acquaintance of mine, a male last time I checked.”
“Well. That makes everything easier then.” Despite his words, the bartender seemed a bit disappointed. “In that case he’s most likely has a real reason for being late.” 
“Sorry I’m late.” Wesley’s words drifted across to Bailey right before the dank smell of his clothes as he sat down at an empty stool next to him. “Took a bit longer than I expected to find the right clothes.” The detective's eyes widened as he surveyed his appearance and his nose processed the smell of horse manure. Wesley was dressed as a homeless bum, his clothes ripped and tattered, his shirt old, his pants caked with some black at the bottom. 
“How do I look?” he asked when the bartender stepped away to help another customer. “McNab couldn’t find any clothes bad enough, so we were forced to fix up our own—even sent me out to the stables.”
“Well . . .” Bailey searched for words. “I don’t think I would’ve recognized you out of context.” He peered closer at the long tear across the knee of Wesley’s pants. “Was that cut deliberately?” 
“Of course,” Wesley responded with obvious pride. “Told you McNab had to fix some clothes up. Good thing dirt and natural fertilizer are cheap.”
Bailey chuckled as he motioned the bartender over to serve Wesley a drink. “McNab did an impressive job. I’ll have to remember next time I need a quick disguise.”
“Whiskey, straight up,” Grant told the bartender, who nodded and poured some amber liquid from a small bottle he had stuck in his apron. “So,” Wesley began, cutting straight to the point, “I want you to put me to work on Drake’s case. You need me. I can help. Problem solved.”
“Murder is classified information, but of course with your connections, you find out about stuff you shouldn’t.”
“Of course,” Wesley replied carelessly. “That’s what my cousin is for. Now, what do you want me to do first? Stalk Johnny? Protect Katherine? Both?” 
“Hold you horses—pun intended—for a minute. Why do you want to get involved so badly all of a sudden?”
“This murder happened in my town, to a friend of mine. Of course I want to get involved.”
“You weren’t so anxious before. I remember you pulling your wannabe girlfriend Katherine out of my office, threatening to call your cousin as you left.”
“That was before the verdict was changed from suicide to murder. And you were barking up the wrong person. Kinda funny nobody noticed the gun was in the right hand when Drake was left-handed, isn’t it? Who discovered that little gem?”
“Yours truly.” Bailey preened momentarily before he switched the questions back onto Wesley. “What do you bring to the table that we don’t already have?”
“Besides my extensive influence?”
“The police have all the clout we need, I’m afraid.”
“I know more people than you do. I can show up anywhere much more naturally than you can. Everyone would know you were there with an ulterior motive — you stick out like a sore thumb. Like at Drake’s auction for example. I spotted you instantly. Well, more like smelled you first. Those overalls were a nice touch. Which, incidentally, is why I suspected something new had developed related to his death. Got in touch with my cousin, and sure enough, the verdict has changed from suicide to murder. Kind of a significant change.”
Disappointed that Wesley had recognized him at the auction, Bailey fell silent. Maybe he could use McNab’s assistance with his wardrobe after all. “You may have a point about easy access in a lot of areas.” He hesitated, not entirely convinced. Although he knew Wesley had a spotless record—he’d checked that out long ago—that didn’t mean he was completely clean where Drake’s murder was concerned. On the other hand, if he was involved somehow, having him close by would make it easier to uncover him. 
“It’s a yes, then?” Wesley’s humble outfit did nothing to disguise his self-confidence.
“All right,” Bailey conceded grudgingly. “It’s a yes. Here’s the idea . . .” He leaned forward, and Wesley bowed his head to listen as Bailey explained a modified version of his plan to him. The longer he talked, the happier he was with his new-side sidekick. Trustworthy or not, Mr. Grant fit right in with his plans.

Chapter Thirteen
The yellow-orange ball of the rising sun spilled out its rays of light directly into Katherine’s eyes as she exited the front door of her apartment complex. She inhaled the crisp morning air and the cobwebs of her mind fell away. The night before had been terrible, sleepless. She'd tossed and turned all night thinking about Johnny, debating what to do. She wondered again what she should do about his cigarette lighter she'd found in her apartment the night it was searched. The fact that'd she'd found it, not Bailey, and that she hadn't told him disturbed her. She shivered, pulled her red cardigan closer and made her way to her car determined to start the morning fresh. The perfectionist inside her demanded she measure Pamela’s house once more to double-check the accuracy of her floor plans before the construction crew started their work the next day.
The possibility of being able to finish the project brought a flush to her cheeks. She looked both ways before quickly crossing the street to where she customarily parked her little Chevy. It was while she was fumbling with her keys that she caught notice of an officious-looking black sedan parallel parked behind her car.
She stopped handling her keys and peered closer to the sedan to catch sight of a man sitting in the driver’s seat, an open newspaper spread out over the steering wheel. He must be the man Detective Bailey had posted to watch her, she realized in exasperation. She was grateful for his presence at night, but in the day? It seemed absurd. 
Her high heels clicked smartly on the asphalt as she marched over to the car and rapped loudly on the window. The man jerked up in surprise. Kate covered a snicker with a cough; he’d fallen asleep holding his newspaper. As he rolled down the window, she noticed yesterday’s date on the top of the paper.
“You must be Bailey’s man. Don’t worry,” she added when a look of concern crossed his face, “he already told me you were assigned to follow me. Haven’t I seen you somewhere before?” 
“Yes, ma’am.” He extended his hand through the open window. “Detective Green. I was with Bailey the night of Professor Drake’s death.”
“Of course. I wanted to tell you there’s no reason to be following me today.” She straightened up as though to prove her competence. “I guess you’ve seen Pamela, my friend and client. I’m just going to be working at her beach house. I really don’t think anybody would follow me all the way out there.”
He hesitated and cast his eyes downward briefly before he looked back up at her; faint blue circles were visible underneath his eyes, fine lines radiated out from their corners. He looked as though he hadn’t slept in a week. “My job is to follow you. Dangerous or not, I’m not going to let you out of my sight.”
“Really.” Katherine exhaled in exasperation. “If that’s not the stupidest thing. Why, anyone could see you’re exhausted.” He was silent. “Honestly, I’ll be fine,” she pleaded, continuing more forcibly as he appeared to be considering it. “If it’ll make you feel any better I can ring up my friend Wesley and have him meet me over there.” He still didn’t answer but merely sat there sullenly. “Fine! Be exhausted and act like you’re half dead all day while you follow me around doing my errands—I don’t care.”
She was turning on her heel to go when he called after her. “Wait!” He smiled sheepishly as she turned to look at him. “You should be fine if you’re with your friend. Want to call him real quick and make sure he’s available?” 
She nodded. “Be right back.”
It took her just under five minutes to reach Wesley and find out he just had a strenuous game of golf planned until noon that day and then was free.   
Then she was back at Green’s car. “It’s all set. He’ll meet me over there soon as he is done golfing.”
“Okay. I’ll just follow you over to make sure you get there okay,” he said and covered a yawn. “Could you stop by the drive-in on the corner on the way so I can get myself a quick cup of coffee?”
She rolled her eyes. Of all the dumb things. She had to escort her escort to get coffee so he would be awake enough to follow her. “Fine. I’ll drive to Dave’s Drive-In at the corner, but you’ve got to make it quick. I need to get some work done today.”
“It’ll only take a few minutes, I swear,” he called after her.
Pulling her car out onto the narrow street, she watched Green in her rearview mirror as he drifted into the lane behind her at a covert distance. Why had she never noticed him before? Now that she knew he was there, he stuck out like a sore thumb.
A minute later as she turned into the small parking lot in front of a Dave’s, she looked at the giant tin replica of a cup of coffee leaning at an angle on top the building. Supported by rebar, it balanced precariously on the shingled roof and looked as though the most mild of storms would see it finished and lying in the parking lot. And yet, despite the danger of being squashed by a cup of coffee, the small parking lot was bustling with people grabbing a drink or a bite to eat before starting their morning. 
Apparently this was the place to be when you were in a hurry, Katherine thought as she waited impatiently for a parking spot. The loud honking of a car she’d just cut off blared into her ears and the upward gesture of the person lifting both their hands in that classic road rage motion unnerved her as she slid into a newly vacant parking spot. Green had better find a parking spot quick. She impatiently pulled up the parking brake and waited for the attendant.
“What can I get for you, miss?” A sandy-haired teenage boy with a sprinkling of freckles across his nose passed her a small one-page menu through her window. It only took her a moment of looking at the little menu to realize how hungry she was. “I’ll take scrambled eggs, toast, and coffee. How long will that take?”
“Just about ten minutes, ma’am.” The boy scribbled in a little notebook he’d pulled from his surprisingly spotless white apron. “Is that it for you?”
“Yes, thank you.” She smiled politely, the boy turned away, and she settled back in her seat. Green’s coffee stop had worked out for the best after all. Her stomach growled from the smell of spicy sausage and hot coffee wafting in from a black car parked beside her.
A newspaper boy was going from car to car selling his wares. She raised her hand out her window to buy one. If Green insisted on following her, at least she could give him a current newspaper to hide behind. Where had he parked? She looked around and recognized his car, two spaces over. A girl was taking his order now. An attractive young man in the car to her right smiled and nodded, touching the tip of his hat in greeting as her eyes met his. She quickly returned her focus to the front. 
The blue of a silk-sleeved arm resting on the passenger window of a brilliant blue Buick in front of her caught her eye. A man impatiently got out a second later. His short stature, receding brown hair, ruddy skin, and slouched posture registered suddenly in Katherine’s brain. Jerry? What was Johnny’s boss doing here? She must’ve accidentally discovered his morning routine. Half raising her hand, she was about to call a greeting to Jerry when she got a large grin and wave from the man beside her, who apparently thought she was waving at him. She quickly withdrew her hand, and determined not to look to the right again.
Being in a sour mood seemed to be one of Jerry’s trademarks, Katherine thought to herself. The man in the driver’s seat next to him didn’t appear any happier. His jerking hand motions as he spoke to Jerry betrayed anger. Diamond cufflinks flashed brilliantly in the morning sunlight. 
No wonder Johnny had been in such an angry mood lately. He had implied it was something to do with his work. Was the man in the driver’s seat a new boss? One that didn’t appreciate Johnny’s hard work? The man looked like he’d come straight from the heart South America with dark black hair slicked neatly back, his black suit immaculate, his short frame slightly stocky. Katherine noticed that their heads seemed about level—he probably had a short-man complex and took his lack of height out on Johnny, she concluded ruefully.
Finally a server skated up to their car, and Jerry quickly paid her in cash, looking cranky while he waited for the girl to figure the change in her head. After seeing his angry mood, Katherine was glad she hadn’t been successful in attracting his attention.
“Here you are, ma’am.” The boy blocked her view as he attached a metal tray to the door of her car and set her plate of food and cup of coffee onto it.
“Thank you.” Katherine pressed a tip into his hand before eagerly reaching for the coffee. If that young man weren’t right beside her she’d offer a toast to Detective Green. Maybe this shadowing business would work out well after all.
~ ~ ~
Katherine wound her car down the curving road that led to Pamela’s beach house. Thick green trees with big brown trunks greeted her on the right first, then as she climbed farther down a panoramic view of a little green valley beckoned her on the left as the road turned and hugged the edge of a steep hill. Once again, her breath caught at the beauty of this place until she checked her rearview mirror and saw Green’s black car pop into view for the nth time. This was ridiculous. Getting coffee together was one thing, but she wanted to enjoy the scenery alone, not with a cop tagging along at her heels. Up ahead she could see a pull-off for tourists, and, slowing down, she pulled onto the gravel, leaning out her window as the sedan stopped alongside hers.
“I’ll go the rest of the way myself now, thank you. It’s only about five minutes further and Wesley will be there anytime.”
He hesitated. “Are you sure he’ll be there?”
“Of course. He has a golf game; then he’ll be right over.”
“Okay. Phone me if you get left alone.”
“Will do.”
“Oh, and thanks for stopping for coffee.”
“My pleasure. It was good coffee.”
The two cars pulled back onto the road, hers going straight, his turning around and heading back towards the city.
Finally she parked her car in the sandy alcove above the beach house and walked barefoot on the path headed towards the house. Katherine was still in an exuberant mood, despite the added coffee stop and the annoyance of being shadowed everywhere. At least she was finally alone now. It was exciting to be working again. She inhaled a deep breath of beach air, tasting the salt as a slight breeze drifted up from the water. New energy flowed through her veins. She hadn’t imagined she could find work so soon after the last project, but here she was, busy again. If Pamela liked her work, she would recommend her to others, and then Kate would be on her way. Her confidence in her ability in her field was growing, and a smile spread across her face. 
The copy of the key Pamela had given her rested gently in her hand as she reached the house and paused to look up at it affectionately. Its exterior stucco and its inside charm warmed her. It's almost a pity to destroy the mismatched effect, but of course no one else would see it that way. Chalk it up to the inner artist. She had to make it all come together for Pamela. Make it more modern.
She noticed it was chilly inside, and that unlived-in feeling hung in the air. Pamela must not have been here for the last few days since she’d shown them around. Vigorously rubbing her hands on her arms to warm them up, wishing she had more for warmth than her red cardigan, Kate wandered into the living room. This is as good a place to start as any. Plus the sun was beginning to shine in through the window, casting a huge yellow square on the terracotta floor, making it a tad warmer here than the other rooms. Letting her blue handbag slide down her shoulder to the ground, she pulled out her sketchbook and excitedly sat down in the window seat, facing the living room.
Her fingers flew across the paper as she captured the basic structure of the room in a few gestures with her heavy black pencil. Just as she finished sketching in the archway and the upper balcony, a loud creaking noise interrupted her, breaking her concentration. What was that noise? 
Her hand paused, holding the pencil in midair as she listened. Silence. She shrugged and began sketching again, looking for where she'd left off. Her hand began to move, slower this time. Then she heard it again. It sounded like someone was on the large porch. A stray cat? Maybe Wesley had gotten here early and decided to go around to the back.
She leaned behind her and opened the window, listening. The gentle sound of waves lapping against the shore and the smell of the sea breeze came in. Nothing more. She told herself to just sit back down, that it was nothing, that she was just having an attack of nerves. But every sense screamed at her to move. The inside of the house seemed to have turned eerie. It felt—it was almost the same 'off' feeling she'd experienced at Drake’s apartment—when she'd found him dead. You'd better not find another body. She tried to laugh off her uneasiness, then quickly repented the horrible thought. Even so, she had to go outside and assure herself there was nothing.
Setting her sketchbook down beside her, she stood. The house, which a minute ago had seemed so cozy, now felt very empty and desolate. What if she had to call for help? The nearest house was nowhere within screaming distance. You’re letting your imagination run away with you again, girl. She dropped the pencil gently beside the sketchbook, and pulling her cardigan tighter about her, she unlocked the door that led out to the side porch. 
A few birds were circling above the bay, their cries dying in the breeze as they swooped, righted, swooped again. She shivered again and tightened her cardigan, walking to the edge of the porch away from the locker room Pamela had loaned her a swimsuit from the first time she met her. Pamela had joked about being able to hide at this house, well she’d found a good place for it—there wasn’t another home or person in sight. 
The porch creaked again, this time louder and directly behind her. Her heart stopped for an instant and she tried to whirl around, only to be stopped half way as she was grabbed roughly from behind and her right arm was painfully twisted behind her back. Another hand came cruelly over her mouth, cutting off and muffling the scream she let out. Her lungs felt like they were going to explode from lack of oxygen as she struggled frantically against the iron grip. She tried to turn to see her attacker. He gave a harsh jerk on her arm and pushed it farther up her back so that she winced and tried to cry out again. 
“Don’t talk and don’t scream and you won’t be hurt.” The male voice was curt—and very familiar. A sob shook her body and he immediately contradicted his words, jerking her arm even farther up. The muscle felt as though it would tear and she stopped struggling, slumping her shoulders in resignation as she fought the pain. A small sound came from her as she focused on gasping for breath with the little air his hand allowed. She had met her attacker before; she was positive. That faint scent, the familiarity of that voice and its slightly higher tone. 
He spoke again. “I think you know what I’m after.”
She managed to shake her head, trying to speak, the words coming out muffled against his hand. Finally he released his hand from her mouth, and she gasped out, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“You’re the only one that could know, sweet.” That did it. There was only one person who used that endearing term that way with her—it was Jerry!
“I’m the only one who could know what?” she asked in a small voice. Her mind was churning. She knew Jerry had a tendency towards violent outbursts. Hadn’t Johnny warned her to always be careful around him?
“Where the letters are. Hand ‘em over. We’ve searched your apartment, so the only place they could be is on you. Are you going to hand them over, or am I going to have to search you?”
What the heck is he talking about? What letters? Panic was now beginning to take over. She tried to act cool. Even managed a slightly patronizing chuckle.
“You’re crazy. I don’t know anything about any letters.”
He turned her around to face him, his ruddy skin even redder in his anger. One arm still held hers pinned behind her back. His other hand grabbed her throat. “You’re lying, you stupid bitch.”
She tried to scream as he released her arm and put both hands on her throat, tightening them, cutting off her air supply. She tried to hit him with her arms, beat against him, but it didn't do anything to him. He was like a block of stone. Her eyes felt like they were going to burst and she began to slack into his hands.
“Katherine? Where are you?” Wesley’s voice came as if from a dream. 
Fading from consciousness, Katherine thought she heard the man above her curse as he abruptly released her. She fell off the porch to the sand and lay there holding her throat and gasping for breath as things began to come back into focus.
“Kate! What happened?” Wesley finally rounded the corner, saw her lying in a heap, and came running towards her. She caught a glimpse of Jerry disappearing around the edge of the house when Wesley reached her.  

Chapter Fourteen
It was already dark when Johnny returned from visiting Katherine. The doctor had ordered her to stay in bed for the day and had given her some salve for the bruises on her throat. Bailey had come by later, and that despicable man, Green, had taken her statement. Johnny had stood his ground, not willing to leave her side as the questioning turned to him. 
Did he know where Jerry was? No? Why not? Weren’t they coworkers? How could he have no idea what Jerry was planning? He better be sure to inform the police at any sign of Jerry, or else—
 He wearily climbed the two flights of stairs to his room. His legs felt like jelly and his mind was overwhelmed. His broad shoulders were slouched dejectedly as he unlocked the door and swung it open. 
An uninvited, unwanted visitor had made himself at home and was sitting on the single dingy leather couch which took up most of the space that doubled as the living and dining room. Jerry. “What the hell are you doing here? Get out, or I’ll call the police!” Johnny tossed his hat onto a chair and stalked into the kitchen.
“Didn’t you hear me?!" Fury shook his voice. "I know what you’ve been up to this afternoon—and I’m not going to stand for it.” 
“Oh, I was only messing with her. You should know I wouldn’t do anything to hurt her.”
“Do I? The police don’t know that, and neither does she. And those bruises on her throat say different. There’s a warrant out for your arrest, and I’m not in the least upset about it. Why are you still here? Get out.”
“We didn’t finish our conversation from earlier. I thought you knew that.” 
Johnny emerged from the kitchen, cold beer in hand. “I thought I made it very clear we did finish that conversation.”
Jerry stood up, leaving Johnny the couch. “We didn’t. I talked to Doug, and we decided it’s not finished at all.”
Johnny sat down angrily on the couch and snapped off the beer cap against the low table. “Katherine doesn’t know anything about the letters. You’re wasting your time. I thought you would’ve found that out today when you roughed her up.” The fact that Jerry was standing and he wasn’t made Morgan feel uncomfortable, as though he were at a disadvantage. “Here, sit down, there’s plenty of room.”
“No, I’ve been here long enough waiting for you to get back,” Jerry replied shortly. “I’m giving you one last opportunity to find those letters before we’re forced to take more drastic measures with your girl.”
“She doesn’t have them!” Johnny stood up suddenly, facing Jerry, and part of his beer splashed onto his hand. “We already searched her place thoroughly. They weren’t there. You roughed her up already. She didn’t talk. Where else could she be possibly be hiding them—in her brassiere? Just because the old professor outsmarted you and Doug doesn’t mean she’s responsible. Leave her out of it.”
“Then why did she have to buy that particular desk? Huh? Tell me that!” Jerry’s voice matched Johnny’s in volume. “Of all the late professor’s belongings, why did she have to choose his personal desk, with all his personal papers? 
“He was her mentor. He meant a lot to her,” Johnny snarled back at Jerry. “Some people actually have respect for other people. Nothing you would understand.”
“I’ll tell you what,” Jerry said, his voice cool and calculating. “Either you find the letters by tomorrow or we’re going to have use more interesting persuasion than last time. Maybe her ex-boyfriend is hiding them for her at his place.”
The loud smack of Johnny’s fist hitting Jerry’s jaw filled the room and gave Johnny satisfaction as Jerry stumbled backwards, catching himself on the wall. He straightened back up and rubbed his jaw,  spitting out some blood onto his hand. “I’d recommend you don’t act the same way in your meeting with Torres tomorrow. He doesn’t have the same patience I do.”
“You stay away from Katherine or there will be a lot more where that came from.” Johnny informed him coolly, all the while wondering at himself where he’d suddenly collected the courage to  finally stand up to Jerry.
Jerry stood there a minute longer glaring at Johnny before he turned and left the apartment, slamming the door behind him. Johnny stared at the closed door for a moment, the dim lights casting his shadow behind him as he resisted the urge to throw his bottle against the door in frustration. Instead the shadow raised a bottle to its lips and finished it, then began moving around as its owner searched for something stronger.
A nearly empty vodka bottle was the only option he found. He pulled it out and flung away the cap before returning to the couch. What should he do? He took a large swig from the bottle and the liquid fire burned down his throat. He would go to that meeting with Doug tomorrow. Then . . . he wasn’t sure what next. Keeping Katherine safe was his top priority, but how could he keep her safe from Doug Torres? 
He slammed the bottle down on the table and reached into his pocket for a cigarette. Professor Drake . . . where had he hidden the blackmail letters? He’d threatened that they would surface to expose them all if anything happened to him, but none of them had shown up. Where were they? 
Exhaling back into the couch he relaxed his head into the cushions and allowed his mind to drift back to that fateful day in Rio . . .
The tropical thunderstorm was gaining intensity and was almost to the point of becoming a hurricane. And then it happened: the wind had crushed the early stages of construction on Torres’s building, smashing the flimsy structure down to a pile of steel and rivets within a couple hours.
The pouring rain showed no sign of letting up but instead came down in buckets, running in little rivulets off the end of Johnny’s hat as he limped down the street towards Torres’s nightclub. He put his hand out to let the water pound his palm, feeling as he did so the thickness of the darkness.   
Then he was sitting in Doug’s smoky office across from Torres himself and the intern from the building project, Philip Drake. Jerry stood conveniently next to the mini bar, placidly drinking a tonic as he listened to the conversation, speaking up only, Johnny thought bitterly, to lick Torres’s boots when necessary. Boots. His own leg was sore and as stiff as a freshly pressed linen shirt. Against it leaned the wooden cane the hospital had provided “temporarily.” 
The conversation was reaching him in waves like a radio going in and out of signal as he tried not to focus on the dull pain in his foot, tried to resist drinking another shot of whiskey to numb it. 
In came Philip Drake, his face strained and white as he remained a victim of Doug’s influence. 
“So you can see, Mr. Drake, it wouldn’t do for a man of your potential to be held back by a mistake made as an intern, as a novice. Do you really want the rest of your life, the rest of your career to be ruined because of a slight oversight on your part?”
“Of course not,” Phillip replied through stiff lips, his eyes shifting about the room like a caged animal. “But it wasn’t completely my responsibility. I was only an intern on the project; my supervisor is the one in charge. The one who finalizes the plans—not to mention the engineers.” He shot a pointed glare at Johnny and Jerry.  “It’s the engineers’ responsibility to make sure everything is structurally sound; that’s their job.”
“Tish. Tish.” Doug was shaking his head in a patronizing manner as Phillip ranted on. “That’s what you can say, but there’s also the power of what little rumors can spread as well. Are you aware that my wife is an editor for a gossip magazine in South America?”
Phillip nodded, looking down at the floor, looking up again to meet Torres’s eyes, back to the ground, raking his hands through his hair. “I can’t have my career ruined. Not now. I’m just starting it. Just starting to get my foot in the door.” His voice almost broke on the last note.
Doug exchanged glances with Jerry, who nodded. “You’re a smart man, Mr. Drake.” He reached over and patted him on the back as though he were a father rewarding and welcoming back his prodigal son, not like he was a merciless blackmailer cheering his victim. 
“All I have to do is take your painting? And you won’t call the police on me?” Phillip asked in a voice much too small for his stature.
“Of course I’ll have to call the police,” Torres said. “They have to report it as officially stolen. But of course I won’t give any inkling it was you. In fact I’ll point them completely in the opposite direction. Let’s see . . . maybe in the direction of your supervisor, Sam, who isn’t willing to play ball. Yeah, that would work. The building he was working on collapsed, so he knew he was ruined, needed the money and stole the painting from me. That should do the trick. Sounds like ample motive to me.”
“And you collect the insurance money,” Phillip replied in a dead voice.
“Yes. I knew you were a smart man. I collect the insurance money, and you secretly return the painting, which I can sell on the black market. Then voila! The authorities suddenly find my painting on the black market in Italy. That must be where the thief sold it!” Doug finished his fantasy looking as proud as a Cheshire cat with a full measure of milk.
Johnny tuned out Doug and studied Phillip’s downcast demeanor, feeling a slight stir of pity for the man. He knew what it was like to be coerced into something, but he wasn’t one who could help Phillip against Doug. Nobody could. He had too much influence..
He still had too much influence, even here in the States. Johnny came back into the present, his mouth dry. Jerry had told him what had happened to Sam when he'd fled to the States. Doug had had his men track him down; he was found “accidently drowned” in Lake Michigan. Johnny took another sip of the vodka and set the bottle onto the now splintering  table. How he wanted to break out of the deadly spider’s web he was wound up in—but by what means? He had to meet Doug tomorrow. Then he’d plan his escape with Katherine. 

Chapter Fifteen
Katherine stood up and stretched her arms wearily, shaking the tension out of her wrists as she looked over the row of desks in front of her. Her back ached from bending over a desk that wasn’t designed for drafting, but she couldn't complain. Wesley had insisted she work where he knew she would be safe, so she’d agreed to work out on the floor of his office with the rest of his workers. He’d wanted her to work in his office, but when she’d sweetly informed him it was either on the floor with the rest of the employees or back to Pamela’s beach house, he’d come around to her point of view real quick. 
She liked it out on the floor, and this way she didn’t feel as though she were imposing too much. Telephones ringing, secretaries walking quickly back and forth in their high heels, engineers in stiff-collared shirts busy at their desks. The bustling scene had turned into background noise for her and she had been able to focus on her work quite well—until now, when she was taking a short break and admiring the scene. The only downside was that she’d found it hard to mingle with the other workers. Whenever she approached, conversations were quickly ended. She sensed it was because everyone knew she and Wesley had been an item and they were afraid of losing their job for saying the wrong thing, but it still made her uncomfortable.
The ringing of the telephone interrupted her few minutes of break.
She grasped for the black receiver. “Hello?”
“Hey, baby, it’s me.” Johnny’s voice on the other end sounded tired.
“Johnny . . . are you at work?” Her mind couldn't think of more interesting conversation.
“Not right now. I had to get out of the office for an hour or so. I’m at the diner down the street from you. Want to join me?”
“Oh, I can’t, Johnny. Not today.” She fumbled for an excuse, knowing if she saw him she wouldn’t be able to focus for the rest of the day. “I’ve got to get this work done and finish up early so I can make it to Pamela’s housewarming party tonight. You are going, right?”
“Of course. If you’re going, then I’m going.”
“Good.”
“Do you really mean that?”
“Of course I do.”
“Because sometimes it doesn’t seem like you do. Feels like you’ve been avoiding me ever since that incident out at the beach house. For a few weeks now.”
Awkward silence. Katherine closed her eyes. Yes, she had been avoiding him. How else was she supposed to figure out if he was involved or not, unless she took a step back from things to sort them out? “I have to sort things out, Johnny. Somehow.”
The other end was silent for so long, Katherine wondered if he’d hung up. “You should know—wait a minute, I need to put in another dime, just a second . . . I know I had one around here somewhere . . . there we go. Can you hear me? 
“Yes. I’m surprised you had change.”
“Yeah, me too. Too bad for the waiter, guess he won’t be getting much of a tip, but you should know I didn’t have anything to do with that attack. I can’t believe you’d think that.”
“How can I help thinking that when I was attacked by your coworker?"
“He’s not my coworker anymore. The cops have a warrant out for his arrest. He’s hiding out somewhere.”
“With you?”
“No. Not with me. He knew better than to ask that. I’m not sure where he is. What I can’t figure out is how he knew you were going to be at the beach house that day.”
She paused, unsure whether she should tell Johnny or not. “It took me a while as well, until I remembered I’d seen him at the drive-in on the corner.”
“Drive-in? What drive-in?”
“Dave’s.”
He chuckled. “The one with the huge coffee cup sign? I would’ve never guessed you hung out there.”
“Yes, it actually has very good coffee.”
“So, he saw you there and followed you over? I guess that makes sense.”
“It seems to now.” Kate left out the part about seeing another man with him and Green shadowing her. She didn’t want him to know too much about her police protection.
“Well, I better get going. Basically used up all my lunch hour and my change. I’ll pick you up for the party tonight.”
“Actually, since I’m already at his office, I was going to go with Wesley. I’ll meet you there, okay?”
“Do I have a choice?”
Tears began to well up behind her eyes at the pain in his voice. “I’ll see you there,” she said quickly and slammed the phone down on the receiver before he could argue. Why couldn’t she feel safe around him like she used to? Why can't I run to him anymore?
The ache in her throat reminded her why: because his trusted friend had tried to kill her. How could she be positive he wasn’t involved in some way? She rubbed her throat again; the bruises were almost healed. Good thing, she thought on a lighter note—she was sick of wearing turtleneck sweaters. But she had to admit she was in love with the gray one she was wearing right now. She looked down in admiration at its simple good fit, at the stitch line that ran down the arms, looked down at the raspberry pleated skirt she'd paired it with, at the large belt she'd cinched around her waist. Nobody was any the wiser.
Deciding it was hopeless to focus on work, she absentmindedly shoved her sketchpad into her handbag and straightened some of the clutter on her desk as troubling thoughts about Johnny filled her head. Green would probably be ready for some coffee soon, and the drive-in’s really wasn’t bad. 
~ ~ ~
Determined to put the past—the dead Professor, the break-in, and the attack behind her, Katherine focused on enjoying herself tonight. So far it’s working, she thought with a grin as she stood between Wesley and Pamela and joined in their banter about the poor paint job on the walls. The new paint, off-white with a touch of crème, failed to completely mask the original yellow, and the old brave color shown underneath in patches. 
“If I were you,” Wesley was saying, “I’d have your designer find you a new painter and have it redone.” Kate laughed, hoping the nervous butterflies in her stomach weren’t evident in the noise she made.
“I wish I could have someone find my cat—she’s still missing!”
“Molly is still missing? Don’t worry, she’ll show up. Besides, she’s so fat she can’t run far.”
“If she was scared she might be able to. I’m worried. She didn’t seem to like the house much.”
“Oh, give her time,” Wesley insisted. “She’s only been here for a couple days. It takes me that long to decide if I like a new suit.”
Katherine tuned out the conversation, as she studied Wesley’s face, his long dark lashes, his lean jaw, the blue of his eyes, back down to his lips—and here her gaze lingered for a moment, remembering them on hers before suddenly recollecting herself. “I wish I could get a cat. I was thinking about it, but Johnny wouldn’t hear of it. He’s scared of cats, you know.”
“He—Oh! My parents just arrived.” Pamela’s attention was diverted to the shadows of two silhouettes falling across the floor of the drawing room that marked the arrival of the couple. “Katherine, you haven’t met them yet. I’ll bring them over and introduce you.”
Wesley had noticed her gaze. “You shouldn’t play with fire, kid,” he warned mischievously under his breath as soon as Pamela was out of earshot. “It might come back to bite you.” He suddenly winked at her, offsetting the undertone of seriousness in his voice, then he grinned. “By the way, watch out for Mrs. Torres. She’s a gossip writer for some trashy magazine in Brazil, always snooping for information.”
“Well, she won’t get anything interesting from me.” Katherine’s response was flat, feeling guilty about starting a “fire” as Wesley put it. “I don’t know anyone important around here.” All the while she was talking, she’d been viewing Pamela’s dad. Something about him rang familiar.
“Thanks a lot.” Wesley’s sardonic voice reached her ears.
“Oh!” Katherine restored her focus to the man next to her. “You mean she tries to snoop out information about you. In that case I’ll be extra careful what I say to her.” She laughed.
“No, not really, but it’s a running joke between us why she doesn’t wish to interview me. I’m glad, actually. She always has her nose stuck out a little too far. Ahem.” He cleared his throat as Pamela approached them, bringing her parents over. “Pun not intended.”
Katherine had to choke back a laugh; the first thing she noticed about Mrs. Torres was her large hooked nose. She was still stifling a smile when Pamela introduced them.
“Katherine, I want you to meet my mother, Henrietta, and my father, Doug.” 	Katherine removed her gaze from Henrietta’s face and met Doug’s striking dark eyes. It was obvious Pamela had gotten her looks from her father, but her slim build certainly wasn’t from the same source. Mr. Torres embodied the self-assured Brazilian businessman, and his stocky build only served to enhance it. He rang Hollywood drama from his smooth lacquered hair to his thick accent.
“Pleeesed to meet you.” When he firmly shook Katherine’s hand, that dogging in her mind told her she’d seen him somewhere before. Where?
“A pleasure.” A polite smile stayed on her face as she studied him and conversed pleasantly with his wife, all the while that same feeling of familiarity itching annoyingly at the back of her mind. “Wesley was just informing me you are a writer.”
Henrietta’s black eyes sparkled and her chin lifted the smallest bit. “Why, yes. I am. I write for a popular magazine in Brazil.”
Katherine ignored Wesley’s broad wink. “Sounds fascinating. What do you write about?”
“Oh, famous people usually,” Henrietta replied carelessly so that Katherine expected her to start name-dropping at any moment. “It’s always a challenge to stay on top of what the public is clamoring for.”
Wesley joined in. “You know the public is always clamoring to hear about me. You’ll have to ask for my interview in advance though, so I can fit you into my busy schedule. Would tomorrow afternoon work?”
“Well, I—er, I’m actually quite busy tomorrow.” Kate could see Henrietta fumbling for an excuse to brush him off without letting him know he wasn’t important enough for her to interview. “Maybe the next time you’re in Brazil I could interview you for a paragraph or two.” The emphasis on the word “maybe” left Katherine with no doubt as to the low probability of him ever being interviewed by her.
“Where did you study architecture, Miss Hale?” Doug intervened smoothly, favoring her with a smile she felt must’ve been well practiced; his very straight teeth were aligned almost perfectly, so that the top barely covered and sat on the bottom, and the corners of his mouth were drawn back like a bow. “The work you have done here is quite impressive.”
“Thank you.” Katherine blushed. “I studied at the university right here in the city, actually.” 
“Oh, where Professor Drake worked.” Suddenly his eyes were scrutinizing her. “Did you ever have any of his classes?”
“Um, yes,” Katherine replied, put off by his intense look and the fact that he’d mentioned the death she kept trying to push from her mind. Then she finished flatly, “I had him for one of my last classes in my senior year.”
Wesley, noticing Katherine’s uneasiness, cut in politely, crisply. “We all knew Phillip Drake, quite well. I hear he was even employed for you at one time?”
Doug’s full lips tightened almost imperceptibly, and his smile told Katherine he didn’t like being the one answering questions. “Yes. That was quite some time ago.” 	Torres’s eyes drifted towards the large door which was creeping open. A polished black shoe appeared, followed by the rest of Johnny’s body clad in a blue suit. Kate glanced at the small clock on the wall; he should’ve been done at the office and here three hours ago. 
“Excuse me, my fiancé just arrived.” She seized on the chance to escape Doug’s questions. Feeling guilty for having brushed him off earlier on the phone, she headed over to Johnny, determined to make recompense.
Johnny seemed to be in a good enough mood, thankfully; his eyes looked tired, but he smiled and took her hand, holding it for a long moment. “It’s good to see you, kid.”
She looked up, feeling something passionate blaze deep inside her when she met his eyes. She was crazy about him, but she didn't quite trust him. Why can’t I trust him? Deciding to pretend there was nothing off between them, she forced a smile. “Try to make an effort to enjoy yourself. We don’t want to ruin Pamela’s special event.”  
He seemed happy to play along. “All right then, show me where the food is. I’m starving!” 
Katherine laughed. “Yes, but first you have to come meet Pamela’s parents.”  	“Civilities bore me,” he said, but allowed her to lead him over to the little group and perform the usual polite introductions—and he waited the bare minimum time to avoid rudeness, then said, “If you’ll excuse me for a moment, my fiancé promised me food.” 
She grinned up at him. “There’s no official dinner.” Katherine paused in concern. “Just some finger foods.”
“Whatever,” Johnny said carelessly. “Take me to them.”
A few minutes later he and Kate were standing in a corner while Johnny munched on a pile of tiny cucumber sandwiches, the edges of the white bread cut off. “I hope the poor fellow doesn’t run out of food for the other guests; you should’ve left some.” She laughed to Johnny after he’d taken all the remaining morsels from the server’s tray, and the man had made a beeline to the kitchen.  
“Not my problem. This is no substitute for real food,” Johnny said, as he stuffed sandwiches in his mouth, downing each in a single bite. 
Katherine’s eyes drifted about the room. Her gaze fell naturally on Wesley; he was still trapped talking to Pamela’s parents, but by now Mike had joined them, his smile faltering as he met Mr. Torres.  
Then the room felt quieter to her, and it took her a moment to put a finger on what it was; the chewing sounds beside her had stopped. “I’m sorry.” She turned to Johnny. “I didn’t forget about you. I was just looking around. See how nervous Mike looks meeting Pamela’s dad for the first time?”
“Yeah.” Boredom echoed in his voice. 
“How’s your work going?” 
“Coming along. Slowly but surely.” He continued on, talking a bit about his work. She was glad he was making an effort to join the party, even though the real reason he was there was to see her. 
Chapter Sixteen
Wesley’s languid eyes followed Katherine’s feminine gait as she walked over to Johnny; every movement of her body registered in his mind from the straight, pulled back posture of her neck and back, to the bottom of her gown waving slightly with each step, each pivot of her hips, to the click of her red high heels. The only thing missing from the picture was her blue bag. A lump rose in his throat. Despite his heroic speech about being there for her as a friend, it still hurt to see them together. 
Her, so beautiful, and him—so not. He didn’t trust Johnny. Yet he reminded himself he had to give Katherine the benefit of the doubt. Although, he was beginning to suspect her trust had wavered a bit. After all, her tastes couldn’t be that screwed up, and if Johnny wasn’t involved in this huge mess he certainly couldn’t break up their relationship. Only one way to find out, and that was to get inside Johnny’s head. Get to know him personally and see what he was all about. The thought didn’t appeal to him.
“Wes, old boy! Those clenched teeth and that deep guttural noise you just made sounded like someone on the pull-up bar. Muscles sore?” Mike, in a tight-fitting white polo shirt had the perfect stance, as he carelessly drank champagne, reminding Wesley of a clothing advertisement from a shiny fashion magazine.
“Actually, they are quite sore.” Wesley dramatically stretched his shoulders for emphasis. “Even had to spend some time in the steam room this morning to loosen up.” 
“That’s the way to do it.” Mike approved with a broad grin. “Heat works the best for me as well. I tried massages a while back, but the masseuse never could never get the deep muscles. The muscles in my back are just too large.” His matter-of-fact tone left no room for humor.
“That’s terrible.” And he succeeded in keeping a straight face. 
“I know.” Mike shrugged. “But what can one do? One must take the bad with the good.” 
“Of course.  Have you met Pamela’s parents yet? I’m sure they’d love to be acquainted with you.”
“Nope. Been waiting here for a chance to be noticed.” 
Wesley didn’t mention he’d already seen Henrietta’s eyes drift over Mike twice. Donovan wasn’t one to go unnoticed anywhere. “I’ll fix that.” He took a few strides and tapped the back of Doug’s shoulder like he was typing in Morse code. “Doug, I’d like you to meet Mike, a friend of mine and Pamela’s.”
And he knew he’d chosen the right words; Doug turned quickly to meet the man of whom Pamela often spoke. And Pamela was surprisingly quiet as she watched with anxious eyes her father’s behavior as he met Mike.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Doug’s charm was turned up full volume. “My daughter has spoken often of you.”
Mike just stood there awkwardly, seemingly at a loss for words, a rare quality for him. Wesley grinned. 
“Yes, I—er, it’s nice to meet you, sir.” They shook hands and Wesley empathized with Doug’s wince at Mike’s strong grip. Then the awkward silence resumed.
It had to have been a few minutes before Torres, whose focus appeared to have shifted to the other side of the room, abruptly excused himself. Wesley let out a little breath—he felt relieved for the poor man—he bloody well couldn’t say anything without his wife correcting or rephrasing his English to the proper form.  
“Wesley, I was thinking . . . ” 
He turned, startled at Henrietta’s approach. 
“Next time you’re in Rio would be a great time to do that interview.” Her large nose crinkled and took on the form of a valley with a thousand rivers running down it as she smiled up at him. “You just started my mind churning with great ideas—how to build you up to the public, how to make you seem, um, more important.”
“Oh, how nice.” Wesley gave a fake smile and commented through clenched teeth. She couldn’t really suspect he was serious, could she?
“I knew you’d be delighted.” The way she grinned up at him reminded him of a horse receiving a carrot.
“Of course. I’ll be sure to remind you of it next time I’m in the deep jungles of Rio.” He made a mental note to never return to Brazil. “I’m going to go see what’s holding up the drinks. They seem to have run out, and Pamela assured me there would be plenty for the whole evening.”
He felt the hawk eyes on his back as he pushed open the swinging door to the kitchen and stood awkwardly inside. At least watching the plump red-haired cook prepare more cucumber sandwiches was better than talking that clacking bird. The redhead looked up and started. He gave a nervous wave, which he realized must’ve been very stupid-looking for the acute angle of his arm, and headed for the bottled wine that rested in three little rows on the counter. He poured himself a glass of sparkling white, and, nodding again to the suspicious cook, backed out of the revolving door.
Back in the lion’s den he took a sip of the bubbly wine and stole a furtive look in Henrietta’s direction. Wesley breathed a sigh of relief when he saw her talking to Mike, probably giving him the third degree. He paused and cupped his hands to light the end of a cigarette he’d extracted from the red striped pocket of his jacket. A movement caught his eye as he did so, and he looked up just in time to see Doug quickly scribbling on a paper that he held fisted in his right hand. He quickly snapped shut the lighter and waved the smoke away from his eyes. 
Wesley turned to face the large colonial art piece on the wall and pretended to be studying it as watched Doug from the corner of his eye. The latter glanced around the room before walking slowly in the direction of Kate and Johnny. Who was he going to give the message to? His heart thudded heavily in his chest—obviously all this detective crap he and Bailey had cooked up was getting the better of him. Good thing he wasn’t standing next to Mike, who would surely raise his weekly cardio assignments if he noticed.
“I think he was trying to escape us.” Mike was joking to Pamela as the two approached.
“How’d you fare?” Wesley asked with a quick glance at Mike who’d just nervously swept away a bead of sweat from his forehead. 
“Oh, it was better than I expected, really.”
“Is there something I’m missing here?” Mike’s bravado was back as he rotated to see Wesley’s face, Grant having shifted positions to keep Doug in sight.
“Huh? Oh no. You’re not missing anything.” Wesley’s voice betrayed his excitement and he gulped the rest of his wine and tried to redirect the spotlight. “You seem awfully quiet today, Pamela.” 
“Trying to catch my breath,” Pamela said sincerely. “Keeping up with my mother is something else.”
Wesley inched to the left again, standing on tiptoes to see over Mike’s head. “No kidding. You’d think she was on more than just a story.” Doug was speaking to Johnny? Did they know each other? No, they didn’t. Katherine appeared to be introducing them. 
“Henrietta seems to be a very nice sort of lady.” Mike was trying to defend Pamela’s mother for her. “She is very successful in her career as a journalist.”
“Actually, Wesley is right,” Pamela said, contradicting him flatly. “She’s very difficult sometimes. Both my parents are. In fact, when we came to the States for Drake’s funeral it seemed like a sign for me to buy my own place.”
Wesley finished his cigarette, then held it ungracefully posed in the air, not noticing the bits of ash that were falling off the tip. He stared as Doug patted Johnny’s arm with his right hand and with his left tried to slip the note into Morgan’s pocket, only to have it flutter slowly to the ground.
“Don’t you agree Wesley?” Pamela was asking him a question.
“Um, agree to what—of course I do,” Wesley stuttered, at that instant zoning out again; Doug didn’t notice the paper had fallen to the ground and was still talking.
“See, I told you!” Pamela triumphantly turned to Mike. “I knew Wesley would insist on hosting the event as his house.” Wesley processed the last words like someone turning the crank of an old auto. 
“Wait.” Finally the engine started and Pamela had his full attention now. “I would insist on hosting what event?”
“The tournament after-party, of course. Mike would like to invite several of his friends and colleagues over after his big tennis game, but of course, as he doesn’t own a place here it makes it a bit difficult.”
“Of course. Excuse me a minute.” Grant noticed at last the mess his cigarette was making on the carpet and brushed past Pamela to put it out on a small ashtray next to one of the couches. At least, it had looked like a small ashtray from where he stood. Now that he had a closer look at it, it resembled more of a decoration of some sort. No time to worry about that now though; he had to see that note.
“Johnny! Long time no see.” Wesley scurried over to Morgan and patted him on the back, pretending to trip and catch himself as he did so, so that he was able to look down at the carpet and see if the note was still there. It was.
“Yes, it has been a long time.” Johnny gave him a wary look before backing up a step. 
“Had a bit too much to drink?” Doug’s smooth voice held a touch of haughtiness.
Wesley placed his foot deliberately on the paper, standing so close to Johnny that he was forced to again step to the side several inches. “Oh, not enough, apparently. This party is still really boring.” 
“Wesley, let me take you for a walk.” Katherine intervened, stepping in and placing her arm under his elbow to help support him.
“Okay,” Wesley drawled as he pretended to stumble again, this time almost to the ground; he shot out a hand to cover the paper, snatching it as he reeled back up. “I’ll be all right. Just need a bit of fresh air.”
He caught Johnny’s glare as Katherine led him out. He couldn’t resist turning once more. “Bye folks, don’t have too much fun while I’m gone.”
“Wesley! Please,” Katherine insisted as she pulled him towards the door again. Then she lowered her voice and said close to his ear, “You’re going to upset Mr. Torres.”
“Don’t break my heart,” Wesley quipped while letting her support a little bit of his weight. He could stand perfectly well on his own two feet but it offered a good excuse to be skin-close to Katherine. Maybe he should pull this stunt more often . . . especially if it made Kate that attentive to him.
“It wouldn’t be so funny if he broke off all ties with you,” she admonished as they stepped out on the large porch facing the beach. The sun was just sinking over the water, making the gentle waves appear as molten gold. Why hadn’t he thought of this gig sooner? Watching the sunset over the water with Katherine was much better than listening to Mrs. Torres.
“Here, sit down.” He let her lead him to the steps that wound down to the sandy beach. “You’re heavier than you look.”
Without complaint, Wesley sat down heavily. “Ahh. Maybe I did have a bit too much to drink.” He looked at his empty wine glass. “Emphasis on the maybe.”
Katherine laughed as she kicked off her shoes and played with her toes in the sand. “Good thing Pamela didn’t notice; she might not have liked you almost falling onto her father.”
“She’d probably appreciate me bringing him down to earth.”
Katherine’s peal of laughter rang out loudly. She quickly covered her mouth. “I don’t even know how you found so much wine. I only got one glass before it mysteriously dried up.” She stood up. “I’ll go get you some water. Then you better wait out here for a bit before you go in.”
“Don’t take too long—I might pass out and drown!” Wesley called after her as she headed for the house.
As soon as he heard her footsteps fade to the other end of the porch and the door shut behind her he opened his hand and looked at the piece of paper.
Well, at least he reads English, he thought as he looked at the corner torn off from that day’s newspaper. There was a crudely written on the blank side. Need to meet tonight. Urgent. Changing room at 10.
He slowly replaced the note in his pocket while his mind raced to sort out the information. Doug secretly trying to meet Johnny. Sounded rather romantic. But the locker room? It must have something to do with Drake’s murder. Both had known him. Why else would they pretend not to know each other when the note obviously proved they did?
He heard the door squeak open and Katherine’s voice as she spoke to someone inside. “No, thank you. I’ll be right back in; just getting Wesley some water.”
He quickly slouched back into the lazy position she’d left him in, thinking all the while—if he didn’t get the note back to Johnny, Morgan wouldn’t know to meet Doug, and there wouldn’t be anything to figure out. It was clear he had to get the note back into Johnny’s pocket somehow.
“Here, better drink it all.” Katherine passed him a large beer mug full of water. “It’ll make you feel better.”
“I feel great,” Wesley insisted as he slowly sipped on the cup, trying to stall for time as he made up his mind what to do. Should he involve Katherine? At first his mind balked against the idea, but she was the only one who could get close enough to Johnny without raising suspicion. 
“Kate.” He sat up suddenly. “I need you to do something for me. Would you?”
She looked at him in surprise. “It depends on what it is.”
“It has to do with Johnny.” He felt her stiffen beside him so he continued. “Doug is trying to arrange a clandestine meeting with him and I need to know why.”
“Doug?” she repeated. He knew he had her interest. “Why? It’s not really your business if he’s secretly meeting with Johnny . . . although it is a bit strange.” Her voice lowered to a whisper. “But they were just introduced tonight. Why would they be arranging a meeting unless they knew each other before? Maybe it has something to do with Doug’s business . . .” Something clicked in her mind. Had Doug been the man she’d seen with Jerry that day at the drive-in? The tilt of his head, the way he dressed, it was all starting to come together. If he was connected with Jerry somehow, he might be connected to the attack on her . . . she had to help figure it out.
“Exactly. There’s something suspicious about the whole setup.”
“Like you pretending to be drunk. I should’ve guessed it was some game of yours. I’ve never seen you not able to hold a good amount of liquor.” She giggled as she lowered her voice. “Although it was entertaining.”
Wesley whispered as well, and the whole feeling surrounding them was like two school children sharing a deep secret. “Are you going to help me?”
She hesitated, suddenly serious again. “I’m not sure, Wesley. I should be helping Johnny, not you.”
“But you might be helping Johnny. Who knows what Doug is up to? Has Johnny told you anything of what’s been going on lately? He hasn’t been himself since Drake’s murder, has he?”
She shook her head. “No, he won’t tell me what’s going on. He tells me it’s something to do with work. I can’t figure it out.” She hesitated, as though not sure if she wanted to continue, then took a deep breath. “A couple weeks ago, I saw Jerry and Doug at the drive-in. I recognized Jerry, and even though I only saw the back of the other man, I’m sure it was Doug.”
Wesley grabbed her hand in excitement. “And you were attacked later that day. It’s got to have something to do with this. It has to!”
She was quiet, looking down at their hands, and then she squeezed his slightly before releasing it. “I’m in. What do you need me to do?”
“First of all”—Wesley passed her the note—“get this back into Johnny’s pocket before you leave. Make sure he reads it. You should feel proud that you’re indirectly helping the police.”
Katherine froze. “You’re working with the police?” 
“Yes, with Detective Bailey. But don’t tell anyone.”
Again she struggled with her feelings. Could she really do this? What if by helping Wesley, she was helping to incriminate Johnny?
Chapter Seventeen
Thankfully for Wesley, his pretended state of drunkenness had provided the perfect excuse to leave early, and after he’d walked a straight line to prove to the other’s he was fit enough to drive, he took off and drove a up the road a little ways, aiming straight for the little spot on the road above Pamela’s beach house that he’d seen on the way down; what looked to be a small abandoned dirt road. Must have once been the head of a hiking trail or something, he thought as he noticed the clinging overgrown trees that barely left enough room for his car to pull off. He hesitated and looked at the rugged terrain a bit longer before he shrugged and pulled off. 
The lurching tires rubbed raw his edgy nerves; he winced as the convertible rambled and hit a pothole and his exhaust pipe scraped on the hard earth. With the car pulled off and well hidden under a thicket, he opened the backseat door and reached for his gym clothes. The smell of stale sweat and another odor that reminded him of mildew greeted his nose as he held the still slightly damp clothing in his hands.
He stood there looking down at them for a moment. Well, he didn’t have much time to waste. He figured he was about two miles from the beach house, and Johnny and Torres were supposed to meet at 10:00. That left him about a half hour to beat them there. There was nothing else to do—he wasn’t in the mood to go traipsing about the countryside in a suit. Mind made up, he quickly stripped off shirt and pants and pulled on the gray T-shirt and blue shorts.
Grinning at himself, he stuck his foot on the car fender and did a few stretches before he set off at a brisk pace for the shore. Then he was running on the beach, the sand flattening out like a hard pancake beneath his shoes. So much for listening to the water, he thought ruefully to himself—his loud breathing deafened the gentle sound of the waves.
Several minutes later he thought his legs had died and he was forcing their carcasses forward. Whoever thought moonlight runs along the beach romantic was crazy. It was torture, pure and simple. But this rendezvous could be the key to unraveling the murder mess, so he couldn’t miss it just because it was hard for him to run a few miles. If Johnny was tangled up in the mess, he could pull Katherine into it. He really wished he’d taken Mike’s advice earlier about improving his cardio.
Fresh sweat re-dampened his shirt and by now he was positive he stunk to high heaven. Then after what seemed like an eternity, the beach house light appeared and all at once Wesley was finally mounting the five steps that led from beach to porch.
He paused on the east corner of the porch, the one next to the locker room, and stood listening. Silence. Chancing he was early enough, he uneasily inched closer to the door, only to pause and cringe as one of the wooden planks squeaked resistance beneath his feet. He took the last step in a leap and opened the locker room door. If all else failed he could pretend to have stumbled in accidentally.
But only dark silence greeted him. Where to hide? A faint stream of moonlight filtered in through a small window hidden somewhere in an upper corner. The two benches were much too shallow to hide beneath. That left the small closet.
He had only just buried himself among an assortment of men’s swimming trunks when something brushed against his leg. A scream of pure terror had almost escaped his mouth until his eyes adjusted to the darkness and he saw two glowing eyes staring up at him. Pamela’s fat orange cat, Molly, was rubbing against his leg. “There you are!” he whispered as he squeezed down beside the cat. “Pamela has been worried sick about you.” He spread his hands too wide to pick her up; she wasn’t fat and round anymore, but skinny, almost scrawny. At that point he gently felt in the corner. His hand met a little heap of fallen swimming clothes, then on top, a pile of tiny fur balls asleep.  
In that instant the same blasted board Wesley had stepped on groaned again outside and he slowly leaned back against the wall, still trying to catch his breath. His chest was threatening to explode from his attempts to keep quiet as he paced out his breathing into long, slow even breaths. And his heart began to pound again. And the door creaked open and shut.
The smell of smoke drifted into the closet. It wasn’t expensive enough to be one of Torres’s Cuban cigars; must be Johnny with his cigarettes. Soon thereafter the door creaked open again.
“Whoa, what’s that smell in here?” Doug’s Spanish accent instantly gave him away. “Smells like sweat or something. Kinda strange for a swimming locker room, don’t you think?” Wesley cringed, holding his breath.
“Mike was prolly in here,” Johnny responded carelessly. “He’s run out here from town before. Wouldn’t surprise me at all if he ran out here for the party tonight, and changed into his dinner clothes in here.”
“He runs all the way from town?” Doug’s accent couldn’t quite disguise the awe in his voice.
“Yep. All the way from town.” Wesley smiled at Johnny’s sarcastic tone—it was a relief to know he wasn’t the only one jealous of Mike’s godly physique. “What’s this about?” Johnny cut to the chase. “I’m sure you wouldn’t risk a meeting like this in person unless it was something important.”
“You always think you’re the smart one, but you missed out on this one.” There was a moment of silence while the smell of Cuban cigar smoke mixed with the other smoke and drifted under the door of the closet. Wesley held Molly on his knees as he crouched on the rough flooring, hoping the two men on the other side of the door couldn’t hear her loud purring as he petted the cat slowly.
“What did I miss out on?” Johnny’s voice sounded on edge. “I sure didn’t miss out that you had my girl attacked; so tell me what I’m missing out on.” 
“We have to protect ourselves.”
“Not by attacking her, we don’t.”
“Get off your high horse and listen to me. What you missed out on this time. Maybe after this you’ll pay more attention when I say not everyone can be trusted.”
“What is it?”
“Something right underneath your nose . . . or should I say someone?” Doug’s voice was irritatingly patronizing. Why had he never before noticed how disgusting Doug was? Wesley wondered. His voice was so slimy it was like snail going through honey drizzled over an oiled surface.
“Who?”
“Right under both our noses,” Doug continued, his voice tinged with anger. “And I didn’t realize either. I don’t like being made a fool of.”
“I don’t see anyone making a fool of you.”
“Well, our precious Wesley Grant is making a fool of both of us—and getting your girl at the same time.” The last Torres added slowly, maliciously.
Wesley felt as though he were slowly petrifying in the closet as the meaning of Doug’s words sank in. How had Doug figured him out so quickly? His hand petting Molly froze in midair as he strained to hear the conversation better.
“Wesley?” Johnny’s voice registered disbelief. “It can’t be! I don’t believe it.  I know he’s always liked Katherine—she dated him briefly, but he doesn’t know anything about this. He can’t.”
“He can, and he does. I don’t know how, but he’s in with Bailey on this deal. Bailey found out Drake’s death wasn’t suicide, got the verdict changed. Apparently we underestimated him also.”
“How—how could he know? Are you positive?”
“Of course I am. My contacts don’t lie to me.”
“Which contact was this?” Johnny’s voice almost sounded fearful.
“You don’t know him. He works in a shady bar downtown. Never thought he’d come in handy, but he sure pulled through last week.”
Wesley’s mind was racing. The bar, downtown . . . where he’d met Bailey secretly. The friendly bartender had been one of Doug’s contacts? He didn’t know which was worse, that he’d been exposed or that the bartender had been able to recognize him despite his disguise.
“So what’s the plan now?”
Wesley barely heard Johnny’s question since Molly, jealous of Wesley’s diverted attention, began to meow angrily.
“What’s that noise?” Johnny asked.
There was tense silence outside the closet door as the two men listened and Wesley quickly began petting the cat again, trying to quiet her.
“Probably just a rat or something. Better check inside the closet just in case,” Doug instructed Johnny. The wooden flooring groaned as Johnny stepped forward to the closet door.
Wesley held his breath as the door slowly creaked open. Johnny looked inside. “Wha—” His voice was cut off as Wesley threw Molly onto Johnny. Morgan yelped and fell back out of the doorway as Wesley shot out, making a break for the locker door.
“Catch him!” Doug shouted at Johnny who was removing the cat’s claws from his shoulders. He lunged forward, his fingers grasping at the end of Wesley’s sleeve; Wesley’s slimy shirt slipped away from him before Johnny could get a firm grip. But as soon as they were on the porch, Johnny lunged for him again, this time tackling and pinning him to the porch.
“Pamela!” Wesley called, his face pressed against the wood planking. 
“Wesley? I thought you left?” Pamela switched on the porch light as she came to the door. The spreading rays of light and Johnny releasing Wesley happened in the same moment. And both men stood up, shaking off their clothes.
“Wesley, you came back? And you changed, too.” She sniffed in the air. “Gosh, something sure reeks out here.”
“Is Mike still here?” Wesley cut in quickly before Torres or Johnny could get a word out.
“Yeah, he’s talking to mother in the living room. Did you want to talk to him? Molly! There you are!” She snatched the orange cat up off the porch and clutched it close to her chest. “Where did you come from? And you’re skinny!” She snuggled her nose to the cat’s.
Wesley turned the conversation back to Mike. “I was wondering when he was leaving. Thought I might catch a ride back with him. I had some car trouble on the way home—blown out tire. That’s why I had to come back.”
“I could take him home.” Doug supplied smoothly to Pamela. “We wouldn’t want to disturb their little chit-chat in there. It really is a beautiful night out anyway.”
“I wouldn’t mind either.” Johnny found his voice. “I live closer to Wesley than Mike does, so it really makes more sense for him to come with me.” 
Wesley desperately reached for a final straw of an excuse. “I actually have some exercise stuff I’ve been wanting to talk over with Mike. Didn’t get a chance to during the party. I really need to talk to him about it tonight so I can incorporate it into my morning workout.”
Understanding dawned on Pamela’s face. “Oh, of course you should go with Mike then.” She reluctantly replaced Molly on the porch. “I’ll go get him now.” 
Chapter Eighteen
Katherine harshly rubbed her eyes as she slowly drank her second cup of coffee, the dark overcast outside forcing her to have a light on. Her eyes seemed fixated on the phone. Why won’t it ring? she asked herself again as she continued to stare at it as she had for the last hour, willing it to come alive. Her restless night showed in the faint circles under eyes, in the faint blue of the skin there that couldn’t quite be hidden by powder. What had happened last night with Wesley? How was Pamela’s father involved in this whole mess? And what kind of secrets was Johnny hiding? The questions had been plaguing her ever since she left the party.
A loud buzz made her jump. She knocked over her chair as she stood up quickly and pounced on the phone. “Hello?” The dial tone greeted her ears as the buzz sounded again.
She slammed the phone down as she realized it was the doorbell. Laughing at her own stupidity, she ran for the door while quickly tucking her white blouse into her pale pink slacks.
“Wesley!” She wrapped her arms around his wiry figure as relief and joy released her tension.
“Now that’s a greeting you should practice more often.” Wesley put his arms possessively around her.
She closed her eyes and inhaled the faint smell of cigarettes mixed with expensive aftershave that always surrounded Wesley. “I love that smell,” she muttered before she knew she had, and finally coming to her senses, she gently pulled away. “Better come inside.” And as soon as the door was shut she looked at him expectantly, waiting for him to tell his story.
“Can we do that again?” Wesley asked merrily, his eyes meeting hers.
“No!” Katherine laughed. “Tell me what happened! I’ve been up all night worried about you.”
Wesley’s face turned solemn. “I think we should sit down.”
“Really? It’s that bad?” Katherine led the way to the couches and gracefully seated herself facing Wesley. “Now tell me what’s going on.”
He took in her position for a moment before seeming to decide where to begin. “It’s about Johnny, first of all.” And he cringed as her face fell. “I’m sorry,” he said gently, “but he’s involved in this Drake thing up to his neck.”
“You don’t think it was he who—” Horror must have shown on her face as the ugly implications of her own words set in.  
“I don’t know.” Wesley cut in, stopping the wreck of that train of thought. “I just know he’s involved somehow with Doug, Pamela’s father, and they know that I’m helping Bailey.”
“Doug . . . ” Katherine repeated slowly, remembering the strange meeting she’d witnessed between him and Jerry in the drive-through, wondering again how he knew Jerry. “Doug, who is somehow tied up with Jerry.”
“Yes, Doug is in control. To his credit, Johnny sounded pretty upset about the attack on you.”
Wesley was thoughtful for a moment. “Jerry and Johnny have worked together before, haven’t they? I mean, when, ahem, Johnny was sent up for a year . . . wasn’t Jerry suspected as well?”
“Yes. I believe so. Johnny only told me that Bailey was convinced Jerry was the mastermind, but Johnny wouldn’t talk. They had just enough evidence to put Johnny away for a year. After he got out he followed Jerry down to South America, but finish telling me what you heard,” Katherine urged.
“It’s like I told you. Doug seems to be the one in charge, at least over Johnny. I don’t know about Jerry, and they’re involved with Drake’s death somehow. I don’t know who pulled the trigger, but neither of them are happy that the verdict has been changed from suicide to murder.” Wesley took a deep breath as he remembered how terrified he was when he heard them talking about him. “Someone that Doug knew overheard when I went to meet Bailey, so he knew all along. I think that’s what he had to talk to Johnny about, but I’m not sure because right then we got interrupted.”
“Interrupted?”
“Yes, um . . . Molly.”
“Molly? Pamela’s fat orange cat?”
“Yes, well, she’s not so fat anymore. Let’s just say that I found her kittens.”
“Have you talked to Bailey about this? What are we going to do?” And an odd feeling took her in as the word “we” was sounded out. 
“About the kittens? I don’t know if he’s a cat kinda’ guy.”
“No, silly. About Doug and Johnny. After all, at least that completely clears Johnny from the attack on me.”
“I haven’t gotten a hold of anyone since last night. I called the station right away last night when I got back to Mike’s place. Of course Bailey had left by then.”
“Mike’s place?” Katherine smothered a grin. “You stayed at Mike’s last night.”
“Of course I did,” Wesley responded curtly. “I felt like I needed a bodyguard last night.”
Realization dawned on Katherine’s face. “Oh no. You don’t think Johnny’s danger—”
The ringing of the doorbell cut off her sentence and jerked both their attention to the door. They both froze and stared at it as the buzzer sounded again, followed by angry knocks rasping hard against the wood. 
Johnny’s voice came through the door. “Katherine! Kate! Are you in there?”
“What do I do?” she whispered.
“Let him come in. Otherwise he’ll get suspicious.”
“I can’t let him come in with you here! He’s already jealous of you.”
“Hide me then. I’m getting good at it.”
“Okay, quick, hide in the coat closet. I’ll let him in.”
“Coming, Johnny! One minute,” she yelled as she opened the coat closet door and gave Wesley an extra shove to squeeze him in.
“You don’t have any missing cats, do you?” Wesley asked before she shut the door on him and locked it.
“Hurry up. I need to talk to you.” 
“Wait,” Wesley’s muffled voice insisted. Katherine undid the lock and quickly opened the little door.
“Be careful, Katherine. He’s dangerous. He attacked me last night.”
Katherine nodded and quickly shut the door again, clicking the lock into place. She then opened up the front door for Johnny. “Johnny!” she exclaimed in what she hoped was a surprised voice. “Aren’t you supposed to be at work?”
“It’s a matter of opinion,” he replied as he shut the door behind him and caught both of Katherine’s hands in his. “Kate,” he said with an earnest urgency, “let’s go get married.”
She stared at him in shock, noting his exhausted eyes and their air of desperation that was like a trapped gazelle with a lion approaching it. “What? Now?” Katherine’s mind raced as she tried to stall him off. “I thought you weren’t ready to set the date.”
“Well, I’m ready now. We can leave now and catch the twelve fifteen bus down to the border. We’ll be married tonight in Mexico!”
“In Mexico?” Katherine gently withdrew her hands. “Why Mexico? I thought you wanted to be married on the beach.”
“Sure.” Johnny took a step closer to Katherine, sliding his arms around her waist. “On a beach in Mexico, the water is warmer there anyways.”
“Johnny.” Fear was beginning to thaw and run in her veins. She took a step backwards, feeling ridiculous at being scared of Johnny. “I can’t just run away with you to Mexico. I have things here, other commitments.”
“It doesn’t have to be Mexico.” Katherine was sure now that she heard a note of panic in Johnny’s voice. What was he trying to escape from? “It can be anywhere you want. Wherever. I promise things will be different between us; they’ll be like they used to. You just have to leave with me! Tonight.” He pulled her close to him and kissed her. She didn’t respond and he noticed, slowly releasing her. “What’s wrong? Don’t you want to go away with me?”
She turned away, tears rising in her eyes. Wesley had been right; Johnny was involved in Drake’s murder somehow. “Johnny.” She spoke through tears. “You need to tell me what’s going on. You can’t always just run away from your problems.”
Johnny was silent for a moment. “If I don’t leave the country, things could get ugly real quick,” he said frankly, then, after waiting a minute longer and she still wouldn’t face him, he continued. “There’s a man here . . . a really dangerous man. I need to get away from him. If I don’t do what he says he could kill me—or even you.”
Her bare feet squeaked on the floor as Katherine finally turned to face him. Her voice was more under control as she asked, “Who is it?”
Johnny studied her. “I can’t tell you that. Wait, look at me Katherine!” he insisted when she turned away again. He placed his hand on her shoulder and gently turned her to face him again. “It’s for your own safety. You need to trust me on this. You can’t know anything, at least not until we’re out of the country, then I can tell you.”
“Johnny, I can’t leave the country with you when I don’t even know what’s going on. I’m sorry. But after all that’s happened, I think if you’re in some sort of trouble you should go to the police.”
He gritted his teeth at the mention of the police. “Green has it out for me. You know that. He thinks that since I slipped up once, I can never go straight.”
“If you need help, Johnny, you need to find it. I can’t help you when I don’t know what the problem is.” This she said firmly and tried to resist looking at the closet. She didn’t know how much oxygen was in there. Maybe she shouldn’t have locked the door. What if Wesley fainted in there?
“Think about it, Kate.” Johnny turned to go, then paused. “I’ll be at work until five o’clock. Then I’m going to hightail it out of here. I can’t leave any earlier or people might get suspicious.” He turned and caught her close to him again in a tight embrace. “Think about us, darling, all that we’ve been through. You don’t want to throw that away.”
Katherine hugged him close, her throat tied up in knots. That’s what she didn’t want to do—to think of what they’d been through. If she did that she might not be able to let him go. She didn’t want him to leave, but she couldn’t go with him either. Not with what had happened recently.  She fervently hoped he wouldn’t get into more trouble. “I’ll think about it.” He squeezed her again and turned to go. 
She couldn’t bear the thought of him being locked up in prison again. “Johnny.” He turned to her again. 
Tears welled up in her eyes at the thought that she might never see him again. “Please don’t wait for me. If you need to leave, leave,” she urged him. He looked at her for a long moment not saying anything. Then he turned and silently shut the door behind him.
Chapter Nineteen
Bailey closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair, racking his brain for a new perspective on the clippings taped all over the wall of his office. Two months now since Drake’s murder. This case promised to take longer than most. He thrived on a challenge, but he thrived more on victory. 
He picked up the tattered tennis ball on his desk and tossed it against the wall; it bounced in a triangle, onto the floor then back to his hand again. Back onto the wall, the floor, and into his hand again. Wall, Floor, Hand. Wall. Floor. Hand. It was just like this case, reviewing the evidence over and over again without getting anywhere.
The ball landed in his hand once again and his fist closed around it, stopping the rhythm as he stood up and looked again at the folder his assistant had delivered a few minutes prior. The photographs he’d pulled from it lay on top of the table; Doug Torres and Jerry Weinman stared up at him from their glistening replicas on the thin sheets. How were they connected? And where was Jerry hiding out? There had been a warrant out for his arrest for two weeks now, and still no trace.
The next photo: Philip Drake. Barely out of architecture school, he had designed a building for Doug Torres—a building that had sadly collapsed due to insufficient support. But he’d just discovered that information from the files his secretary had laid on his desk that morning. He put Torres’s picture underneath Drake’s, moving aside Johnny’s, Katherine’s, and Wesley’s.
Johnny had been a young engineer on the job, Johnny along with Jerry. Bailey adjusted the two photographs beneath Doug’s. Were they hired directly by Doug or was it just coincidence? And what did all this have to do with Drake’s death? Anything at all?
He rubbed his eyes again and picked up his coffee mug. His brain was already screeching at every thought and it was only 10:00 a.m.
“Oh, you’re here, Mr. Bailey. I didn’t see you come in.” His new secretary, her eyes hidden behind thick horn-rimmed spectacles, startled from her filing when he came out of his office.
“Of course I’m here,” Bailey said, taken a bit off guard. “I get here every morning at seven. I thought you knew that.”
“Well, I do know that, Mr. Bailey. ” 
The Italian forced himself to be patient. It always took her forever to say what she wanted and sometimes he’d almost rather not wait to hear the finale. 
“It’s about your messages, sir.”
“Yes? What about my messages? You do take them, right?”
“Of course, Mr. Bailey. I take all your messages. I have them all written down, always.”
“Good.” He’d started to walk towards the break room before he realized that she still hadn’t gotten out what she’d started to say. He stopped and turned back to her. “Brenda?”
“Yes, Mr. Bailey?”
“Did you have a message or something to tell me?”
“Oh, yes, Mr. Bailey, I meant to tell you about that.” 
“Please tell me about it now.” He forced a smile through gritted teeth. Was it so hard to find competent secretaries nowadays?
“It was Mr. Grant, sir.”
The Italian’s eyebrows raised and he straightened a little, perked to attention, his irritable mood forgotten. “Wesley Grant?”
“Yes. He called late last night and left a message for you. One of the night staff wrote it down here.”
Bailey’s heart skipped a beat. He forced a normal tone as he said, “Can I see it please?”
“Of course, Mr. Bailey, that’s what I was trying to show you.” 
Yeah, an hour ago, he thought sarcastically. “Thank you. I’d like to see it now.”
She fumbled through a short stack of papers on her arms before triumphantly pulling out a lined paper with the edges torn from where they’d lain in a notebook.
“Thank you.” He walked back to his office and looked down at the jagged note: Call Wesley Grant as soon as possible. Sounded urgent. The upper corner marked the time as 2:13 a.m. Two in the morning . . . he knew Wesley liked to party, but that late it must be important.
He gritted his teeth and let out something close to a growl as he thought about Brenda; he leafed through his notebook for Wesley’s number, picked up the phone and dialed.
“Grant residence.” A professional, clipped voice answered the phone.
“Bailey here, police. Is Wesley in?”
“I’m sorry, sir, he is not.” 
“Do you know where I can reach him?”
“I would try either Mike Donovan or Miss Hale. If that doesn’t work, perhaps the gentleman’s recreation club, his apartment in town, or his office. Usually his office is a last resort though. Did that help you at all, sir? Sir?”
Bailey rolled his eyes as he scribbled down all the possible numbers. “Yes, that helped. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome, sir. Good luck.” 
Bailey crashed the phone down, only to pick it back up and automatically dial a number.
“Green? Bailey here. How’s the stakeout going?”
Green’s voice sounded tired over the line. “This broad is exhausting. The lights are on all the time; people come and go; it’s hard to keep track of everything. She’s actually pretty nice though, underneath it all. I think I might’ve misjudged her when I first met her.”
“Great. Now you’re falling for her too?”
“No, of course not. Just stating facts.”
“Well, then give me some facts I need to know. Have you seen Wesley Grant around since, uh, two in the morning?”
“Yes, I believe he’s there now.”
“Believe?”
“Yes. Not one hundred percent sure. About a fifty-fifty chance, I’d say.”
“Explain how this works.”
“Well, Wesley showed up earlier this morning and went into the building, I’m assuming to her apartment . . . a bit later Morgan shows up as well. Johnny just left about ten minutes ago—haven’t seen Wesley yet though . . . why, what’s up?”
“I need to talk to him. If you see Grant, don’t let him leave! I’m coming over now.”
Chapter Twenty
Wesley, busy in his own thoughts wasn’t paying attention as he stepped to the curb from Katherine’s apartment building. “Pardon me,” he muttered as he jostled into a short man, whose face was hidden by a low hat entering the building. Grant looked up and refocused his attention. Hadn’t that black car been parked in the exact spot across the street when he arrived? Was he being tailed?
His nerves were all keyed up and his mouth was dry. He’d barely taken five steps when the driver’s door opened and Wesley glimpsed a man’s silhouette from the corner of his eye. He quickened his pace to keep up with his racing mind as he began to imagine all sorts of horrendous possibilities—Doug armed and after him, Johnny tying up loose ends . . . Crap. Where the heck was he supposed to go? He couldn’t go back to Katherine’s—that’d surely put her in danger—and the hair bristling on his neck told him there was danger. That left him on his own. Leading the man away from Kate’s was the least he could do. 
The sound of his heart pounding in his chest was almost enough to muffle the soft fall of footsteps on the sidewalk behind him. But he still heard them. He sensed a shadow falling over him. Suddenly his legs were moving faster, and so was his heart, as he broke into a run. At least the sidewalk offered less resistance to run on than sand.
“Wesley!” He ignored the shout behind him. “Wesley Grant, stop!” The running steps behind him spurred him on faster. If he’d ever thought running would be this handy he would’ve been a lot more consistent about working out—the thought flashed briefly across his mind—maybe Mike was a lot smarter than he seemed.
Out of breath and panicky, he reached his car and was fumbling with the car door. He glanced over his shoulder. A man was running straight for him, not ten feet away. He finally found the right key and inserted it into the lock. Too late. His heart nearly stopped and the rest of his breath was knocked out of him when the man slammed him into the car door. 
“All right, Wesley.” The voice was official sounding. “Give it up.”
Grant gasped and twisted his body awkwardly in order to see the guy’s face. “Wait a minute—I’ve seen you somewhere before.” The sentence was more of a drawn-out gasp as he fought to control his breathing. 
“That’s right. My name is Green. I work with Detective Bailey Marsh.”
A big splash of red crept over Wesley’s now-flushed face and he responded sheepishly, “Sorry about that, running and all. My, well, my nerves have been a bit tight lately.” He grinned.
“So I can see.” Green cracked a stiff smile, but his mouth looked like it wasn’t quite sure what muscles to use for that action. “Bailey told me to not let you leave until he got here. Would you rather wait here, or in Miss Hale’s apartment?”
“I think we better give Kate a break. I had to take cover in her closet when Johnny came over trying to take her out of the country with him.”  
“Interesting. I wonder if Bailey knows.”
“I doubt it. It just happened within the last hour.”
“Well, let’s get back to my post; I’m stationed there for a reason, you know,” Green flung over his shoulder as he turned back the way they’d come.
“It may be hard for you to believe, but I’ve actually never been inside a squad car before, much less a covert one,” Wesley remarked as he rubbed a cramping calf muscle, limping after Green to his car.
“Of course,” Green stated emphatically as they emerged from the alleyway onto Norton Street. “The one time I’m gone from my post Bailey had to arrive.” They approached to see the latter leaning, weight relaxed against the side of Green’s car, drinking from a thermos. His mood looked rather less than pleasant.
“I had to keep Wesley from leaving,” Green called when they were in earshot.
“Thank goodness you got him in time,” Bailey replied flatly. “I’ve about had enough with this message leaving business. It’s about time someone invented a machine for that.”
“I thought that’s what your secretary was for,” Green remarked as they came up beside him. The only response he got was a dark glare. Then Bailey turned his attention to Wesley.
“I just got your message. Sorry about the delay. What’s up?”
Wesley shot a nervous look over his shoulder that brushed the border of cowardice. “Are we safe here?”
The Italian hid an amused smile. “Yes, you’re perfectly safe here, Mr. Grant.”
“Good, I’m a bit tired of running for my life just at the moment.”
“Here, you can sit inside.” Bailey nodded to Green who unlocked the back door.
“Oh, the backseat?” Wesley looked at it sarcastically. “Why not the front seat?”
“I figured you had enough of views from the front, or should I say the top?” Bailey said. “Either take a seat or not, but tell me what’s going on.”
“I’ll take the seat.” Wesley almost jumped in the car. 
Chapter Twenty-One
The silence that filled the room in the wake of Wesley’s departure wasn’t peaceful as silence sometimes is. It was empty, bare, lonely. Katherine simply stood in the living room, numb, trying to collect her senses. Mechanically she processed the scene of her life that’d just played. What she’d begun fearing several months ago had been proved correct all along—Johnny was involved somehow in the nasty business concerning Drake. Johnny could get sent back to the pen. The angst she’d felt, the gnawing feeling that Johnny might someday return to his former ways had been proven correct. Yet now that it happened she was surprised how calm she was. 
He should leave; she wanted him to go. More than anything she didn’t want him to be locked up again. It would kill him. She wouldn’t go with him though. She no longer felt for him in that way—if she ever had. And now she questioned if her feelings had ever been more than a combination of physical attraction and pity.
What to do now? When compared to Johnny’s situation, everything else seemed to shrink in importance. Nothing else came close to the enormity of what could happen to him if he were locked up again. A human life was at stake. Her preoccupation with her career, of obtaining another job now seemed so incredibly shallow she was ashamed at the very thought of it.
She took a deep breath and forcibly relaxed her tense shoulders. There was nothing she could do right now to help him. Johnny was at work for the next six or so hours—she had to keep busy until then, or else her mind would go crazy with anxiety. Like a robot she turned to look at her office door. It did need to be cleaned in there. That’s what she could do—clean out her office, get Drake’s desk spruced up and ready for use.
Grabbing an armful of random cleaning supplies, she put on Frank Sinatra’s Five Minutes More, jacked up the volume, and set about attacking the room. Gently swaying to the blaring music, she ran her rag along the table, being careful to follow the direction of the wood grain as she caught up the layer of accumulated dust. Task finished, record repeating, she stepped back to admire her handiwork. Light lazily drifted in from the small window in her office and hit the desk, making it gleam, illuminating the carving on its side.
She looked closer at the etching. She’d noticed it briefly before, but had never taken a close look at it. Kneeling down beside the drafting table, she gently traced her fingers along the deep, carved lines of a map. South America . . . Rio, where Johnny had run into trouble. Her fingers drifted to the part of Brazil with the star carved in, where Doug Torres was from. Did Pamela know what her father was involved in? No, Katherine decided the same moment she thought it—Pamela would be incapable of keeping a secret.
Her gliding finger had paused with her thought. Then her finger wasn’t still anymore; it was sinking into the wood. The star was moving with it, being indented into the table. She looked at her finger with a kind of horrid questioning look, hoping it was going to stop sometime soon. It did. A little click came, followed by the emergence of a small knob close to the star. A secret compartment? She pulled her one finger out and put three fingers on the knob. Her heart began to beat faster as she pulled on the knob; it gave way, drawing with it from the table a thin, shallow drawer. And inside the drawer rested a folded, brown manila envelope. She felt an odd tightening spread across her body starting at the hairs of her neck and working down in a sickening wave. What had she uncovered?
Her fingers deftly unfolded the envelope and flicked up the two small metal notches which held it shut. She turned it upside down and gave it a small shake so that a few letters drifted to the ground and fluttered at her feet. Some had their own standard white envelopes, some were loose, all were handwritten. She picked up one of the white envelopes and flipped it over to study the postmark: Rio 1948. Who the heck would be sending Drake letters from Brazil? And why were they hidden in his drafting table? 
But this she thought she already knew and looked for a return address; the name Doug Torres was written in an arrogant scrawl. Then she picked up the scattered writings and scanned the dates at the top of each, searching for the most recent. It was postmarked 1949, right before the New Year, over six months ago.
Professor Drake, I am warning you again, since you did not seem to receive or heed my last letters. And since we are no longer living in the Stone Age, I’m guessing it was the latter. Despite my charm, I am not a man who will stand for being crossed. We had an arrangement. You did not keep your end of the deal but took matters into your own incapable hands and absconded with the painting. The painting, you will remember, is mine, and still is mine. Don’t deceive yourself by thinking my influence is limited to South America. I think you remember was happened to your superior, Sam—
 “I knew you were holding out on us.” The triumphant, familiar voice behind Katherine jolted her into the present. She felt her blood turn to ice as she slowly dropped the letter and turned to face Jerry. 
The boniness of his hands wasn’t quite disguised by the black gloves that covered them, yet they had enough strength to hold a compact Ruger leveled at her head. “You just needed a bit of persuasion to hand them over. That’s right.” He smiled, clearly enjoying watching the caged animal look creep over her face. “If you value your life, you’ll hand those over now.”
It was as if she were robotic, the way she reached down and grasped the letters, then straightened again, then wordlessly took the few steps covering the distance between them and handed the papers to Jerry. Her gaze never left the gun. He took the letters and flipped through them, a smirk of satisfaction lighting his face. 
“That’s a smart girl. I always knew you weren’t as innocent as you put out to be.”
Katherine licked dry lips, her mind mechanically calculating what to do. If she could only keep him talking to buy more time. Jerry loved to hear himself talk. At least if he was talking he wouldn’t be shooting. Hopefully.  
“What do you mean?” Her voice registered half a notch above a squeak.
“The obvious, of course. I was proven right in my suspicions. You knew all along where the letters were hidden, so you hightailed it over to the auction to retrieve them. Of course Johnny was too soft to make you talk. And you almost had me convinced that day at the beach. Almost.” 
“I-I didn’t know they were there,” Katherine stammered, trying to explain, to calm him down. “I only just found them.”
“Of course you didn’t.” Jerry’s tone was so patronizing it sounded like he’d been taking lessons from Torres. “Just like the professor didn’t know where the painting went.” His gaze shifted around the room as if he were searching for something. “Let’s move this party to the living room.”
He gave a sharp motion with his gun indicating for her to walk ahead of him. She slowly moved forward, but this time her eyes scanned the room as she sought desperately for something to defend herself with. All the knives were in the kitchen. Johnny had always wanted her to keep a gun—she never would accept one. 
“That’s far enough.” She’d reached the fireplace when he spoke again, and an eerie feeling of déjá vu swept over her. “So that’s your plan. You’re going to kill me the same way you killed Professor Drake. It was you who killed him, wasn’t it? In front of the fireplace. Will I also be holding a gun in my hand?” She turned defiantly to face him as she asked the questions.
“Don’t leave out Johnny. That’s right, your beloved boyfriend was an accomplice in Drake’s death. No, he didn’t pull the trigger, but the police don’t know that. I killed him, but it’d be Johnny’s word against mine if it ever came to court. Plus the fact that he was at the apartment at the time of death. Well, he’s pretty much putty in our hands. Not that I really needed any more leverage after saving his life in South America.”
As Katherine stared agape at him, hate began coursing through her veins, replacing her fear, as she looked at the man who had ruined Johnny. This person—this monster kept dragging him down every time he tried to come up for air.
Jerry continued to relish in his moment. “I thought it would be an extra special touch to have you die in the same way your beloved professor did. Of course there will be a suicide note explaining how you’d killed Professor Drake and became so overcome with guilt you took your own life. Kind of poetic, don’t you think?”
Katherine looked down at the poker in front of the fireplace—what Drake had been reaching for. Now she realized it was in self-defense. Would she really die in the same way as her mentor? Shot, reaching desperately for the only weapon in sight?
“You should’ve remembered I don’t like poetry.” 
Katherine muffled an exclamation at the sound of Johnny’s voice. He entered the room slowly, a gun of his own pointed at Jerry’s head. And his eyes held such a look of pure hatred as they rested on Jerry’s back that she remained quiet.
Jerry was frozen for a brief instant before he finally turned to face Morgan. “Johnny! You’re just in time for our little party.” His arm’s shadow sketched a brief arc on the ground as he turned his gun from Katherine onto Johnny.
“I see,” Johnny replied, his jaw muscle tight. 
Kate felt like a spectator watching a duel scene played before her. 
“You know you don’t want to do this, Johnny.” Jerry spoke as though explaining a concept to a child. “She knows too much. No loose ends, remember? That’s what messed things up for us in Rio. We had a loose end—Drake.”
“Whom you had to kill, insisting he was the only one who would die because of this.” Johnny didn’t lower his gun.
“She’s the last loose end, Johnny. I finally got the letters. If she’s out of the way we don’t have to worry about someone finding out about the painting . . . about the blackmail letters Drake was keeping . . . about Drake. I don’t like that look in your eyes, Johnny. Don’t forget about South America. Don’t forget what happened that night of the storm.”
Johnny was silent, his jaw muscles working.
Taking Johnny’s silence as acquiescence, Jerry rotated his gun away from Johnny and back onto Katherine. Surely Johnny would not just let her die. 
She was frozen in place. The last loose end repeated horribly though her mind as she squeezed her eyes shut. The gunshot sounded far away, like it’d been fired from a great distance, and she fell limp to the ground. 
This time instead of a lifeguard, she was drowning. The blackness was closing in over her head and she couldn’t stop it, didn’t want to stop it. It felt better to just let it take her away. 
“Katherine!” Her shoulder was being shaken vehemently. “Wake up! We have to get out of here.”
She forced her eyes open and looked numbly up at Johnny. Then she tested her limbs. They all seemed to work okay; she sat up. Finally it sank in that she hadn’t been shot, but rather, had just fainted. But somebody had been shot—Jerry. His body lay in front of the hearthside, strikingly similar to the way Drake’s body had lain.
~ ~ ~
Quick footsteps sounded behind them, and Johnny knew whose they were without even turning around. Bailey. He released his fingers from the gun, letting it fall next to Jerry’s body. It was finally over, he realized as his eyes sought Katherine’s. His short dream of freedom, of stability—of love—had come to an end. She returned his gaze, the last several months of misunderstanding between them forgotten, her eyes telling him she finally understood what had come between them, what he’d been going through. That quiet moment between them, during which no one else existed, seemed to last a lifetime. It seemed to make up for the previous weeks of mistrust and tension. 
“Kate!” The brief, peaceful interlude was crudely shattered by Wesley rushing in, hitting his shin with a loud smack on the coffee table. He limped over to Katherine and turned her to face him, pulling her close. “You all right?”
Johnny stood watching as Katherine relaxed into his arms, nodded, and buried her face in Wesley’s shoulder—like she used to with him. He barely even noticed the presence of the other two men, for, in that instant, all his mind could process was that he and Katherine were over. Over.
“Step away from the gun, Morgan,” Bailey instructed. Johnny slowly turned his attention to the two detectives who held their guns drawn on him. Green’s eyes had the look of I told you so.
“Stop!” Katherine pulled herself from Wesley’s embrace and cried in a voice full of tears. “He just saved my life—it was self-defense. You have nothing on him.”
“Was Drake’s death also self-defense? One of the officers down in the lab managed to get another fingerprint off the gun found in his hand. Guess whose it was?” Bailey’s voice was sharp, his eyes never leaving Johnny’s face. “He has to come down to the station with us and answer some serious questions.”
“No, you don’t understand.” Katherine stepped between Johnny and the police. “He didn’t kill Drake, Jerry did. He confessed to me himself. Johnny’s fingerprints were on the weapon because he helped Jerry cover it up.”
“Oh, so he was only an innocent accomplice to murder?”
All the while Johnny was fighting off a feeling of claustrophobia as he mentally tuned out the conversation. He felt as though the prison walls were already closing in around him. He couldn’t go through that again. Couldn’t go back. And he took the only opportunity he saw.
He bent faster than a lightning strike and snatched up the gun from the floor with his right hand; with his left he crudely grabbed Katherine and pulled her in front of him, twisting her arm behind her back as he held the gun to her head. “Put the gun down or I shoot her. Now!” he shouted, giving a little jerk to Kate’s arm so that she cried out in pain, a noise that finally registered the situation to the detective’s startled senses. Bailey gave a subtle nod to Green and both slowly lowered their guns. “Now drop them and kick them over here!”
They both kicked the guns over. Johnny turned to Wesley. “Pick them up by the barrels and put them in my pant pockets—slowly, or your girl dies.” He gave her arm another jerk.
Wesley stepped forward, bumping his leg on the coffee table again as he uncomfortably bent down to pick up both guns. He approached Johnny slowly, awkwardly holding the automatics and fumbling slightly with them as he placed them both in Johnny’s pockets. One less likely opponent he had to worry about. He got the distinct impression that Wesley had never handled a gun before.
“Nobody move!” After Wesley released the handles and took a cautious step back, Morgan began edging towards the door keeping Katherine in front of him. “If I anyone moves or follows I’ll shoot her. Got it, Bailey?” The detective nodded a begrudging, angry yes. 
Johnny could feel Katherine wince slightly from the tight grip he held on her arm as he propelled her in front of him out of the door; the moment he kicked the door shut behind him he loosened his grip slightly and pulled her into a run down the hallway.
He didn’t pause to wait for the elevator but instead took the stairs. He took them two at a time, Katherine almost tripping on the third one. 
“Wait!” She pulled to a stop, forcing Johnny to a stop as well. “Just leave me here, Johnny. There’s no point in taking me along. Besides, I’ll only slow you down. I can’t go as fast as you can. You should get away without me—while you can.”
“We’re almost to my car, come on!” Johnny pulled her to continue the headlong race down the stairs, but deep inside he knew she spoke the truth. Even so, he couldn’t bear the thought of breaking away by himself. He selfishly wanted a few final minutes with her. 
They reached Morgan’s car in record time where it was parked in the small alley at the rear of the apartment. Gasping for breath, Katherine quickly let herself into the passenger seat as he dashed around to the driver’s side. Despite her recent fainting spell, a new wave reckless carelessness seemed to sweep over her. 
“Don’t get in a wreck!” She steadied herself with a hand on the dashboard as he swerved the car out of the alley and turned her head to see that the screeching tires had left a trail of burnt rubber on the pavement.
He nodded and slowed down. There was no point in calling attention to themselves. “Where is Bailey parked?”
“In front, I suppose.” Katherine clicked her seatbelt firmly into place. “They’ve been watching my place from the front for some time now. Why?”
“Just going to slow them down a bit is all.” Johnny replied as he pulled up behind the squad car parked next to Green's black one in front of Katherine’s apartment. He reached into his pocket and passed her the small penknife he always kept on him. “Slash the two back tires; he’ll have a spare in the back, but only one. That should give me a good half hour head start.”
Katherine didn’t hesitate hopping out of the car, knife in hand. Johnny watched her from the rearview mirror, his throat tight. His heart felt like it was going to be ripped from his chest. She was such a trooper. This reminded him of the Kate he knew before, the fun Kate, before all this business with Drake happened and ruined everything. He couldn’t drag her along with him to the border for his own insurance. Who knew what could happen on the way? He could get into an accident, the cops could begin shooting on sight . . .  For once in his life—probably the first time—he would do the unselfish thing and release her. Tears welled hot behind his eyes.
“I got four of the tires! Two on each car.” Katherine breathlessly returned to her seat and passed the knife back to Johnny. “That should hold them up even longer than a half hour, don’t you think?” Her smile faded as she saw the tears standing in his eyes, noticed his quivering chin. “Johnny?”
“Kate.” Johnny forced a calm voice and kept his eyes on the rearview mirror, avoiding hers, waiting to see signs of pursuit. It looked as though Bailey and Green were actually following directions. Hopefully Wesley would insist on it—Johnny knew the way he felt about Katherine.
“Yes, Johnny?”
“Do you still want to marry me? Are you willing to leave the country with me and lead the rest of your life in a foreign place?”
She took a deep breath before answering. “I do love you, Johnny. I always have. There’s nobody I care more about . . . but there’s Wesley too, and I—I hope Wesley and I might . . .” 
“That’s all I needed to hear.” His voice was tight. “I suspected you had feelings for him, but with everything else going on I didn’t want to think about it. I also needed to hear it directly from you so I won’t wonder about it for the next ten years of my life in Mexico.”
“Johnny—” 
“Get out of the car.” His eyes were focused on the steering wheel. He didn’t dare look at her for fear he might lose his resolve and take her with him.
“What?” She stared at him. “But I thought I was your safety net, your hostage, until you get across the border?”
“No. It’s too dangerous for you. You know I’d never hurt you—I had to make them believe I was serious. Get out of the car; go back to Wesley. Well, actually”—he grinned suddenly—“wait a couple minutes for me to get a head start first, okay?” He finally looked at her, then quickly returned his gaze to his mirrors.
Tears filled her eyes as she nodded slowly. “Of course. I’ll wait as long as I can.” She leaned across and gave him a kiss on the cheek, before choking up. “Goodbye, Johnny . . . and . . . good luck.” All her memories of her times with him were flooding her mind, how she felt about him, what he'd come to mean to her. 
He nodded, unable to speak, but just watched her silently as she unbuckled the seatbelt again and got out. She didn’t have time to close the door before he returned his foot to the gas pedal and ground it down. Changing his mind again wasn’t something he could allow, plus he was losing time. Every minute counted. 
“Johnny, wait!” He heard her scream suddenly. He slammed on the brakes again, disregarding the loud squeal. She ran up to the passenger door again, out of breath and climbed in. 
“Tell me what happened that night in Drakes apartment.”
“What? You’re crazy, Kate. I’ve gotta’ get out of here.”
“No, Johnny. Tell me—I have to know.”
“I went there with Jerry to rough him up a bit, make him pass over the letters.”
“Who shot him?”
“Jerry did. He lost his temper when Drake wouldn’t pass over the letters, and 
shot him. But my fingerprint was on the gun because I had to adjust it, help make it look like a suicide.”
“So when I got there, you were still there?”
“I’d stayed behind, after Jerry, making sure there was nothing left. I heard
someone knocking and beat it to the fire escape. I had just started down when I recognized your voice. I couldn’t let you just barge in like that on him. I had no idea you were going to come over that night, you have to believe me.”
“I believe you.” She fumbled around in her purse and pulled out a black lighter. 
His black lighter with the small diamond on it.
“Where did you find that?”
“It was in my apartment after you and Jerry searched it. I pocketed it before 
Bailey could see it.”
“About that—”
“Plenty of time to explain on the way. You answered my questions.” A smile lit 
her face as she reached up and pulled on the seatbelt again. 
“What are you doing?”
“I’m going with you.” The sound of the seatbelt clicking firmly into place didn’t 
leave room for argument. “I hear there’s a great demand for women architects in Mexico nowadays . . ."
~ ~ ~
	As promised, Wesley hosted the party for Mike Donovan’s tennis tournament. Champagne poured freely like water, and the guests milled about the large living room. Those brave enough to face the cold wandered by the garden and pool.
Mike had even more of a swagger to his step than usual. Wesley watched him leaning back against the mantle of the fireplace, his white suit cut perfectly to display his broad shoulders. Pamela, in a slinky red dress hung onto his arm and clung to him the way he'd seen Kate clinging to Johnny.
“Nice turn-out.” 
Wesley turned to greet Bailey. “It is quite nice. Funny, I don’t remember inviting you here.”
“I took the liberty of inviting myself. Haven’t seen you around for a while.” The Italian responded as he sipped champagne. He hadn’t bothered to change out of his working suit, and as such stuck out like a sore thumb among the tuxedos and evening gowns—and he seemed to like it.
“At least you could’ve bothered to dress properly.”
“I came more for your company. Didn’t think you’d mind my appearance. By the way, heard through the grapevine that you might buy a vacation home down in Mexico. Nice and warm.”
“Yes, it is.” Wesley cleared his throat and turned to Bailey. “You can get to your point now—why you’re here—in that hideous suit. I find it hard to believe you showed up to discuss my vacation plans.”
Bailey’s brows rose. “I just wanted to go with you," he joked. "But now that I’m exposed I might as well confess. First of all, I was wondering if you’d want help out on some more cases in the future, and second, have you heard anything about Torres?”
“First of all, I’ll have to think about your offer. It’s a little suspicious that you’re suddenly wanting my help, and second, no, I haven’t seen any sign of that creep. He’s probably deep in the jungle of South America—where a snake like him belongs. Seems like everyone has flown south. Almost like it’s winter or something.” 
“All the guilty ones at least. Well, we've heard from one of our sources that Torres might have returned to the U.S.  Apparently his wife wasn’t too happy with him; his daughter of course stayed here, and he was never close with his stepson. Seems he had a thing for the East Coast. Could just be a rumor of course.”
Wesley shrugged. “Haven’t heard anything about it, although I would be glad to see that one behind bars. I’ll let you know if I find out anything.”
“That would be helpful.”
Wesley moved while they talked and sat down in one of the large couches in front of the fireplace.
“Nice painting.” Bailey stood looking at the large landscape above the fireplace.
“Isn’t it?” Pamela asked in a high voice. “It looks so much like the one my father used to own. Sometimes I still have to do a double-take.”
“Oh, does it?” Bailey sounded bored. “Where did you get it?” This he directed at Wesley.
“From a mutual friend of ours, Phillip Drake. I thought it looked nice there.”
“It’s a bit cheap, if you ask me,” Mike commented, looking up at the painting as he patted Pamela’s hand on his arm. “But Wesley seems to have sort of an attachment to it, which is really what art’s all about, after all.”
Bailey’s eyes narrowed. He was quiet for a long moment, his head slightly cocked to the right as he stared at the painting.
“Really, Bailey. You surprise me.” Wesley chuckled. “I never thought you’d be that into an imitation Turner painting. For me it’s understandable. I collect art, and this one has sentimental value, but for you—”
“It’s not an imitation.” Bailey spoke quietly, his voice in awe. “It’s been right in the open the entire time. While Torres and his goons searched the countryside, it was right here in plain sight!”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” 
Mike said, “But it wasn’t in plain sight the entire time. Wesley had it hidden away in his closet, and McNab told me he even hung it in the storage room for a short time, if you can believe that.” 
Pamela giggled and tapped Mike’s arm. “Shh, let the man finish.”
“Yes,” Wesley turned to Bailey. “Do you mind explaining your random comment?”
“It’s all coming together now.” Bailey’s eyes were bright. “Drake is the one that stole the artwork. Torres filed the insurance claim for it, setting the authorities on Sam’s trail instead, for some reason or another. But Drake double-crossed him and took the painting with him, knowing Torres couldn’t possibly tell the authorities without incriminating himself in insurance fraud.” His voice rose until it was nearly triumphant at the end.
Pamela was quiet, and Wesley could see by the look on her face that she believed it. “It could’ve been Phillip. That would explain why no alarms were set off; he came over often for dinner, and he always carried his large briefcase with him. It would’ve been easy for him to slip it out the door when we were dining. But my father”—her voice got quieter—“I guess it shouldn’t surprise me that my father was involved.”
“Are you sure?” Mike gave the painting another doubtful glance. “It really doesn’t look good to me.”
Pamela nodded. “There’s only one way to know for sure. I know an art collector and appraiser here in the city that would be happy to take a look at it. That is, if you don’t mind, Wesley.”
Wesley shrugged. “I don’t mind. Although I do have one condition.”
“What’s that?”
“That if it does turn out to be rightfully yours, you will let me borrow it a few months out of the year. It has a special sentimental value to it.

###END###
Thanks for reading!

To be notified of future releases, sign up for my newsletter at
http://jasminewhiteauthor.com/

Connect with me on Twitter
Follow my book inspiration on Pinterest
