Part One

Veronica Clark was lonely. She moved to the city of Portsmith a few months ago after being offered her dream job as a reporter for the Times Daily, the largest newspaper on the east coast. She didn't have that big of a family and most of them didn't keep in touch, so the 1,000 mile move didn't seem like a big deal to her but things were different in her town and she felt isolated.

She sat in her small apartment and drank a glass of wine which was going straight to her head. She never drank much. She never had much of a social life either but she was used to that. Being shy and quiet she never met that many people or had many friends, but since moving to Portsmith she felt more alone.

In the background she heard a tv commercial for a dating website. Her last and only boyfriend was in college but they broke up just before graduation, three years ago. Since then, she had been set up on a few dates but they never amounted at much. Veronica was looking for her prince, her soulmate, and she wouldn't settle for less.

She brushed her wavy blonde hair out of her blue eyes and focused more on the tv.

"Meet your soulmate. Our test algorithms are so accurate, you don't pay a dime until you meet someone."

"Yeah right." She laughed and lifted her glass towards the tv. "Maybe I'll just take you up on that."

She pulled up the site on her laptop and looked around at all the pictures of good looking, happy couples. She shrugged and started filling out the form which was mostly a bunch of personal questions. Lastly she needed to upload a picture.

She used her webcam and didn't think it came out bad. She thought she was kind of pretty with her small nose and high cheek bones but plain. Some of those old dates told her she was beautiful but she knew men would say anything to get into a girl's pants. When she was done, she looked over her answers while she chewed her bottom lip, then closed her eyes and hit 'send'. She figured she'd never hear from the site again.

Two Months Later

Veronica looked at her watch then around the fancy, crowded restaurant. She felt so embarrassed to be sitting there by herself. She was sure everyone knew she got stood up and that her date wasn't coming. She took another sip of the wine she ordered and tried to look calm and relaxed.

About a week after signing up for the dating site, she got an email from Dr. Andrew Tallingham, a doctor, and your basic tall, dark and handsome package which she kept thinking was too good to be true. Veronica and Drew had been emailing and chatting online for the past two months, it became part of her after work routine.

She asked about talking on the phone or even via webcam but he always said no. She tried to make excuses for him but the only thing she could imagine was that he was secretly a troll and not who he pretended to be. Then one day Drew asked if she wanted to meet in person. She was hesitant at first but he easily convinced her.

As she waited at the restaurant, she kicked herself for joining the dating service in the first place. She felt ridiculous sitting there by herself, all dolled up. Her normally wild hair was neatly held in a clip and she had taken her time applying a little make up, making sure her blue eyes popped. She wore her go-to little black dress which showed just enough of her ample cl**vage and shapely legs without looking trashy.

She nervously bit her lip then looked at her watch again. Twenty minutes late. She checked her email but no messages. Maybe he got called into the hospital for an emergency, she thought as she considered possible scenarios for his not being there. Unfortunately she kept tormenting herself, thinking that he saw her and left thinking she wasn't pretty enough.

"Would you like something else?" The waiter asked. He had an accent that was Eastern European with a touch of something else she couldn't place.

"No, thank you. I guess I'll be going." She grabbed her phone and wallet.

"No, please. It's such a pleasure having a beautiful woman in my serving area. Let me at least get you another drink...on the house." He smiled as he spoke revealing a gold tooth.

She nodded and smiled. She figured she didn't have anything better to do and maybe Drew would still show up. She wasn't much of a drinker but sipping another drink wasn't going to make a difference. She took a cab just in case, so she wasn't worried.

The waiter brought her a drink she didn't recognize but drank anyway. It was a pretty blue color in a tall glass with an umbrella and she nursed it for twenty minutes before deciding it was time to leave. The waiter called a cab for her a few minutes earlier and it was waiting outside the restaurant. She stood up from the table and almost lost her balance until the waiter caught her.

"Whoa, thank you. I guess I didn't realize how strong that last drink was." She said to him, his arms still around her.

"No problem. That's a special drink from my country. Happens to everyone. I'll help you get to your cab."

She slipped her arm through his and felt his long, lean muscles through his sleeve. She briefly thought he seemed too muscular for a waiter but pushed that out of her head and decided he probably did something else and waited tables to get by. As a writer, she was always making up stories about other people.

She looked out the car window as the cab exited the city. The lights of the city were a blur as they sped past. She felt the effects of the alcohol suddenly take hold of her and decided to close her eyes for the rest of the ride.

***

Voices woke Veronica.

"Yes doctor, very healthy." A woman's voice said.

"I think Stavros will be quite please. She's a natural submissive too. Based on the tests, she also appears very fertile. Exactly what he's been looking for." The doctor said.

She looked around, her mind in a haze. She was strapped down to an examination table with a thin sheet covering her body. Above her was a large examination lamp that was turned off. She turned to her right and could see palm trees outside the long wall of windows.

Palm trees? There aren't palm trees in Portsmith.

She turned her head to the left, towards the voices. Standing by a steel grey countertop with cabinets and a sink, she saw a man and a woman. The man was wearing a lab coat like a doctor and the woman was wearing scrubs like most nurses wear. She forced her eyes to focus thinking the man looked familiar.

"Drew???" She croaked, her voice a hoarse whisper, her throat very dry.

The doctor turned towards her and smiled. His eyes twinkled and some wrinkles appeared at the corners. He tapped the nurse's arm before stepping towards Veronica.

"Well hello Veronica! You've done quite well so far. Just go back to sleep and everything will be explained to you later."

"What? Drew?? What do you mean?! I don't understa-" Before she could finish her sentence the nurse gave her a shot of something clear and she felt the world rush away from her again.

***

When she next opened her eyes, Veronica immediately sat up not sure what to expect. She was wearing a thin, shapeless cotton dress, similar to a hospital gown and nothing else. She wondered what happened to her clothes and how she got there but the more she thought, the more her head hurt.

She rubbed her eyes and tried to focus, expecting to see the examination room she was in earlier but saw that she was somewhere else. It was dark and looked like a jail cell. The walls were made of cinder blocks and there was a tiny window through which she could hear the ocean.

She got up from the cot she was laying on in the corner of the room and walked towards the large, closed wooden door when her neck was jerked back with a loud clank. She reached for her neck and felt a leather collar attached to a thick metal chain bolted to the floor and began screaming.

"What's going on?! Let me out of here!!"

"Please relax my dear." It was a calm, soothing female voice and Veronica thought it sounded similar to the nurse when she last woke. "We cannot let you out. You are here for a purpose."

"A purpose? You've chained me like a dog for a reason??" Just please let me go. I don't know why I'm here. I don't even know where I am. I just want to go home. There will be people looking for me you know." She pleaded.

The voice laughed.

"No one will be looking for you, Veronica. That's one of the reasons you were chosen. No one will notice you're gone."

She was quiet. She knew the voice was right and she hated it for that.

"Why? Why did you take me?" She sat on the cot and began crying with her face in her hands.

The sound of a loud buzzer filled the air and she heard the clank of heavy locks pull back from the door. She looked as the door opened expecting to see whoever had the female voice, instead it was Drew.

She leapt to her feet and ran to attack him, forgetting she was chained to the floor. The collar yanked her back, taking her off balance, and she fell to the cold, stone floor.

"I never expected so much spunk from you Veronica." Drew laughed as he entered the room and sat on the cot. "Now stop acting like a child and sit with me. I'll explain why you're here."

She seethed with anger but knew she didn't have a choice. She got up, fixed the hospital gown she was wearing to cover herself and sat on the other end of the cot.

"How could you? I trusted you." She shot daggers at him with her eyes.

"Yes, yes. Trust. Well I was just doing my job. No need for hostility." He crossed his legs and smiled at her.

He was a very handsome man with his black hair and smiled-creased face. Veronica found it disarming and hated him even more for it.

"Just tell me why you did this. Why am I chained in a cell like an animal?!" She reached out and slapped him hard across his face. He grabbed her arm and pulled back his other hand ready to slap her back.

"No." A strong male voice spoke over the speaker. "You will not touch her." The voice was deep and had a thick Greek accent.

"Sir, I was wrong. Everything indicated she would be submissive, but she is fighting," Drew said.

"I see what you don't. She is perfect. Bring her to me."

"Yes sir." Drew let go of Veronica's arm and glared at her. "You're one lucky girl."

Using a special key, he unlocked the chain from the floor. Still holding the chain he motioned to Veronica to follow.

She got up from the cot dazed and confused. She couldn't help attacking Drew but now she wondered whose voice that was and what he planned to do with her. She immediately thought it was a sexy voice and wondered if that was just because he rescued her from Drew.

She followed Drew into a bleak hallway. He held her chain as if he was walking a dog. She walked in silence, her bare feet feeling the chill of the stone floor. She listened to the clicking of Drew's dress shoes as he walked. She felt ice move through her veins as fear gripped her, not knowing where she was or what to expect next.

They reached a large, metal security door at the end of the hall and Drew entered a series of numbers into the keypad on the wall. She heard the locks release from the door and then heard the smooth air sound of the pneumatic pumps that opened the door.

On the other side of the door was another world. The dull, dark prison-like setting was gone. Veronica felt the smoothness of ceramic tile under her feet and could smell the salty sea air. An older woman stood up from a desk. She wore a bright white knee length skirt and a buttoned down white cotton shirt. Her clothing were crisply starched and not a hair of her tightly pulled, silver-haired bun was out of place. She smiled at Veronica then looked at Drew.

"He wants to see her." Drew said before dropping the chain onto the ground then looking at Veronica. "You'll be back, I'm sure of it." He said to Veronica before he retreated to the prison side.

Once the metal door closed, the woman stepped closer to Veronica and removed the chain and collar from her neck. Veronica rubbed her neck as she eyed the woman suspiciously.

"I am Stefania. I'll be assisting you while you are in this wing. Please follow me and I'll get you a change of clothing before you meet Stavros."

She followed Stefania into a small dressing room and Stefania handed her a white jumpsuit with a zipper up the front. She quickly put it on, it was formfitting like a cat suit and she felt uncomfortable wearing something so revealing, but she was glad to have something other than the hospital gown to wear.

"What is going on?" Veronica whispered although she wasn't sure why.

"I cannot tell you but you will learn soon enough. Stavros will explain it to you and then you will have a decision to make."

"A decision?"

Stefania only nodded then led her into a sitting room.

"Make yourself comfortable. Stavros will be in momentarily." Stefania left, closing the door behind her.

Veronica looked around. It was a large room with a glass wall that looked out at the beach. She once again wondered where she was. The room had several plush, oversized chairs in a dark blue color that matched the ocean outside.

At the opposite end of the room there was a bar with trays of fresh fruit, salads, sandwiches and pitchers of juice and ice water. Veronica walked over to it and felt her stomach suddenly twist with hunger. She grabbed a plate and loaded it up with food while she stuffed her face. As she turned to sit with her plate she heard a deep chuckle and dropped her plate.

"Has my staff treated you so poorly that you've lost your manners?" It was the same male voice with the accent that she heard over the speakers in her cell. Somehow this man had entered the room without her noticing.

He was seated on one of the plush chairs, closest to the center of the room. He had dark, wavy hair that reached his chin. His smile was sexy and mysterious and the white of his teeth contrasted with his olive completion. His black eyes looked at her playfully but she could see danger behind them. Even though he was seated, wearing a pair of loose tan colored pants and a white button down shirt of raw silk, she could tell he was tall and muscular.

"I'm sorry. I was just so hungry. I don't know the last time I ate. I don't even know what day it is." She bent down to pick up the food she dropped.

"Tuesday. You've been here three days. Drew believes starvation will make people more agreeable. I believe it turns them into animals." He sneered. "Don't worry about the mess, I have people to take care of that. Just please eat and once you're ready we will talk."

She stared at him as he spoke. There was something so magnetic about him she had a hard time taking her eyes off him. Her stomach growled again so she grabbed another plate and put food on it. This time being more careful. She didn't want him thinking she was an animal. She sat in the seat across from him, next to a small table where she set her food down.

He smiled and nodded his head.

"Yes, that's much better."

She felt color rush to her cheeks. She didn't know why it mattered so much that she pleased him. She didn't even know him.

"I am sure you know I am Stavros Theoharis." He waited for her to react.

She recognized the name. It only took her a moment to realize why his name was familiar and she nodded to him. Stavros Theoharis was the heir to the Theoharis fortune and a notorious playboy. Theoharis Industries was a huge conglomerate and had recently taken steps to expand further. There were rumors the Theoharis family, and the business itself, could trace their roots as far back as the Acropolis. The recent death of his father Khristos, meant that Stavros was wealthy beyond imagination, the richest man in the world. To call him a billionaire wouldn't be enough.

"I find it fascinating you didn't recognize me at first. I am very popular with the ladies..." His voice trailed off as he studied her. "Which is why you are here."

He shifted in his seat and crossed his legs so his ankle rested on the knee of his other leg. He then relaxed back into the chair and stroked his chin before continuing to speak.

"As I'm sure you know, my father's passing leaves the Theoharis fortune to me. While I have always been involved with the business, I didn't have the responsibilities I do now. I can no longer take the risks I once did before with the women in my life. I need to protect myself. At the same time, I have needs."

He stood up and walked to the bar where he fixed himself a drink. He moved with a grace she had never seen in a man before and it excited a different hunger in her than what she felt earlier. She watched as the silk of his shirt moved with his body and clung to his muscles. She felt herself get wet just from watching him move.

"Do you know what it's like to have an addiction, Veronica? To desire something so bad that it consumes your thoughts? That without satisfying that urge you become...an animal?"

She nodded as she thought of how hungry she was before.

"I have a sexual addiction. I need sex. I cannot function without it. Because of my new role in the company, I've had to live a lower profile life than before and be careful about who I let into my life. Even who I fuck. That is why you are here."

"Excuse me?!" She couldn't believe her ears.

"I will explain." He sighed as if he was annoyed she didn't understand.

He walked over to where she was seated and sat on the arm of her chair with one foot on the seat beside her, his other foot on the floor. He took her hand and she was shocked by how small her hand looked in his and by how warm his touch was.

"I need a woman who will satisfy my every need, all my wants and desires. One who will do exactly as I say." His voice was very passionate all of a sudden. "There are plenty of women willing to do this for me but they leave me unsure of their motivation. I know your motivation. I know why you are here, therefore I can trust you."

He moved her hand to his chest and held it there while his other hand cupped her cheek. She could feel the strong thump of his heart and the outline of his muscular chest through his shirt.

"After my father's death I moved to this island, Saint Sebastian, my private island. You will live here with me. You will travel with me. You will be wherever I need you to be and willing to do what I demand, when I demand it. In exchange you will be given your own suite of rooms, an allowance and a bodyguard to travel with you, plus whatever your little heart desires."

"Wait. Let me make sure I understand you right. You're asking me to be your sex slave?" She was sure he couldn't be serious despite the sober look on his face.

"Sex slave." He scoffed. "Such a pedestrian term. I am offering you a new life of wealth, of riches unimaginable. You have a choice. You can say no."

"And what happens if I say no?" She asked.

"If you say no you will return to your cell where you will be at Drew's mercy. He will handle things from there and you would likely change your mind afterwards, but I can be fickle and don't like to be told no so this is a one time offer. If you say yes then this will be your new home."

He leaned in closer to her, his lips so close to hers she could feel his warm breath on her skin. It gave her shivers and goosebumps in a good way, which made her angry. How could her body want him when he was the reason she was kidnapped?! He tilted his head and she gulped the air in anticipation of his kiss.

"You can give me your answer later. First I must make sure we're compatible." He whispered before his lips met hers.

The warmth of his lips sent a shockwave through her body. She really wanted to hate him. She thought he was egotistical...but gorgeous. She felt her anger melt further away when his tongue entered her mouth.

He slowly moved his tongue around hers. His lips were forceful but soft. She moved her hand up into his hair and felt how soft and silky it was. He slowly pulled back, staring into her eyes and she knew she couldn't help but do whatever he wanted.

His hand moved to the zipper of her jumpsuit and lowered it until her br**sts spilled out. She immediately moved her hands up to cover them, her head dropped down out of shyness.

"No, let me see."

She felt exposed and uncomfortable but she listened and lowered her hands, unveiling her voluptuous, round br**sts.

"Beautiful."

He reached for one of her br**sts and cupped it firmly in his large hand. She gasped at his touch and felt herself get wetter. He slid his thumb over her slightly erect pink nipple and watched as it hardened more and smiled.

"Very nice. Now undress."

"But-"

"No! I said undress. You will do as I say or you will be punished."

She stood up and felt self conscious. She hadn't been with many men but the ones she had been with had always been in the dark. She wanted to say no to Stavros but she couldn't deny that his forceful words and touch turned her on. She wanted him badly.

She unzipped the jumpsuit to her h*ps and slipped her arms out of the sleeves. Stavros moved from his position on the arm, to sitting in the chair and watched her. She lowered the zipper the rest of the way and stepped out of the jumpsuit but held it to her, trying to cover herself. He gave her a stern look and she immediately dropped it.

"You have nothing to be shy about Veronica. You're a very beautiful, sexy woman. Now come closer to me."

She felt her cheeks burning. She'd been called beautiful before but never believed it. For some reason standing there exposed in front of this arrogant man who could have whoever he wanted, she believed him. Her breathing was coming a little faster from excitement and as she moved closer to him she wondered if he could tell how turned on she was.

He leaned forward and slid his hand over the curve of her hip then over her stomach and down over her trimmed sex. She bit her bottom lip with anticipation and without thinking spread her legs hoping he would touch her more.

As if reading her mind he moved his fingers down and circled her wet entrance. His eyes were fixated on hers and she couldn't look away. He slid one of his fingers into her p**sy and her breath caught in her throat. He slowly moved it out of her before thrusting it back in quickly, making her moan.

"You're very wet." He whispered then slid another finger inside her.

He began thrusting his fingers quicker into her p**sy while she stood in front of him. Her h*ps rocked with his thrusts, forcing his fingers in deeper. He moved his free hand to clutch her ass, supporting her, his eyes never leaving her face.

"I want you to come Veronica."

She nodded as she panted, her breath ragged, but didn't know how she was going to do that on command. She knew she was close. The pressure inside her was intense and she felt a tingling sensation at the base of her neck which she always got before she came. She moaned loudly as his fingers f**ked her faster then felt him move his hot, wet fingers to her cl*t and pinch it.

She cried out as she suddenly came. She felt the pressure inside her release and her legs began to go weak. He pinched her cl*t again then slowly moved his fingers back into her cunt. She grabbed onto the chair for support as he made her orgasm last longer and chills ran up her spine.

Out of breath she looked at him, his face inches from hers as she stood and continued to support herself with his chair. He grinned, reached into his pants and pulled out his thick, erect cock.

"Suck it."

She immediately dropped to her knees and wrapped her small hand around the base of his hard rod. She looked up at him, worried she might not be able to bring him the same pleasure he brought her. She opened her mouth and was about to take his dick into her mouth.

"No, slowly. I can see you'll need training. That will come later. First use your tongue."

She moved the tip of her tongue over his soft tip, curling it around it. He groaned his approval and she saw a bead of pr**um and licked it, it reminded her of the ocean. She ran her tongue down his shaft and he moved her hand down to cup his balls. She looked up at him as she ran her tongue back up, feeling the ridges of his c*ck and then slowly took him into her mouth.

She covered her teeth with her lips and took him in as deep as she could then released him. She continued to do this, bobbing her head up each time she slowly took him deeper into her mouth until he suddenly lifted her up by her arms.

She saw the intense look in his eye and she was sure she did something wrong when she just wanted to make him come. She was afraid to find out what her punishment would be if living in the cell wasn't considered punishment. She met his gaze as he pulled her up onto the seat with him and she slid her knees onto the seat, his legs between hers. He grasped her face in his hands.

"What is it with you? I've never wanted to f**k a woman so badly before." He growled.

He roughly pulled her face closer to his and pushed apart her lips with his, slipping his tongue into her mouth. She was eager to feel him inside of her so she lowered her h*ps knowing his c*ck was below. She grabbed his c*ck with her hand and moved it to her entrance before dropping her h*ps down into his lap, driving his rod into her.

She felt a thin sheen of sweat developing on her skin. Her breathing was fast and when he pulled away from her lips she heard him breathing heavy too. He moved his hands down to her h*ps and guided them as he thrusted into her p**sy from below.

He dug his fingers into her skin and she whimpered from the pain but realized she felt even more turned on. She felt his c*ck spreading her each time she dropped her h*ps and he pushed into her. She was sure she'd never had a dick so large inside her before and moaned when she felt her p**sy begin to tingle with the pressure of her approaching orgasm.

"Come for me again Veronica." He grunted as he slammed her h*ps down his c*ck again.

She nodded, just thinking how badly she wanted to please him. How she would do anything he said. He moved one of his hands in between them and slid his fingers down to her clit. He parted two of his fingers and rubbed his knuckles along either side of her swollen clit.

She felt her h*ps buck and writhed with ecstasy between his c*ck inside of her and her cl*t rubbing between his fingers. She suddenly gasped as she felt her orgasm take over. It shook her body and she felt her p**sy clench down on his c*ck hard.

He sucked in a breath before he came into her. Her p**sy milked his come out of him and she felt his load shoot into her, filling her with warmth. She collapsed onto him, her h*ps still moving, her face buried in his neck and her arms around his broad shoulders. He moved his hands to the small of her back then slid them up, pressing her against his chest.

Once he caught his breath, he moved her off of him and got up. He fixed his pants and looked at her laying on the chair, still nak*d.

"You need some training but you'll do very well. I think this arrangement will work for both of us. I'll have Stefania prepare a room for you to stay in tonight. I'll expect your answer in the morning."

He looked calm and collected but Veronica thought she saw something in his eyes that she didn't think was just desire, but as she stared into his eyes she saw them harden and recognized danger once again. He picked up the jumpsuit she was wearing and tossed it towards her then began to walk out.

"Wait!" The word flew out of her mouth.

Stavros stopped just before he reached the door and he slowly turned around. Veronica stood up, holding the jumpsuit against her and tried to cover up, feeling self conscious once again.

"I'll do it. I'll stay here with you. I'll do whatever training you want me to. I'll do whatever you say." She paused and lowered her voice, she couldn't believe what she was about to say. "I'll be your sex slave."

A smile quickly spread across his face then was gone and once again there was something in his eyes she couldn't read.

"Good. That makes it easier. You realize, you never really had a choice."

He left the room and Veronica sat back down. His last words rang through her head. She looked out the windows at the sun setting over the water and the palm trees swaying from a passing breeze. She thought about the amazing sex she just had with Stavros and how she craved more of it. She pulled the jumpsuit back on and wondered if she really had a choice or not. There were definitely worse things in the world than being a sex slave to the sexy, arrogant Stavros Theoharis, the richest man in the world.

Part Two

Veronica Clark sat in the large room where Stavros had left her just minutes before. She walked over to the glass wall and stared at the waves as they crashed on the beach. She had no idea where she was.

She replayed the last few days over in her head but was too stunned to make sense of it. Just a few days ago she was meeting Dr Andrew Tallingham for dinner when he stood her up, only to have her drugged and kidnapped. That alone sounded crazy to her, but when she added in that Drew did that to help the popular playboy Stavros Theoharis, a multi-billionaire who recently inherited his family's fortune, Veronica couldn't make sense of it.

Sure Stavros explained he needed to lay low now that he was even more wealthy. He also claimed to have the insatiable sexual appetite of an addict, but why would he think she would be able to satisfy him? Even with whatever training he said she'd be getting. Who in their right mind would want her as a sex slave?

She felt herself blush as she thought about how sexy Stavros was with his wavy, dark chin length hair, piercing black eyes, and Greek accent. She was always a nice, shy quiet girl, it wasn't like her to be spontaneous or wild yet she had no other excuse for how she was acting.

Stefania entered the room and motioned for Veronica to follow her. As they walked down the hall, she couldn't help but notice Stefania's tight, perfect silver haired bun was a stark contrast to her wavy blonde hair. Veronica wasn't sure what to expect but she was coming to terms with her kidnapping more and more as time passed. She was even beginning to wonder what she was so upset about to begin with.

She was taken from her dull, ordinary life. Sure, she just moved to a new city and started her dream job as a newspaper reporter but now she was on a tropical island surrounded by wealth she never dreamed about. And the best part-it was all courtesy of the disarmingly handsome billionaire Stavros Theoharis.

She was impressed by the simple hallway with its elegance mixed with casualness. The cream colored walls played off the terracotta ceramic tiled floor. She stopped at one point to admire a tall vase with a narrow neck and flared rim. It had a beautiful blue and white Asian floral motif that Veronica recognized as from the Ming dynasty from her many museum trips as a child. As she reached out to touch the vase, wanting to feel the etching of the flowers, Stefania spoke from behind her.

"Stavros has always had exquisite taste. I helped him locate this Ming vase at an estate auction. He has quite a collection." Stefania smiled as she spoke about Stavros. "He was my best student."

"Student?" Veronica began to follow Stefania back down the hall.

"Yes. I was Stavros's nanny for years. His father, Khristos, hired me to educate him as a young boy. As Stavros grew, he found more reasons to keep me around even though I eventually reached the end of my educational knowledge. Eventually I was let go since I was no longer needed, but when Stavros's father died and he began to build this compound, he called and asked if I could help manage the staff. As I'm sure you've already seen, he is a hard man to turn down. He was like that even as a child."

Veronica thought it was odd Stavros would hire his former nanny to manage the staff and wanted to ask her more but they finally reached a set of large double doors at the end of the hall.

"These will be your quarters. I hope they are up to your standards."

Veronica thought she saw the faintest smirk on Stefania's face as she said that and realized she was trying to be funny. She wondered if they somehow were back at the dreary cell where she awoke in chains but then Stefania threw open the doors and stepped inside.

The room was a pale shade of purple, Veronica's favorite color. In the center of the room was a white, modern leather sectional. In front of it a glass coffee table in a rounded triangular shape, the base was a made with a simple wooden hinge. As she approached the table, Veronica noticed etching on the longest edge of the thick glass. She kneeled to look at it and saw it was a signature. Isamu Noguchi, the famed sculptor.

The back wall of the room was all glass and as Stefania opened the multiple sliding glass doors, the white sheer curtains began to blow with the sea breeze that entered the room. Veronica thought it was perfect and inhaled deeply the fresh, salty air and closed her eyes as she listened to the waves crashing on the beach.

She opened her eyes and saw Stefania go though another set of double doors so she followed her. She hadn't realized the room was missing a bed until she entered the bedroom. It occurred to her that her captive chambers were larger and much more elegant than her apartment back home.

The bedroom had a large bed against the far wall. The headboard was arched and upholstered with an ivory tufted fabric, white sheer curtains flowed down from the ceiling and draped along the sides of the bed. Pillows of different shapes and sizes were strewn atop of the bed along the headboard and the rest of the room was decorated with fresh tropical flowers.

"This is beautiful!" Veronica said as she looked around.

"It should be. It was designed with you in mind." Drew stepped out of an adjacent room. "I made sure you would like it. I was just adding some finishing touches" He paused to look at her for a moment before motioning to the room. "Stavros isn't a stupid man. He knows people are motivated by wealth."

Veronica eyed him suspiciously and wondered if the wealth was why she agreed to this, she still wasn't sure. Dr. Andrew Tallingham, or Drew as he preferred to be called, was the real reason she was there. She was supposed to meet Drew for dinner after spending a couple of months talking to him online and on the phone. Never in a million years had she thought he was simply collecting information to find the perfect sex slave for Stavros. Drew even called her a natural submissive, which upset Veronica greatly.

She didn't say a word to Drew but she did think how nice it was to know that he really did listen when she spoke. She was always quiet and shy, but for whatever reason she was able to open up to Drew. She chalked it up to desperate loneliness. Looking over at him she couldn't help but think he was very handsome with his dark features and tall, lanky frame.

"Why are you here?" Veronica asked and realized it took almost all her courage to do that, but she was hoping that if she was rude enough he would go away.

"Because when Stavros put me in charge of locating a suitable woman for him, I wanted to make sure she was going to stay. There's only so much I can do with unwanted females in my lab." He laughed evilly and didn't seem to care that no one else understood his joke.

"No, here on the island." She sighed feeling tired and frustrated.

"Stavros and I are old friends. We met in college about ten years ago."

Veronica didn't say anything, she walked over to a pair of French doors that led out to a small patio facing the beach. She couldn't help but wonder if it was odd that everyone except her seemed to be from Stavros's past. She wondered if anyone there was simply hired or if they were all from his past.

Drew followed her outside and put his hand on her shoulder but she immediately shook it off.

"I wanted to apologize for how I treated you. I get focused on the job and forget I'm dealing with people. I'm a surgeon by trade so I guess that comes with the territory."

She glared at him remembering how he almost slapped her when she was chained in the cell. Deep down she knew she couldn't trust him. Stefania stepped onto the patio.

"I wanted to go over some final things with you before you begin training."

Veronica nodded and followed Stefania back into the bedroom. She had completely forgotten Stavros said she needed training. She thought maybe he was joking when he said it because it seemed so bizarre that she would be trained to please him sexually, but she knew she hardly had any experience to speak of having only been with her college sweetheart.

Stefania led her into the adjoining room Drew came out of earlier. It was a huge bathroom with grey marble. In the center of the room was a large soaking tub. Across from the windows was a long shower that ran the length of the wall. Glass enclosed the shower and the nickel-plated accessories shone as if they were brand new. Above the tub was a vaulted ceiling with a large skylight.

"Please follow me." Stefania said as she went through an open doorway.

Veronica followed and entered a room of equal size to the bathroom but with racks of clothing. She was amazed with the dressing room and thought about how it looked like an expensive boutique she would always go into but never be able to afford anything from.

"These are your clothing. Lingerie is along that wall and in those drawers. Along this wall is casual and beach attire and then over there are your gowns."

"Gowns?"

"Yes, part of this process will also be training to escort Stavros to social events he must attend."

Veronica looked at the gowns and recognized brands she'd only heard of from magazine red carpet coverage. Designs by Valentino, Marchesa and others. More casual attire by Stella McCartney and Balenciaga. Shoes by Christian Loubouton and Manolo Blahnik. Lastly the most beautiful lingerie she had ever seen by La Perla. These were just the brands that stood out to her. She knew these were all things she could never dream of having before and began to chew her bottom lip nervously about whether she could fit in with Stavros and the other wealthy people at the events he needed to attend.

"Stop chewing your lip."

Veronica spun around to face Stavros and immediately stopped chewing her lip.

"Sorry. I just don't think I'm the right girl. I'm sure you can find one that's better suited for this. Maybe one from your past." She said.

"What's that supposed to mean? From my past. And who do you think you are, trying to make decisions for me? I told you before if you don't want to do this, then don't. You are free to go at any time."

"Am I? Last I seem to remember I was drugged and then chained in order to be here." She folded her arms and was silently amazed that she stood up for herself until she heard him let out a deep growl. She felt the hair raise at the back of her neck and a chill shot down her back.

"Never! Never talk back to me like that."

He charged towards her, his eyes blazing. She froze, frightened and uncertain what to expect. He grabbed her by her arm and dragged her out of the dressing room, back into the bedroom and over to a door she hadn't seen before. He pressed several numbers into an electronic lock and pulled her into the room once the door slid open. He threw her forward, further into the room as he let go of her arm. She put her hands out in front of her as she fell to the floor.

"I have no time for disrespect. I demanded a submissive and if Drew was wrong in his appraisal of you, then I'll be sending you back to the cell where you'll live chained like an animal until you learn how to behave."

She knelt on floor afraid of getting up. She blinked as her eyes adjusted to the darkness of the room. There were no windows in the room. The walls were dark, almost black, and as she looked around she realized she was in a dungeon. She quickly stood up and backed away from him as he began to laugh.

"Ahh I see you're not as comfortable here as you were in your other rooms. Maybe now you'll understand better what it means to be a slave."

He walked over to a wall that had several whips, floggers and rope on it and looked over some of them as he ran his fingers along them. She backed into something, turned around and saw it looked like a simple wooden bench with a padded cushion and arm rests. She sat on the bench as he turned to her.

"Yes, an excellent choice. Perhaps a spanking will let you see clearer," he said as he walked over to her. "You are sitting on Pandora's Chest. Would you like to know what's inside?"

She looked at the bench she was sitting on. It looked like an ordinary piece of furniture which made its placement in the dungeon odd. She immediately shook her head and Stavros laughed.

"Another time then. I can see you still don't trust me. Trust is vital. You cannot begin training until I have gained your trust."

He held his hand out to her. She didn't know what to do. She didn't want to take his hand yet she wanted to touch him, to be close to him again. She barely knew the man but she hated and loved him at the same time. She was sure something was wrong with her to think that way.

She finally put her hand in his, stood up and looked at him, not removing her hand from his grasp, instead enjoying the warmth.

***

Stavros Theoharis was used to getting whatever he wanted. What he wasn't used to was wanting something as badly as he wanted Veronica. Without a word he left her in her room and closed the secret dungeon door. There was so much he wanted to share with her, she just wasn't ready. She needed to trust him, and he needed to trust her.

Trust. It was such a simple word yet everything was wrapped up in it. Stavros thought about who he could trust in his life, there hadn't been many. Those who had proven their trust to him were on San Sebastian, his island. Drew, his oldest and closest friend, and Stefania, his former governess.

As it was, Drew had betrayed his trust with his handling of Veronica. Stavros didn't want to make a scene in front of Veronica but he didn't know about Drew's treatment of her. He was glad he decided to check the closed circuit monitoring installed in Drew's wing when he did.

San Sebastian had always been his place to escape. He spent millions of dollars transforming an old Spanish fort into a place of luxury and pleasure. When he first kept the old prison cells which were the home's foundation, he never thought he would one day use them. That was Drew's idea and Stavros let him run with it although he didn't realize the extent of Drew's plans. He knew he had enough money to take care of any legal issues that could arise from relocating women to his island; he never called it kidnapping.

As he walked down the long hall, his sandals made a soft clapping sound against the tile floor. He stepped out onto the stone terrace where Drew was waiting for him.

"She's perfect isn't she?" Drew asked as he made drinks for the two of them at the outdoor bar.

"She is. But I knew that. I spent the time chatting and emailing her, remember? You didn't think she was good enough."

"No, I said we could get a more beautiful woman."

"Veronica is beautiful. And intelligent. Intelligence is undervalued."

"Yes Stavros, perhaps she's too intelligent. Did you ever consider she might be playing you? Using you to have an easier life here?"

"You've never liked her. I think you secretly want her." Stavros tried to examine his old friend's face but Drew quickly turned away. "Yes, I can see that I'm right. You could never hide anything from me."

"Do you think she'll agree to the larger part of why she's here?"

"I haven't mentioned it yet. I might never mention it. She's very sensitive right now. It seems you put quite the scare in her."

"I'll do better next time."

"There won't be a next time," Stavros growled. "She is it. She's the one. I'm sure of it."

"And if she says no?" Drew cocked his head as he waited for Stavros's answer.

"Then I'll forgo the inheritance."

"You're a foolish man, my friend."

Stavros didn't respond. He didn't consider it foolishness. He never felt such an attraction to a woman as he did to Veronica.

He had given the sex slave speech to countless women. He convinced them he had a sexual addiction so they would accept his infidelity. It was a tactic he'd been doing for years to satisfy his lust for the scene with his need for privacy. He screened women to find a willing submissive, but in the end they were merely bodies to him...until now.

His entire adult life he'd been considered a playboy. He was never seen with the same woman twice and that's how he liked it. No attachments, no feelings, and no concern over whether they could be trusted. His father's death changed all that...rather the will did.

The will required Stavros to stay out of the spotlight and take his proper place as the face of the Theoharis corporate empire. It was too much for him to manage, especially with his sexual appetite, so he vanished to his island. The other requirements in the will, the ones Veronica had yet to hear about, were even more complicated.

In a nutshell Stavros needed a wife. He wasn't sure if he was ready for that kind of commitment, but Veronica was the first woman he couldn't imagine his life without.

He really didn't know what he would do if she said no but he would never rush things. Because of the requirements of the will he could lose everything, but he didn't care. She was the only thing that mattered to him now.

***

For the past month that Veronica had been living in the mansion, the only time she saw Stavros was for dinner. He didn't treat her like a slave, she was actually surprised with how well he treated her. They would spend most of the meal talking and getting to know each other. Eventually she even figured out that it was Stavros she had been in contact with online.

Stavros hadn't touched her since the day they met. She couldn't stop thinking about how not only sexy and wanted he made her feel, but special too. She wanted him so badly and was beginning to wonder if he didn't find her attractive at all. He once told her he had a sex addiction but it didn't seem like he wanted her.

She hoped that if she took some extra time to make herself look pretty, that maybe she could at least manage to flirt with him. Remembering his sexual addiction, she hoped to ask him about it as well the training he said she needed in order to please him.

While she was enjoying her time there, she was eager to begin. She was also eager to spend more time with him than just dinner. She needed to feel his body pressed against hers again.

She chose a floor length sapphire Michael Kors halter dress that had a belt around the waist and an open back. She paired the dress with silver gladiator sandals and let her wavy blonde hair hang loose.

The dress was a soft material that felt seductive against her skin. She couldn't wear a bra with a dress like that and it made her feel even sexier feeling the fabric brush against her br**sts. She would never have had the courage to wear something like that back home.

Stefania had told her earlier she would be meeting Stavros on the terrace that evening for dinner, which was a change. She arrived at the terrace five minutes early, knowing that Stavros hated to be kept waiting, but he was already there.

"I thought it was too beautiful a night to eat indoors," he said as she stepped out onto the terrace.

The night was warm yet breezy and the salt air tickled her nose. The wind tousled Stavros's hair which brushed his chiseled cheek bones and jaw line. His button down shirt draped perfectly over his muscular frame, the raw silk clinging to the muscles in his chest as he moved. As she looked over at Stavros, she wondered again why such a gorgeous man would want her.

"What are you thinking about?" He asked her.

"There's so much I need to know but..."

"But what?"

"But," she sighed, feeling uneasy. "But I'm not sure I want to know the answers."

"This is about why you're here isn't it? And what I've told you." He took her hand as she nodded and led her to a pair of teak chairs where they sat down. He looked into her eyes. "I don't see fear anymore. Have you learned to trust me?"

"Yes," she said softly, unable to take her eyes off his and loving the lilt of his Greek accent.

"Then you are ready. Trust is the most vital and important thing in our relationship. Without trust we cannot continue. This is an absolute for all relationships." He paused a moment to make sure she understood how important this was. "I will now tell you why I am here, why I need you. I'll also tell you how we will begin.

"You know of my wealth and my reputation. I'm sure you know I am wealthier than you can ever imagine. And that's just with my own success. When my father Khristos passed, he left everything to me...with certain stipulations." He sounded bitter.

"I don't need his money. I could care less about my father's money, but I have my pride. You see, my father never approved of my lifestyle. He felt I wasted my life and my money. It was his opinion that I would die young and have no one to leave my legacy to. I'm sure he wished he had other children besides me."

She could hear the pain in his voice when he spoke about his father. Looking into his dark eyes she saw disappointment and sadness. She reached out to touch his hand but he pulled away and stood up to pace as he spoke.

"This isn't about the money. This is a matter of pride. In order for me to take his place in the company, I was given requirements and a deadline.

"The first requirement I've already told you. I am to put an end to my lifestyle. No more parties, drunkenness or womanizing. He felt my poor image was a deterrent to investors. I resolved all that by moving here."

"But how do you cope? You said you have a sexual addiction."

He smiled, sat back down in front of her and took her hand excitedly.

"It's gone. Since we met you're the only one I think of, the only one I want to be with. When you become my slave you will experience pleasures you've never dreamed of. I'm looking forward to training you. It was worth the wait to make sure you're ready."

"What if I change my mind? What if I want to go home?"

"Do you want to go home?"

She shook her head and looked down. "I want to be with you. I know it was you in the emails and chats. I was confused at first but we got to know each other too well. I know you." She looked back up at him, a little confused. "Why didn't you just ask me? Why take me?"

"If I said I'm the richest man in the world please stay with me, you wouldn't have believed me. Plus it sullies everything. You couldn't just make the decision about me. My lifestyle would keep coming up in your decision. It might've been wrong, but it was the best thing I could do."

"Yes, you're right." She was quiet again for a moment but couldn't help herself. Just being so close to him was enough to send her head spinning. She could feel the pulsing between her legs begin and she couldn't help but wonder when she could be with him again. "When can we start my training?"

"Now."

He stood up and held his hand out to her. Once she took it he lead her back into the house and to her suite.

"Are you taking me to the dungeon?" She asked.

"Hush! You will not speak unless I allow it. You will ask for permission to speak unless I ask you a question."

She nodded and followed him into her bedroom. He motioned for her to sit on the bench at the foot of her bed.

"Do you recognize that?"

She looked at the large light wood chest that sat at the foot of her bed. It had a thick ivory cushion with matching bolsters on it that she had sat on earlier while slipping on her shoes. She sat on the chest, confused by his question and rested her elbow on one of the ivory bolsters.

"It's been here in my room, so yes I recognize it."

"It hasn't always been in your room."

She looked at it again and slowly remembered seeing it in the dungeon. She wondered how she didn't realize it had shown up in her room and wondered how long it had been there.

"Pandora's Chest?"

"Yes," he said as he sat down beside her. "Before I show you the chest, we need to make some arrangements. I know you trust me but we will need a safe word. Some word you can use if any of this becomes too much and you need to stop. You utter the word and I will stop whatever I'm doing." He picked up her hand from her lap and held it as he looked deep into her eyes. "You might be considered the sex slave but you are the one in control. This is the only time you'll hear me say that."

She felt her heart pound faster as he held her hand. She didn't know what it was about this man that turned her on so much. Yes he was gorgeous with his wavy brown hair and intensely dark eyes. Sure he had the body of an underwear model, there was something else about him though. Something deeper within him that called out to her.

"Soul. My safe word is soul."

"Soul." He nodded as he said the word. "There are a few more things you need to know about what your life as a slave will be like. I won't cover everything today, it can be overwhelming. Just make sure you understand how important your training will be and if you disobey me and go against the training, you will be punished. Understand?"

"Yes."

She nodded and felt impatient wondering when she would be able to touch him again. Just listening to his sexy Greek accent and knowing she belonged to him was enough to get her excited. She could already feel the pulsing that started between her legs.

"When we are alone like this, you will call me Master and I expect that you will not speak without permission."

"Yes Master."

"Superb. Drew was right, you are a natural submissive. Every master/slave relationship is different but there are a few other things I expect from you." He stood up and handed her a small, sleek tablet computer. "You will use this everyday to journal your thoughts and feelings. I have access to the file and will be checking it. This isn't something that will be used for punishment so feel free to write whatever you want. The journal is just a way to help you learn to open up to me more as your master. It's a communication tool."

She took the tablet and placed it on her lap. She was already beginning to feel overwhelmed. So much had happened in the past few days. She ran her finger along the glossy screen and thought about how she missed writing. It was something she had done her whole life.

She briefly thought about the new reporter job she had been so happy and proud to get. She wondered what was going on in Portsmith since she left and if anyone even noticed she was gone, then she realized she didn't care. She was happy to be at Saint Sebastian and hoped she didn't have to go back to her boring life. She would do whatever she had to to stay there.

"I believe you will enjoy your time here. I am not a harsh master but I am strict. When we are with others, I expect you to present yourself properly. What we do here in your room and in the dungeon is between you and I. It is a testament to the trust and respect we have for each other and no one else needs to know about our arrangement. I'm sure the past few days have been overwhelming thus far but I have tried to give you as much information as possible. Do you have any questions?"

"Yes...what is Pandora's Chest? You mentioned it before."

"I was hoping you'd ask," he said with a smirk. "Pandora's Chest will be your reward for submitting to me. At times it may even be your punishment...but I have a feeling you'll enjoy that too."

He held his hand out to her and helped her stand then took one of the bolsters and set it on the floor beside the bench.

"When I come to your room I expect to find you kneeling here. You will be nak*d. If you are wearing anything or not in position, you will be punished. Understand?"

Veronica nodded as she nervously bit her lip. She wasn't scared of Stavros, she was suddenly aware of how much responsibility she had. As she listened to his instructions she realized how upset she would be in herself if she disappointed him.

Stavros removed the cushion from the bench and clicked a hidden button which released the panel the cushion rested on. The bench was indeed a chest. Veronica stepped closer as she tried to peek inside but all she saw were several metal rods, leather straps, and chains which looked like shortened versions of what held her in the cell just days before. She couldn't help but feel curious but she remembered she shouldn't speak.

Stavros screwed two eyebolts across from each other on both ends of the chest. Next he removed two long metal bars that reminded her of ski poles, from the chest and placed them through the eyebolts at one end to a connector at the bottom where they locked into place. Then he connected two leather straps to small chains connected to the poles and two other straps to the chains dangling from eyebolts at the other end. Lastly, he placed the cushion back on top of the chest before turning to her.

"Undress."

She stood frozen for a moment. She suddenly felt self conscious of her body. It was something she dealt with her entire life but she knew she would have to fight through it to keep her end if the deal. She looked at Stavros who was waiting, his dark gaze glued to her which made her feel nak*d even though she was still fully dressed.

He stepped closer to her, cupped her face with one hand and softly brushed her lips with his thumb. The sudden throbbing from between her legs ripped her from her reverie and reminded her of how badly she wanted him. She opened her mouth slightly as his thumb traced the shape of her lips and her breath caught in her throat.

His fingers glided down her neck and along the soft fabric of the dress, following the material of the halter top to the knot behind her neck. A quick tug and the top came loose and slipped down around her waist, leaving her ample br**sts exposed. She quickly undid the small belt of her dress and the sapphire dress softly billowed as it dropped to her feet, leaving her in her small silver satin panties.

His touch, the way he looked at her, everything made her feel so sensuous and sexy, things she never felt before. His eyes never left here even though she was nearly nak*d before him. He spread his large hand, still at the back of her neck, and she felt his warmth radiate through her skin. He firmly pushed her a little closer to him and covered his mouth with his.

Her arms reached up and locked around his neck. She felt the muscles in his chest through his shirt as she pressed her body against his. His tongue darted into her mouth, teasing her, and she smiled at his playfulness.

Stepping back he broke away from her and a slight smile played on his lips. They were still standing close enough that she could feel his warm breath on her skin.

"You are by far the most beautiful woman I have ever known...and the tastiest."

He kissed her lips then gently bit the sensitive spot where her neck met her shoulder. She wondered how he knew all her weaknesses as she felt any reservations she might have had melt away.

His hands slid over her soft skin, down along her sides then over her br**sts, his fingers rubbed over her erect n**ples and she gasped at how good it felt. He lowered his head and sucked her n**ples, slowly moving his tongue around them at the same time. She ran her fingers through his silky dark hair and clutched it as her legs began to go weak.

He grinned as he looked at her, picked her up and set her down on Pandora's chest between the two metal poles, the length of the bench behind her.

"Don't forget you can use your safe word whenever you want to."

She nodded and was curious about what was going to happen next. She didn't think she'd be using her safe word but she appreciated that he mentioned it. His arms cradled her head and back and she relaxed into them as he laid her back onto the plush cushion. Then she saw his expression change and become stern. She knew now he was her master and not just her instructor.

He brushed the errant strands of her blonde hair away from her face then took both of her hands and lifted them up over her head. Taking the supple leather straps, he wrapped two around her wrists, and even though she couldn't see what he was doing, she felt him tighten a buckle around each strap, then heard the jingle of the chains the leather was attached to. Lastly she felt a cold, thin metal get placed around one of her wrists. She was curious what it was but knew she would see when he wanted her to and not before.

His hair fell forward and brushed her cheek as he kissed her lips. He slid his hands down the sides of her body and over her hips, grabbing the thin fabric of her panties and pulling them down and then tossing them aside. He then slid his hands up her legs and pushed them so her knees bent towards her chest before he spread her legs and released them so the two bars were in between them, keeping them apart.

He knelt down and she heard the metallic jingle of the chain attached to the pole. She waited, expecting to feel the same leather straps around her wrists, get placed around her ankles but nothing happened.

Looking over at him she saw his expression had changed again. He wasn't stern anymore. His eyes were filled with emotion. He looked vulnerable.

"Soul," he said.

She couldn't believe it. He used her safe word. She moved to sit up but the chains around her wrists kept her in place on her back.

"Did I do something wrong? I thought this was what you wanted."

"It was what I wanted. Was. I understand now what my father had spent years trying to teach me." He unhooked the poles between her legs and slid them out of the eyebolts so she could close her legs, then started unbuckling the straps around her wrists. "It was easy to do this when I didn't really know the women I was with. I never had feelings for any of them so I was able to be the Dom and do what I wanted, what I needed. It's different with you."

"Different with me? Then I must have done something wrong. I'll try harder this time. Just tell me what you want." As she sat up, Stavros grabbed a long fluffy robe from her closet and handed it to her.

"You. You're the only thing I want. You didn't do anything wrong, you've been nothing but perfect."

She didn't know what to think. She was confused and didn't know what to do. She looked down at her hands and suddenly noticed what the cold metal around her wrist was-a diamond bracelet. She begin trying to remove it.

"I can't accept this. It's too much. You've already done too much for me."

"No, it is yours. I've done nothing for you. You are my prisoner here. My sex slave. This should've been different. I made a mistake." He hung his head down as he spoke.

She got up and put her arms around him and he clung to her, wrapping his arms tightly around her and burying his face in her hair. He slipped his arms around her and pressed her tight against him as he kissed her.

Their lips hungrily moved together and she didn't even realize he had picked her up until she felt the coolness of the silk sheets on the bed against her body. Her fingers moved furiously as she unbuttoned his shirt and pushed the material open revealing his strong shoulders as his shirt came off.

He cupped her face as they continued kissing, his fingers in her hair, while she ran her hands down his tanned chest and to his pants. She moved her hand over the large bulge in the front of his pants and smiled. She had been dreaming about being with him again but she knew this time was different. She knew this was more than just lust.

Unbuttoning his pants, she pulled away from their kiss to catch her breath. Her breathing was fast and shallow. She slipped her hand into his pants and wrapped her hand around his stiff cock.

She began stroking it, sliding her hand up and down his shaft as he pushed his pants off. She felt the throbbing between her legs pulse faster and realized her heart was pounding in her chest just as quickly.

He kissed her again and she sucked on his bottom lip as she spread her legs. He moved his large hand along her thigh and followed the curve of her hip to her ass which he squeezed roughly before moving his arm underneath her leg. Sliding his shoulder against her smooth skin, he pushed her calf up onto his shoulder. He kissed her leg gently at first then bit and sucked on her tender thigh.

His mouth on her thigh sent a shock up her spine and she quietly gasped. He moved his h*ps forward and pressed the tip of his member against her wet entrance. She didn't think she could take it anymore. She needed to have him.

She slid her hands down his back and over his ass, grabbing it hard as she moved her free leg around his waist and pushed him inside her.

"Oh God!" She moaned as she threw her head back.

She never had much sexual experience before but she never knew it could feel like that. He held himself up with the arm that supported her leg on his shoulder and wrapped his other arm underneath her.

Each time he moved his hips, she felt a tingling pressure build more inside of her. She heard his breathing quicken like hers. She opened her eyes and met his dark gaze. He kissed her passionately again.

A thin sheen of sweat covered their bodies. He lifted her head as they kissed and thrusted deeper inside of her. She felt her body begin to tremble and clutched tightly onto him.

His h*ps moved faster, sliding his c*ck quicker in and out of her. She couldn't control herself. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own. Her trembling increased and her body met each of his movements. She felt an intensity within her unlike any she felt before.

He shifted and lifted himself up, moving his body away from her as he slowed down his movements a little. His hand that was under her slid over her br**sts roughly. Her breath caught as he pinched her erect n**ples. Her body still trembled and she arched her back as his hand slid down her stomach.

Suddenly she felt his thumb pressing her clit. He pressed it softly then began rubbing. It was too much for her. Her body began to writhe and as his fingers spread over her most sensitive area, she drew a deep breath and cried out.

Her h*ps moved wildly but he didn't stop. He rubbed her cl*t in slow circles as his c*ck continued to dive into her. There was a soft slap of skin against skin as she bucked. She didn't think her orgasm would end.

She moaned loudly as she felt the pleasure shoot up her spine. Her p**sy grabbed onto him tightly over and over until he groaned and thrusted deeply inside of her as he came.

He slowed his movements with his eyes never leaving her face. He finally let her leg drop and wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, his tongue exploring her mouth as she tried to catch her breath. He laid on the bed and pulled her close to him, her head on his chest and he kissed her forehead as they closed their eyes.

"I love you," he mumbled as they fell asleep.

***

Veronica awoke in her bed. She sat up confused and looked around at her things. She brushed her hand over her cotton sheets and then noticed she was wearing what she wore to her date.

"This can't be right." She rubbed her eyes. "That couldn't have been a dream. Could it?"

She shook her head which was foggy. She felt like she had drank way too much but that wasn't like her and she was sure she'd remember that. She was confused and didn't know what was going on.

She stumbled out of bed and heard her computer ding with new email. She didn't know why but she felt compelled to check it. She wondered if her email would have answers.

She sat at her desk and ran her fingers through her hair as the email opened. It was from Drew. Her breath caught. Maybe it wasn't a dream. She quickly read it:

Veronica,

I'm sorry. I had to return you to Portsmith. You have your life, your career, its not right for me to selfishly take you from that. I've been an adult for a long time, its about time I start acting like one.

I'll never forget you.

Stavros

Her heart sank. She knew it couldn't have been a dream but now her life felt like a nightmare. Everything came rushing back to her as the cloud lifted from her mind.

She hit reply. She had to tell him she would leave her life. She had to tell him she never felt more alive than when she was with him. She had to tell him she loved him too.

The email wouldn't send. The address, the one he used as Drew to get to know her was gone. She felt tears sting her eyes as she realized she had no idea how to reach him. The thought that she would never see him again filled her head and she sobbed softly into her hands.

She heard a knock on her apartment door and wondered who it could be. Probably the mailman or some nosy neighbor wondering if they could use her parking space. She wiped away her tears and took a deep breath as she opened the door.

"You left this," Stavros said as he held up the diamond bracelet.

She leapt into his arms. Her tears began again uncontrollably and he held her tight as she cried.

"I know what I said. I know you have your life here but just a day without you is a day too much." He looked into her face and wiped her tears away. "I will give you anything you want. I will do whatever it takes to make you happy. Just come with me. Be with me. Be my love."

"My life is with you. I only want you. I never got to say it before but I love you."

"Then it's settled," he said with his thick accent. "I'll arrange for your things to be sent to my island." He smiled at her and softly stroked her cheek as he lowered his voice. "You were always the one for me, my angel, my love, my soulmate."

