Chapter One

The club still thundered with the heavy beat of techno music. Things had been hopping all night, and Jessica was glad to have ushered the last customers out the door. The steady strum of the music usually didn't bother her much, but tonight was another story.

She sat at the desk in the tiny office in the back of Cortex. Leaning back in her high-back chair, she scanned the room, not really focusing on anything specific. A few pictures littered the walls, mostly from the renovation of the place and the first dollar made. None really caught her eye. She stopped on the couch. The dark brown leather couch felt like butter and called to her.

Jessica shook her head. The last thing she needed to do was crash out on the couch. It certainly wasn't going to help the growing problem in front of her. She looked back down to the spreadsheet she'd just printed out. Staring at the computer wasn't helping things, but she thought maybe printing it off and staring at it would.

She was startled when Alyssa popped into the room.

"Dale and I are all finished out front," Alyssa said, gesturing over her shoulder to the bar area. Jessica couldn't help but smile every time she saw the little blonde waitress. Her short, pale blonde hair curled in such a way that she resembled a cherub or fairy.

"Okay," Jessica said. "Have a good night."

Alyssa frowned slightly as she looked at Jessica. "Are you sure you don't want us to stay until you finish?"

Jessica shook her head. "Nope, this is going to take a bit more. You all get out of here while you can, and thanks again to both of you for covering so many hours. I just don't get why we can't seem to keep people." Jessica sighed. "Just make sure the door locks behind you."

Alyssa stepped out. A moment later, the music fell silent.

Jessica listened as their footsteps receded, and the clack of the door rang through the now empty main room.

She looked back down at the paperwork and sighed. Things weren't lining up right again. She had run the numbers for the last week, and they just didn't make sense. Even accounting for free booze and the occasional "nice tits" discount, the numbers still weren't adding up. The amount of alcohol they were selling versus what remained didn't match, and the money in the account didn't match what they had taken in. It wasn't off by a lot but enough there was reason to be concerned. What truly baffled her was how they were doing it. Aside from her, most people didn't have the opportunity.

She picked up the phone and hesitated. Making the call wasn't a question, but she still dreaded it. No one wanted to tell a mob boss someone was stealing from them. More importantly, she needed this job.

"Finn," he said on the second ring.

"Just checking in," she said.

"Still seeing discrepancies?" His voice was calm over the line, but she could sense the cold menace sweeping through. Finn was not a man to mess with, especially when it came to money.

"Yeah," she said. "I just can't figure it out. Maybe my math skills aren't as good as I thought, but regardless, things are off."

Finn sighed over the receiver. "No, it's not you. I've run over it as well. For now I'm going to start placing the funds in a different account, but keep this one open. Maybe I can get Reed to put one of his men on it. After all, he does owe me one."

Jessica's thoughts went to her very pregnant friend Olivia and her baby daddy Reed. After the lengths Finn went to for them, Reed did owe him a debt. However, she hoped they wouldn't need to call in that favor.

"Relax," Finn said, drawing her out of her thoughts. "I'm just going to see if they can trace it."

She sighed. Several months of working for him, and it seemed like he knew her better than she knew herself sometimes. Of course, he closely watched people. In her time with him, she had rarely seen him be wrong about a person.

Well except in this case.

"I'm just certain it will lead back to her," he said. "You know I don't trust Alyssa. She just smells like trouble."

"Except for the fact she's on time, does her job, is well liked and cute as a button." She leaned back in her chair to stare out into the front area.

"Cute as a button is often what gets men killed," he said dryly.

"I think she's great, and everything in me says this isn't her. I've said it before, and I'll say it again, you want to fire her, do it yourself."

"That's almost worse," he mumbled.

Jessica snickered. It had never really bothered her that Finn had some business that wasn't always on the up and up. She did her thing and he did his. As long as he wasn't crossing the line between illegal and immoral, she was fine, but she couldn't help but laugh at his reaction to Alyssa.

The man could run the ruthless business, but one little woman could bring him down. She rolled her eyes. Someone was in denial.

"Fine," he quipped. "But if this even hints at heading her direction, she's gone."

"If it's her, I'll be the first to toss her on her ass," she said.

"So let's see where this gets us and go from there."

Jessica whirled in her chair and looked at the metal shelves behind her.

"What about the liquor?" she asked.

He signed, and she could hear the tension in his voice. Finn might not be voicing it, but this was getting to him. The Russians were only a step away since the incident a few months back when he pulled a favor for Olivia and her brother. Things had been quiet thus far, but that couldn't last much longer.

Jessica couldn't have a father like hers and not pick some things up along the way. Something was brewing in the streets. There had been a rise in petty theft and things of that nature. Now it was just a question of if the local criminals were getting ready for war or stocking up until this blew over. She had a feeling it was the latter, and if that were the case, it didn't bode well for her boss.

"For the amount of time this has been going on, it has to be whoever is stealing the money," he said. "At this point, I don't think there's much we can do besides wait."

"What about surveillance?" she asked.

"Nothing has come up on the nightly watch-through," he said.

"What about the back room?"

The line went silent for a moment. "We don't record back there."

A chill slipped down her spine at the implications. She knew that when they were closed on Sundays, Finn would often come in with some of his crew. Jessica didn't ask questions, but she figured that anything that he didn't want recorded was likely something she didn't want to know about.

"Right," she said awkwardly.

"Just keep doing what you're doing," he said. "I'll handle the rest. Dale needs to be taught his part in the family business. If he can't instill enough fear for people not to steal from right under his nose, then I'm going to have to find another position for my cousin."

Jessica nodded. "Got it."

If he wanted to handle this, she should really just hand over things, but the idea was hard to accept. This felt like a slap in her face, doing all of this right under her nose. It just boiled her blood.

"Now get out of there and get some rest," Finn said.

She smiled. "Will do. You do the same."

"Oh well, you know me. No rest for the wicked," he said. She could hear the smile in his voice.

She grinned as she hung up. He really was devilish.

She popped off a text to her sister to pick her up and finished closing the club.

* * *

Kace shifted in his seat uncomfortably. It was getting harder and harder to sit in the unmarked squad car night after night. Why the Russians hadn't made a move was just baffling to him. He had never known them to be one to wait, but this war with Finn was bubbling up to something else, something bad. The only thing he could hope was that the f**kers didn't take the whole damn place with them.

He took a draw off his now chilled coffee.

What the hell was taking her so long? Normally, the last of the employees left, and fifteen minutes later, her sister would swing by to pick her up.

He swiped a hand down his stubbled face and yawned. After glancing at the clock, he groaned. Nearly a quarter to three. He'd be paying for this tomorrow.

It didn't help that he really wanted no part of this case. Finn might have helped Olivia and Reed, but that didn't clear all the other shit he had done. As far as Kace was concerned, Jessica Tamm wasn't any different. He father was certainly proof enough of that.

Ando Tamm had been in and out of prison over the years and was currently serving a stint for aggravated assault. Not that it really seemed to make much difference to Jessica and her sister. According to her file, they had lived with their grandmother until she passed away. Everything seemed to be going well until she took the job with Finn.

There was no way someone with her background took a job with someone like Finn without a willingness to bend the law, if not flat out break it.

Kace ground his teeth at the thought. It really shouldn't bother him as much as it did, but he couldn't stop himself.

He jumped when someone knocked on his passenger window and peered into the darkness. Smoky gray eyes stared in at him.

Jessica nearly giggled when he popped the lock, and she slid into the front seat. He had been just sitting out there watching for the past few weeks, and it was unnerving. Having his dark gaze on her as she was leaving always left her somewhat hot and incredibly pissed off.

She glanced over at him. He was in plain clothes, a t-shirt and jeans that looked comfortably worn and slightly wrinkled from his hours in the car. Part of her would feel bad for him if he didn't look at her like she was about to rob him blind. She supposed he was just lucky that the evenings were still cool. Sitting out here in the summer would be unbearable. Although the idea of him drenched in sweat wasn't such a bad idea. She clenched her legs together at the thought.

"So how long are you planning on keeping an eye on us?" she asked.

"Until the threat of the Russians is no longer is a worry for the community," he said, his tone matter of fact.

She laughed. "Well, I think you are in for a long wait then."

He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "That's what we're afraid of."

She turned to look at him, propping her leg up on the seat. The skirt she wore road up a little, and she smirked when his eyes were drawn to the exposed skin. They quietly stared at one another. She could feel the heat rise in the car as his intense gaze pierced through a few of her layers.

Kace cleared his throat. "So," he said. "What are you doing here?"

"Well you see," she said with a smirk, "I work here."

Kace sighed. "No, I mean here." He gestured to the car.

"I just thought you should know you aren't being very stealthy."

He shook his head. "It isn't always about that. Sometimes it's about creating a presence to prevent trouble."

Jessica shot him a hard look. "These are the Russians. There's no such thing as a preventing trouble. They want trouble, and it will come regardless of who is around." She frowned. "It doesn't hurt they already have a few police already in their pocket."

When she turned to look at him, his eyes were hot with rage.

"They aren't the only ones from what I hear," he said.

Jessica held up her hands. "I'm not involved in that side of things."

"Are you sure?" he asked. "You father seemed to know how to work things."

She froze. Anger surged through her at the mention of her father. Kace wasn't just watching the area. He had studied them and knew things that she didn't want known.

"If my father was any good, he wouldn't be in prison," she said coldly.

Headlights shot out from down the road, and she knew her sister was right down the road.

"Looks like my ride's here," she said without looking at him. If he wanted to be like many and discount her for her association with her father, then so be it. No reason she had to be around to let him.

She opened the door when the car came to a stop across the street.

"Wait," he said. "I didn't mean-"

"Whatever." She stepped out and paused at the still open door. "Next time, feel free to come in for coffee. It's stupid for you to just sit here in the car when we all know where you are."

Jessica slammed the door and stomped off to her sister's car.

"What's wrong?" Her sister looked over at her before looking back to the other car.

"Nothing," Jessica said. "Let's just get out of here, Vic."

Her younger sister nodded and headed down the road. Jessica looked at the younger version of herself sitting next to her. Untouched by the cold world around them, Victoria always reminded Jessica of the kind of life she wished she had. They shared the same raven black hair and smoky gray eyes, but Victoria always seemed more innocent.

Jessica sighed. "Sorry to keep making you come pick me up. I'll catch a ride from someone tomorrow."

"No big deal. I was up doing homework," Victoria said, her eyes steady on the road in front.

Jessica crossed her arms in front of her chest and stared at her sister.

"You needed to stay up to do homework, or you did homework while you stayed up?"

Victoria smiled. "Both."

"Well not tomorrow," Jessica said firmly. She stretched in front and groaned as her aching muscles pulled.

"Anything going on?" Victoria's mouth tightened. Worry spread across her face.

Jessica debated telling her everything that was going on, but there was no need to burden her sister with the details.

"Just some number crunching that's driving me crazy. Nothing to worry about."

Jessica watched Victoria from the corner of her eye, and let out a silent sigh when she let it go. Her sister, despite her innocence, had shrewd sense when it came to reading people. She was nearly never wrong and didn't have trouble speaking her mind. It was something Jessica worried over. In their neck of the woods, saying the wrong thing to the wrong guy could spell real trouble.

"Did you see Mrs. Masing today?"

The older woman in the townhome next to them had been on her mind quite a bit lately. Since their grandmother had passed on, she had pretty much been the only family they bothered to talk to, and technically, she wasn't even family. But that didn't matter to them. She was the nice lady who kept an eye on things and made sure they were safe, which was more than a lot of other people did.

"She was out watering her plants earlier. Said she's having some trouble with her bathroom sink again." They exchanged a grin.

Projects were code for being lonely and wanting company.

"I'll get over to see her Sunday." Jessica smiled.

Not that it was a hardship seeing her. Usually, she had dinner made by the time Jessica showed, and they would chat for a bit. She'd go tinker with whatever needing fixing, and they'd call it a day. It was sweet and, as Victoria would say, good for the soul. Sometimes you needed someone to care for no reason.

The pulled in, parking in front of the worn-down row houses. The aged brick on each attached home, slightly worn to small degree, told of the struggles their neighborhood had faced. It also showed the care they put into them. The residents might not have much, but what they did have, they took care of.

She smiled up at the building. It wasn't ideal for them, but it was mostly home.

There were still times she wished she could provide more for her sister, but with the cost of college, it was hard to even think of moving. Besides, the neighborhood was safe, and she loved the people around them. When their mother had run off and their father ended up in prison, the people around them became the extended family they needed.

Jessica climbed out and went to the other side to wrap an arm around her sister's shoulders.

"Let's go see if we can find some ice-cream in the freezer before bed." She grinned.

Victoria laughed. "All right, but this time no eating all the fudge out of it."

Jessica laughed and followed her sister inside.

Chapter Two

Kace cursed as he drove to Jessica's house. He really didn't intend for things to go as they had in the car. There was just something about her that set him on edge and made him want to respond to her outbursts.

It seemed so strange to him that he would have this reaction when, in most cases, he was normally calm. He stopped across the street from her place and turned the headlights off as the two women went in and began flipping on lights. Kace tensed a little when he easily saw the flickering light from the television through the windows.

His muscles twitched at how careless they were being with their own personal safety. It would be so easy for someone to slip right in and commit all sorts of crimes. He just hoped they had at least thought to lock the door. Maybe even a bar, just in case, but that might be hoping a little too much.

Years working cases had taught him that the best crimes for criminals were crimes of opportunity. If you made it easy for a criminal, they would likely take the easy way. They were lazy in a sense. It was the number one thing he had learned in his years on the force.

His phone rang, forcing him to look away. The screen read "Lt. Jackson."

"Allen here," he said into the receiver.

"Anything happening?" Lt. Jackson said over the phone.

They had all been waiting. They needed to be ready for whatever might happen.

"Nothing so far," he said. "I think something is going on with the manager, but I'm not really sure. She is there later every day."

"Any signs of Finn?" his boss asked.

"Only a few times during the day."

"You think she's in on all this?" The lieutenant's rough voice cut across the line.

He stared up at the window again. The TV was now off, and two rooms had their lights on. Kace could see Jessica's slender form looking up at the night sky from her room, her black hair framing her pretty face. His mouth went dry when he noticed the pink panties peaking over the top of the windowsill.

Kace wet his lips before continuing.

"I don't think so, but there's something going on, and she seems to have an idea," he said and pulled his eyes from the window. Last thing he needed was to be hard while talking to his boss.

"Well keep me posted," Lt. Jackson said. "We need to be on top of this when the shit hits the fan. Last thing I want is a war hitting the streets between the Russian and Irish mafias."

"That won't be happening, sir," Kace said firmly.

"You just see it doesn't."

The click of the receiver echoed in his ear. He glanced back at the window to find the lights were all out now. Stretching, he moved around trying to work out the kinks all over his aching body. The muscles in his arms pulled at the fabric on his sleeves.

Despite the very long night, he thought it might be good to get in a little workout just to stretch. Already excited for the burn that was to come, he moved into gear and rolled down the road. Sometimes the best way for him to clear his head was a good run and some weightlifting. Maybe after that he'd be able to figure out what to do with Jessica Tamm.

He groaned at the thought. Talking about her father had been a mistake, but it came out before he could even stop himself. It was obvious she was from a troubled family, but that hadn't really seemed to play a role in her upbringing.

Kace just couldn't help himself. It pissed him off every time he thought about how she worked for a slime ball like Finn. She had to know what trouble he was. He'd declared all-out war on the Russians and left Jessica to run it. It wasn't just dangerous. It was suicidal, and it wasn't his life on the line.

Kace gripped the steering wheel so hard the plastic creaked under his hands.

There had to be some way to convince her to leave. If conventional ways didn't work, he could always use her sister. The Russians were ruthless. Taking out a person's family was child's play to them.

He nodded to himself and smiled. It was the best chance he had.

The unmarked car stopped outside the newly painted Victorian home. He looked up to the intricate woodwork and smiled. Nearly two weeks hunched on the ladder, but it looked great. The various shades of blue and white stood out nicely on the street. He had stuck with more traditional colors that didn't seem so girly.

Somewhat farther back from the road, he had the benefit of being on the end of the cul-de-sac and the privacy that entailed. It also meant that he didn't get every busybody in the area poking into his business. Kace liked his privacy. He didn't want to be set up with every grandniece or daughter from the area. So what if it had been a while since he had a date. Things had been busy at work, and right now he needed to worry about where he was going with his job. Otherwise he wouldn't have taken the assignment he was on now.

He didn't mind helping out his brother Reed on occasion, but Finn was a totally different story. Didn't matter though. Lt. Jackson insisted he be the one to take the lead on this. It was a good opportunity, and if it helped with his next promotion, he would do it.

He opened the front door and charged into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water. Kace leaned against the granite counter top as he took a drink.

It was good knowing he had built most of the place with his own two hands. It made him feel like he had created something.

He set the bottle down and grabbed some running clothes from the closet. After a quick change, he was ready to burn off some energy. If he was going to get any sleep, he'd have to turn the normal eight-mile run into four. Just enough to take the edge off and still wear him out a bit.

Kace shook his head, clearing thoughts about other ways he could burn energy. Right now, he needed to stay focused and that did not include letting Jessica into his world.

* * *

Jessica woke up feeling far less rested than she should. Thoughts of her father floated in her head all night, and she swore that if she saw that smug cop again, she'd punch him in the nose. She had spent that last fifteen years living in the shadow of her father's guilt, and she was done. He had committed those crimes, not her and certainly not Victoria.

She flipped the covers off her and groaned at the bright sun.

After glancing at the clock, she groaned again. Nearly eleven. If she was going to see Mrs. Masing today, she really needed to get around. Besides, a home-cooked meal sounded like heaven.

She grabbed a few clothes from the closet and padded down the hall to the bathroom. The air misted when she turned the shower on, and she jumped in. The building was so old that she felt lucky to get hot water most days. Typically, it was tepid to lukewarm, so on the rare hot-water day, you had to grab it as fast as you could.

She scrubbed under the warm spray, letting her muscles relax after such a tough night. This whole embezzlement thing was eating her up. She was glad Finn seemed to believe that it wasn't her, but still the responsibility of the whole thing fell on her, and she hated there wasn't much she could really do.

"Shit," she shouted when the water turned ice cold.

Yet another wonderful feature of the hot-water system. Just further proof that nothing came without a price.

Jessica snapped off the water and toweled off. She slipped on a off-shoulder gray sweater dress and pair of pumps. After lunch with Mrs. Masing, she'd need to get to work. Several big shipments were scheduled, and as the manager, it was her duty. She sent a text to Victoria about what time to come pick her up and sighed. They were really going to have to figure out something else.

The whole ride thing had been building for some time, and she really didn't know what to do. With the cost of school, there was no way she'd be able to afford a second car. They had fought several times over Victoria just taking the car, but she refused if that meant Jessica would have to ride the bus. There they were, spending tons on gas and shuttling each other around with only the one car between the two of them.

Maybe after this whole mess with the thief was cleared, she would talk with Finn about a raise. She was certainly worth the money and could only hope he felt the same way.

Jessica gathered her keys. As long as her hunch about Alyssa was right, she would be fine. If not, well, she might find herself needing more than a new car. She pushed those thoughts out of the way.

She hurried out the door and clicked the lock behind her.

The metal railing jiggled as she trotted down the steps, just another piece of the building coming down. Next door, the rail was more secure. She'd made sure to tighten the bolts before winter and was glad they were still holding. Mrs. Masing wasn't as steady as she used to be, and one good fall could really take her out. Without any family around, it was hard for her to get the things done that she needed.

There was a great niece that would come out once in a while, but from what Jessica understood, she had married an unsavory man a few years back and getting away was very difficult for her. Her distance was hard for Mrs. Masing, and she worried about Amy often.

As Jessica reached the top step, the door opened. Mrs. Masing stood just inside.

"Your sister said you would come today," the elderly woman said with a big smile.

Jessica smiled back.

"You know I can't stay away long from your cooking," Jessica said and took off her shoes.

Rule number one, no shoes in the house.

Same as it had been since they moved in with their grandmother next door, Mrs. Masing had kept her furniture in perfect condition since the 70s. Not really the best decade for taste, but it always felt like home when Jessica came over. Avocado green furniture and macrame plant hangings littered the room. The brown and green made her almost glad to see the burnt orange table and chairs peeking out of the kitchen.

She glanced sideways at the woman as they made their way through the living room to the kitchen. Mrs. Masing seemed to be shrinking as the years went on, but that seemed to be common with age. Recently, she had lost a little weight, and it concerned Jessica. The pension from Mr. Masing was likely getting hard to live off of, especially with inflation.

Jessica made a mental note to talk to Victoria about how they could help. Mrs. Masing was a proud woman, so just offering money wouldn't work. Her sister was really the one who would have the best luck. Her sweet nature made it hard for others to turn her down.

"So," she said, smiling widely at the older woman, "what's for lunch?"

"You always were one to get to eating first." Mrs. Masing laughed.

Jessica shrugged. "That's what happens when you can't cook."

The older woman waved her hand. "You just need to come over and eat more."

Jessica patted her on the shoulder and sat down. The tiny little kitchen always seemed much smaller when she was standing in it. Being a two bedroom, they had the benefit of a slightly larger kitchen.

"I really want to. Things have just been..." She furrowed her brow. "Hectic at work."

She was pierced with a knowing look. "You come home later and later. This have anything to do with that no-good boss of yours?"

Jessica dipped her spoon into the creamy sausage broth and filled her mouth with vegetables. The spicy rich flavors hit her tongue, and she sighed. When she looked up, Mrs. Masing was waiting. She groaned.

"It's not him," Jessica said, setting her spoon down. "Someone is stealing and not just a little. Whoever is doing this has connections."

"What? He doesn't think you did this right?" The little woman puffed up, ready to charge in and take down the head of the Irish mob.

"No, he's actually been very good about all this," she said. "I just hate to think someone I know would do something like this."

"Do you know it's someone working there?"

Jessica thought for a moment. It seemed like it would be, but it could really be anyone, especially with the recent trouble with the Russians.

"No," she said, not bothering to elaborate about the Russian trouble.

"Well then, innocent until proven guilty." Mrs. Masing smiled at her, and Jessica couldn't help but return the smile. "Well, eat up. You're going to need your strength for the task I have for you."

Jessica laughed as she dug into her soup. No doubt she would need her strength.

* * *

"Damn pipe," Jessica said. She huffed as she pulled with her little wrench.

Nothing.

She stood and dusted off her hands when the sound of a horn tooted from outside. After grabbing her little tool kit, Jessica slid it back under the sink, careful not to knock the pan catching the water from the pipe.

When Mrs. Masing said her pipe was leaking, she hadn't been kidding. The damn thing was on so tight that Jessica would need something more than she had.

She went into the living room and grabbed her purse.

"I can't get it with the tools I have," she said to Mrs. Masing, who was waving to Victoria from the door. "I'll have to pick up a bigger wrench and come back."

The little woman wrapped her in a big hug. "Good. You need to come eat more tomorrow."

Jessica laughed. "Luckily it's Sunday, and we're closed. I'll come by as soon as I wake up."

She hugged back and walked to the door.

At the bottom of the stairs, she stopped to wave when she got to the car. Mrs. Masing returned the wave.

"Did you get it fixed?" Victoria asked.

Jessica shook her head. "I need a bigger wrench. Think I'm going to have to call in a favor."

She pulled out her phone and punched in Finn's number.

"You think your cousin would be willing to loan you some pipe tools?"

Jessica grinned when he groaned into the phone.

"What do you need?" he grumbled.

Chapter Three

It was shaping up to be another long night at the club with her running the front as well as taking out drinks and even working behind the bar. It was only an hour until she could close shop, but it still felt like ages away. Jessica scanned the floor, looking for signs of Finn. She wasn't concerned he'd show, but it would be good if it was sooner. She wanted to leave before two-thirty for a change.

Jessica peeked out the window at the unmarked car across the street. Her heart sped up just looking at Kace, and she cursed her traitorous hormones. He might be unbelievably hot, but his attitude wasn't so hot.

Her eyes met with his, and she shivered a little at the intensity of his stare. Well, maybe he could win her over if he kept looking at her like that. She looked away and tried to control her thumping heart.

"Um, Jessica?" Alyssa's sweet voice cam from behind her.

She turned to look at her.

"We're running low on rum and vodka," she said quietly.

Jessica patted her on the arm when she passed and felt her temper flare when the woman jumped at her sudden touch. She had been meaning to say something to her, but she hated to open any wounds if Alyssa was still healing. Ignoring the urge to wrap her in a hug, she nodded to the back room.

"I'll go get some," Jessica said. "Watch the front."

Alyssa nodded and went back to where the last few customers were mingling.

Jessica moved to the back near the office and bar. She glanced back to see Alyssa was already hard at work on closing duties and smiled. There was no way that woman was up to anything other than getting over an abusive relationship.

She made her way to the storage room next to the office. When she flipped the switch and nothing happened, she frowned. Of all the times for the light to have blown. She pulled out her phone, but the light was barely enough to see a foot in front of her.

When she walked a bit farther in, she checked the rack to the right for a new light bulb. She froze when a scraping sound came from farther into the room.

"Hello?" she said nervously.

The sound stopped, and her palms started to sweat. Something or someone was in here with her.

Jessica spun around and moved farther into the room, casting bluish light across the room with her phone. She shook when her light cast a shadow near the very back. A person was stooped near the back corner.

"You need to leave, or I'm yelling for Dale and calling the cops," she said. "One's right outside."

Pain lanced through her as something struck the back of her head. She saw a bright flash of light, and then darkness overcame her.

* * *

Jessica groaned as her eyes blinked open. Her stomach rolled, and she shut her eyes again.

"Just stay here," a soft, deep voice said. "I got you."

She could feel his strong warm arms around her and felt the unease pass. When she opened her eyes again, she was staring up into Kace's concerned face.

"What happened?" she rasped out.

His arms tensed around her. "Someone clocked you on the back of the head."

She lifted a hand to gingerly feel around. Kace let the icepack move away slightly as she felt the large knot. She winced when the ice was put back on.

"I know it hurts," he whispered. "This is really the best thing for you right now."

He looked over to her other side, and she shifted to see a very worried Alyssa.

"Can you find some aspirin for her?" Kace asked.

Alyssa nodded and hurried out.

"Did you catch him?" Jessica asked. She looked back to him.

He shook his head. "By the time I got to you, he was already gone."

Jessica frowned. "How did you know to look?"

"I didn't," he said. "Alyssa came running out. Ash white and crying." He swallowed, and the muscles in his neck moved. "When I came in, you were lifeless on the floor. Dale cleared out the customers, and Alyssa played nurse while I kept you still with ice."

"Thank you," she whispered. When she looked up to him, his brown eyes stared deeply into her own.

She closed her eyes to escape his dangerous stare. When she opened them again, he was looking toward the door, his body tense.

"Who called you?" He glared at the returning Alyssa who ignored him and handed Jessica the aspirin.

"Well seeing as it's my place, seems like someone should have called," Finn said, walking through the door. His cool voice sent a chill over her.

Jessica watched as Alyssa froze where she was at and looked up to Finn. Her hand shot over to Alyssa's, and she gave a squeeze.

Kace looked down at her when she placed a hand on his well-formed chest.

"Can you help me to the couch?" she asked.

He lifted her with ease and moved her to the couch. She was surprised that he decided to sit with her. He placed her head on the couch with the bag of ice behind it. He sat down and moved her head onto his lap. She could only assume for elevation, but regardless, it felt good.

Jessica glanced up to see Finn staring at her. She closed her eyes and decided he could just wait until she was ready for him. She liked being where she was and with the way the room kept spinning, she figured it was okay to take her time.

Quiet wrapped the room for a bit while she relaxed. When she opened her eyes again, Kace was staring down at her.

"Think you can tell us what happened?" he asked gently.

She swallowed, her mouth dry from the waves of nausea she was feeling. Jessica turned to Alyssa, who was standing shyly to the side.

"Think you could get some water?"

The little waitress nodded and scurried out of the room.

"I was going to get some rum and vodka. The light was out, but I didn't think anything of it since we were still open," she said. Behind her head she could feel the muscles on Kace's legs flex. "I was using my phone to find a light bulb when I heard a noise."

"Why didn't you call for help?" Kace asked.

She could see the anger brewing from Kace and looked away.

"I thought it might be a mouse or something. By the time I knew, I was already hit," she said quietly.

"Did you see anyone?" Finn asked, his eyes also dark with rage.

"No. Just that it was a man, but there must have been two because I was looking at the one in the back of the room when I got hit," she said.

Jessica watched as Kace and Finn exchanged looks.

"Your cop buddies and paramedics are here," Dale said from the door to the office.

"Where were you when all this was going on?" Kace glared at Dale. The veins in his thick neck bulged as he stared at him.

"I was smoking out back," he said.

"Maybe you should take a few less smoke breaks."

Dale shrugged and headed back out.

She watched as Kace looked down at her. "I've got to make a phone call, and you need to get your head checked out."

She frowned at his pushy ways. Being told what to do was never something she liked much.

"I'm fine," she said and sat up. Her stomach lurched forward, and she broke out into a cold sweat.

"That doesn't look like fine to me," he said at her ear.

She breathed in slowly, trying to keep the contents of her stomach down.

His warm hands pulled on her shoulders as he leaned her against the back of the couch so the ice rested on under her head. He tossed his jacket over her.

"Just let them check you out," he said. When she started to protest he cut in. "I'd just like to know that you're going to be all right," he said quietly.

Jessica nodded slowly and winced at the pain. Kace stared at her for a few moments and then left without another word.

"You know it's her," Finn said when Kace was out of the room.

She moved slightly, so she could look at him as she talked. "I don't know it's her."

Finn paced the room furiously. "It makes sense."

"Actually," she said. "I was thinking that nothing is really making sense right now."

"Whatever," he said and stopped pacing. "But if it turns out to be her..."

He stopped as Alyssa came in the room and gave her a dark look. The women glanced nervously at him as she handed Jessica a glass of water.

"I think the paramedics would like to look at you now," Alyssa said quietly.

Jessica took a drink and sighed. "It's fine. Let's get this over with."

* * *

"What the hell is going on over there, Allen?" Lt. Jackson shouted into the phone.

Kace paced as he talked, scanning the dark street as he walked the path.

"I'm not sure, sir. I was outside when Jessica was attacked, but it seems like a case of wrong place, wrong time." He watched a car drive slowly by.

"Jessica?" his boss said. "Is this getting too personal for you?"

"No," Kace said quickly.

"Think it's an inside job?" Lt. Jackson asked.

Kace walked around the side of the building where the storage room was located. Maybe the person had left being the curtain. "Could be. The waitress seems a little cagey. Every time I'm near her, she goes out of her way to be elsewhere."

"Check into her," Lt. Jackson said. "For now stick with the manager. If they hit her once, they are likely to do it again. If we can be there, that would be best. I want to stop this before Finn and his men take it to the next level."

"Understood," Kace replied and hit off.

The window was slightly ajar. It was clear someone had been in a hurry when they left. Broken bottles littered the area. The harsh smell of liquor still filled the air, and it was clear what they had been after. Seemed like such a petty thing for the Russians to go after, but then again, liquor smuggling had a pretty large profit potential. He might have even suspected Finn of stealing his own liquor if he wasn't spending so much time trying to shut him out.

Puzzled with his findings, he walked back to the front and strolled in. Officers nodded to him as he made his way to the office. Several of the staff at the club were giving witness statements, but from the little he had garnered, no one seemed to know what had happened.

He was glad to find Jessica sitting while two paramedics looked her over. Someone had wiped the blood off of her face. He had been shocked at how much she bled and wondered if she might suffer, but the color seemed to be coming back to her face. He was glad to see her sitting up without swaying.

He turned to mention the bottles to Finn but was surprised to find his brother Reed there.

"What are you doing here?" he said to Reed. His brother was an imposing force, and even if he wasn't keen on getting him involved, it was a relief to have someone on his side.

"I hired him." Finn stared pointedly at the paramedics. "A security firm seems like a good idea. Not like we can always rely on the cops."

Kace frowned. Maybe if Finn could stay on the side of good, he wouldn't feel that way.

The paramedics finished wrapping Jessica's head. The thick, white cloth wrapped around her head was a reminder that he had failed her. One of the paramedics looked around the room and paled. Kace could see why they might be intimidated. Each of them was scary in their own right. The paramedics glanced between the various large men and hurried out of the room.

Kace turned and saw Jessica struggle to stand up. He frowned and lowered her back down. When he sat with her on the couch, she stilled.

"I'm here because they are having a problem," Reed said. He leaned against the desk and watched out the door. "Money and liquor have been disappearing. They hired me to find out where it's going."

"I think tonight must have been about the liquor," Kace said. All eyes turned to him. "Out in the alley by the window, there are freshly broken bottles. It must be how they are getting them out of here."

Reed nodded. "I'll send some men around to check on that. Maybe just securing the window will help on that front."

"Or at least prevent any more unwanted guests." Kace turned to look at Jessica. She was watching them quietly. It was the least he had ever heard her speak.

"Of course," Finn continued. "All that changed tonight. They will be watching the place from now on. I can't have my employees being hurt."

Kace looked to his brother. He knew this was what he did, but it didn't mean he liked it. There were plenty of things that Reed and his crew did that more than crossed the lines of the law.

"Olivia okay with this?" Kace asked.

Reed chuckled. "It will mostly be Liam and Ryder on this one. She's not so keen on me being out in the field after the last assignment."

"You didn't tell her about all this did you?" Kace watched as Jessica worried her bottom lip. His eyes fixed on her mouth.

"She just knows there was trouble, and you're fine," Reed said. "Try not to go into detail. Her hormones..." He looked around for help.

Jessica laughed. "I know. She's a prego crazy lady."

Reed grinned at her sheepishly.

Kace knew things had been a little tough, but the problem was less about Olivia being bitchy. That they could all handle. No, she worried over the slightest of things. Last week, his brother Ryder got a small nick from the razor. She nearly had them heading to the hospital. Not that anyone blamed her. After the run in with Neil and the Russians, Olivia had her fill of the bad situations.

"So what's the plan?" Kace spoke finally.

"I'm going to continue with the tracing," Reed said. "This trail for the accounts has been more difficult than we anticipated, and so far, they have us going in circles. One of the men will be on duty in the club. When they close, they will take Jessica home."

"I'll take her home," Kace said.

The room got quiet. He bit back a remark when Finn raised an eyebrow and grinned at him.

"You really don't have to do that," Jessica said quietly next to him.

He couldn't explain it, but her comment really pissed him. Like hell he was letting Liam or Ryder anywhere near her. He stared into her eyes and wondered what it was that he was hoping to get from this. It would clearly be a very bad idea to get involved, but he couldn't help the heat that rose in him.

"I'm taking you home," he said slowly.

Her pupils dilated. Something in him flared. She was so close, he could almost smell the soap on her skin. She shivered and wrapped herself deeper into the coat. He liked that it was his smell she was snuggling into.

Reed cleared his throat, and Kace looked at him. "So, you are on car duty. What are your orders?"

Kace hesitated. Lt. Jackson never really said anything about what he could or couldn't tell. He sighed.

"Watch the place and report if there is any activity," he said.

"And if there is?" Finn cocked an eyebrow.

Kace folded his arms over his chest. He wasn't going to be intimidated by him.

"If there is, I call it in and try to contain things," he said. "We don't care about your war, but we can't have this thing going to the streets. There are a lot of innocent people who could get hurt."

Finn nodded. "I think we both have the same mission in mind." A sinister smile slipped on his face. "However, our execution might be slightly different."

Kace knew what he meant. Despite being bound by the law to try and bring in Viktor, the local head of the Russian mob, he wouldn't exactly weep if the scumbag turned up dead. He held Finn's gaze for a moment and then nodded.

"I think I should get you home," Kace said and turned to Jessica.

Her eyes were drooping closed. He worried that she might need to go to the hospital.

"Is she cleared to go?" Kace asked.

Finn glared at her. "No," he said firmly. Her impatient sigh was all the confirmation he needed. "She needs to have a CAT scan and be watched for a concussion."

"I told you," she said, shifting to stand. She made her way up and stood without wobbling. "I'm fine. I just need some damn sleep, and I'm off tomorrow."

His eyes widened. It was the first time he's heard her talk that way to Finn. Kace looked back to the man.

Finn pinched the bridge of his nose. "Fine, but if you aren't better tomorrow, off to the hospital with you. I'm not going to have you dropping dead on my watch."

Kace would have laughed at the situation if he didn't agree completely with Finn, which only managed to really piss him off.

"And don't forget the wrench," Finn said. He reached over to a chair, picked up a heavy wrench and then pushed the heavy tool into Kace's hands.

Jessica walked over to Finn and patted him on the chest. Kace frowned.

"Thank you," she whispered and walked out of the room.

Kace nodded to the man and followed her.

Chapter Four

Jessica slowly inched into the car. Despite what she had said, her head felt like hell. If her sister weren't at home waiting, she would have gone to the hospital, but it would have worried Victoria, and she really didn't need that. Besides, there was no way Jessica was going to waste a perfectly good day off in the hospital.

Kace climbed into the car next to her. She wrapped his coat a little tighter around her. For some reason, since being in his arms, she couldn't forget the feeling of being held by him. Her nose dipped down to the collar of the jacket. His woodsy smell surrounded her and made her n**ples tighten with need.

She laughed a little. Maybe she had been hit a little harder than she thought. The two of them were like oil and water.

"I'm sorry," he said after letting the car warm up a little.

She turned and gave him a puzzled look.

"About your dad," he said quietly. "It wasn't fair, and I was just flustered."

Jessica froze. Her father had always been a sore topic for her, but she was surprised Kace would apologize.

"Just remember," she said, staring out the window. "I'm not him."

"That's obvious," Kace said.

She smiled. It was obvious. She had gone out of her way to separate herself from her father.

"Thanks," she said. She smiled at Kace and snuggled down deeper into the seat as he drove out.

She continued to smile and look out the window as they moved through the still night. It had been one bad day, no doubt, but she was glad to have made progress with Kace.

As she watched streets go by, she frowned. It was pretty amazing how he knew to get to her house without so much as even a slight suggestion.

"Have you been spying on me?" She turned and watched his previous good humor vanish.

His hands gripped the steering wheel a little tighter. "It's my job."

Jessica choked on his words as they lanced through her. His job. That's all this was to him. She had to keep reminding herself, or this would be trouble.

They pulled up outside the house, and she jumped out.

"Don't worry about tomorrow," she said. "There are others who can take me home that won't automatically assume I'm a criminal. Thanks for the ride." She tossed his jacket in his face and slammed the door. Jessica stomped up the stairs and ignored his calls to her to stop.

After she shut the door to the house, she sighed. Maybe she could put this shitty day behind her.

"Where the hell have you been?" Victoria said. She stood, looking angry, in the entry of the living room. Her face fell when she spotted the bandage. "What happened to you?"

Jessica stopped and stared at her sister. It wasn't often that she cursed, but when she did, all hell liked to break loose. Better to head this off with the truth.

"We had trouble at work," she said and headed to the kitchen.

"What kind of trouble?" Victoria said as she followed. Her voiced was thick with worry.

"Someone broke in and whacked me on the head when I wasn't looking."

Victoria gasped. "They didn't..." Her eyes widened. "They didn't do anything to you, right?"

Jessica rummaged through the fridge, pulled out a beer and sat at the table. Victoria took a seat across from her.

"They just wanted to get away." Jessica took a long drink off her beer.

"And did they get away?"

Jessica nodded.

"But I don't want you to worry," she said. "Finn has hired a team to watch the place, and that was a policeman who dropped me off." Jessica took another long drink. "I'm telling you this so you can be aware. I wasn't paying attention. That's why this happened."

"It's not safe there," Victoria said quietly. "Mrs. Masing talks about how she doesn't think you should be working there. That the man who owns the place is a thug."

Jessica sighed and took another drink. She knew Mrs. Masing wasn't Finn's fan, but she had hoped to avoid making Victoria worry.

"It would be hard for me to find another job that pays this well," she said and took another drink. "Besides, there's a cop that will be hanging out around the club from now on."

She reached across and patted her sister's hand. "I promise I won't take any unnecessary risks. I'll be fine."

Victoria nodded her head, while Jessica finished her beer.

"I'm tired," Jessica said and put the bottle in the trash. "I'll see you in the morning."

Jessica slowly climbed the stairs and realized just how tired she was. It had been a long day, and she was done. Both emotionally and physically.

She stripped down and climbed into bed. She'd like nothing more than to have this day disappear.

Angry tears leaked from her eyes. She wiped them. Everything was going to be okay. She had only been hurt a little, and now guards were going to be around, not to mention a very pissed-off cop. She smiled at the thought of Kace.

There was something very comforting in thinking about him. She sighed and snuggled down. If only he weren't such an asshat half the time.

Jessica drifted off to sleep thinking about Kace.

* * *

"Damn it. This is so stupid," Kace mumbled.

He had been pacing outside her apartment for the last ten minutes and just couldn't bring himself to ring the bell. All the previous night, he had trouble sleeping as he thought about Jessica and how pissed she had been. He just didn't know what he was supposed to do. It was his job to check all angles. It couldn't be helped that she was an angle in this case.

So maybe he could have been a little more discreet in the whole thing. His last three girlfriends had said pretty much the same things, but this was his life. He worked in a job that required certain things out of him, and those things didn't just shut off because he was home.

"Are you a plumber?" The little lady next door to Jessica had poked her head out and was staring him down.

Kace lowered the wrench Jessica had left in his car last night.

"No, I'm a cop," he said.

Her eyes lit up, and she smiled. "Even better. Well, you better come in." She opened the door wider.

Strange as it was, he found himself going into the older woman's house.

"Jessica will be along shortly, dear." She closed the door and smiled. "Why don't you and I get to know each other in the meantime?"

The older woman led him to the couch. If he had been thinking, he might have laughed at the decor. It was like a time capsule for the 70s.

"I'm Mrs. Masing," she said politely and raised an eyebrow for his name.

"Kace Allen, ma'am," he said.

"And did Jessica send you to fix my sink?" she asked.

He blinked. This must have been why Jessica needed the wrench. After last night, he doubted she would be in any shape to do any kind of work like that. Despite her protests, she had been hit pretty hard, and he was sure she should have been looked at further. If this was one of the many tasks she had planned today, it would just be better if he did it.

"She didn't, but I'd be more than happy to help with your sink," he said.

Mrs. Masing's eyes lit up. "I knew it! That girl never asks for help when she needs it. I'm afraid one of these days she's going to crash from exhaustion. Always working herself to the bone to put her sister through school."

Kace cursed himself. He hadn't thought to collect data from her neighbors, but then, he thought he had enough data on her. Maybe if he had dug a little deeper, it would have filled in the gaps in what he knew about her character.

"It's why she took that job at the bar," she said. "Money was just too good. She says that boss of her is fine, but we all know what sort of business he's really in. I don't trust him."

Kace grinned. "Me either."

Mrs. Masing stared at him for a bit and then nodded. "Yup, you'll do nicely."

Before he could ask what he'd do nicely for, she was up and urging him toward the bathroom. He walked into the tiny room. She had opened the cabinet. He immediately spotted the problem, the pipe underneath needed to be tightened, so it would quit leaking.

Kace stooped down. He could see Jessica's little toolbox and understood why she was getting help from Finn. Her tools just weren't enough for a case like this. He attached the wrench and twisted up. The steady drip ceased. Mrs. Masing clapped.

"Great," she said. "Now let's move on to the next project."

* * *

"Mrs. Masing," Jessica called from the front door.

"In the kitchen, dear," she called back.

Jessica took off her sneakers and padded through the living room. Since it was her day off, she opted for jeans and a tank. It might be a little cool for the tank, but for the work she had planned, she needed something light.

"I'm sorry I didn't get the wrench," she said. "I'll pick it up tomorrow."

Jessica stopped short at the door. Kace lay sprawled out under the sink. Her heart sped up as she watched his muscles bulge and twist under his t-shirt. A strip near the top of his pants had ridden up, showing a dusting of hair and his hard chiseled stomach. Her n**ples peaked under the thin fabric of her shirt.

Kace pushed out from under the sink and froze. They stared at each other for a few moments.

"You left the wrench in my car," he said.

"I realized that." Jessica walked over to the table and sat down.

"I brought it over, but then got roped into doing some chores." He grinned at her.

Jessica felt her breathing quicken. He was being playful, and she wasn't quite sure how she should respond. This wasn't a side of him that she'd dealt with, and it surprised her he would even have this side.

"Roped into chores? That's what young men are supposed to do to win over a lady. They have to show how strong and handy they are. Isn't that right, Jessica?" Mrs. Masing said as she set to work stuffing potato rolls with bits of meat.

Kace cocked an eyebrow in challenge to Jessica.

"Among other things," Jessica mumbled and turned away.

The old woman cackled. "Yes, yes. Among other things."

Jessica's face burned as he continued to stare at her. She could feel his hot eyes on her. When she turned to look at him, his searing gaze made her insides quiver with need, and she crossed her legs to ease the ache.

"You need to hurry and finish up. My food shouldn't be kept waiting," Mrs. Masing snapped, and the tension between Kace and Jessica slipped. He moved to finish his work.

Jessica watched him silently as he worked the sink with ease. It was obvious he was a man used to working with his hands, and for some reason, that made her ache even more. When he finally pulled out from underneath the sink, grime covered his white shirt.

"Good thing I keep a spare in the car," he mumbled.

He jumped up and strolled out the front door.

"All right, old woman, what are you up to?" Jessica turned to Mrs. Masing. The same smile had been planted on her face since Jessica's arrival.

"What, me?" Mrs. Masing said innocently. If it weren't for the laugh that followed, Jessica might have bought it. "I'm just making sure my girls are well taken care of."

"Oh, and he's the one to do it?" Jessica crossed her arms over her chest.

"Listen here, missy. I'm not so old that I don't know a good man when I see one. He reminds me of Mr. Masing, and you won't find much better than that."

Jessica felt tears prickle in her eyes. She did understand that Mrs. Masing just wanted to see her happy. It was sweet that she'd even try.

The sound of the front door reached them both. They turned in that direction. Kace walked past them to the sink. The pipes groaned as he turned on the water in the sink.

Jessica stood and hugged Mrs. Masing. "Thank you, and I'll keep what you said in mind."

She smiled back at her. "Now go tell our worker that lunch is nearly done."

Jessica nodded and went to go let Kace know. The water had shut off, so she moved through the bedroom to where the bathroom was.

"It's time for lunch," she said as she rounded the corner.

Her mouth went dry as she stared at the near perfect chest that was on display. Little droplets of water trickled down the flat planes of his chest to his stomach where a row of hair caught them like a web.

Kace stared at her, the same heat from earlier radiating off of him as he stepped closer. He was still bare chested, his dirty t-shirt now on the floor.

"How does your head feel?" he asked quietly.

Her heart thumped wildly in her chest. "Fine," she said breathlessly.

His hand reached out to feel the back of her head for a lump. "You've still got quite the knot there." His hand skimmed down to the back of her neck. She felt his fingers search through her hair for the skin there and shivered when he found it.

She stared up at him, a little shocked by his touch. He was standing so close she could feel the heat radiating off of him. Her palms itched to explore the exposed skin in front of her. His hand skimmed the side of her neck as he pulled away. Hot need spread through her, and Jessica bit her lip to keep from groaning.

She stepped back quickly, overcome with the intensity of his nearness.

"Mrs. Masing sent me," she said. Jessica struggled to find the words she wanted. "Lunch." She cursed how stupid she sounded.

"I'll just be a minute," Kace said quietly. She watched for a moment as his chest rose and fell. At least she wasn't alone in being affected.

Jessica turned and quickly fled the room.

* * *

Lunch was fairly quiet. Neither of them seemed to have much to say after the incident in the bathroom. Jessica knew she really didn't have much to add.

Not that their silence seemed to bother Mrs. Masing much. She chatted about the people in the neighborhood and told stories about the girls when they were growing up. Kace seemed attentive as always but avoided Jessica's eyes whenever he could. On occasion she would catch him glancing her way, but when she looked up, he was back to looking the other direction.

She gave a sigh of relief when they had finished lunch and were headed out the door. Mrs. Masing might enjoy their company, but Jessica knew if the woman didn't get to watch her soaps, there was going to be hell to pay.

"Thank you so much, Officer Allen, for fixing all the drains," Mrs. Masing said. She reached up and gave him a kiss on the cheek. When she pulled back, the old woman winked at Jessica, who snorted in response.

"And you," Mrs. Masing said to her. "You come and see me more. No more late nights with the boss."

Jessica felt Kace tense next to her. She could have sworn the old lady did it on purpose.

"I'll come see you more," she said and pecked her on the cheek.

Mrs. Masing nodded, and Kace and Jessica climbed down the steps. By the time they reached the bottom, the door was closed.

She turned back to Kace.

"Late nights with the boss?" he said. His tone light, but his stance was anything but.

"Oh that's just what she calls it," Jessica said and waved a hand toward the house. "She's not a fan of Finn or his family's reputation."

"Can't say I am either," he mumbled.

Jessica crossed her arms over her chest. "He's my boss. This job pays the bills, and that's what I need right now. If you hadn't noticed, not a lot of work available for an undereducated person from the wrong family."

She took in a deep breath and tried to calm herself.

"That's not what I meant," he said. Jessica watched as he ran a hand through his hair. "I get it."

Jessica sighed and nodded.

"So," he said. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow."

"Sounds good," she said and smiled. "Thanks for helping Mrs. Masing. It really made her day to have a big strong man do work for her."

Kace grinned. "Big strong man?"

Jessica laughed and climbed up her stairs.

"According to old ladies," she said.

She turned and watched him shake his head.

"I'll see you tomorrow, Kace," she said quietly.

She slipped in and shut the door. Her heart didn't return to normal until he had been gone for a good ten minutes.

Chapter Five

Jessica groaned as she opened her eyes. It felt much later than she wanted it to be, but it was nice getting some real sleep. Yesterday had been strange to say the least. She thought she had the tough cop all figured out, and then he had to go and be all gentle. It was weird, and she wasn't sure what he was really getting at.

It had occurred to her that it might just be him testing if she really was a criminal. If that was the case, she really didn't want to give him the time of day, but it had all seemed spontaneous. If Kace was anything, he was a man who planned well.

She sat up and tossed the covers off. After a bit in the bathroom, she slipped on her silk robe and padded around her room. She stopped when she heard the front door open and close.

Hoping that Victoria had gone for lunch, Jessica hurried downstairs. She stopped at the bottom and stared at Kace. Once again, he was in jeans and a t-shirt that were especially nice and clean. She swallowed as she remembered how he had looked without the shirt. Her n**ples peaked at the thought.

His eyes dropped to her chest, and she knew he had seen her excitement. She crossed her arms and looked to her sister who was standing behind Kace.

"So Officer Allen is here." She smirked. "I didn't know he was picking you up."

Victoria mouthed O-M-G behind his back. Jessica had to agree. He was well worthy of an O-M-G.

"I didn't know that was the plan," she said and cleared her throat.

Kace ran a hand through his hair. "I didn't really know what time you went in and thought it would be good if I started taking you." He smiled.

Jessica leaned around the corner to look at the time on the stove. She nearly choked. It was nearly three.

"Shit," she mumbled.

She turned to catch Kace staring at the back of her legs. The silk robe had ridden up and was nearly exposing her. He coughed when he looked up to her eyes.

"Just give me some time to hop in the shower and get ready. I can't believe I slept this late." Jessica started to climb the stairs.

"With the hit you took, I'm surprised you aren't in the hospital," Kace said.

Jessica winced.

"Was it really that bad?" Victoria's voice trembled as she spoke.

Jessica turned around to glare at Kace. "I'm fine. They made a big deal for nothing."

She thought about walking over and socking Kace in the stomach just to show how fine she was.

"Really. I'm okay." Jessica stared at her sister until she looked up. She knew she could convince her. "I was with you all weekend. Did I seem any different?"

Victoria shook her head.

"Well okay. I'm fine," she said. Her eyes shifted to Kace, who nodded his understanding.

"So, Victoria, what are you studying?" Kace turned and steered them into the living room.

She perked up at the chance to talk about classes. "Well I'm only a sophomore now, but I'm going to be a grade school teacher."

Jessica smiled as she walked up the stairs. That was why she worked so hard. So her sister could see her dreams completed. Jessica had never really been all that good in school, and she was glad that one of them was getting to go. It wasn't that she didn't have her own dreams, but her top one was to see Victoria happy. If she did that, she was accomplishing her dream.

Besides, her goals were modest. Move into a house, have some kids and maybe open a business. She still wasn't sure what she would do, but she was good with numbers, missing money aside, and could talk people into just about anything.

Jessica reached the top of the stairs and walked into her room. She let the robe fall to the bed and flipped through her clothes. She stopped on a deep purple backless dress that showed way too much skin. It wasn't one she would normally wear to work, but her fingers lingered on the piece. She looked amazing in it. He would think so too. She was sure of it.

She shook those thoughts out and forced her hand past the dress. Something sensible would be better. Maybe she should wear pants. She groaned. It shouldn't be so hard. Her hand jerked back to the purple dress and pulled it from the closet. Better to just choose and be done with, she told herself.

After grabbing a pair of black pumps, she made her way to the bathroom at the end of the hall. No hot water for her today, just a quick room-temp shower. Washing and shaving as fast as she could, Jessica moved like it was her last shower. It was silly, but better room temp than freezing cold.

Jessica jumped out of the shower and slipped on the dress. She applied a little make up and then put on her shoes. Jessica stared in the mirror and winked. It was a good look on her for sure. Maybe a little more than she would normally wear but worth the effort.

She silently chided herself for even wanting to impress Kace, but after yesterday, she decided he really deserved to be stirred up a little. All evening she had been restless, and it was all his fault.

She crept down the steps. When she came into view, she had to bite her cheek to keep from laughing. Kace had stopped midsentence to look her over.

"I'm ready," she said.

Kace turned abruptly and walked to the car.

"Looks like you've got his wheels going," Victoria said.

Jessica looked to the car. "I don't know. He's just so hard to read."

Victoria laughed. "He didn't seem that hard to read to me. Maybe next time you should look a little lower."

She snorted. Victoria was right. She had been so focused on his face that she hadn't really thought to take in the whole package.

"Since when do you know so much about men?" Jessica gave her sister a playful pinch on the arm.

Victoria rolled her eyes. "Since I was old enough to let them break my heart."

Jessica sighed and looked back to the car. "They are known for doing that."

"Yeah, but sometimes it's worth the risk," Victoria said softly.

She turned back to her wise sister and gave her a big hug. "I know." She pulled back and put her hands on Victoria's shoulders. "Now get a good night's sleep, and don't wait up."

Victoria grinned. "Got plans?"

Jessica laughed. "Not yet, but it could be late."

The smile on Victoria's face faltered. "Just stay safe."

Jessica turned and grabbed her purse. "I will. Olivia's fiance is sending someone over, so I'll have two big men to keep an eye on me."

"Oh, is it Ryder? He's always so nice and a really great tipper when he comes into Irene's shop."

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Is she still avoiding him?"

"Yup." Victoria leaned against the door frame. "She usually has me or Taylor wait on him."

"Hiding behind her cousin and a family friend." Jessica shook her head. "If she's not interested, she needs to just say something."

Victoria thought for a moment. "I don't really think that's the problem. She's just so shy when it comes to him."

"Well, she's going to have to face that sometime," Jessica said.

Victoria grinned at her. "Pot, meet kettle."

Jessica tossed a hat at her. "So not the same."

"Well I'll say this, you're an idiot if you don't think about it. That man out there," she nodded to the car, "is pretty great. Don't think I don't know what he did for Mrs. Masing. As far as she's concerned, you are an item. Don't be surprised if she's over there knitting booties for you."

Jessica sighed loudly. No, she wouldn't be surprised. Actually, she'd put money on her doing exactly that.

"And on that note, I'm out." Jessica shut the door on her still laughing sister and carefully walked down the treacherous steps.

When she stepped in the car, Kace silently looked ahead. He had slipped sunglasses over his eyes, so she had even less a chance of reading him. She turned and glared out the window. What did it matter? She wasn't really looking to impress him.

"Are we ready?" he asked.

"Sure," she replied dryly.

If he wanted to be closed off, she could give him closed off.

* * *

Kace sat at the bar sipping his soda and watching Jessica get ready for the evening. It was pure torture seeing her move around in that dress and knowing he'd have to keep his hands to himself. She would turn at certain angles, and he could just make out the swell of her ass, driving him crazy wondering if she was wearing anything underneath. It seemed near impossible considering how low the back was and how open things were.

It made his hands twitch to do all sorts of things to the exposed skin. His c*ck twitched in his pants and continued to strain against his zipper. If he couldn't calm down soon, he was going to be in some serious pain. Shifting on the stool, he eased the pressure off that area as much as he could.

He jumped when she leaned forward on the counter in front of him.

"Is there anything else I can get you?" She smiled sweetly.

Kace shook his head and tried not to look down at the open cl**vage in front of him.

"I'm good," he said and took another drink.

Jessica leaned across and squeezed his arm.

"I'm glad you came in," she said. His dick swelled a bit at her gentle touch.

He choked a little. "Oh?"

Jessica nodded. "It's always so quiet in here before anyone comes, and there's just so much room." She nibbled her bottom lip. "Sometimes it's just really creepy."

Kace puffed up a little. "Glad I could help alleviate those fears."

She smiled widely and slid her hand from his arm. He had to bite back a groan as her hand met the skin on his arm.

They turned when there was a knock on the door. Kace cursed his very evident arousal.

"You go in front," he said. "If it's someone up to no good, it's best they not know I'm here, so I can get the drop on them."

He sighed when she nodded and walked toward the door.

He eased off the stool and took a second to adjust himself. There was no real hiding it, but it did feel good to shift things around a bit.

He watched through some plants as she smiled and opened the door. A larger man came in, scanning the room for trouble.

"Damn it, Ryder," Kace said from his position. "Maybe you should text before you come."

Ryder chuckled when he spied Kace.

"Hiding behind the plant while the lady opens the door?" Ryder hitched an eyebrow at him and snorted when Kace came into full view.

Knowing Ryder, he wouldn't give him shit now for the massive hard on Kace was sporting, but first chance around the rest of the guys, he was f**ked.

Kace flipped him off, which only seemed to amuse Ryder more.

"Let's go take a seat before you break something," he mumbled.

Kace mumbled a few choice words back, which only made Ryder laugh harder.

"Want a drink, Ryder?" Jessica breezed past them. Kace turned his head to look at the ugly tables sprinkled across the room.

"Coffee if you have it," he said.

The two men took a seat and watched her easily move around the bar.

"Here you go," she said and sat the drink in front of him. "Here's cream and sugar if you need it. If you don't have anything else, I'll just go in the office and get started on some paperwork."

They both shook their heads and watched her retreat into the back area.

"So..." Ryder snorted. "That's some dress she's wearing."

Kace fisted his hands on his lap. It shouldn't piss him off that Ryder had noticed, but he was one step away from beating the shit out of his brother. Of course, Reed would have been worse.

He turned and shot him a hard look. "How's Irene doing?"

The two men glared at each other for a moment before Ryder threw his hands up.

"Fair enough," he said. "Got anything new?"

Kace shook his head. "You?"

"Not yet," Ryder said and took a sip. "I've got a few leads on Russian movement but not enough to really confirm anything."

Kace nodded. "And what about the funds?"

"Meg is running a few things and talking to some experts in the UK that have some knowledge on this sort of thing," Ryder said quietly.

"UK?" Kace glanced toward the back door. "How does she know these people?"

Ryder shrugged. "Guess from school. There were a lot of other people in her computer science program." He took another sip of his coffee. "Guess they handle this sort of thing with the banks. She's really gotten into it."

"Well that's good," he said. "She needs something else to focus on other than Liam."

"No shit." Ryder shook his head. "That girl just needs to let him go. He's never going to leave his past behind." He sighed. "I speak from experience."

Kace clapped him on the back. "Doing better than him. At least you're trying."

Ryder laughed bitterly. "Lot of good that's done me. Can't even be in the same room as her without scaring her off."

"Just have to keep trying," he said.

A knock came from the front door.

"That's the staff," Jessica called from the office.

As he went to open the door, Kace wondered if she had heard anything else.

He opened the door and a flood of people he'd seen there before came in. The little waitress from the other night slipped in. If he were going to trust his gut, he'd follow up on her.

The muscles in his jaw clenched when he saw the finger-like bruising on her wrist. Kace followed after her but stopped when Jessica got in his path. She pulled him to the side, and he watched as the waitress slipped into the back room.

"Did you see her arm?" he asked Jessica.

She nodded. "It's not the first time either. From what I can figure out, she's leaving him and he isn't too happy."

"Who is he?" Kace peered into her eyes and knew he wasn't going to like the answer.

"Listen," she leaned in and whispered. "She's a good girl. Asks to work every evening we're open. Shows up on time and works harder than four people. Alyssa is the best employee we have."

"But," he said quietly.

"But," she continued. "I think her boyfriend is associated with the Russians."

His eyes widened. "And Finn knows this?"

Jessica winced and looked away. "Not exactly."

Kace didn't like Finn, but he didn't deserve to be lied to. "We have to tell him."

Her panicked eyes met his, and he sucked in a shallow breath when her hands went to his chest.

"No, we can't tell him," she said. "He already thinks it's her. Besides, if her boyfriend does this to her now, what do you think he's going to do if she loses her job?"

Kace knew exactly what would happen. He'd seen the woman. Beaten down both mentally and physically. A little woman like that would be lucky to come out alive. If you could even call it that.

"Okay," he said. "But first sign of trouble from her, we tell him."

"Agreed." She nodded. "But when we do, I'd like to be on a plane to a remote location."

Kace grinned. "I don't think that will be necessary."

"So says you," she mumbled. "You haven't dealt with the other half as much."

Kace lifted her chin so that she looked into his eyes, all previous laugher gone.

"No one is going to hurt you under my watch," he said darkly.

She nodded slowly and pulled away. If she felt half the intensity he tried to convey, then she would know how serious he was.

Kace turned and headed for the door. Time for him to pull back. Things were getting personal, and he didn't quite know what to do with that.

He nodded to Ryder as he headed out the door. Knowing Ryder was there gave Kace a sense of peace. If he had a brother nearby, they could take on anything.

Chapter Six

"We're heading out here soon," Alyssa said from the door.

Jessica yawned. It hadn't been particularly busy, but she was sick of looking at numbers. Nothing ever seemed to add up like it should, and she was sick of trying to make it all work.

She stood and stretched. "How did you do tonight?"Jessica asked, trying to keep things nice and easy.

"Good," Alyssa said excitedly. "I make more every night it seems."

She smiled at the young woman. Her cheeks were slightly hollowed, and she looked less vibrant that she normally did.

"Enough to leave him?"

Neither woman spoke for a moment. The air stilled. She wasn't even sure she was breathing until she forced air out.

Alyssa smiled. "I'm not sure what you-"

"Your wrist," Jessica said and pointed at the deep purple on her wrist.

Alyssa pulled the sleeves down further.

"Oh God. Are you going to fire me?" Alyssa crumpled on the couch.

Jessica closed the door. "No. Why would I do that?" She sat down next to the tiny woman. "But I'm going to tell you something about myself that not many know."

Alyssa sniffed and looked up to her.

"When I was younger, I was not in a good spot. My father had just been locked up, and that time, we knew it was going to be some serious time. Mom split, and there we were, little sister and I, stuck living with a grandmother from another time and place. Let's just say living with an old Estonian woman wasn't my idea of fun." Jessica looked at Alyssa. Her eyes had dried up, and she seemed to be interested in her story.

"So I met a man. I was fifteen, and he was twenty-five. He was part of my dad's crew, so I thought I couldn't possibly go wrong. At first it was just verbal. Talking down to me. Ditching me to be with the guys. Sex at that age wasn't all that great to begin with, so I didn't really have anything to compare, but looking at it now, it was shit. He was rough and mean, and it was never about me. So when he started cheating for sex, it was almost a relief."

Jessica sighed and leaned back. "But I was young and stupid. So I got mad and told him so." She looked directly at Alyssa for the sign, the one that told her she knew what was coming next. She flinched and Jessica knew. "It was the first time it happened. I let it go on for a few weeks until my grandmother found out. She paid my father a visit. The only one in all those years." Jessica laughed bitterly. "I don't know what kind of dirt she had on him, but the whole lot pulled up roots and left."

She took the woman's hand in her own and squeezed. "I can't do what my grandmother did for me, but we do know someone who can if it comes down to it."

Alyssa glanced away. Fear in her eyes. "I'm not so sure he would."

"I am," Jessica said without any hesitation, though she hoped to clear up the embezzlement mess first. That way, Finn would have a reason to help without suspicion about the boyfriend's Russian ties. "You just keep that in mind. And if you can take the steps, I'll help you the rest of the way. We've got room at our place. It's not much, but it's something."

Big tears welled in her eyes, and Jessica couldn't take it any longer. She hugged the small woman to her.

"You are stronger than this. You are stronger than him. You've just got to keep believing," she whispered in Alyssa's hair.

Alyssa nodded on her shoulder and pulled back.

"Thank you," she whimpered.

Jessica nodded and stood to pull a few tissues from her desk.

"Want to come home with me tonight?" She handed over a few tissues. "We'd even have a police escort."

She winked at Alyssa who laughed.

"I'm going to stay with a friend," she said. "But thanks. For everything."

Jessica nodded. "Well the offer stands if you ever need it, and remember what I said about calling in a favor."

Alyssa grabbed her purse and headed for the door. "I'll keep it in mind, but I still don't think Finn would help."

She smiled weakly.

A knock came, and they both jumped. Ryder poked his head through.

"Am I interrupting?" He looked between the two.

Alyssa shook her head. "I was just getting out of here. Night," she called over her shoulder.

Ryder opened the door wider and moved to the side.

"Things look to be all set out here. Are you ready?"

Jessica shook her head. "I've still got a little more paperwork. Go ahead and send Kace in. Just tell him to close and lock the door behind him when he comes in."

Ryder gave a nod. "Goodnight."

Jessica sighed when he left.

That had been a harder conversation than she had expected. It had been so long since she thought about Evan. She shuddered at his name. Even now he still affected her.

Jessica tossed herself on the couch and leaned her head back against the soft leather.

She hoped that Alyssa would be able to beat this. No one should be able to get away with those sorts of things. Jessica closed her eyes and ignored the burning in her eyes. He wasn't going to get one more tear from her. That was the promise.

* * *

Kace watched as the staff filtered out. After some time, the little waitress, Alyssa, emerged and hopped into a car with a woman. He would have liked to get a glimpse of the dick who got his kicks from beating on a woman.

He stared impatiently at the door before Ryder emerged. Not wasting time, he climbed out of the car and moved in front of the building.

"The women were having a little meeting," Ryder said.

His eyebrow shot up. He hadn't expected Jessica would confront her. Maybe she had gotten some information from the talk.

"She said for you to come in but lock the door." Ryder glanced at the door. "Everything is all secured. I've checked."

Kace clapped him on the back. "Thanks. Now go home and get some sleep."

Ryder nodded. "Liam is on tomorrow. Reed thinks if we keep rotating, they won't know who to expect."

"Not a bad plan," he said. "I guess I'll see you in a few days then."

Ryder turned to walk away but stopped. "You know if you don't come to Sunday dinner this week, Mom is going to flip her lid."

Kace laughed. "That's what she told me this morning. I'll be there."

Ryder nodded again and walked to his car.

Kace turned to the building and opened the door. After he had entered and turned the locks, he flipped the switch to the lights.

As his eyes adjusted to the dark, he moved silently though the great room. Small sconces lined the walls, shining a low beam to the floor, the office the brightest light in the building.

When he came around to the door of the office, he stopped.

There on the couch, Jessica lay soundly asleep, her head dipped to one side. She comfortably rested on the couch.

Kace sighed and flipped off the overhead light, so the one from her desk was the only one on. A few minutes of shuteye wasn't such a bad idea. He laid his gun beside him on the file cabinet and took off his jacket to put on her. She snuggled deeper into the warmth.

He sat next to her and stared. Her long black hair spread out on the back of the couch, making her skin appear paler than it already was.

After adjusting slightly, Kace slid down and closed his eyes. It was better to just sleep for a bit than torture himself by looking at her.

* * *

Jessica woke up warm and comfortable. She snuggled deeper and froze when her bed groaned beneath her. Her eyes blinked open, and the light from the lamp cast shadows over the room. She vaguely remembered being in her office and sitting on the couch. Which had apparently turned to sleeping.

She tilted her head up and peered at Kace. His warm hand rested on the bare skin of her back. He moved slightly. The rasp of his calloused hands made her n**ples tighten with need. She shuddered. He looked to be still sleeping, but his arm at her back tensed around her as she shifted.

With the blanket around her, she felt cocooned around him.

Her legs stretched out the length of him and had slipped slightly between his. She moved her h*ps slightly for a better position. When she bumped the hard length, she froze. The hand at her back held her to keep her from moving.

She looked up at his now open eyes. Her cheeks flamed at the fire she saw. Uncertainty pulsed through her as her hand moved from his side to across his stomach. His breathing was shallow and rapid as she slowly moved up his chest. The muscles rippled beneath her fingers, and she itched to slip her hand under the cotton.

When she reached his collar bone, she paused and looked back up to him. Never had she been so nervous to touch a man. Maybe the earlier memories of her ex so long ago still lingered in her thoughts.

She shivered when the hand at her back moved slowly across her bare skin until it reached the hem of her dress. His fingers skimmed under slightly across the swell of her ass.

"Shit. Are you not wearing panties?" He groaned.

"Can't wear much of anything with this dress," came her breathy reply.

"You are going to be trouble," he rumbled.

Kace yanked her up his body and crashed his mouth into hers. His soft lips moved with hers, and she moaned into his mouth. Taking the opportunity, he slipped his tongue into her mouth. The kiss was raw and made her ache more the longer it lasted.

His hands threaded in her hair as he moved her the way he wanted. She twisted until she was straddling him and pressed firmly against his hard cock. His tongue moved in and out of her as she rocked against him.

Her hands worked their way up from the bottom of his shirt but were stopped by the press of her body against his. She pulled her mouth away and groaned when she was finally able to feel the muscles she had been fantasizing about.

"Fuck," he groaned.

Wasting no time, Jessica shoved his shirt up until he was forced to sit up and take it off.

She moaned when he sat up. The new position pushed her harder against him. Her hands wrapped around his neck as she drew him in for another searing kiss.

His hands were all over her now. Pushing her dress up past her ass, now nestled firmly against his thighs, his hands grabbed ahold. He pulled her in to grind hard against his hard length. She pulled her mouth away but kept her hands around his neck as she rotated her h*ps over his cock. No question, she wanted him.

Jessica wrapped her legs around the back of him to get better leverage. She was so close to coming and wondered if he might not be far off. Sweat prickled her skin. Her n**ples were so painfully hard just a little release would be something.

When she pulled back and dropped her arm, she saw the flicker of doubt flash in his eyes. She pulled her arms through the sleeves of the dress and pulled it down to her waist. If he stopped now, she just might have to claw his eyes out.

He stared at her exposed br**sts and then back at her. Her breathing slowed down as she waited for him to make a move. She had put it out there. It was up to him now.

Kace stared at her. Every rational part of his brain was fighting to stay in charge. If he did this with her, he knew it wouldn't be a onetime thing. Neither of them were that kind of person. And even if they were, he knew there was no way he'd be able to get his fill of her in just one go.

No, this was a woman he would want over and over again. Everything about her set him off, and the harder he tried to fight it, the more he couldn't deny that they had something. Despite her dark past or poor choice in employers, there was something about her that he just couldn't walk away from.

She dropped her hands and started to stand up.

"Fuck it," Kace growled.

He grabbed her h*ps and launched himself forward and pushed her backward on the couch. He stared down at her surprised face and took some satisfaction.

Watching her face, he moved his hands from her hips, trailing up her ribs until his fingers brushed the underside of her breast. Her eyes clouded over with lust as she tried to move his hands over the hard peaks.

Her h*ps bucked, but there was no relief since she couldn't press against him.

Jessica huffed in frustration.

Kace's chuckle was cut off when she wrapped her legs around him again and pulled him forward. He groaned when his throbbing dick pressed firmly against her. Looking down, he could see her shaved p**sy spreading her juices across the front of his pants.

At that moment, he wanted nothing more than to just sink his dick and f**k her. Not the slow sweet one he had planned but the kind that would leave them sweaty and drained.

No longer able to hold back, Kace took her n**ples between his fingers and rolled them tightly. She moaned again and rocked hard against him. The friction against his pants was unbearable. Any longer and he wouldn't even make it out of his pants.

He pulled his h*ps back slightly. She groaned at the loss until his mouth latched onto a nipple. As he sucked and nipped at the tender flesh, his hand made its way down her body. She jumped when his finger slipped between her slick folds.

Slowly, he circled her swollen clit. Her body begged him for more.

Jessica gripped the hair on his head, her nails biting into his scalp.

"Kace," she moaned. "Please."

His finger pressed hard on her cl*t before slipping into her. The moan this time came from deep inside her. He let go of her nipple and found he was moaning along with her. Her walls clenched him as he slipped further in.

When he pulled out, he pressed hard against her cl*t again and pushed back in. Over and over. Faster with each move. He watched her face as her orgasm neared. Mouth open, lips red from kissing and cheeks flushed with excitement, she was the most amazing thing he'd ever seen.

"Faster," she panted.

He pushed faster, his hand bumping her cl*t while his finger was buried deep inside. Kace could feel her frustration and knew it wasn't enough. He pulled out and slipped in a second finger. Her walls resisted slightly as he pushed in slowly.

He could feel the beginnings of her orgasm and scissored his fingers inside quickly, his thumb rubbing hard against her clit.

She cried out as she came over his fingers, pulling him in a little more with each spasm.

Kace pulled his fingers out of her and placed them in his mouth.

He groaned at the taste of her. Putting his hands on either side of her head, he leaned forward.

"Next time it will be with my tongue, but I can't wait anymore," he said, his voice rough with need.

A loud clang ripped through the air. They turned to the door.

Chapter Seven

Kace cursed. This was the worst timing known to man. He sat up and listened again. The shuffle of something being moved reached him, and he bit back the string of curse words he wanted to let fly.

Not bothering with his shirt, Kace grabbed his gun from the file cabinet and stood.

"Stay in here and lock the door. Don't open it unless it's me," he said to Jessica as she struggled to get her dress back on.

He groaned to himself. It had just better be a cat because he was going to beat the shit out of any person he found.

Kace turned to see her pale and scared face. His heart twisted. Without thinking he pulled her in for a kiss.

"If I'm not back in ten minutes, call the police," he said. Jessica nodded, and he walked out the door.

When he heard the lock click, he made his way to the back storage room next door. He pulled his gun out and let the dim light from the window inside be his guide. He reached the switch on the wall and flipped it on. Movement through the window into the alley caught his eye.

He raced out the door and through the main club to the front door. After flipping the lock, he burst through the doors into the cool air. Pumped with adrenaline, he shrugged off the chill on his nak*d chest and charged around the corner.

He watched as a black car raced away on the dimly lit street. The pitch black street was made to hide a black car like that. By the time he raised his gun, the car was too far away to catch and not near enough to read the plate. A noise behind him put him on alert. He whirled around. Jessica was just stepping around the corner with a gun aimed at the retreating car.

Rage boiled in him as he stalked over to her. Unable to control his anger, he grabbed her arm and ushered her back inside.

Once in, with the doors firmly locked, he turned to glare at her.

"What the f**k was that?" he bellowed. "What are you even doing with a gun? Is that licensed to you?"

Jessica shrugged, and he knew the answer. It once again proved they were not a good match.

"What exactly were you planning on doing with that?" he asked.

"I was covering your ass," she said and flipped the safety back on the gun.

His eyes narrowed on the gun in her hands.

"No, that was you not doing what I told you," he said, stomping toward her.

Jessica held her chin up and glared back at him.

"Yeah and that was also me catching you off-guard," she said.

They were breathing heavy when he finally stood in front of her. He really wasn't sure if he wanted to spank her or f**k her. Or maybe both. He shifted slightly to ease the pressure in his pants from the returning erection.

"You seem to catch me off-guard often," he said. He was standing so close that his words stirred the hair around her face.

Jessica stepped back, pain evident on her face.

"You can call it whatever you want. We both know that," she waved an arm at the office, "was not you being caught off-guard."

Jessica felt the pain pulse deep inside and knew that his dismissal of what had happened or how it had happened hurt. She should have known by now how this score went, but it still hurt. She turned to walk to her office but was stopped when he snatched her hand in his.

"Wait," he said. The deep rumble of his voice sent zings to her clit. She cursed her response to him.

She turned as he closed in on her. Having no choice, Jessica backed up until she found herself flush with the column.

"I didn't mean it to be bad," he said. His arms lifted to frame her in, and he pressed into her. "My reaction to you is what catches me off-guard," he said and bumped his h*ps into her.

She bit back a moan as his hard arousal pushed into her.

He leaned forward until his lips just brushed her ear as he spoke.

"I just don't know what to do with you," he whispered. "Part of me wants to spank the hell out of you for not listening. The other part wants to f**k you because you don't."

Jessica shivered and turned her head to his, ready to give in to whatever side he wanted to give her. Although she sincerely hoped the f**king would win.

Kace sighed and stepped back slightly, leaving her feeling slightly empty.

"But right now I need to get a hold of Reed and Finn," he said.

She frowned. "Aren't you going to call in the cops?"

"Something strange is going on here, and I need to go with people I trust," he said.

She folded her arms over her chest and quirked an eyebrow at him.

Kace chuckled. "I trust Reed at least." He nodded to the office. "Go get your stuff together, and I'll have someone take you home. I need to stay here and make sure they don't come back. They made such a quick getaway. I think they might have gotten sloppy."

Hope perked up in her. If they could catch whoever was behind this, then things should go back to normal. She looked up to Kace and felt her heart speed up. Jessica wondered if, for the first time, normal was going to be good enough for her.

* * *

Kace ducked behind the brick of the building when a car pulled down the street. They moved slowly, and he wondered if the creep from before was back for more. He pulled out his gun. This time they weren't going to get the drop on him.

He sighed when Finn and Liam pulled up. It was luck that they happened to be together at that moment. He tried not to think about why they would be. Liam had made it pretty clear about his feelings for that side of the family. Although he also knew that since Reed had called in a favor with Finn, Liam had been the one to take on the favor owed.

Whatever they were together over he likely didn't want to know about. It would be one thing to take in a bastard like Finn, but taking in Liam, well, he was practically one of the family. He had been coming to Sunday meals for years now, and if he ever decided to pull his head out of his ass, they could make it official when he married Meg.

Kace sighed. This easy promotion gig was turning out to be far more complicated than he ever wanted. Involving his family was only a small chunk of the problem, with Jessica being the biggest chunk. He didn't even know where he was going with all this, but the idea of not going anywhere with it had him nearly sick. As odd as it seemed, it was more a risk not to see where things went.

"Where's Jessica?" Finn narrowed his eyes at him, and for the first time, Kace wondered what exactly he felt for her.

"Her sister was up and came by," Kace said.

Finn's mouth formed a thin line. "Her sister shouldn't have to be up," he snapped. "And what were you even doing here this late?"

He knew someone was going to ask. Kace sighed.

"We fell asleep," he said simply.

Finn continued to stare, clearly not believing what he had said.

"If you two are finished pissing on stuff, I'd like to get this shit over with, so I can go home." Liam was already hunched over the window ledge, examining the ground and ground level window.

"Whatever," Kace said and walked into the dark alley. A light flickered at the end of the alley, near the back of the building, but it wasn't enough light to make much of anything out.

He was surprised when Finn followed behind him quietly.

"Find anything?" Finn rumbled to Liam.

Liam looked up from his spot on the ground.

"Doesn't look like forced entry." He pointed to the lock at the top.

Kace frowned, as that didn't make sense. "I locked this window the other night. I'm certain of it."

Liam and Finn exchanged a look.

"Looks like you were right," Liam said.

"Right about what?" Kace crossed his arms and leaned against the cold brick. He hated being out of the loop, especially when that loop could get him killed.

"Not only have we been coming up short on booze, but someone is skimming the accounts. It's still not certain if they are related. The skimming is far more sophisticated than the theft. I tend to think that if they are the same group, it's not being done by the same person," Finn said.

"On top of all that," Liam stood and continued, "it looks like some of this is an inside job."

It did make sense. Otherwise, they would have to assume these people were smarter than they appeared, and nothing from the break-ins indicated that was the case.

"So do you have any leads?" Kace asked. He watched Finn as he spoke.

"The little waitress," Finn said flatly.

It wasn't a surprise she was a suspect. She had been cagy since Kace started watching the place, but taking into consideration her situation, it wasn't all that shocking he thought otherwise.

"It's not her," he said.

Finn smiled. "Jessica convince you she's not in on this?"

Kace frowned and stepped around the trash bin. "No. More like her boyfriend did."

Silence filled the alley as Finn's mood shifted to something far more deadly. "What do you mean?"

His voice cut through the air despite how quiet it was actually spoken. Kace could see why so many feared him.

"She came in with bruises, and apparently, this wasn't the first time," he said. "Jessica has been monitoring the situation, and they talked tonight."

Finn's fists clenched at his side. "And why didn't she come to tell me this?"

Kace glanced from Finn's fists to his hard face. "Maybe she didn't think you'd have the best reaction."

Finn threw his arms up. "And what reaction should I have when I hear that a little woman like that is being beaten?"

"A legal one," Kace said flatly.

Finn laughed bitterly and stepped onto the sidewalk outside the alley. The light from the club lit his face. "You know the problem with your solution? They take a guy like that in, and if she's lucky, he gets six months in. That gets reduced the two for good behavior." Finn sneered. "Then he's right back out to do it all again. My way, a piece of shit like him gets the beating he deserves, and he doesn't ever f**king touch her again." Finn stepped forward. "Tell me again that my way is wrong."

Kace took a step forward himself. "It's not legal your way. We have laws for a reason."

Finn leaned forward. With a twisted smile on his face, he whispered, "But tell me my way is wrong. That they don't f**king deserve it. That my way doesn't make the world just a little safer at night."

Kace breathed in heavy through his nose. His anger was kept just barely in check. As much as he wanted to say it wasn't true, he knew it was. For all the times he pointed to the law as this great thing to uphold, he knew that some people slipped through and got away with murder. Finn was a prime example of that. But then, so was the boyfriend.

"You know the problem with you?" Finn stepped back and turned to the cars. "You think we're worlds apart, but seem to forget I've met your family. We do what we have to for those who mean something when the time comes." He turned to stare him in the eyes. "No matter the cost."

Finn walked back to the car and got in without a second glance.

Liam stood silently behind him as they stared at the car.

"His father used to beat his mother," Liam said when he turned around. "No one could ever do anything for her because he was the boss, and you didn't cross the boss."

Kace could feel his anger turning to pity. Feeling something for someone like Finn wasn't something he wanted to examine too carefully. It put them too close to being similar. Putting a lid on those feelings, he faced the problem at hand.

"Did you find anything useful?" Kace asked.

Liam held up a small bag. "It's not much. A smudged partial print, a cigarette butt, and a candy wrapper. Not enough for the cops to bother with, but it might be something for us. You okay with this?" Liam held up the bag. "I know you haven't always been a fan of the way we go about getting information."

Kace glanced toward the car and then back at the bag. For as much as he didn't want it to be true, Finn was right. There wasn't much he wouldn't do to protect the people he cared about. And right now, Jessica was in danger.

"Do it," he said. "Let me know when you have something."

Kace walked to the street and glanced around. The sun would be up soon. He could feel the need to sleep deep in his bones.

"What are you going to do when this all goes down?" Liam asked.

Kace sighed. "I don't know."

"We need people like him," Liam said quietly. "The city is being flooded with people that are outside your reach with the methods you use. He's outside all that. And despite some of his criminal behavior, he's the one thing keeping things from tipping to the side of bad." Liam scrubbed his face and seemed to struggle with what he had to say. "Things are tough right now. He can't really trust many of his men, and the ones he does trust have to watch the others. If things don't end in his favor, I'm afraid we could all be sorry." Liam sighed. "He needs us more than he ever wanted to, and if we're all going to come out of this alive, we need him."

Kace nodded. It seemed to counter everything he had learned from Lt. Jackson.

"Keep me posted on the results," he said and climbed into his car. He was going to have to make a decision at some point but right now, all he wanted was a hot meal and a good sleep.

He shoved his thoughts down and drove toward home.

Chapter Eight

Jessica tossed the covers off at the first sight of morning and cursed the new day. What was the point of even trying to sleep when it never came or, when it did, her thoughts were filled with Kace? If she didn't start getting some decent sleep, she was going to lose it. The last time she had slept well was at the beginning of the week while in his arms. Here it was Saturday already and still no luck. One more day of this, and she was going to call him over just so she could sleep.

Of course, maybe the events of the week had something to do with that. She wasn't certain who was avoiding who, but they had both been doing a pretty good job of it. Being in a relationship was the last thing either of them needed, especially with each other. But for some reason, she just couldn't seem to convince her body that was true.

Her muscles groaned as she slipped out of bed and made her way to the bathroom. When she looked in the mirror, she winced. Dark circles highlighted the red in her eyes. She'd even lost a little weight, which made her color seem a little off.

She couldn't help it though. Wherever she went, he was always there watching her. Of course, that was his job, but it wasn't helping the situation. Every night she wondered if he felt the same draw when he dropped her off at the house.

Jessica groaned and climbed into the shower. She had to stop thinking about him. Her sexual frustration had reached all new peaks, and even when she helped herself, there was little relief. It just came back full force.

At least tonight she'd get a little break. Meg and Irene wanted to go to the club for a few drinks and dancing. She had been so resistant when Finn insisted she take the night off, but now she was grateful. A night off was just what she needed. Everything had been pretty laid back at work, and if anything did happen, Finn would be on duty to handle it.

* * *

Kace grumbled as Meg sat at his table. Not only was he tired from the week, but this was one of the few days he was able to lay around the house, and his younger sister woke him up. On and on she talked about going to the club later. It wasn't until she mentioned needing a ride that he was able to piece the whole thing together.

"So let me see if I get this right," he said. "You want me to spend one of the few nights I've had off in weeks, driving you and your drunk friends around."

"Well, I just thought you might want to keep an eye on Jessica, but if not, I can always call Cage. I'm sure he won't make a pass." She smiled sweetly.

Kace felt his blood pressure rise. Cage was a great guy, but when it came to women, he just couldn't help himself. And there was no way that was going to happen.

"Fuck," he groaned. "What time?"

* * *

Jessica stared at herself in the mirror. A little better. At least the makeup was able to mostly cover the dark circles. It did nothing for the red in her eyes, but there was little that could be done about that.

The black dress, now that looked good. She hadn't had much opportunity to wear it since she bought it, but it was well worth the wait. It hugged her curves in all the right ways and dipped low for just the right amount of cl**vage. She blushed thinking about the last time she wore something that revealing. This time she was wearing a bra and panties though, so she didn't feel quite as exposed.

She jumped when the bell to the door chimed and peeked around the corner at the clock. Early as always.

She raced down the stairs and stopped short when she saw Kace through the window. He didn't look very happy. Jessica opened the door.

"You really think going to the club is the best idea?" he said and charged into the house. "Considering everything?" He stopped and stared openly at her.

She closed the door and looked back to him.

"Why is going to the club such a bad idea?" Jessica crossed her arms and glared at him.

Kace stepped closer to her. "For one, I'm not there."

"So. Liam or Ryder should be. Not to mention that Finn is working the back tonight." She felt the quiver inside that she got every time he was near her.

"That's not the same," he said gruffly and moved even closer.

"Why?" she whispered.

They stared at each other for several long moments, neither saying anything.

"Where's your sister?" His eyes dilated as he stepped even closer.

"She's staying the night with Irene's cousin at Irene's house," she said. Her voice had dropped to a husky whisper.

"Is that so?" He moved in closer. She gasped when their bodies lightly touched.

She stamped down her oversensitive body and turned her head to the side. "Not that it matters. You've been avoiding me all week."

She jumped when his palm slammed into the door behind her, above her shoulder.

"I've been avoiding you all week at work, so I can keep my mind sharp in order to protect you. Every time I'm with you, all I can think is the sweet sound you made as you came and how bad I want to sink into you." He breathed heavy, and when she turned to look at him, she saw how tortured he was. "At night you're so tired I'm surprised you can even make it in the door."

He leaned forward on his arm, crushing his body into hers. His other hand cupped her cheek and swept a thumb under her eyes.

"You need to sleep more," he whispered.

"I can't." She turned into his touch.

He frowned. "If you're worried, you don't have to be. I'll protect you."

Jessica shook her head and nibbled her lip. If she said it, there would be no going back. His hand slid down to her neck, and she sighed. When she looked up at him, all she saw was concern.

"It's you," she whispered. "I can't sleep because of you."

Kace groaned as his mouth met hers. She didn't hold back this time. Her tongue licked the seam of his mouth, and she smiled when he opened to her. Battling with him for control, she pulled back to nip at his lips and took delight when he rocked against her.

Not stopping her assault, she moved along his neck and to the sensitive spot near the ears.

"Fuck," he grunted.

He jumped when her hand slipped between them and traced the hard length in his pants. Jessica couldn't wait to free him. She knew from last time he was large and wanted to feel that for herself.

His phone chimed and he pulled away.

Jessica groaned and leaned her head against the door while he pulled out the phone from his pocket.

"You have the worst f**king timing ever," he growled into the phone.

She giggled slightly

"Whatever." He smiled. His eyes burned with desire for her. "You set this all up. I should just let you wait a bit."

She could hear the distinct screech of a woman on the phone. Jessica leaned her head forward and rested it on his chest.

"Fine," he bit out and put the phone back in his pocket.

Jessica breathed in the fresh laundry smell he carried with him. Hints of sandalwood mixed with the smell, and she wondered if he used sandalwood soap.

"I'm pretty sure it's not murder if it's your sister," he said and rested his chin on her head.

Jessica chuckled.

"I assume you were supposed to pick me up and then them?" She tilted her head back to look at him.

"We could still blow them off. Irene is nice, I bet she wouldn't mind." His hand crept dangerously toward the swell of her ass.

"And Meg?" She raised a brow.

Kace shrugged. "She'd get over it."

Jessica laughed. "Meg doesn't strike me as someone who would get over it. Maybe you meant get even?"

Kace laughed and she liked the sound. It seemed like all they did was deal with shit or moon over each other. Maybe a night out would be fun for them.

She stood on her toes and pulled his face to hers. After a light kiss, she pulled away.

"Just let me get my shoes," she said.

She laughed at his groan as she hurried up the stairs.

* * *

Kace glared in the mirror as Meg grinned happily back at him. Her dark brown hair slipped into her face.

"So Jessica, it must be nice to know that Kace is watching your ass."

He gripped the steering wheel hard as Jessica blushed. The pink in her cheeks contrasted with her pale skin and black hair.

"It's been very reassuring," she said quietly.

Despite his sister being a pain in the ass, he smiled. He liked that Jessica felt safe with him.

They pulled up outside the club, cutting off any further pokes.

"Doesn't look very busy." Jessica frowned.

Kace glanced back to Meg and tried to catch her eye, but she was already talking.

"Lot of people were told to avoid it, or they could have Russian trouble," she said.

Jessica turned to Kace. "Is that true?"

He glared at his sister in the mirror who had the common sense to look sorry.

Kace turned to Jessica. "That's the word. Hard to say how much is true and how much is just a threat."

Irene's small voice came from the back. "Are we safe here?"

Kace nodded. "Liam and Finn are both on duty, and Ryder has been making the rounds. Counting Dale at the door and Meg and I, someone would have to be a fool to come in."

Irene glanced from the club and back. Her panicked face didn't seem to fade much, and he wondered if it was the Russians or Ryder that made her more worried. His heart twisted for his brother and his choice in women. This was not a woman that could handle a man like him.

"Let's go inside," Jessica said and touched his hand. His thumb stroked the palm of her hand. He winked when she shivered.

"Yes, let's go in." Meg rolled her eyes. "There's only so much eye f**king I can take in one night."

Kace turned and stared at her directly in the eyes. "Well then you picked the wrong night to go out."

"Kace!" Jessica swatted him.

He looked back to Meg who grinned openly at him. "Well at least I know what to expect."

They climbed out and greeted Dale at the door.

Jessica checked the table chart and moved them to the back of the club, not quite to the private tables but away from the smattering of others that had braved coming in.

He nodded to Ryder, who was seated a few tables away. Liam and Finn were at the bar, their heads close together, talking. They pulled apart when the noticed Kace's party and headed their way.

Finn gave a stern look to Jessica. "You're supposed to be resting."

Jessica laughed. "Don't blame me. I got roped into going out."

He shot Kace a hard look. Kace threw his hands up and placed one on the back of Jessica's chair.

"Don't blame me, I wanted to stay in." He smiled when Finn raised an eyebrow.

He knew it was embarrassing the hell out of her, but he just had to stake his claim. Not knowing what the end game was with Finn was driving him crazy. There were times he was certain Finn seemed interested in her.

"Really, I'm fine," she said and looked between then. Kace couldn't help but run his thumb over the exposed skin at her neck. He smiled when she shivered.

"Well," Meg said, standing. "You all continue your pissing contest while we use the bathroom. It would be nice if you were finished by the time we get back."

Kace chuckled. For being the baby of the group, she certainly didn't mince words. But then growing up in a house of boys would do that to you. Jessica stood to walk away, and his hand skimmed down her body. She looked down at him with intense heat.

"Hurry back," he said quietly.

He watched as they made their way across the room.

"So it's like that?" Finn asked from next to him.

"It is," Kace said, never taking his eyes off of them.

"It's not a competition," Finn said and clapped him on the shoulder.

Kace turn to look at the man and raised an eyebrow. Finn waved a hand and sat next to him.

"I think of her more like a guardian," Finn said and sat down. "It's my fault her father got taken in."

"That's not true," Liam interjected and took a set on the other side of Finn.

Finn glared at Liam, then turned back to Kace. "My father had him set up. He needed him out of the way, and so he paid a guy. Later I found out that he had kids. When she came through my door for an interview, it was just luck that I could fix a wrong."

Kace stared for a moment. It hadn't really been what he was expecting from the man.

"I'll say this though." Finn leaned a little closer. "You hurt her, and cop or not, I'll find a way to deal with you."

"That won't be a problem." Kace stared back at him.

"Um," a sweet voice cut through their conversation. "Can I get you some drinks?"

Alyssa stood shyly to the side and tried to look anywhere but at Finn. Kace smiled warmly at her.

"How about a couple pitchers of beer?" he said.

She nodded and hurried away.

"Still don't trust her?" Kace said to Finn.

"There's just something about her," he said and turned to watch her walk away.

Kace stifled a smile at the obvious attraction Finn was feeling.

"So did you hear anything back from Reed about the partial?" Kace asked.

Liam shook his head.

He grimaced. This was getting really f**king old. They just needed to flush them out and make them take a stand.

Kace stopped strumming his fingers and looked up.

"That's it," he said. The two turned to look at him. "We just need to flush this guy out. So what if we just put the word out that we've got a print."

"But it's not enough to get anything from," Liam said.

Kace shrugged. "So we just don't tell that part. These guys aren't smart enough to know how this works. They'll screw up again, and we nab them."

Liam turned to Finn. "It might actually work. Now all we need is for the nerds in the UK to figure this out."

"Nice," Meg said with her hands on her hips. "I'm sure they would love the name calling."

He ignored her death glare at Liam. "How close are they?"

"They have broken two of the security codes, but there are still two to go." She turned to Jessica. "It's actually all very interesting. I'm thinking of taking four months to go train under them."

The table jumped when Liam stood. His chair rocked back dangerously.

"You can't go over there," Liam said, his breathing heavy.

Meg stood, put her hands on the table and leaned over. "You aren't my father."

Liam laughed and plopped into a chair. "Well your father won't let you go over there with a bunch of unknown men."

"Funny." She smiled. "He was the one to suggest it."

Kace watched as the smile slid off of Liam's face. The table sat in silence.

He jumped when Jessica's hand slipped onto his thigh.

"Let's dance," she whispered.

His body jumped to life as if she's asked him to go to bed.

Without a word, he followed her across the floor.

Chapter Nine

Jessica slipped her hand into his big one and loved that she felt so small around him. Being taller in general hadn't led to much good for her, and it was nice to know she could feel small.

She relaxed into him when he pulled her closer. The music wasn't particularly fast, so they moved at their own pace. She wrapped her hands around his neck and pulled him down to her. When his mouth was even to hers, she brushed past and went to his ear.

"What was that with you and Finn?" she asked.

Kace shrugged and put his mouth to her ear. "Just letting him know where he stands."

Jessica narrowed her eyes a little. "Shouldn't I be doing that?"

Kace pulled back a little to look her in the eyes. She shuddered when he leaned forward. "Sometimes a man just has to put it out there and let people know what what's his," he said.

"What do you want out of this?" she whispered.

Kace spun her in his arms. His warm hand at her stomach, he pulled her back so she was flush with his body. She groaned at the feel of his hard length.

Jessica turned her head to look up at him. "Is that all you want?"

Kace brought his face down to her neck and nuzzled the sensitive skin behind her ear.

"No, but it's what I'd like to start with," he whispered. She shivered again.

Jessica rose up on her toes and kissed him lightly.

"Let's get out of here," she said.

She laughed when Kace wasted no time in pulling her from the dance floor back over to the table.

Meg smirked at her. "Good timing. Looks like you could both used a cold beer to cool off."

"Well actually," she started.

"So this is how you spend your f**king time?" Jessica turned to see a large man standing just a table's length away from Alyssa. Her hand trembled as she set down the beer she was holding in front of Finn.

Finn stood, his look just as deadly as his abilities. He turned to Alyssa.

"Is this man someone to you?" he asked.

When she started to tremble again, Jessica took her hand.

"He's my ex," she said quietly.

"Okay," he said quietly. His eyes filled with rage as he stared at the man. "Get out of my club."

Jessica gripped Alyssa when Kace and Liam moved in front of them. Ryder put his arm out and slid Irene behind his large body.

The large man laughed manically.

"This who you're f**king now?" He pointed to Finn. "Bet he doesn't know how you like it." Jessica's stomach rolled as he grabbed himself. "Now I'm only gonna say this one more time. Get over here."

Jessica wanted to hold her hand tighter but couldn't force Alyssa to stay. Her hand slipped out as she moved between Finn and Kace. She stopped just on the other side.

The little woman shook with fear. "I told you, we're done."

Finn stepped out a little further to stand at Alyssa's back, and she leaned against him.

"I think you heard her," Finn said.

"We'll see about that," the man said and reached forward. His hand grabbed her arm. Alyssa yelped in pain.

Before anyone could even react, Finn was on him. The loud crack as his fist made contact with the man's jaw made her ache.

Immediately, he released his hold of Alyssa, and Jessica shot forward to pull her back. She felt relief when Kace shadowed them back to the table. Shocked, the two watched the fight.

* * *

Kace cursed, this had escalated entirely too fast.

Finn moved back after breaking the man's jaw. "Don't you ever f**king touch her again."

The man laughed, his jaw at an odd angle. When he spoke, his speech was distorted.

"Look at that, big boss has it for innocent woman. Well let me tell you, she's not so innocent. Likes it when you're rough with her." He laughed when Alyssa started crying.

"Stop talking about her," Finn ground out. "Or I won't stop at your f**king jaw."

Kace wasn't surprised that Finn had won out for leadership. Seeing him in his glory, this was not a man that you took lightly.

He glanced over to Jessica and Alyssa. The poor woman stood shaking to the core while Jessica tried to comfort her.

"Whatever." The man spat out blood. "Her p**sy ain't that great. You can have her. Figure I used her pretty good already."

The man laughed as Ryder and Liam jumped in front of Finn.

He stood calmly behind them. Acid laced his voice. "One day, you and I are going to meet up. We'll see what you have to say then."

The man turned his ugly head as police flooded the room. Terrified customers fled from the club when the officers came in. Obviously someone had called. The police must have assumed the Russians had made their move.

Kace saw a few he knew and pointed to the other man.

"Arrest him," he said. "Assault, disturbing the peace, trespassing and for being a jackass."

They stood back as the team of men tackled the large man. It was almost like watching a giant fall. The man glared at Finn from the floor.

"You'll f**king pay for this," the man said.

Finn laughed. "You come and see me when you get out."

Kace watched as they pulled the man out of the club. Somehow, he knew this wasn't going to look good when he contacted Lt. Jackson, but what was he supposed to do?

* * *

"Allen!" He cringed when his superior officer came around the corner of the club. Somehow he knew this was coming. He had avoided calling in for some time, since he knew that it would be hard for him to lie about how he was feeling. The truth was, things weren't as cut and dry as he had been told.

"You want to tell me what they f**k is going on?" The burly black man glared menacingly at him, and he looked around. Nearly all eyes were on the two, likely looking for the next fight.

"Sir." He glanced at the back door. "Let's step out there." He leaned in a little closer. "I don't think some of these people can take much more yelling."

"Fine," Lt. Jackson said. He marched to the back door.

Kace found Jessica across the room and held up a finger. She nodded and sat with Alyssa at the bar.

When the door shut behind him, he could feel his future slipping between his fingers.

"What the hell is going on around here?" Lt. Jackson paced in front of him. The light from the sidewalk, fifteen feet away, cast an eerie glow. "Fights, not calling in, and I know you've been getting a little too close with that woman."

Kace sighed. "Aside from fending off attacks, I really don't have much to tell, sir."

"Bullshit." He stepped closer. "What about the woman?"

"She's a key part to this," he said. "You told me to stay with her."

"Stay with her, not f**k her," the man said.

Kace felt his blood boil. "All due respect, sir, who I f**k is none of you or anyone else's business."

He spun on his heels and walked to the door.

"Son," the older man said. "I just don't want to see you piss away what you've worked so hard for just for some woman. You keep that in mind."

Kace clamped his mouth shut and gave a curt nod before going inside.

He let out a sigh. Last thing they needed was to be dealing with this bullshit.

Looking up, he found Jessica and sighed. This was not how he had planned to spend the evening. She glanced up, and he smiled. Even in the worst situation, she still looked amazing. Kace groaned. He was fairly sure she would be worth pissing his career away.

* * *

Jessica and Meg had pulled the women to the bar as Dale and the limited staff closed things up. She was certain she would be getting more resignation calls in the morning.

She glanced over to the women. Irene and Alyssa just weren't made to handle this kind of stress. The two women sat very quietly. She wondered if there was something more that could be done.

"Here," Jessica said and placed shots in front of them. "I think we could all do with a whisky shot."

Without hesitation, Irene slammed back the drink. It was more than a little surprising to see her this way. Alyssa sipped the shot. Jessica and Meg glanced at one another. This was going to be much harder than either had expected.

Ryder stopped beside Irene. "I can take you home if you want."

She looked up at the other women but nodded. Irene stood and leaned across to give Jessica a hug.

"Be safe," she said.

Jessica nodded. "You too."

She watched as Irene trailed behind the hulking man.

Tired, she sat in the now vacated chair. A warm hand moved along her back, and she blinked her eyes open. She must have had dozed off for a moment.

"Let's get you home," Kace said next to her ear.

She smiled and looked at him from her folded arms. He looked just as tired as she felt and wondered if he was also having trouble.

"What about Meg and Alyssa?" she said, glancing around.

"Finn and Liam are going to take them home," he said.

Jessica gave a dry smile. "I'm sure Meg is thrilled."

Kace gave a chuckle. "Something like that." He slipped a hand to her side and guided her to stand.

They moved quietly through the main club to the entrance. There were still a few police lingering outside, and she smiled as several waved to Kace. It was obvious he was popular at the station. No surprise though. He seemed like the kind of guy that would always say yes, even when he had more than enough reason to say no.

She snuggled into the car after he shut the door.

Jessica yawned heavily as they drove to her house. She wanted to keep her eyes open but just couldn't seem to do it for much longer. She jumped when the car came to a stop.

Her heart jumped a little when he got out and came to her side of the car. She climbed out and stood in front of him.

"Just sleep," he said quietly.

She blushed and nodded. He held her hand as she climbed the stairs to the house. When they got to the top, she frowned.

"That's weird," she said.

She jumped when Kace peered around her.

He placed an arm around her and pulled her back. When he was in front, Kace pulled his gun from the holster.

"Stay here," he said.

She placed a hand on his arm. "What if they are out here?"

He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.

"Okay, follow me, but stay quiet and at the first sign of trouble, you run."

Jessica nodded.

Kace silently pushed open the door and moved into the house. Figuring lights were better than nothing, he flipped them on. Nothing seemed out of place. As they moved to the living room, they noticed the note taped to the mirror over the fireplace.

He went over and pulled it down.

"They aren't very creative," Jessica said from behind him.

"They don't really need to be," he said.

The message was clear and direct: quit working at the bar or pay the price. He scratched his chin a little as he tried to piece the whole thing together. It just didn't make sense. Why try to run off the business if this was just revenge? That wasn't really how the Russians operated.

He sighed. This shit wasn't going to get sorted at this hour. They were both exhausted and in need of a decent night's sleep.

"Go pack a bag. I'm going to make a few calls."

He pulled out his phone but stopped when she looked like she wanted to disagree. Kace put his hands on her shoulders.

"It's late. We've both beat, and what we need is to rest." He brushed some hair from her face.

Jessica nodded and went up the steps. When she was out of sight, he placed a call to Liam.

"We've got a problem," he said quietly. "When Jessica got home, there was a note taped inside the house. It was a warning."

He waited as Liam explained the situation to Finn.

"We're on our way. You staying?"

"I've got her packing a bag. I'm going to call Ryder, so he can pass on to her sister to just stay put for a few days." He cleared his throat as she came back down. "So we're leaving. Let me know what you find."

"Will do, but this all seems so out of the norm for the Russians," Liam said.

He looked over to Jessica. "I was thinking the same thing."

He hung up and called Ryder. "Is Irene still with you?"

"Yes," he said stiffly.

"Tell her to keep Victoria for a few days. Their place was broken into, and the Russians left a warning."

"I will," Ryder said.

When he hung up his phone, she was staring at him.

"A few days?"

Kace nodded. "Just in case. Better to be safe than sorry."

Jessica sighed, and he knew he had won.

"Well, let's go then," she said.

Chapter Ten

When they arrived at Kace's house, it was so very different than what she would expect from a cop. The old Victorian just didn't seem to put off the macho feel that she always got from him. It was only when they stepped in that she really felt the macho air.

All the wood had a dark finish but didn't really bring down the overall feel. She set her bag on the oversized couch and snickered a little at the abundance of electronic equipment.

"Can I get you anything?" Kace asked. "A drink, something to eat?" He came around to stand in the doorway to the kitchen.

Jessica licked her lips. What she could really use was another shot, but it likely wouldn't be a good idea.

"Water would be good," she said and followed him into the kitchen. "Nice," she said, looking around.

He smiled brightly as he handed her a bottle of water.

"Thanks," he said. "Did it all myself."

She let out a low whistle. "It's great work. Do you cook?"

He looked to the side and seemed a little embarrassed. "I do. How about you?"

Jessica laughed. "Not unless you count boxed mac and cheese."

Kace wrinkled his nose. "How about you let me make dinner sometime?"

Her heart jumped in her chest.

"I'd like that." She smiled.

She stared at him for a moment across the island. Something about him pulled her, and despite the situation, she felt herself drawn to him.

Kace cleared his throat as she continued to stare.

"How about some popcorn and a movie?" he asked and then glanced at the clock on the wall. "Unless you'd like to just go to bed."

Jessica yawned. "I think a movie would be a good way to wind down."

"Great," he said. "Make yourself at home, and I'll get the popcorn."

Jessica glanced into the living room and spotted the bathroom down the hall. Right now, all she could think was to get out of her heels and slip on something more comfortable.

Kace nearly choked on his drink when he came in the room. She was curled up on the couch. She had changed to a slinky red shorts and tank combo.

He grabbed a blanket from the closet and tossed it to her.

"In case you get cold," he said and cursed himself.

He wanted her to cover up, but only because it was driving him crazy. Not because he didn't want to look.

After placing the popcorn between them, Kace sat on the other side of the couch.

"Have any preference what we watch?"

Jessica shook her head and nibbled quietly on the popcorn. When he picked an action movie, she moved the popcorn to the table and moved to his side. Surprised, he lifted his arm, and she snuggled into his side.

"I just," she sighed in to his arm. "Just hold me."

Slowly, he relaxed with her in his arms and enjoyed the feel of her curves next to him.

She twisted and rested her cheek on his chest. Kace looked down. She was staring up at him.

"You think they'll come back?" she said quietly.

"They will," he said. She sat up slightly to look at him. "The Russians mean business."

She shivered. He pulled her closer.

"Have you thought about doing something else?" he asked.

Jessica gave a sad smile and shook her head. "What else would I do? I didn't go to college, and I've got Victoria's school to pay for. Finn pays me well. More than I could make anywhere else."

Kace frowned. "He's trouble."

Jessica laughed.

"If you hadn't noticed, you're trouble too," she said and laughed harder when he frowned.

"I'm not trouble," he said and turned away.

Her small hand cupped his cheek and turned his head back to look at her.

"Oh you are absolutely trouble," she said. Her finger brushed his lower lip, and she focused on his mouth.

"I thought you were tired," he said.

She shrugged, and he felt his body come to life.

"I think you're the one that's trouble," he growled and pulled her to him.

When their mouths met, he took her in a powerful kiss.

He groaned when she moved her body and straddled his legs. His hand skimmed up the back of her legs and cupped her ass. The satin fabric skated easily over her skin as he kneaded the flesh under his palms.

Jessica pulled back from the kiss and groaned his name. Eagerly, he moved his mouth to her ear and along her neck. He sucked and licked along her soft skin.

He jumped when she settled her warm heat over his aching c*ck and rocked against him.

His hands moved to her h*ps to still her movement. He chuckled when she huffed her irritation. Kace moved his lips to her ear.

"I'm not going to last if you do that," he said. "I've been dreaming about this for far too long."

Kace lifted her off and stood abruptly. He switched the TV off and went through the room turning off lights, leaving only a small wall lamp on.

"What are you doing?" Jessica asked.

Kace turned and pinned her with a hot stare. "I'm taking you to bed."

Jessica shivered at his controlling voice. She laughed when he pulled her hand, and she followed him up the stairs. They walked past several doors, and she wondered what the rest of the house looked like. When they reached the end of the hall, they stopped. Kace opened the door and pulled her through.

Like other parts, the room was filled with rich colors, and she was surprised to find he had a bathroom off the room.

She took a shaky breath when he lifted his shirt and threw it on the floor. She stared at the muscles rippling in front of her and licked her lips.

Slowly, he made his way to where she was, stalking her as she pressed her back against the cool wooden door. Jessica took in shallow breaths as pressed into her, her body responding almost instantly.

Kace traced the vee of her shirt, his finger dipping slightly below the line.

"I like this outfit," he said and popped the first button.

Jessica put her hands on his shoulders to steady herself. The muscles under her fingers rippled as he continued to move. She watched silently as he popped another button.

Kace stopped and look at her. She nearly choked on the laugh that bubbled up.

"You're not wearing a bra," he said. "Fuck."

He rasped his mouth along her neck, and she relished the feel of him. His hands fumbled with the rest of the buttons, and she sighed when the shirt was finally open.

When his mouth found her hard n**ples, she cried out. Without evening meaning, she began grinding against him. Kace groaned against her breast, the vibration causing a whole new feeling.

Jessica slid her hand down his chest until she came to the large bulge in his pants. Without hesitation, she moved her hand over his length. When he moaned, she slid her hand to his zipper.

She slipped the button out and moved the zipper down slowly. Kace had moved his mouth away from her breast and was pinching the peaks. His breath was heavy as she slid down his pants.

The boxer briefs he was wearing barely contained him, and when she pushed them down, his c*ck sprang out. Taking her time, she reached around and grabbed his ass. On more than one occasion, she had thought about gripping it as he pounded into her.

She moved her hands back to the front and around his hard member.

Kace groaned in frustration. She stopped and moved him back slightly. When she dropped to her knees, Kace tried to pull away.

"If you do that, I won't..." He stopped mid-sentence as she stroked the length of him.

Not giving him a chance to back away, Jessica ran her mouth along the side and then back to the tip. She slipped her tongue along the slit and licked off the droplets there.

"Fuck," he said. His fingers threaded through her hair, and she smiled.

Gripping him at the base, Jessica pulled him in her mouth a few times, too shallow to really get him going. The fingers at her head clenched and relaxed. She knew he was trying to hold on to that last shred of control.

Without warning, she pulled him into her mouth as far as she could go. She gagged a little when he hit the back of her throat. Jessica pulled back and marveled at how much she hadn't been able to get. She pushed thoughts of how he would fit out of her mind and bobbed her head over him, using her tongue and hands to make sure he was stroked all over.

This time when Kace groaned, she could feel him push to pick up the pace. The faster he went, the more she knew he was close to coming. Jessica moved her hand and made one push to get him even further in her mouth. He slipped further and let out a string of cursing.

She jumped when he pulled back completely and lifted her up with ease. The next moment her back was on the bed, and he was yanking off her shorts.

"I thought you were going to..."

"I want to be in you," he said. "But first I need a taste." The gravel in his voice made her ache for him.

Kace dropped to his knees. She jumped when he stroked his tongue through her swollen lips and circled the tip against her clit. He repeated the action, but this time nipped it with his teeth first.

Jessica cried out. Never had she been so close so quickly.

Kace gripped her h*ps and pushed so her knees were nearly in her face. Her face got hot at being so exposed to him. She watched as his eyes burned into her. Slowly, he lowered his face, keeping his eyes fixed on her.

She moaned when he speared her with his tongue, f**king her until she felt her muscles tighten, right at the cliff of an orgasm. Kace moved his tongue to her cl*t again, and when he bit down, two fingers slipped deep into her.

Jessica gripped the bed as the intense orgasm ripped through her body. She could feel her muscle contracting around his fingers.

She lay exhausted on the sheets when he slipped his fingers out of her.

He moved away, and she slowly sat up to watch as he stripped the rest of his clothes off. Kace went to the drawer across the room and pulled out a box of condoms. She wondered how often he did things like this but kept quiet. At this moment, it really didn't matter.

He sat the box next to the bed and climbed in beside her. They lay quietly for a moment, just listening to the other breathe.

"We don't have to," Kace started after a moment.

Jessica smiled. She placed her head on his chest and hand on his stomach.

"Are you trying to get out?" she asked innocently.

Her hand snaked down his body, and his breathing became more labored.

"You know I'm not," he said gruffly.

Jessica laughed and looked up to him.

"Well then shut up and f**k me." Jessica gripped his length and gave a few strokes.

Kace growled and rolled so that he was on top, his face close to hers.

"Why do you like to push me like that?" His h*ps were firmly planted between her legs. She could feel his c*ck resting against her slick lips.

She wrapped her legs around him and rubbed her slick p**sy along his ridged cock.

Kace groaned.

"Because I like the response I get," she whispered.

His h*ps moved against hers, the slick heat building between them. Kace stopped and leaned over her to rip into the box. She heard the tear of foil, and then, his head probed her opening.

Jessica moved back slightly in panic. He stared at her with worry.

"I, uh," she stammered. "It's been a while," she said quietly.

Kace stared at her, clearly not understanding.

She blushed. "And, uh, you're not on the small size."

Kace laughed. "Thanks."

Jessica playfully smacked his arm. "You know what I'm saying right?"

All playfulness was gone. He leaned down and gave her a soulful kiss.

"I understand," he said. "I'm not that guy."

Jessica froze. "What guy?"

Kace planted gentle kisses along her face. "The one who hurt you," he whispered.

Jessica stared up at him. He was right. Kace was different from her ex and just about any other guy she dated. For one, he took the time to make sure she got off.

She took his face in her hands and pulled him in for another kiss, this one filled with so much more than she could put into words at that moment.

Kace groaned against her mouth when she slipped a hand between them and guided him to her opening. He pushed his way into her, never going more an inch at a time.

Jessica panted at the intense feeling he created in her and how full she was from him.

He pushed in further, and she moaned as he rubbed a spot deep inside. When he froze, she groaned in frustration. Wrapping her legs around him, she pulled him to her.

"Jessica, don't think." He stared. "Fuck," he shouted when she had fully inside her.

Jessica rolled her h*ps to decide if she could deal with him being fully in. The head pushed against her cervix, and she shuddered at the feeling. When she did it again, it was Kace who shuddered.

"I can't hold off much longer," he panted. "Tell me I can move, Jess."

Jessica put her lips to his ear. "Fuck me, Kace," she whispered.

His fingers bit into her h*ps as he sat up and pulled her with him. On his knees, he could see just how beautiful she really was. Lips and face flushed with hunger, her hair a black halo around her face. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.

Slowly, he moved in and out, taking long strokes in order to bump her cl*t as he moved into her. Jessica moved hard against him, forcing him to slap against her as he entered. Kace could feel himself slipping.

He leaned over in hopes of slowing it down, but Jessica took the chance to scrape her nails along his chest. When she gripped his ass again, he couldn't have stopped even if he wanted.

She held on to him as he slammed into her as fast as his body could move. His abs burned and legs ached as he pushed to the peak. Her increase in breathing only pushed him faster.

Kace moved back to his knees and gripped her thighs. From here he could see his dick slip in and out of her. He glanced back to Jessica and groaned when she pinched and rolled her n**ples in her fingers.

"Come for me, baby," he said, his own release so close.

She slipped a hand down between them. He watched her fingers feel as he f**ked her, her slick juices coating her fingers. She cried out when she ground her thumb into her clit. Her muscles squeezed him so hard it caused his own release.

Kace pushed in one last time and shouted as he came.

Chapter Eleven

Jessica lay on his chest, her hand tracing invisible patterns and just enjoying the feel of him. They had more than moved to the next level. She felt something for him that she hadn't before, and it both terrified her and gave her hope.

"So," she said after some time. "That was amazing."

She felt the rumble from his chest as he laughed.

"Glad I wasn't the only one," he said. His hand trailed along her back, and she smiled.

She sat up and looked at him. "So what happens now?"

Kace pulled her in for a gentle kiss. "Now we go to sleep."

Jessica rolled her eyes. "I mean, where do we go from here?"

Kace sat up and pulled her with him as he leaned against his headboard.

"I like you," he said. "But this is all new to me. The few women I've had in my life weren't special, and most didn't stick around for long. I want long term with you."

She was stunned by his revelation. Jessica expected that he'd make this far more difficult than it needed to be.

She leaned in and kissed him hard. When she pulled away, her lips were swollen and red.

"I like you too," she said.

She smiled at him.

"So we just take it one day at a time," he said. Kace grinned. "I think we're going to have to have lots of sex though. Just to be sure we're compatible."

Jessica giggled and tried to slip away. "I think we already know the answer to that question."

She shrieked when he yanked her back to him and sat her on his lap. Jessica squirmed to get off but stopped when she felt his hard length grind against her.

Jessica moaned and looked to him. "Maybe we should, just to make sure."

Kace winked and pulled her further into him.

* * *

Jessica woke up and stretched. She smiled at the ache she felt between her legs. Last night had been amazing. For the first time, she had an orgasm that she didn't have to either do herself or work hard for.

The real surprise was Kace. Not only did he take care of her needs, he went far beyond that. Afterward, he held her close to him and stroked the skin that was exposed to him. She loved it and was very close to falling for him completely.

She shook her head and pushed out any negative thoughts. This was good, and she was going to see where things went, even if the Russians were beating down their door.

Jessica sighed and sat up in bed. His side was empty, but she could hear him moving in the kitchen. The aroma of coffee drifted into the room, and her stomach rumbled. A girl could get used to this.

She climbed out of bed and found the clothes from yesterday. Not worrying about her hair or face, Jessica quickly used the bathroom and made her way down the stairs.

The house was lovely. He had spent a lot of time caring for it and bringing it back to what it once was. She glanced out the window and loved that the nearest neighbor was a bit away and blocked by some tall trees. She looked around and sighed. It really was the perfect house.

Jessica followed the smell of coffee until she was standing in the kitchen doorway. Kace stood in a pair of sweats and no shirt, frying ham and watching eggs poach. She grinned. It really didn't get any better than this.

"Are you going to stand there and watch or have a cup of coffee?" Kace said while still facing the stove.

Jessica grinned. "Busted."

Kace glanced at her over his shoulder and winked.

Jessica moved into the kitchen and noticed the empty mug next to the pot.

"Didn't know what you like in it, so I got a bunch of creamers," Kace said.

She opened the fridge and had to stop her laugh. Seven different kinds confronted her. She pulled out the hazelnut.

"When did you have time to go?" She poured her coffee and creamer.

Kace deposited some ham on a plate.

"I've been up for hours. Had my run and just stopped by the store on my way home."

Jessica took a sip and hummed her gratitude. "That must have been quite the run."

He shrugged. "Only eight miles today since I got such a good workout last night."

Jessica blushed at his grin.

"Are you hungry?"

She nodded and snagged a piece of ham from the plate.

"What are you making?"

Kace grinned. "Eggs benedict."

She nearly dropped the ham in her hand.

"You're making what?" She paused by the stove.

"Eggs benedict," he said warily. "Don't tell me you don't like it."

"More like, I've never had it anywhere but a restaurant," she said.

Kace grinned. "Well, mine puts all the others to shame."

Jessica grinned and snatched up the plate. "I'd believe that." She winked.

She laughed when she heard him groan.

Kace sat across from her, stunned at how much she had been able to put away. Never had he seen a woman put away so much food. Apparently, they'd burned off more calories than even he realized the night before.

"I think I'm going to take a shower," she said.

He nodded and stood to clear away the dishes.

"Use the master bath. It has the best system."

Jessica nodded and gave him a smile. "Thanks for breakfast. I think it might be the best I've ever had."

Kace puffed up. The way she said it made him feel like she was commenting on something else.

He watched her leave and head upstairs.

Kace pulled out his phone and called Liam for an update.

"Yeah," Liam answered.

Kace chuckled.

"Did you find anything at the house?"

"Nothing," Liam said. "But things are moving at a faster pace than Finn expected. We're having a meeting here with Reed at about two to go over things. You should bring her."

"What about Alyssa?"

Liam snorted. "Finn still doesn't trust her, but he's got her at a hotel. I'm here now guarding her."

"Jesus, Liam, she can't hear you can she?" Kace gripped the phone. They all really liked Liam, but he wasn't one to mince words.

There was silence on the other end. "Better she know than not."

"You know you're a real dick right?"

"Kace?" Jessica called from upstairs.

He walked into the hall and took the stairs two at a time.

"Tell them we'll be there at two," he said and stopped at the door to the bedroom.

Kace pushed open the door. Inside, Jessica was wrapped in a towel.

"I need some help with something," she said.

His mouth went dry when she dropped the towel and ran her hands over her body.

"You're all out of washcloths, and I need something to wash with," she said and walked back into the bathroom.

Kace put his mouth to the phone. "I need to go be a washcloth."

"You what?"

"We'll see you at two." He clicked off the phone and tossed it onto the bed.

Kace stripped out of his clothes and climbed into the shower.

"You sure know how to get someone off the phone," he said and wrapped his arms around her.

Jessica laughed. "Just doing what I have to."

He sighed as her slippery body turned in his arms to look at him.

"Something going on today?" The water cascaded down her pale skin.

Kace reached around her and grabbed out some gel.

"A meeting at the club later," he said.

The soap lathered easily in his hands, and he set to work soaping her up.

Jessica moaned as his hands moved over her body under the warm spray.

When he reached the knots at her back, she sighed into him. His powerful fingers kneaded and worked the flesh there until she could hardly stand.

Jessica took the gel off the shelf and lathered her own hands. She started with the hard muscles of his chest. Her fingers skimmed his n**ples, and he groaned. She went over his shoulders and wound her hands around his neck. Her br**sts rubbed against his slick skin, and she sighed at the sensation.

"Yes," Kace groaned and gripped her ass.

She continued her washing. Her hands slipped down to his side and under his arms. The muscles at his side jumped and twitched as she slid them around. She moved them to his ass and skimmed the top.

Her body moved forward, and she bumped into his throbbing member. She slid her hands back around and gripped him in her hand.

"Looks like we missed a few spots," she said. Her other hand slipped down to rub her throbbing clit.

"Fuck," he said when he looked down. Kace lifted her leg up and held on to it. She was completely exposed to him. "Show me how you rub your p**sy." His deep rumble pushed her closer to the edge.

Jessica rubbed harder and moved her hand faster over him, gripping him as he watched. She throbbed with the need for release. Not bothering to wait, she pushed her fingers deep inside and came around them.

Kace groaned loudly and shot his cum onto her belly. They both panted to catch their breath.

He lowered her leg and leaned in to put his forehead against hers.

"I never really know what to expect from you," he said.

Jessica grinned. "Me either."

They rinsed off, and Jessica enjoyed the fact that she didn't have to rush out before the water turned to ice. It was nice to have someone to spend time with. Aside from her sister and Mrs. Masing, thing were pretty solitary for her.

It had been years since she was last with a man and that didn't last more than a day or two. It was sad to think that the longest relationship she had was the one that left her emotionally scarred.

They flipped off the water and toweled off. She sneaked peeks as he wiped off the water, the muscles shifting as he moved around to reach different parts. She just loved the way they bunched and stretched.

Kace looked over to her as he bent to towel off his legs.

"You'd better stop, or I'm going to have to take you to the bed and have my way with you again."

Jessica blushed but kept her eyes fixed on him.

Kace dropped the towel on the floor and grinned as he stood up.

"Back to bed it is," he said and moved forward.

Jessica shrieked and ran to the other side of the bed.

"I thought we had somewhere to be," she laughed, ready to dodge any attacks from him.

Kace stood on the other side, his eyes glued to hers as she moved back and forth.

"We've got time," he said and lunged across the bed.

Jessica laughed and leapt out of reach. She ran to the front of the bed but didn't get far before large arms circled her and tossed her to the bed.

"Now let me show you what we do with girls who can't behave." He grinned.

Chapter Twelve

Jessica shifted on the couch in her office and stifled a groan. It was nice being sore for all the right reasons, but she having a hard time sitting still when every time she shifted she was reminded of them together. It didn't help that he had placed his hand on her knee and would gently rub his thumb over her jeans from time to time.

She would have been irritated with him if she wasn't certain he did it all subconsciously. It was hard to be upset when it was such a sweet move.

"Well," Finn stepped in and shut the door behind him, "it looks like we're all here finally."

She looked over to Meg, glad to see another friendly face. Most everyone had given them a wide berth as they came in, and she was fairly certain Liam was the one Kace had been on the phone with that morning. If his occasional smirk meant anything, he had a good idea what they had been up to. Jessica blushed.

Finn sat on her desk. She cringed. He would mess up her system, and she'd have to re-file everything. She took a deep breath when Liam leaned on her filing cabinet near her desk. Reed and Ryder had moved her chairs off to the side, and Meg had positioned herself on the edge of the couch next to her.

"So first things first." Finn turned to Kace. "We need to know where you stand. Things are starting to heat up, and if you can't handle it, we need to know now. I can't be watching over my shoulder for both you and the Russians."

Jessica was surprised when Kace shook his head. "It's personal," he said and squeezed her knee. "I'm in."

"What are you going to tell your boss?" Liam said skeptically.

Jessica stared at him. Making this sort of decision didn't come lightly, and she was certain he would be put in the position where he'd have to choose the law or his conscience.

"I'll tell him only what I have to," he said calmly. "Sometimes we need people who do good on the other side of the law, right?"

Liam's mouth twitched. He gave a curt nod.

"Good," Finn continued. "So let's get down to business. Meg."

Meg shifted and Jessica looked over to her. "The UK boys are very close." Liam snorted and she stopped to glare at him. "They have tracked it down to an account."

"Oh that's great," Jessica said.

Meg shook her head. "Actually, now the really hard part kicks in," she said. "Once they touch the account, they'll know someone is onto them. Best bet now is to track spending on the account and hope it will lead us to the people behind all this. Whoever is doing this is good, and tracking them isn't easy."

"So we leave that to you then," Finn said. "Keep me updated if anything comes up. Reed."

"Almost positive that the break-ins are an inside job," he said.

Finn looked over to her and raised a brow.

"What makes you say that?" Jessica asked.

"Well the pattern of it," he said. "Most seem to happen when you're not supposed to be around or have a change in routine."

"Also, the way they are getting in," Ryder said. "The window keeps finding its way open. It has to be an inside job."

Jessica turned to Finn. "Is there a possibility it's someone else?"

Finn scratched his face. "Yes," he said. "But I still get a feeling about Alyssa."

Kace squeezed her knee and piped in. "What about the chance that it's more than just an inside job? I've heard some talk that your move to head of the family wasn't seen as a good thing by all, and some have been less than happy with the recent changes."

She watched as Finn stared hard at Kace. She wasn't sure if he was pissed that it had been brought up or that he didn't think of it sooner. Finn looked to Liam, who nodded. He sighed when he looked back to Kace.

"We had thought of that," he said. "It all seems a little to planned, like they wanted us to fail over everything else."

"Not really the way the Russians work," Ryder said.

Finn nodded. "Exactly. We were hoping that Meg would find a trail to the person behind all this on our side of things."

"I'll keep that in mind," Meg said.

"What will you do when you find them?" Kace asked. She watched as Kace eyed Finn.

Finn kept his eyes fixed on Kace. "It's a family issue. We'll deal with it internally."

"Just remember, if I don't see it, I can't report it," Kace said. The two stared hard at one another for a moment before Finn nodded.

"Noted," he said.

"What about the rumor?" Kace asked. "Did it take?"

Finn nodded. "So word on the street is that we already know who it is. Even though the guy behind this might know the truth, the people buying the stolen liquor don't and really don't want to piss me off. So for now, it looks like we'll be able to avoid any more break-ins."

Finn stood and paced the office. "I've been hard at work with a few men on this. Viktor has a number of contacts in the area. If I can close them down, this will limit where he has to turn."

Jessica turned to Kace when he shifted next to her. "And how are you closing those connections?"

Finn gave a wicked grin. "In whatever way I have to."

She shivered and knew that some of those ways weren't him going and asking nicely.

Reed groaned. "This is not going to go well."

Kace jumped up and startled her. "So you've forced them into a war?"

Finn slammed his hands against the desk. "What do you want me to do? They have been kidnapping and smuggling people. We aren't left with many options, but if we let them continue on, this town isn't going to be worth saving."

"Do you know something we don't?" Reed asked calmly from the side.

As Finn and Kace continued to glare at one another, Jessica slipped her hand into his. Kace sat back down next to her, stiff with anger.

Finn continued to stare at Kace as he spoke.

"We intercepted a call," he said darkly. "Viktor has sent for help back home. They are sending Boris Klokov."

"Shit," Kace said.

Jessica watched, confused, as nearly all the faces in the room turned grave.

"Who is Boris Klokov?" She turned to Kace.

"The brother of Stefano Klokov," he said.

"Well that clears it all up," she said, rolling her eyes.

"Boris is ruthless," Finn continued. "He's known for his tattoos, and each of them tells the story of his kills. Marks he's proud to hold."

"He's not just methodical," Kace elaborated. "Boris takes pleasure in his torture and has been known to make it last, even going to the point of patching someone up just to torture them longer."

Jessica felt the bile rise up in her stomach.

"When is he coming?" she whispered.

"From what we understand," Finn said. "We've got some time, but it won't be long. The good thing is that this is a black mark for Viktor, so he'll be looking forward to getting this taken care of before Boris gets to town."

"So this will all happen soon." Kace frowned.

"What should I be doing?" Jessica looked around the room as all eyes fell on her. Kace stiffened next to her, and his hand tightened on her knee. She knew he wouldn't like this, but he was just going to have to deal.

She hated feeling so useless and right now, and that's what she was. There had to be something that she could do in order to help out.

"You need to watch the staff," Finn said. "Make sure that people are doing what they are supposed to, and watch out for trouble. Last thing I want is for you to get hurt again." He scanned the room. "Or anyone else for that matter."

"What about my sister and the letter? What am I supposed to do about my house?"

Kace let out a sigh that sounded distinctly like frustration, and she knew he was really starting to get heated over what she was asking.

"Ryder has been on watch at the shop for anything suspicious. We really don't expect that they will go after her, but it's better to be safe," Finn said and winked over at Ryder. "Besides, I don't think we could force him from his position."

Jessica looked over to Ryder, just in time to see him give the finger to Finn. He turned his scarred face away and grumbled at the wall.

"As for your house, it should be fine." He leaned forward. "I'll stop in and check on Mrs. Masing."

She felt Kace tense even more. Jessica laughed at Finn.

"I don't think she would be very appreciative of that." She grinned.

"I'll have the station do a few runs a night on the street," Kace said and relaxed next to her. "I have friend that might be able to stop by and check on her when he's not on assignment."

Jessica nodded and smiled to him. "Tell him to bring some groceries and make up a story about it. Mainly meat would be best. She's on a limited budget and too proud to ask for help."

Kace patted her hand and smiled. "I'll tell him," he said quietly.

She smiled. It was nice to have someone else to share the responsibility with.

"So that should about wrap it up," Finn said to the group.

Jessica turned to Meg, but she was already on the phone. She pulled out her own phone and scrolled through the text. Her sister was blowing up her phone.

"I'm just going to go in the main room and call Victoria back," she said.

Kace nodded at her, and she slipped out the door.

"A word," Finn said to Kace.

People slowly made their way out of the office, and after a few moments, the room was clear. Kace walked over to the desk and stood in front.

"If this is about my job," he said. "I choose Jessica."

Finn held up a hand and looked around the room.

"Jessica's father has been asking about her," he said.

Kace's blood ran cold. If he wanted to talk to her, it meant that the Russians had already gotten to him. Or someone else.

"How do you know this?" he said quietly, looking over his shoulder.

"I've got a guy that hears things," Finn said. "Word is that he wants to get a hold of her."

Kace's muscles clenched as he thought about her having to see that piece of shit.

"For what?" Kace rubbed the stubble on his chin.

"Your guess is as good as mine." Finn shrugged. "You going to tell her?"

Kace paused and then nodded. "I have to. I'll wait until tonight." He walked to the door and searched until he found her, laughing in the corner as she talked on the phone.

"This is going to be hard on her," Finn said from behind him.

As much as Kace wanted to hate him for knowing her so well, Finn was right. This was going to be tough. Ando Tamm was not a man to f**k with, and if he was looking to rekindle his relationship with his daughter, it was because she was useful to him somehow.

He'd never met the bastard, but his file was clear enough. Drugs, theft, armed robbery. The man knew no shame and had been in all walks of the criminal world. No murders that they could pin on him, but Kace wasn't putting it past the man. Ando was one of those guys that was very good at his job but not so great about cleaning up.

With Ando involved in all this, it didn't bode well for Jessica. Something he wasn't going to allow. If this prick wanted to see her, he was going to have to get through Kace first.

"We'll deal," he said to Finn and strolled over to her.

Jessica sighed as she hung up the phone. Her sister seemed to be holding it together better than she would have thought, but then she never did give Victoria enough credit. For all the shit they had been through, she weathered it just the same as Jessica despite being a number of years younger.

Things were quiet over at the shop, and she was glad to hear it. If she could keep all of this away from her, that would be ideal. Victoria's schooling was why Jessica worked so hard. It wouldn't be good if she got side-tracked because of this crap.

A prickling sensation spread through her. When she looked up, she found Kace staring intently at her with Finn across the club at the door of her office. His eyes stalked her and when he moved her way, her heart raced. Just being near him set her on fire, and she ached to be with him again.

Jessica cleared her throat and glanced around the room. Several watched him with interest, and she knew it wasn't just her who saw this change in him. Kace had claimed her body and was very close to claiming her heart.

He backed her into a dark corner of the room and wrapped her in his arms.

"I think we should get out of here and go back to bed," he said quietly in her ear. She felt the pulse beat there as his rumble send waves to her clit. "I've got something I want to show you."

She gasped when he bumped her with his growing erection.

"Stow it," Reed said, and she jumped away from Kace. "If you don't show up for dinner tonight, Mom's just going to stop by later."

Kace groaned, and she looked between the two.

"Dinner?" she asked.

Kace looked her in the eye and winced. "Tonight's dinner at my parents."

Jessica smiled and tried not to look disappointed. She had really been looking forward to more time with him since she was off.

"Oh well, why don't you just drop me off over at Irene's shop? I can catch dinner with them," she said and pulled her phone out of her pocket.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Kace took her phone from her hand and frowned.

Reed chuckled and walked toward the door. "See you there," he called.

Jessica frowned. These men made no sense.

"Tonight's dinner at my parents' house," he said. "A family dinner."

Jessica swallowed. "Right," she said. "So I'll just go to Irene's."

Kace chuckled when she sighed dramatically.

"Let me rephrase." He leaned in and kissed her lightly. "I'd like it if my girlfriend came with me."

Jessica sucked in a deep breath. "Girlfriend?"

Kace grinned. "Unless you'd rather I introduced you as my sex goddess."

Jessica rolled her eyes. "I didn't realize we were at the introducing stage already."

He shrugged. "Life is short."

When she stepped back, he grabbed her hand. "Listen, it's dinner. My mom is a great cook, and Olivia will be there."

Jessica perked up. It had been some time since she was able to see her last. With both of their jobs and life, they just never seemed to have the same time off.

He pulled her closer until his arms wrapped around her.

"I say girlfriend because that's what you are." She opened her mouth to object, but he kept going. "I don't date causally. You're it, and I'm pretty sure I'm it for you."

"I'm pretty sure you'd know if you weren't," she grumbled.

Kace chuckled and pulled her back to look into her face. She blushed as he started intently at her. "I don't go half way with things." The seriousness in his voice made her chest tighten. "I can wait for you to catch up, but don't ask me to not feel what I do. You make me feel more alive than I ever have, and I'm going to do whatever I need to make you feel it too."

The world went slightly fuzzy around her as she stared into his eyes. She was close to telling him how her feelings for him kept bubbling over but choked on the words as they hit her mouth. He was everything that she ever wanted in a man, but having him just seemed so unreal. She was always on the lookout for the other shoe to drop.

She looked into his hopeful eyes and felt her heart melt just a fraction. Maybe, over time, she would be able to say those words to him.

"Let's go eat dinner," she said quietly and followed him to the car.

He smiled and when it didn't reach the corner of his eyes, she knew her lack of words had hurt him. She ached to soothe his pain but couldn't bring herself to be open like that. Maybe someday, but for now, this would have to do.

Chapter Thirteen

Jessica walked in the warm house and looked around. It was just like she would expect a well-loved house to look like. Everything was clean but comfortable. There was a certain bit of old-world charm that she always loved in the older houses of the area.

When she looked around, she felt the air whoosh out of her lungs and her head spun. So many people in just about every corner of the house. The lack of women around was noticeable. The men were gathered in groups watching the latest game or huddled over a video game.

Kace squeezed her side as he guided her through the house to the sound of women laughing. As they rounded the corner to the kitchen, she spotted Olivia at the center of all the hustle in the kitchen. She stopped when Jessica came into view.

Olivia raced to her and crushed Jessica into a big hug.

"I'm so glad to see you," Olivia said, her tummy just starting to poke out.

"I'm sorry I haven't had a chance to see you," she said into Olivia's light brown hair.

Olivia pulled back and glanced to Kace. "Reed said you'd been busy." She raised a brow and winked when Jessica started to blush.

"Well, Kace," said a short woman with curly salt and pepper auburn hair. "Who's your friend?"

Kace took her hand and pulled her over to the older woman.

"This is Jessica, my goddess." He grinned at Jessica.

Without thinking, she swatted his hard stomach with her hand and laughed when the other woman did the same to his arm.

They looked at one another, then laughed.

"You'll do just fine," she said. "I'm Marilyn. Kace's mom."

Jessica smiled and took her hand. "Nice to meet you."

"Are you really a goddess?" A little blonde girl said to the side of her.

"Yes," Kace answered.

"No." Jessica turned to glare at him. "Don't listen to him. He's an idiot."

"Mom," the little girl shouted. "She said Uncle Kace is an idiot."

"Wouldn't be the first time he was called that," Marilyn mumbled.

"What's that, Mom?" Kace came behind her and wrapped his arms around Jessica's stomach.

His mother rolled her eyes. "You get that from your father."

"Get what from me?" A large man stood at the doorway to the living room, his dark hair similar to the other men in the house.

"That smart mouth of yours," Marilyn said.

"I thought you liked my smart mouth," the older man said and waggled his eyebrows.

"James," she shouted. "The children!"

"Are fully grown. They will live." He winked at Jessica, and she giggled.

Kace's arm tightened around her middle. She leaned back on his shoulder and looked up at him. He watched his father as he went back to picking on his wife. Jessica loved that his face softened when he final looked down at her.

He kissed the top of her head, and she felt a warm tingle where his lips had touched her.

"Gross! Now they're kissing," the little blonde girl shouted back to her mom.

"No, we weren't," Kace shouted back.

His mother cleared her throat and blushed.

"Gross," Kace hollered like the little girl. "They are kissing!"

Jessica snorted.

"Oh hush," his mother said. "Why don't you give her a tour of the house?"

"Show her the boat house," a blonde woman from the kitchen said. The baby in her arms stirred at the noise.

James choked on a laugh.

"Shut it, you," Olivia said from the kitchen.

Kace cleared his throat and ushered her along. "On that note, we'll take our tour."

"What's up with the boat house?" Jessica whispered.

Kace grinned. "That's about as far as Olivia and Reed got on their tour."

Jessica laughed. "I'd believe it."

She followed him upstairs and down the hall. The stopped outside the last door at the hall.

"First stop, my bedroom." He wiggled his eyebrows.

"Trying to carry on the tradition?" Jessica laughed.

Kace grinned when she opened the door.

He watched as she slowly walked around the room. She picked up a few track and field trophies he hadn't brought over to his house and flipped through a childhood book. His mother had insisted on keeping the room as it was. Her thought was that they would all have kids one day, and it would be nice to stay in their dad's old room.

When she stopped in front of a picture, he knew this was going to be a little harder than he expected.

"Your friends?" She held up the picture.

The smiling faces staring back were still hard to look at, even ten years later. He stood behind her and pointed over her shoulder.

"That's me, my cousin Johnny and Paul," he said.

He watched as she ran a thumb over his smiling face.

"You and your cousin look so much alike," she said. "Same blue eyes like your mom."

Kace smiled. She would notice that. "Cousin's on our mom's side. He stops in when he's on leave sometimes."

Jessica turned in his arms and grinned at him. "Ah, a man in a uniform."

Kace straightened up a little. "Hey, I wear a uniform."

"Not when it counts." She winked.

He frowned. "Behave, or I'm going to show you some of the other elements of my uniform."

Visions of her at his mercy, cuffed to the bed, flashed through his mind.

"And what about Paul? Those dimples and shiny blonde hair, I bet he broke a lot of hearts."

Kace laughed. "Paul had a way with people. His boyish looks were only part of it though. He was charming and just so great, you couldn't help like him."

Jessica placed her hand on his chest, her smile soft and coaxing.

"Had? What happened?" she said softly.

Kace sighed and sat down on the bed. He was surprised when she sat on his lap and laid her head on his shoulder.

"Paul was just amazing. There really was no one like him, and everyone knew it. So when he moved in the neighborhood, it made sense that we'd be friends with him. We were twelve then." Kace ran his hand absently in her hair concentrating on the feel of it. "Johnny's my age, so we quickly became inseparable. It just made sense."

He took a deep breath and tried to steady his nerves. It was rare he even talked about Paul was glad for the chance. Despite how hard it might be.

"Paul always said he wanted to go into the military and then be a cop like his dad. It was just who he was, and no one doubted he would. If someone had a problem, he was there to help," he said.

Jessica placed a hand on his cheek and soothed out the tension there.

"What happened?" She continued to stroke his neck and cheek as he talked.

"We were fifteen then. Still having to hoof it around on our bikes. Didn't really matter much to us, but Paul had responsibilities. On the weekend he'd babysit his sister for a few hours. His older brother took the morning hours, and he took the afternoon before his dad got home from work."

Kace closed his eyes.

"We rode downtown that day to play some basketball. The courts there were better than the ones near us. Johnny and I were squaring off for a match when Paul had to leave," he said and sighed. "On the ride home, Paul passed a college girl yelling for help near an alley."

He could hear Jessica gasp. It was clear what he was about to say.

"Paul did what he would do for anyone, he went to help." He opened his eyes and looked at Jessica. "The girl, Lisa, we found out later, said that if he hadn't come along, she didn't know what would have happened. Paul was able to get behind the guy and struggle for the knife, but he just wasn't big enough to take on the weight of a grown man. They fell to the ground, and the knife punctured his heart. The guy took off running just as Johnny and I came around the corner. Lisa called out for us to stop him. I ran to help her, and Johnny tackled the guy. By that point, other people had gathered, and some men helped hold him down until the police got there."

Kace sucked in a breath, and his lungs hurt from the constriction.

"His father was one of the first on scene," he said. "I'll never forget the sound of him crying for his dead son."

Jessica hugged him hard against her and smoothed the hair on the back of his head.

"He saved her, and I'm glad he saved her. Really," he said. "But there are days when I wish he would have just called out. Or ran into a store to get someone."

She kissed the side of his head as she continued to hold him.

"Sounds to me like he was truly a selfless person," she said. "Someone who deserves to be displayed and remembered."

She set the picture down on the nightstand and looked him in the eyes.

"I'm sure Lisa remembers her hero," she said quietly.

Kace sat quietly, thinking over her words. It hurt remembering that day. There was no doubt about that, but not talking about him, it was almost like he never existed.

"Is that why you went on to be a cop and Johnny went into the military?" Jessica broke into his thoughts.

"I don't think it was something that either of us planned on," he said. "After he died, I would visit with Paul's family. Johnny and I both did. I hated what it did to them as a family and wanted a way to make it better. Being a cop was just the right choice."

He shrugged.

"Now Trent, Paul's older brother, always planned to go in. When Paul died, he was nearly finished with college. He graduated and went in as an officer in the Navy and then on to be a SEAL. Now he leads his own platoon."

He shifted her off his lap and stood after she was on her feet. Kace stretched.

"And Johnny followed him in?"

Kace stopped mid-stretch. "Johnny and Trent were never the same after that day." He let out a hollow laugh. "I guess none of us were. But them most of all. Johnny closed himself off and would only let a few people in. He and Trent had a bond that I just couldn't understand. Maybe it was that they both lost people so close to them."

Jessica frowned. "But you all lost Paul. I can understand Trent, but Johnny was the same as you."

Kace shook his head. "When we were thirteen, Aunt Donna passed away from cancer. It was fast, and no one really had much time to prepare for it, least of all her children."

"Oh how terrible," Jessica said.

Kace nodded. "Mom tried to help. She used to point out what did four more matter when you already had six?"

Jessica chuckled. Put that way, it wasn't quite as crazy as it seemed.

"I don't know how much he had thought about the military before, but the summer after we graduated high school, Uncle Gary died from a heart attack." Kace sighed. It was a rough time during those years. It seemed everywhere they turned there was death. "After that, he just seemed to shut down. Everything was about going into the Navy and being a SEAL with Trent. Of course, it wasn't really a stretch. Aside from Mason, who works for Reed, the other two were already serving in the Marines."

"It's no wonder he shut down," Jessica said and looked to the picture. "Do you still see him?"

"Not as often as I used to," he said. "He'll pop in for a day or two, but he's always on his next mission. Off somewhere he can't talk about. Killing Osama's cousin or some shit like that."

Jessica put her small hand in his. "You worry."

Her tender words struck him to the core.

"Always," he said quietly. "He doesn't value his life, and I know he takes more risks than he has to. I've seen the scars."

She rubbed his arm. "Hopefully he'll find peace."

Kace nodded. He hoped so as well, or he might be going to another funeral.

Jessica laced her fingers with his. He liked the intimacy they shared.

"Is Trent's dad still a policeman?"

Kace shook his head. "Retired last year and driving his daughter Anna crazy."

He grinned. Anna was tough, but the last he had seen, she was ready to throttle her dad. College and dealing with a retired captain was pushing her patience to the limit.

"Dinner," his mom called down the hall.

"Yeah, quit whatever you're doing and come eat," Cage hollered down the hall.

"Cage!"

He chuckled when he turned to see Jessica's horrified look at the door.

"It's fine," he said. "Everyone knows the house has paper thin walls." He winked at her. "Cage knows firsthand."

Jessica grinned. "Maybe I should ask him about that," she said.

Kace laughed out loud. "I knew there was a reason I love you."

They froze.

Hands still locked, he could see her pulse pick up in her neck and cursed his poor timing. He hadn't meant to let it slip this way, but there it was, and there was nothing he could do.

"Ah, well," Jessica fumbled. "We should get to dinner."

His heart twisted as she slipped away from his grasp and into the hall. He had really hoped she might.

Kace took a few deep breaths and swallowed the lump in his throat. It didn't matter. He would just have to love her until she was ready.

Chapter Fourteen

Jessica sat uncomfortably next to Olivia. There were so many people. She didn't understand how they managed to run so many conversations at once without losing where they were. It didn't help that she was trying to avoid the elephant dropped between she and Kace.

He loved her.

She thought he might take it back or laugh it off, but, if anything, he seemed to be waiting. Her stomach twisted. Guilt ate at her. She was sure she felt it for him, but saying those words out loud just made her cringe.

It was too soon. They had just started something, and yet every time she thought about him saying it, her heart beat wildly in her chest.

Olivia nudged her side, and she jumped.

When she looked around, several people were staring at her.

"Jessica runs a club," Kace said to his mother.

She smiled at him, grateful for the save. Heat boiled between them, and she had to look away, so she could catch her breath.

Jessica looked back to Olivia who was eying her suspiciously.

"Do you have any siblings?" Marilyn went on. If she was aware of the tension on their side of the table, she hid it well.

"I have a sister," she said and smiled. "Victoria is going to school to be a grade school teacher."

The older woman smiled back.

"What about you?" Marilyn asked. "Do you like running the club?"

Jessica thought for a moment. "Well I like doing the finances," she said. "I'm not fond of the long hours to late nights, but there isn't much for someone who doesn't have a degree right now. It pays well at least."

"Have you thought about taking some classes?" Reed asked. She was surprised he would wade in.

"Right now, paying for Victoria's schooling has me nearing my limit," she said and shrugged. "Maybe when she's out."

"Speaking of the club," Olivia said with a smile. "How are things going?"

Kace squeezed her thigh, and Reed shot Jessica daggers over her friend's head.

She smiled. "Fine. A little crazy recently, but nothing I can't handle."

Kace chuckled next to her. She could practically see the steam coming off Reed.

Jessica cocked an eyebrow at him and turned her attention back to Olivia.

"So tell me all about the appointments for the baby," she said and rubbed her friend's growing belly.

Olivia beamed from ear to ear as she talked about hearing the heartbeat and watching the baby on the ultrasound monitor. A piece of her ached for happiness like Olivia and Reed shared. He placed his large hand on her stomach and began to rub.

Jessica smiled. It was nice.

She jumped when a chubby hand reached out from under the table to push away Reed's hand. For a split second, she thought she'd stepped into some sort of horror story.

"No touch, Uncle Reed." A sweet-faced child poked his head from under the table. Seconds later, another head popped up, but this one was a girl.

Both had large brown eyes. The little girl stared with interest at her, but the boy was fixed on Reed.

"Looks like you've got competition." She grinned at Reed.

"Mason, call off you attack son," Reed called down the table.

A tall man stood at the end of the table, his dark hair much like his cousins, the same clear blue eyes. He seemed tired, and if the dark circles under his eyes said anything, he hadn't slept well in some time.

"Sorry. Tommy, be nice." He smiled, and she couldn't help but smile back. "Sarah is taking acting classes, so I've got the kids."

Jessica watched as several people exchanged glances. No one seemed particularly upset she wasn't there. In fact, she was fairly certain she heard James whisper hallelujah and Cage laugh.

When she looked over, Marilyn was staring daggers at the two.

"That's no problem, dear." She shot a look over to Reed. "If you can't handle a three-year old, how are you going to handle a baby?"

Reed blushed and looked hopelessly between his mother and Olivia.

Everyone turned to Olivia when she started laughing. She pulled the little boy on to her lap. The sweet little girl made her way over to Jessica and scrambled to sit on her lap.

"I think those pregnancy hormones have made her crack," Cage said to Reed.

Olivia turned to Jessica and wiped her eyes. When she had calmed down, she winked at Jessica and then turned back to Reed.

"Well now seems like a good time to tell them," she said. She held up her left hand and giggled. "We're getting married after the baby is born."

Jessica reached over and hugged her friend, squishing the children between them. They all giggled when she pulled back.

"That's fantastic news," Jessica said to Reed and Olivia.

She watched as the happy couple embraced others in the family. The sweet little boy was back in his father's arms. He stopped to stand next to her.

"Lucy," he said to the little girl on her lap. "How about you come sit with Daddy?"

She shook her head and wrapped her arms around Jessica.

"I want to sit with Pocahontas," she said and ran her hands in Jessica's hair.

She heard Kace laugh loudly beside her.

"You think I look like Pocahontas?"

Jessica looked down at little Lucy as she nodded. She grinned at the sweet little girl.

"I think that's the best compliment I've ever had," she said. Jessica looked up to Mason and smiled. "We're good."

"You be a good girl," he said and went back to his seat at the end of the table.

Kace leaned over. "He looks like he could use a good sleep," he mumbled in her ear.

She nodded. In fact, the children looked like they were due for a good sleep.

Lucy snuggled further into her. Kace moved his chair next to hers and put the girl's legs on to his lap. She sighed and closed her eyes.

Jessica watched Lucy sleep peacefully on her lap and leaned on Kace. It was so nice to have someone to lean on. She sighed when his arm wrapped around her.

* * *

She felt a tug on her arms and jolted awake.

"It's okay, babe. Let Mom have Lucy," Kace said in her ear, his voice rough.

Her eyes blinked into focus, and she saw Marilyn's smiling face.

Jessica smiled back and passed over the sleeping girl.

"Sorry," she said.

Marilyn shook her head. "Glad they are getting some sleep."

She nodded over to where Mason was sleeping on the chair in the corner. His head lulled to the side, and he breathed heavily.

"Would you help me get her in bed?"

Jessica stood and stretched. When she turned to Kace, he was standing quietly behind her.

"I'm just going to get something," he said quietly.

Jessica nodded and followed after Marilyn to a bedroom on the first floor. Tommy was curled up under the covers. She chuckled at how cute he looked, even when he wasn't threatening burly men.

She pulled back the covers and moved out of the way as Marilyn placed Lucy next to her brother. They snuggled closer to one another, and she smiled at the pair.

Marilyn stood next to her and ushered them into the hall.

"They are so precious," Jessica said when the door was closed.

"It's been hard for them recently with their mom gone all the time." She glanced toward the dining room. "Hard on all of them."

Jessica nodded and watched as Kace walked out to the front porch.

"You're the first woman he's brought home, and I can see why. He's different with you," Marilyn said quietly. "We didn't know if he'd ever find someone. He can be hard to get to know."

Jessica turned and stared at her.

"Kace has had a hard time since Paul," she said. "I'm just glad to see him happy for a change."

Marilyn smiled at her, and she felt the love of a mother. Not just for him but her as well. It rocked her.

"You stay safe out there," Marilyn said and wrapped her in a warm hug.

Jessica struggled to keep her tears back. It had been such an emotional day.

She walked out the door and found Kace waiting, the picture from earlier in hand. He gave a wave to his mother and ushered Jessica back to the car.

* * *

They drove in silence back to the house, and Kace struggled with the right words. He knew she was on the fence but feared the wrong words would send her over the other side.

He pulled down a dirt road and turned the car off.

"What are we doing?" she said, surprise evident in her voice.

The lights flicked off, and they were wrapped in the dark silence of the country road.

"Spill it," he said quietly.

Jessica shifted in her seat. "What?" she asked quietly.

"I said I loved you, and you've been backing away since," he said gruffly.

He heard her labored breathing and knew she was struggling.

"It's just so soon," she said.

Kace shrugged. "I feel what I feel."

"You come from this big family." Anxiety crept in her voice. "I don't have that to offer."

"I've got more than enough family," he countered.

"What if I'm not good enough?" She breathed in. "You've got this whole noble thing going. I'm not really the noble type of girl."

Kace chuckled. "Thank God for that."

He pushed his seat back and reached across to her. She jumped when he easily seated her to straddle his lap.

"You are a woman who picks the best paying job she can, just to send her kid sister to school. Who gets warm and fuzzy when a little girl called her Pocahontas." He nuzzled her neck and grinned when she molded herself to him. "Someone who drives me wild in bed and isn't afraid to butt heads with me. These are all the reasons I love you."

She froze in his arms, and he just held her more firmly.

"I love you, Jessica, and I don't care how fast it is." He kissed her neck. "You were made to be mine." His hands came up to find her head and turned it to look at him. "And I was made to be yours."

She gasped and he moved in. He nibbled on her bottom lip.

"Kace," she sighed.

"Tell me what you want," he growled as she gyrated over him.

She moaned and moved faster. Kace seized her hips, stilling the motion.

"Tell me," he said forcefully.

"You damn it. I want you," she ground out. "Better?"

Kace grinned. "For now."

Their mouths met. The world around them faded away. She's all he needed. Jessica moved her h*ps in time. He felt himself reaching the edge. When she flopped over to the passenger seat, Kace groaned.

Her voice snapped him out of his daze. "Do you have a condom?"

Kace looked over to see her stripping out of her shoes and jeans. The sight of her bare flesh excited him again.

He yanked out his wallet and prayed there would be a condom in there. When his fingers touched the foil packet, he praised the gods above.

He jumped when she snatched it out of his hand and started pushing his pants down.

"Maybe we should-"

"No," she said impatiently. "Now."

She shoved his pants down further and pulled him free of his boxer briefs. Her hot hands wrapped around him made him groan.

Not wasting any time, Jessica rolled on the condom and positioned her hot p**sy over his aching cock. She slammed herself down on him, taking his full length into her.

Kace groaned as her tight muscles gripped his dick.

"Fuck," he groaned.

When she gripped his shoulders and began bouncing on him, he reached up to pull her face to him. The act seemed to push her further. His fingers bit into the flesh at her hips, coaxing her to move even faster.

He could feel her shudder as the head brushed against her cervix each time. When she came down, he held her into place.

"Tell me what you feel, Jess," he said.

"I feel," she panted in frustration. "Your dick. That's what I feel."

He lifted himself up and rubbed the tip against her cervix again.

"Jessica," he said and waited for her to look at him. "What do you feel for me? Forget everything else, what does your heart say?"

She groaned and leaned forward, her body hot with the pending orgasm.

"My heart says," she paused and shivered over him. "My heart says it's love."

Kace sat up and pulled her to him. "Say it again."

She bit out, "It's love. I love you. Happy?"

Kace groaned and slammed himself into her over and over, his h*ps moving at lightning speed as he pushed her toward her orgasm. He could feel the muscles around him flutter as she reached her peak.

Not stopping, the slap of their skin echoed in the car. A few more hard strokes, and he went off inside of her.

Jessica leaned forward and rested her head on his shoulder.

"Prick," she groaned. "Making me say it."

"Babe, I'd walk through hell just to hear you say it," he panted. "Don't deny me."

He stared deeply at her and hoped she felt half as much as he did.

She sighed, leaned down and kissed him softly on the lips.

"Kace, you are a major pain in the ass." The breath from her words landed on his mouth. "But, I do love you."

Kace grinned and pulled her to him again.

"You know this is totally crazy right?" She smiled at him.

He shook his head. "I know this is the most right I've ever felt."

Kace kissed her hard until all her protests vanished into their passion.

Chapter Fifteen

"What do you mean he wants to see me?" Jessica fumed as she paced the bedroom.

He had all last night to tell her about her father, and he waited until now? She was so angry. He was just lucky she didn't have enough energy, thanks to last night's acrobatics, to really tear into him.

"There were a lot of things going on," he said.

"Wrong," she shouted. "You just didn't want it interfering with what you wanted."

"Yes!" Kace shouted back and stood toe to toe with her. "I wanted the woman I love to say it back to me. Is that so wrong?"

Jessica sucked in several deep breaths. Having him this close wasn't helping her stay calm.

She yelped when Kace grabbed her and flipped her over his bare shoulder. The borrowed t-shirt she had on slipped up her thighs, exposing her to him.

"What are you doing?" she giggled.

"I'm saying f**k your dad and taking you back to bed." He pulled her off his shoulder and plunked her on the bed. Without missing a beat, he was on top of her. "I'll just f**k you until you're happy again."

Jessica laughed at his playful banter.

"I don't think that's going to work," she said.

"I don't know." He kissed the sensitive area below her earlobe. "I think I can."

Jessica pushed him back slightly and laughed.

"Oh I'm sure you can do that," she said. "I wonder what he wants?"

Kace shrugged. "Best guess, he's heard what's going down."

She swirled patterns on his chest. "Do you think I should go?"

Kace froze.

She groaned. He did, and that's why he was so on edge about telling her. This was going to be one giant clusterfuck, but she had no choice.

"Will you go with me?" Her voice was suddenly timid.

Kace placed a finger under her chin and lifted.

"Hey, you're not to go unless I'm there. I don't trust this f**ker." Kace scowled. "He's got something up his sleeve and is not above selling out his own daughter."

Jessica wrapped her arms around Kace. "This is going to suck."

* * *

Jessica stared up at the giant concrete monstrosity. The window slats were just another a reminder of where they were. She followed the fencing and ignored the razor wire above.

"Just stay calm," Kace said in her ear. The warmth at her back gave her comfort as she walked through the doors.

Jessica placed her purse on the table and walked through the metal detector. On the other side, she picked up her purse and moved forward. Kace followed behind and caught up with her.

They came to another guard, this one behind a box. She gave her license and signed in to meet her father. They walked down the narrow corridor. She stayed away from the dirty walls and tried to focus on Kace next to her. The tap of the guard's footsteps echoed as they neared a gate. He pulled out the keys and nodded to the guard on the other side.

They passed into another grimy room with yet another locked door. The feeling of being trapped started to overwhelm her as the guard opened a metal door with a small window. She followed them through. Bright orange tables were scattered around the space. The chairs looked bolted in, and she wondered how many times someone had tried to throw them. She shivered at the desolate area.

They waited at a little table as her father entered. She knew him immediately. His dark black hair and crisp blue eyes were exactly as they had been years ago. All the rage of she felt for the past years came boiling up.

He sat across from her, and she stared at him. He was much older than she remembered. Living in prison all these years had weathered him. New scars littered his face.

He smiled at her, and she felt her blood run cold.

"It's so good to see you," he said.

Jessica let out a hollow laugh.

"Cut the crap," she said. "We both know I'm here because you threatened me."

He scanned the two of them, and his eyes locked in on Kace.

"Shacking up with a cop?" he sneered.

"I'm here to make sure you know your place in all this," Kace said.

The two glared at one another as she glanced around. Several other families were crying with one another. Others were talking quietly. As she stared at the inmates, she knew her father must be someone important at the prison. He had an edge that others just hadn't developed yet. Or maybe he always had this, and she just never noticed because he was either not around or she was just a child.

"Why are we here?" she abruptly asked.

Her father turned and surveyed her.

"You've grown," he said.

Jessica rolled her eyes. She was not up for a visit down memory lane. Her thoughts about Ando Tamm were about the same as they had ever been.

She stood and turned to Kace. "He doesn't have anything. Let's go."

Ando's right hand shot out to hers. She stared down at the worn calloused fingers and was surprised to see a small cross tattoo between his thumb and index finger. Several guards jumped from their posts, and he let go quickly, placing his hands in the air.

"Tamm, keep your hands to yourself," one guard shouted.

Ando nodded. He looked up to her, his eyes pleading with her.

"Please," he said. "I do have information."

Jessica slipped back into the seat.

"Go," Kace said from behind her.

"There's a rat in the Kellys," he said.

Jessica twisted the watch on her hand. "We know that already."

He pinned her with his dead stare. "Did you know it was someone close?"

"Who?" Kace shifted next to her on the bench.

Ando shook his head. "No name. Just someone close and that this goes far deeper than just one person. We're about to see the splintering of a mob family that could lead to problems for the city."

Kace absentmindedly rubbed his face.

"Is that true?" she asked him.

He shrugged. "It could be. Depends on why."

"Some aren't happy with the changes. They liked the old ways better," Ando chimed in.

"How do you know all this?" Jessica stared at him.

Ando looked around the room. "Lot of men like me. Those who worked independently for a number of people."

Jessica nodded. It did make sense that he would know.

"Anything else?" Kace said.

Ando looked around and leaned in. "Something big is happening in just a matter of days," he said.

"Like what?" she whispered.

"A hit," he said. "A hit on Finn Kelly."

"But the Russians already have one out on him," Kace said.

Ando shook his head. "This one is from people in his own clan."

Jessica narrowed her eyes at him. "Why are you telling us this?"

Ando leaned back. "Because your grandma was right. Best thing I could do for you girls was remove myself and the world I live in." He laughed. The sound haunted her. "Guess life took care of one of them."

She stared at him confused.

"The big C," he said, pointing to his brain. "Not much they can do. It's the fast-growing kind with very little chance of surviving."

Jessica stared hard at him. She didn't know if she could believe him or not. He did look like a man ready to meet his death, but that could just be years of hard living in the prison.

She fumbled for words. What did you say to the father that was never there who was now dying of cancer? Nothing came to mind. No Hallmark card for that situation.

"It's fine." He leaned forward. "I've made my peace with it, and it's not for you to worry about."

She stared at him in surprise.

"You just need to get away from those people," he said quietly. "These people aren't like the others out there. They will come for you and anyone you love."

Jessica gasped. Victoria. She slipped her hand into Kace's and clutched it to regain her strength.

"What makes you so sure they will win?" Kace ran a soothing finger over her wrist.

"Because Finn isn't strong enough. He stepped the family down, and in doing so, made himself weak."

Jessica shook her head. "Finn is anything but weak."

Ando shrugged. "It's not a risk I would bet on."

"Time," a guard yelled across the room.

Her heart jumped as she stared at the virtual stranger across from her. He looked to Kace.

"Keep them safe," he said.

Kace nodded.

Without warning, he grabbed her in a hard embrace.

"I've been a shitty father, but I do love you girls," he said in her ear. "Take care of each other."

She jumped back when the guards pulled him back.

"I'll come back," she said as they pulled him away. Despite his past, her heart hurt for him. "I'll bring Victoria."

He smiled sadly and nodded. The guards pulled him back to the prison door.

Jessica turned to Kace. Drained and emotional, she let herself fall into his arms, weeping.

"Let's get out of here," he said in her ear.

She nodded and followed him out.

* * *

They drove in silence away from the prison. Kace was glad for the moment to think.

If things were as bad as Ando said, it could really spell trouble for everyone. It meant Finn was going to have to work hard to retain his part of the family. If they splintered, it would be all the Russians needed in order to take over. So many factors at play.

He ran a hand through his hair. Maybe he could convince her to stay home, take a leave of absence. Something. Anything.

Kace glanced over at her. She stared solemnly out the window, and he knew she wouldn't step down. This was her way to pay for Victoria's school. There was no way she would take money from him.

"You're not going to listen to his warning are you?" he asked finally.

Jessica looked over to him. "He wouldn't bail on me, and I'm not bailing on him. He might be a criminal, but he's loyal and so am I."

Kace sighed. "Well it looks like we should call a meeting then."

"You know you don't have to," she said.

His fingers tightened on the steering wheel.

"No f**king way are you risking your life, and I'm not a part of this shit," he ground out.

Jessica chuckled and put her hand in his. He loosened his grip on the steering wheel when she laced her fingers with his.

"Got it." She smiled. "No risking my life unless I risk yours."

Kace chuckled. "Damn skippy."

He watched as she relaxed into her seat.

"Ouch. What's this?" She pulled out a piece of folded paper.

When she unfolded it, a key fell onto her lap.

They stopped outside the club, and Kace looked over at the paper with some numbers and letters. The middle of the page had a name and phone number, but neither rang a bell. At the bottom of the paper, there was some writing.

"I always meant to do better by you both," Jessica read. "He's got a few tricks up his sleeve. What do you think it is?"

She held up the little key and looked it over.

"It's got a local bank name on it. Think it's a safety deposit box?" She turned to him.

Kace grimaced. "Likely."

"What?" Jessica lowered her hand to look at him.

"I don't know how he was able to even have that to give to you, but technically, it should go through the proper channels."

She looked down at the key and then back to him. "For a key?"

"What if the box has drug money? Or incriminating evidence?" He stared at her, hopeful she would understand his position.

"So I just turn it in to the police." She grinned.

Kace groaned and leaned his head against the back of his seat. Couldn't they at least limit the law breaking to one law at a time?

"Listen," she said quietly. "Let's just put it back in my pocket for now and deal with this mess later."

He glanced from the key back to her and nodded. The problem wasn't going to go away, but it wasn't something they had to deal with right away.

"Later then," he said and slipped out of the car.

He saw the car out of the corner of his eye. It wasn't hard to miss. Viktor was known for using a certain type of car.

"Get down!" Kace yelled as he slid across the hood and nosedived right into her.

The spray of bullets screamed around them, shattering glass and pinging off the side of his car.

He could feel her under him, shaking as the world seemed to explode around them.

The endless gunfire ceased, and the squeal of tires let them know they were gone. He lifted his head and body off of her, thanking God they had made it out of it unscathed.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

Jessica nodded and looked around. Her face had gone almost ashen as she assessed the damage. The car had been ventilated. The front windows of Cortex had been shattered and the door riddled with bullets.

"I think I'm going to vomit," she said after some time.

He could hear the sound of sirens quickly approaching and cursed. For once in his life, Kace wanted what the police couldn't give him. Revenge.

Chapter Sixteen

Jessica watched as the repairmen installed the new glass. Things had died down now, and she was left wondering what had happened. For some reason, the idea that someone would shoot at her just didn't seem to be registering in her head. She sighed, hopped down off the stool and walked back to the office.

Everyone stopped to look at her as she walked in. Kace was the first to speak.

"We're getting the hell out of here," he said.

"And then what?" She crossed her arms over her chest and stared at him.

"And then I take care of this shit," he said.

She threw herself on the couch and stared defiantly up at him.

"Well I'm not leaving," she said.

"You think I can't make you?" Kace stepped toward her but stopped as Meg stood between them.

"This is personal to all of us, Kace," Meg said. "But right now, you need to pull your head out of your ass, so we can find these guys."

The room was silent as Meg faced off with her brother. Jessica stared in awe. It was amazing how someone that much younger could put the whole thing into perspective.

Kace glared around the room and tossed himself next to her on the couch, a possessive arm thrown over her shoulder.

"Ando said there would be trouble, and there is." Finn scrubbed his hand on his face. "Where do the police stand on this?"

Kace shook his head. "As far as they are concerned, no one was hurt, and it's gang problems. I don't know how many tears they'll shed if a few Kellys or Russians get popped."

Reed cursed. "We're getting nowhere with this."

Meg piped up. "I should have something tomorrow from the UK. There have been a few transactions, and they are cross-referencing them now."

"Well that's part of the problem," Finn said. "So, we know a shipment of guns is on their way here. Big guns. Maybe more than even guns."

Jessica gripped Kace's arm. If something like that made its way to the Russians, there would be nothing stopping them from laying them all out.

"I'm going to take that shipment out," he said.

The room went quiet as Finn and Kace stared at one another.

"Fine," Kace said quietly.

Finn nodded. "It's the only option."

Jessica looked around the room.

"Ryder is watching your sister," Reed said, and she sighed with relief.

With everything that was going on, it was good to know she could trust that Victoria was in good hands.

"Let's all get out of here," Finn said. "It's been a busy day, and they might come back."

"Why don't we just close tomorrow?" Jessica looked to Finn.

"I'm the boss," he said in a low voice. "If I don't show, they take it as a sign of weakness. Anyone not ready for trouble tomorrow should stay home. I'll make sure the rest of the staff knows this as well."

She felt Kace twitch and knew this would be a point of discussion later.

Jessica stretched and yawned. It really was getting harder to do the late evening shifts. Of course, Kace wasn't helping on the sleeping front. Not that she was complaining. Being sore for all the right reasons was amazing.

"Let's get out of here," he mumbled in her ear.

She nodded and waved to people as they made their way to the door. Once outside, she noticed the dark car outside. Without even thinking, she tossed herself on to Kace and knocked them to the ground.

"Stay down," she shouted.

She lay on top of him and waited for the world to erupt around them. Jessica looked up when Kace started shaking.

"Are you protecting me?" He was laughing so hard, he shook while he talked.

Jessica frowned. "Yes," she said and glanced over to the parked black car.

Kace sat up and placed her on her feet.

"That is one of Reed's company cars," he said. "We'll be borrowing it for a bit."

Jessica groaned. "This day just keeps getting better."

She dusted the dirt off her pants and climbed into the plush car. Kace climbed in and chuckled as he started the car. She sank further into the seat and closed her eyes.

"I'm glad you think I'm worth saving," he said quietly as they drove through the dark neighborhood.

She peeked over at him with one eye open. "Keep talking and I might not next time," she said.

"Noted," he laughed. "Next random parked black car, you'll leave me to fend for myself."

Jessica sighed and turned to look out the window. He could laugh all he wanted, but when she saw that car, all she could think was to save him. In such a short time, he had become someone important to her. The idea that he could be hurt made her stomach twist.

She thought about what it would mean being with someone who risked their life on a regular basis. Bile rose in her stomach. Jessica thought about Olivia and wondered how she dealt with it.

They pulled in front of the house, and she climbed out. She stared up at the beautiful Victorian. Somehow this had come to feel like home. But it wasn't. Not really.

They climbed up the steps and stopped at the door.

"What's going on?" Kace opened the door, and she walked through.

"Maybe I should stay with Irene," she said quietly.

Jessica jumped when the door slammed behind her.

"Is this about before?" He came to stand in front of her. She could smell the soap from his shower. "Because I was just teasing. You throwing yourself on me was one of the best things anyone has ever done for me."

She shook her head. "It's just..." She sighed. "What are we doing here?"

His eyes narrowed on her. "I'm keeping you safe, and we're seeing where this goes."

Jessica backed up. His hard eyes searched her face, and she was afraid he would see what she wanted to hide.

"I mean us." She looked wildly around for a way out. "What are we going to do when all this is over? We can't just keep playing house."

He stopped and stared at her. This was it. The thing that would push him away.

She yelped when he pushed her against the wall with his body.

"So don't play house with me," he said. "Move in. Bring your sister. Marry me. Make babies with me."

Her heart beat wildly in her chest, and she forced herself to breathe deeply.

"Are you crazy?" She stared into his earnest face.

"Yes," he said flatly. "You are the only thing that has given my life any real meaning or purpose. You."

He leaned forward, their lips nearly touching.

"I can't."

Kace leaned back slightly. "Why? Why can't you?"

She tried to think about why she couldn't just upend her whole life to be with a man that made her feel like she'd never really been alive. Jessica took slow breaths and looked back to him. His eyes were fixed on her, more determined than anyone she'd ever seen.

"Okay."

Her answer echoed in the front entrance.

"Thank God," he mumbled and swept her up in a kiss.

Unlike the others they had shared, this was a slow burn, the passion building until they were lost in each other's embrace. The kiss left her aching and needy in ways that she didn't even know she could be.

Kace pushed her against the wall, and she groaned when she felt his hot length against her.

He pulled away slightly to lift her shirt off and paused when he had. She felt a blush creep over her as he continued to stare at her bared skin.

"So beautiful," he whispered when he released the clasp on her bra.

She smiled at his honesty. He was never going to sugar-coat things, but that made the things he said that much sweeter.

He leaned down and rolled her hardened n**ples against the roof of his mouth. She groaned and moved her body against his. Jessica huffed when she wasn't able to center herself against him.

Kace chuckled and grabbed her thighs. She gasped when he hoisted her up and pushed his hard c*ck against her hot core. Gripping his arms, she reveled in the feel of the muscles beneath her fingers.

Her hands snaked behind him and grasped his hair to pull him back into a deep kiss. His warm fingers molded her breast to his hands and hissed when his calloused palms rubbed against her hard peaks.

He lowered her feet back to the floor, and she bit back a protest. When he came back up, he spun her around, so she was facing the wall.

Without much effort, he slipped her jeans down her legs, kissing and nipping the exposed skin as he went along. She stepped out and tried to turn but was stopped by his forceful hands.

His pants rustled as he pulled the zipper down. When she tried to look, he stepped out of her view. The crinkle of the condom came, and then she felt him, prodding her, bumping the hard head against her tender clit.

Without warning, he filled her to the hilt. He reached so far inside that she felt him pushing against her stomach. Kace stayed still for a moment and let her adjust. After a bit, she was able to gyrate her h*ps over him.

"Baby," he groaned. "I can't hold off much longer."

"Fuck me," she said and reached behind to push him against her walls.

Kace groaned. "You keep talking like that, and I'm not going to hold back."

"Who told you to hold back?" She twisted her head and shot him a dirty look. "I said f**k me damn it!"

Kace let off a stream of curse words as he began to slam into her. She bounced into the wall as he gripped her h*ps with unyielding force. Jessica braced herself against the wall and pushed back against him.

Her h*ps bucked wildly. She came hard when his fingers gripped onto her br**sts. The more he pinched her n**ples, the harder her walls contracted around him. She felt him push hard into her one last time. The wave of her second orgasm hit, and she shook so hard her legs caved beneath her.

His hands on her h*ps gripped her hard to keep her from falling down.

When he pulled out, she shuddered at the loss. She turned in his arms and embraced him like she wanted to earlier.

"Let's go to bed." She yawned.

Kace nodded.

Chapter Seventeen

Jessica groaned with Kace kissed her for about the millionth time outside the shop.

"That's it," she said and pushed back on his hard chest. "I can't sit out here kissing you all day."

He stuck his lower lip out and pouted at her. She couldn't help but laugh at how silly he was being. Although, she had to admit, seeing him dressed in uniform made her want to do things to him that wouldn't be legal in a number of states.

She grinned at his sharp look and leaned over. Giving into temptation, she kissed him again and yanked on his cuffs.

"You bring these to bed, and we won't have to worry about going off to work," she laughed.

He groaned and lunged for her, but she was just quick enough to slip away in time.

"You don't know what you do to me," he complained. Jessica grinned.

"Oh I think I do, and if I'm right, I'm not that much different." She shifted in her seat, only proving her point.

Kace took a deep breath and waved to Ryder through the window of the pastry shop.

"So just remember, no going into the house before Ryder checks it. You stay as a group. Just grab what you need and get out."

Jessica sighed. "I'm not a baby."

"I worry," he said quietly. "I'll meet you at the club, and remember I love you."

Her heart beat wildly every time he said it. He loved her and he meant it. Not only that, but he would stop at nothing to keep her safe, which both frightened and flattered her.

"I love you too," she said and blushed. This whole love thing was going to take more than just a few days for her to get used to.

He grinned when she climbed out and turned around. She knew how happy it made him and that, in turn, made her happy.

"Go do your paperwork," she said through the window. "I'll see you later."

She waved to him once she reached the door of the shop.

"Wow, I didn't think you'd ever stop kissing," Victoria said from the other side of the counter. Ryder coughed loudly. She suspected it was to cover the laugh.

"Hey, I don't think I would want to stop kissing him either," a short girl with curly blonde hair said next to Victoria.

Jessica laughed. "Hey, Taylor."

"So what's up with all the man-cakes around here? And where do I sign up to get one of my own?" Her fairy-tale cute face was no match for the foul mouth that Taylor had developed over the years.

"Love to help you out with that, but there's no list." She looked over to Ryder. "Unless you've got a brother you want to torture a bit."

Ryder laughed loudly. Jessica smiled. It wasn't often that people were able to see that side of him. She only wished her friend could see that as well. Jessica peeked around the corner to see Irene watching him intently, her cheeks bright with color.

She slipped behind the counter and moved to the door leading to the back.

"Still hiding I see," she said when she had stepped into the back.

Irene shot her a dirty look.

"It's not like that," Irene said.

"Oh?" Jessica looked into the front to see Ryder looking hotly at Irene.

"No," she said and smoothed her apron over skirt. "I'm just very busy."

"Are you still going to go with me over to the house?" she asked.

Irene creased her pretty brow and stared at Jessica. "Of course I'm going."

Jessica looked back to Ryder. "Well, he's our ride."

They walked further into the shop, where Irene was working on a new batch of cookies. The still warm sugar cookies rested on pans. Jessica snatched one from the pan before Irene could tell her not to.

"Oh you know how much I hate that," Irene complained.

Jessica grinned at her. "Maybe I know and just find it funny." Irene continued to glare, and Jessica started to feel bad. "So how has business been?"

Irene smiled brightly.

"Things are going great," she said. "Business is really starting to boom, and the girls have been such a help."

She smiled warmly toward the front. It was hard not to see the love she had for her cousin and Jessica's sister.

"So." Jessica clapped her hands and walked around the small kitchen. "You ready to go to my place?"

Irene stepped closer and glanced toward the door.

"Is it really that bad?" she asked. "I mean, I know you got the letter, but is it really so bad you can't go back to the house still?"

Jessica shrugged. She knew Kace might be over-reacting, but honestly, putting her sister at risk wasn't something that she wanted to do. Ever.

There'd been reports on the news of an explosion at sea. Finn wouldn't confirm if it'd been the arms shipment, but Kace and Jessica assumed as such. They'd been surprised the Russians hadn't already retaliated. A little extra safety definitely wasn't out of line.

"It's a risk," Jessica said. "I honestly can't even guess when this will all be over. I thought that things would come to a head after they shot up the club, but it's been nearly three days, and we haven't heard anything."

Irene washed her hands and then grabbed the dough on the table. She rolled it out with the ease and precision of someone who had been doing it for years.

"I just don't know how you do it there," she said. Jessica noticed her hand shook as she picked up a cookie cutter. She placed her hand on top of Irene's.

"I'm being as safe as I can be," she said and squeezed her hand. "I know you worry, but it will all blow over. Last thing the Russian mob wants to do is make this into something where the police want their heads on a pike."

She pulled away and moved to the other side of the metal work table.

"Wanting to take out Finn and some of his guys makes sense." She looked into Irene's clear green eyes. "I'm just an easy way to make a point to Finn. It's not something against me, I just happen to be around."

Irene stopped slapping the cookie cutter into the dough and looked up. Her eyes were filled with tears, which she quickly dashed away.

"If anything happened to you," she started.

"It won't," Jessica said firmly. "I've got Kace protecting me."

Irene gave a small smile and nodded.

"So what's going on with that?" Irene asked shyly.

Jessica sighed and leaned against the table as her friend finished cutting the cookies. She watched as Irene lined them up on a tray.

"Kace is..." Jessica giggled. "He's complicated and amazing and..." She shrugged. "I'm in love with him."

Irene whirled around and jumped when the oven door snapped shut.

"Love?"

The reaction wasn't totally unexpected considering Irene had very little experience with men in general.

"Isn't that a little fast?" Irene set the potholders on the table.

Jessica laughed and nodded. "Yup. And crazy, but it doesn't change how right things are with him."

"So are you going to start dating?"

Jessica cringed. "He's asked me to move in with him." She giggled after she thought for a moment. "Actually, he asked me to move in, get married and have babies."

When she looked at Irene, she burst out laughing. Her eyes were so huge, they looked like two saucers.

"And you told him yes?" she whispered.

"Well," Jessica said. "Actually, I think what I said was okay." She grinned at her friend.

Irene frowned. "You shouldn't joke about this."

Jessica reached for Irene's hands and gave a squeeze. "Life is too short. We're taking it day by day, and for now, we are focusing on getting past all this shit." She smiled. "But I'm really not rushing into this. I've dated. I know what I want and don't want. Kace makes me happy and it's not often that I'm happy like that."

Irene came around the table and wrapped her in a warm hug. "If you're happy, I'm happy."

Ryder cleared his throat at the doorway.

"Sorry to interrupt," he said, looking directly at Irene. "But we need to get going."

Irene hurried to busy herself with the stove.

Jessica turned to Ryder and gave a nod. His eyes turned back to Irene, and he gave a sigh before walking back to the front. When she turned around, Irene was placing the hot sheets on the table.

"You know," she said when Irene looked up at her. "You might give that whole happiness thing a try."

Irene wrinkled her brow and glanced to the door.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she said firmly.

Jessica held up her hands. "Okay, just saying."

Irene yanked off her apron and slammed it onto the table.

"Shouldn't we be going?" she asked.

Jessica laughed and followed out the door.

* * *

"I see you decided to grace us with your presence," Lt. Jackson said from across the desk.

Kace looked up from the computer and sighed. He really hadn't wanted to have this discussion yet.

"I think we should have a talk in my office." The older man leaned over him. Kace knew this tactic. It was one he had perfected.

"Maybe we should wait until another day," Kace said slowly.

Lt. Jackson glared down at him.

"It wasn't a question," he said menacingly.

Kace sighed and shut down his computer. Several other officers at desks in the area stopped to watch as he followed behind.

When the door slammed shut behind him, he knew this was going to be a continuation from the other night.

"I want to know," Lt. Jackson said as he slipped into the chair across from Kace, "what the hell has gotten into you? Before all this shit, you had your head on straight and were poised for that next promotion."

"Things are just different. Nothing is black and white," he said.

"Bullshit." Lt. Jackson slammed his fist on the table. "It's her. I know it is."

Kace sat up straight and glared. "It's not Jessica." He looked directly at Lt. Jackson. "Things just aren't so cut and dry with all this."

The other man glared at him, and Kace looked around. There were no personal effects out, and he wondered if his boss even had any to put out.

"Like hell they aren't," Lt. Jackson said and stood. "We put you on this case because you could handle it. Your family would be involved, and that would increase our chances of getting both Finn and the Russians." He started pacing in the small space. "This isn't some damn game, and if you think getting involved with someone like her is a good idea, you need to rethink that."

Kace gritted his teeth.

"I heard you went to visit her father," Lt. Jackson said.

Kace nodded. "He had information."

Lt. Jackson laughed. "I'm sure he did."

Kace stood. His anger throbbed in his head.

"I've had enough," he said finally. "Jessica never was or will be the problem. Her father was once in the fold, and he ended up in prison."

Kace shot up. "You want to write me up for not doing my job well enough, so be it." Kace leaned forward. "But leave Jessica out of this."

"You know she's trouble, and if you don't get this in check, you can kiss your promotion goodbye." A thick vein popped out on his boss's neck.

"So be it." Kace walked out the door.

Chapter Eighteen

Jessica stood at the bar and smiled at Kace on the end. She really shouldn't be this giddy, but she couldn't help it. Every time she saw him sitting on the stool, she would remember something with him and smile. She had been doing it more and more the last few days.

It had never been her intention to move things so quickly with him, but Kace lived life with her by the seat of his pants. Despite how controlled he was with every other aspect of his life, he constantly surprised her and threw caution to the wind. Well, within reason.

They had spent a large chunk of time talking about the future. She would continue to pay for the townhome. It wasn't the best, but it was what Victoria wanted. Jessica suspected that Mrs. Masing might have more to do with that than anything. Although it was pretty centrally located, so that limited her commute time.

Jessica wiped down the bar and broke down the soda fountain to clean. It wasn't a job she loved, but things had been tight around the place and when that happened, it was her duty to be there in whatever role they needed. Finn had lived up to his word when he contacted the staff about the danger. Unfortunately, that also meant a large chunk decided not to come in, so that left her picking up the slack.

She tossed her rag in the dirty bin and gathered her paperwork from the office. Being closed off in the office was normally what she wanted, but it was nice being around the others. It had been a long time since she was able to relax and enjoy the company of others she worked with. Although right now was a little different than normal. With Dale guarding the door constantly, Meg popping in with updates, Liam and Finn making the rounds around the room and Kace constantly watching her, it was a wonder they were able to get any work done at all, let alone make any money.

With her bookwork in hand, she flopped down in the seat next to Kace and smiled when he brushed his leg up against her.

When she looked up again, Kace was staring intently at her. His eyes burned with the passion she hoped he planned to revisit when she finished work.

"If you two don't quick eye-f**king each other, I'm going to get the hose out," Meg said. She sat at the small table near the bar, a laptop in front of her, with Finn and grinned when Jessica turned to flip her off.

She paused mid-flip when Meg sat up bolt right, knocking her drink onto the floor. Alyssa, who was cleaning a nearby table, rushed over to mop up the mess.

"Finally," she said. "So we've been able to trace some purchases from the account."

She spun the screen to Finn. Jessica and Kace made their way to the side of the table. Gathered, they looked at the recent transactions.

"This can't be right," Finn said quietly.

"What is a Knappogue?" Meg asked.

Finn stared blankly at the screen for a moment. When he sat back, all the color had drained from his face.

"It's a very expensive type of Irish whiskey. There were only two men I ever knew to drink it. One is dead and the other..." He looked around the room, pain evident on his face. "The other is my brother."

He continued to stare at the screen, and Jessica wondered if he might be going into shock. It was certainly surprising someone so close would make the call to screw over family like that. It just wasn't what she would have expected.

Finn sneered and turned the computer screen back to Meg.

"Drain it," he said dangerously.

Meg nodded and set back to work.

Alyssa passed by and put the ice into the sink at the bar. She turned back to Jessica.

"Are you switching the schedule around?" Alyssa asked.

Jessica frowned and shook her head.

"No, why?" she asked.

Alyssa pointed to the sheet in front of her.

"Oh, well, I just saw you were looking at the days Dale works." Alyssa smiled at her.

Jessica looked down at the paper. She had highlighted all the times days when there were shortages in the alcohol. She frowned at the paper and then looked up.

"Do you remember when I was attacked?" she asked Alyssa.

She nodded her head.

"Why did you get Kace when that happened?" She felt Kace tense next to her as he followed her logic.

"Oh, well Dale was on a smoke break," she said. Her cute little pixie face fell as she sorted through things.

Kace shifted next to her. "And did you ever see him leave on a smoke break?"

Alyssa shook her head. "No," she whispered.

The room fell quiet.

"Well, it looks like you found me out."

Dale stood near Finn, his meaty arm palming a very large gun he had pointed at Finn. Jessica shifted closer to Kace.

"Oh, Dale," Jessica said. Her heart fell.

"So it's come to this," Finn said to his cousin as he turned to face him. "You and Ennis?"

Dale laughed. "Oh it doesn't just end at me and Ennis. There are plenty who don't like your new direction. Think you've gone soft."

"Not soft," Finn said, dangerously quiet. "Smart. Money in the old crap just isn't what it used to be. People aren't buying guns and drugs like they used to. Well, not enough to make up for all the heat that comes up with it. Why do that shit, when you can make more being legit?"

"There will always be a need for guns, as long as you look for the right people," Dale said.

Jessica watched as Finn's jaw tightened. "So you just make a deal with anyone? Even the Russians?" he spat out.

"We make deals with people who pay," Dale growled back. "Ennis wasn't thrilled with that little trick you did with the arms boat. That was going to pay for the hit on you. Luckily," he gave a giggle, "you pissed off the Russians enough they were willing to do the hit all on their own."

Jessica shivered when he grinned.

"Looks like party has already been started," an accented voice said from the back.

A medium-built man came from the back door to stand near Jessica and Kace. A group of large men trailed behind him. His hair was cropped close to his head, and he wore a dark suit. She was a little surprised to see a thug would be so well put together.

"Viktor," Finn hissed.

She shivered when one of Viktor's men winked at her. Vulgar tattoos littered his exposed skin. Kace stood and moved his body in front of her.

"Just stop right there, pig," Dale said.

Jessica cringed. The last thing they needed to have happen was Kace being called out for being a cop. None of these guys were fans of the police, and most would be more than willing to put a bullet in one, especially now that they were exposed.

She glanced back to Finn. He sat calmly at the table, his hands out where they could be seen. Pure rage glittered in his eyes, and she knew, if he had the chance, these men would all be dead.

Kace stood quietly in front of Jessica. If they all played this right, things could still turn out right.

They still hadn't seen Liam, and if he wasn't already dead, then he had sent in a call to Reed. It still might turn into a gun battle, but at least the odds would be more on their side.

"Where's that little f**k Liam?" Dale said and moved in front of Finn.

"Out on detail," Finn said with a wicked grin. "Maybe you should go out and say hello."

Dale glared at him. "Think you're f**king funny?"

He pulled back and clocked Finn on the nose with his gun.

Blood burst from his nose and dripped on to his white button-up shirt.

Alyssa, who was still standing near them at the bar, gasped.

"You," Viktor pointed at the men near them. "You go check."

Four of them filtered out through the back door, their clucky boots knocking against the back door. This would be nothing for Liam.

Kace surveyed the room. Aside from Viktor and Dale, they had just three men to spare. This was doable.

He glanced over to the table where his sister was still sitting. Meg was a hell of a shot. If he could just get a gun in her hands, she could easily take out the others.

"Put the women with him," Viktor said to one of his men. He shivered when the man's blank stare shifted to Jessica. "We figure out something special for Mr. Piggy."

"No," Jessica said and struggled in the thug's hands.

Kace tensed and rushed forward with all his might. Another thug stepped in front and nailed him in the stomach. He dropped to the ground and watched as they sat Jessica next to Meg. Alyssa was next. The two women shivered at the table while Meg and Finn continued to play it cool.

When Kace turned his eyes on Finn, he winked at him and then looked back to Viktor.

"So, Vic." Finn smiled. The blood from his nose had seeped into his mouth and coated his teeth when he smiled. "I hear Boris is on his way. I'm sure Stefano must be so proud of the work you're doing."

The Russian's face fell, and Kace's stomach twisted. He didn't know what angle Finn was going for, but taunting the angry Russian didn't seem like the best idea.

"He be happy after tonight," Viktor said, his black eyes fixed on Finn. "One less problem."

Finn laughed loudly. "We'll see."

"Cut the shit." Dale glared at him and then turned to Viktor. "Where are your men?"

Kace watched as Viktor turned to look at the door and then back to his men.

"You two go look," he said to the men next to him. They trudged slowly to the back door and disappeared when the door closed with a click.

Kace looked over at Jessica. The man who had grabbed her stood firmly behind the three women. He narrowed his eyes on Kace when he noticed him staring.

"I will say Dale," Finn spoke, pulling all eyes back to him. "I'm surprised my brother isn't here."

Dale smiled. "He's on a ship with loads of witnesses."

"Ah." Finn nodded. "He was always good with the alibies."

He shifted in his seat, and Dale jumped.

"Although, I'm a little insulted at who he's picked to carry out his plan." Finn wrinkled his nose.

Dale's face filled with rage as he raised the gun to Finn's head.

"You really shouldn't taunt him like that."

All eyes turned to Liam. The barrel of his gun was pressed against Viktor's head. The thug near the women cursed in Russian.

Kace yanked his gun from his holster and pointed it at the thug near Jessica.

"Took you long enough," Finn said to Liam.

Liam sighed loudly. "That's what happens when you leave all the work up to me."

Finn laughed as he stood. "I suppose."

Liam looked over at the Russian thug near the women.

"Move the f**k away," he said. His face contorted as he stared at the man. "Or my cop friend is going to make you move."

The man stared back apparently weighing his options.

"Pretty sure there isn't a win with this," Finn said. "Boris isn't a fan of loose ends. From what I hear, you don't want to get on his bad side."

The thug moved slowly around the women, his eyes fixed on the gun and Kace, waiting for the opportunity. Kace followed him without hesitation.

"I suggest you move over there with your new friends," Finn said to Dale.

Dale's face flamed as he moved away. His gun still pointed at Finn as he made his way to the Russian. Liam pushed Viktor to the other man and steadied his gun.

"Seems like this didn't go at all like you were told it would," Finn said to Viktor. "Wasn't as good a plan as Ennis might have told you."

"We will see," Viktor said and smiled.

"If you think there's still a payday after this, I've just drained all the money." Finn grinned when they turned to look at Dale.

"He's lying," Dale said, pale.

Finn shrugged. "You'll find out soon enough," he said to Dale. His cousin glared at him complete hatred.

Kace sighed. This standoff had to end before someone got hurt.

"As far as I can tell," Kace said to Viktor. "There is really only one person responsible for all the problems."

He glanced to Dale and then back to Viktor.

"Fuck you," Dale said and spat on the floor.

Viktor looked to his associate and then to the back door. "And what about my men?"

Finn piped in with, "Either take them, or I'll dispose of them."

"You got to be kidding," Dale said to Viktor. "Ennis isn't going to like this."

Viktor laughed loudly. "Fuck Ennis. We're not working for free." He turned to nod to Finn. "Boris is not going to like this."

All laughter faded from Finn. "You let me worry about Boris."

Viktor gave a wicked grin. "Oh, I will."

Kace watched as they made their way to the door and out into the alley.

"Conor," Finn said into his phone. "I need a cleaner." He listened for a moment and sighed. "I'm already aware. We just got done having a little heart to heart with the Russians."

Kace watched as Finn nodded.

"Good." He hung up the phone and stared at Dale. "So who else are you working with?"

"No one." He shrugged.

Finn glanced over to Alyssa. "Are you sure?"

Alyssa opened her mouth to say something, but the room bust into chaos as the front door flew in.

Chapter Nineteen

Jessica screamed as the front windows shattered, armed men in helmets and bulky vests bursting crashing through. She crouched to the table but heard Alyssa's shout over the noise.

"Watch out!"

When Jessica looked up, she watched in slow motion as Alyssa launched herself at Finn. Arms outstretched, she shoved Finn back.

Alyssa stood for a moment and turned to stare at Dale, his arm outstretched and gun still smoking. Jessica screamed when she turned back. Two growing blood spots marred Alyssa's chest. She crumpled to the ground.

"You son of a bitch!" Liam yelled. He pulled the trigger of his gun. Dale yelled and fell to the ground.

Shutting out the sound around her, Jessica crawled over to the small woman. Finn was already applying pressure to the spot at her breast. Jessica scrambled to sit near her head and pressed against the hole at her shoulder.

"Why did you do that?" Finn asked her. His face was nearly as pale as Alyssa, and he shook.

Her breathing was labored as she tried to talk. "I would not betray you."

Jessica saw the guilt flash over his face.

"Just lie still and wait for the paramedics," Jessica said. She jumped when a pair of hands slipped onto hers. She looked at the person and sighed when the blue uniform focused into sight. She glanced around realized the room was filled with police in bullet-proof vests, pistols and shotguns ready. A discarded black battering ram lay next to the door, the likely destroyer of their front door.

A few seconds later, Reed and several his men filtered in, also in vests. The cavalry had apparently arrived at twice the required strength.

One of the officers yelled back, "We've got two victims in here. Look like gun shots."

Moments later, a pair of paramedics pushed through the throng with a gurney.

Jessica crawled to the other side and pulled Finn away. "You've got to let them take care of her."

He nodded and followed Alyssa with his eyes as they loaded her onto a gurney.

"I'm riding with you," he said to the paramedic.

"That's only reserved for family," the paramedic replied.

Finn tightened his fists as he stared at her. "I'm her fiance."

The man looked at him skeptically but nodded.

Jessica jumped when strong arms circled around her but turned in his embrace.

"Oh, Kace," she sobbed.

"I know," he said and smoothed her hair.

"Is Dale dead?" she whispered.

"No," he said. "Liam just clipped him in the leg."

Jessica turned her head to look across the room. Dale was strapped onto a gurney while someone messed with his leg. She could hear him cursing from all the way across the room.

"Liam, you son of a bitch, I'll get you for this," Dale screeched loudly. "You and your slut mother will pay for this. Or maybe I'll find another way."

Jessica's stomach rolled as she followed his line of sight to Meg.

"Listen here, you piece of shit." Liam started to march over. "Maybe I should have just taken the kill shot."

Kace let her go and whirled to a few of the other cops nearby. "Get him the f**k out of here."

They jumped into action, a few held Liam back while the others helped the paramedics rush Dale out of the building.

"I need to get to the hospital," Jessica said quietly.

Kace nodded. "I'll have Reed drive us."

She looked up to him shocked. "Don't you need to see to things?"

He looked around. "Maybe, but some things are just more important."

Jessica smiled and followed him to Reed's car. When she climbed into the car, she thought about the support someone like Alyssa would need.

She pulled out her phone.

"Irene," she said. "I need you and the girls to meet me at the hospital."

* * *

Kace looked silently around the waiting room. His family always was one to offer support when needed. It was nice looking around and seeing family and friends.

"They have been in surgery for such a long time," Jessica whispered.

"You heard them," Kace answered. "The bullets ripped through a lot of muscles. The one in her shoulder is the least worrisome. At least the one in her chest didn't hit her heart, but it's going to take a lot of work."

Kace glanced to the corner where Finn sat with Liam and one of his men. His face was still ashen, and he knew the guilt of the whole thing must be eating at him.

"Mr. Kelly?" the surgeon called from the door. Finn jumped up, and they all stood with him.

The doctor looked worn and when Kace thought about how long they had been in there, he marveled at how surgeons were able to last that long.

"She's going to be okay," the surgeon said. A collective sigh overtook the room. "However, we've noticed some," she glanced around the room, "problems with several of her bones. They were prevously broken and healed slightly off."

Kace cleared his throat and stepped forward. "Alyssa was in an abusive relationship previously and that man is in custody."

She glanced at Finn, still clearly uncertain. "I'll be checking into that."

"How long before she's awake?" Finn asked, his voice low and harsh.

"It will be a few hours before she's really awake enough to have visitors." The doctor scanned the group. "What I would suggest is to go home. Take a shower. Get some rest, and come back in the morning. Every one of you looks like you could use a good night's sleep."

Kace looked around. They were a pretty rough-looking crew. Large men aside, most looked like they hadn't slept well for weeks. Jessica and Finn had the worst of it. Caked in dried blood, they could have been easily mistaken for victims themselves.

"Thank you, doctor," Jessica said and shook her hand. "I'm so relieved."

The doctor gave her a squeeze. "She's in no danger, but she's going to have a long road ahead. The damage to her shoulder was pretty extensive. It's going to take a lot of therapy for her to get back the mobility."

"She won't have use of her arm?" Finn slumped and ran a hand through his hair.

The doctor stared hard at him. "We suspect that it will be limited, but with work she will go back to a more normal use."

Kace patted him on the arm. "It will be fine. Go home and get some rest."

Finn shrugged the hand off. "I'm staying here."

"Finn," one of his men said, "let me take you home."

Finn shook his head. "Conor, bring me a change of clothes."

Kace watched as the man pressed his mouth in a firm line and nodded. Finn gave Kace a nod before returning to the corner of the room. He watched as the mob boss sat down. He looked worn and defeated sitting with just Liam.

"Honey, we're going to take Olivia home." His mother came up next to him, and he was glad to have her there. She looked over to Jessica, and he could see the tears in her eyes. "Now you just call if you need anything."

He smiled when she wrapped Jessica in a big hug. When the two separated, Jessica wiped her eyes several times.

Slowly, his family made their way out of the room, hugging the two of them and nodding to Finn and Liam. It appeared that despite his background, Finn had worked his way in as part of the fold.

Kace sighed. Things were hard enough with his job. It was going to be even harder to explain his connection to a mob boss. But then, he wasn't really certain staying on the force was the way to go. He had spent all his life believing that things were different, only to find that corruption really did depend on who was telling the story.

Jessica held on to Kace for her support as she said goodbye to his family. She only let go when her sister was standing in front.

"Oh, Jess," Victoria said and pulled her into a tight hug. "I'm so glad you're okay."

"I know," Jessica said into her sister's hair. "It's going to be fine."

Victoria sighed. "It's not, but that's okay. We can deal." She stood back and looked at Jessica hard. "You should go get some sleep."

Jessica laughed. "Little role reversal?"

Victoria winked. "Only when I need to."

She sighed and pulled her little sister back to her. "I love you."

Victoria wrapped her arms around. "Me too." She pulled back and gave a wave to Kace. "Take care of her."

Jessica linked fingers with him when he nodded. She gave a tired wave to the others as they left and pulled Kace over to Finn.

"You didn't cause this," she said directly to Finn. He slumped in his chair and seemed more drained than she had ever seen him.

"Like hell I didn't," he said.

Jessica crossed her arms and stared down at him. "We all knew the risk working for you," she said. Finn's eyes shot up. "But the truth is, you pay well. You pay on time, and you aren't a dick."

"Maybe not to some people," he mumbled.

Jessica threw her hands in the air. "So you made a mistake. It's not like you didn't have reasons."

She leaned forward and placed a firm hand on his shoulder.

"You are a good man for the most part," she said. "You are going the right direction and shouldn't let anyone else tell you different."

Jessica sat up and nodded. Regardless, she had said her piece.

She put her hand back in Kace's and stepped back.

"Call if there's a change," Kace said.

She followed him through the door and down a series of halls before reaching the outside. Jessica was glad to have the cool air hit her face.

"Well this has been quite the night," she said as they walked to his car.

Kace nodded and continued in silence.

Her stomach flipped as she thought of all the reasons he might not be talking. She hoped he was just tired, but with all the things going on, maybe he just needed more time to process things. Or just her. After all, things we pretty much finished for now with the club. Sure, Finn had unfinished business with Ennis, but it didn't seem like the club would be much a target for the Russians without him.

She climbed in and sat quietly until he started the car.

"If you want to take me to my house, I'll understand," she said quietly.

Kace whipped around to her. "Why would I want to do that?"

She pulled at the buttons on her top. "It was a long day. Things are wrapping up. Maybe you need more time."

"The only thing I need more time on is how much I can spend with you," he said. "I've been thinking. Maybe I should leave the force."

Jessica gasped and turned to face him. "But I thought that was you dream. What about Paul?"

Kace sighed. "It was my dream until things got all crazy. Now I can't tell what my dream is, but I know it's with you. And I think Paul would approve of that."

Jessica beamed. She wanted to talk, but the words got stuck in the back of her throat. She pulled him to her and kissed him hard.

"I love you," she whispered.

"Let's go home," he whispered back.

She smiled and pulled back. Going home. That sounded so loving and normal.

Chapter Twenty

"I'm sorry, ma'am," the prison guard said as he led her through the prison halls. She marveled at how it had only been a week ago she had been to see her father, and now she was having to ID him. A chill crept through her as she walked.

Maybe it hadn't been such a great idea for her to go alone, but Kace was off turning over his badge. She had wondered if it would be hard for him to switch to working for Reed, but the reception had been more than welcoming. He had been even more excited when Reed offered her an office position. It would involve sorting through all the paperwork. She cringed, but with the classes he was offering to pay for, it was an amazing deal.

She shook her head. Who was she kidding? Not taking the job just be stupid. It was really a matter of finding her replacement at the club.

"He just right in here," the guard said, startling her out of her thoughts. "Now try not to look too long. He was mangled pretty bad when the explosion went off in the laundry room."

Jessica took a deep breath and swallowed. This was going to be harder than she expected.

The room smelled of chemicals and made her gag. She was certain that when she left the room, her clothes would be saturated with the smell.

"He's right here," the guard said and walked back to the door.

She quickly flipped the cover off his face and back again. The heat from the explosion had burned most of his face. Red open skin ate up most of his natural color. She took a breath and focused on his arm. She jumped when it slid down his body and hung limply at his side.

Steeling herself, Jessica reached over and put his hand back on his chest. She patted it a few times and then jumped away quickly. The cross tattoo on his right hand was missing. She looked around and felt her stomach lurch.

She didn't know whose hand she had been touching, but that was not her father.

Jessica teetered around and then burst through the door. A trash can sat around the corner. She leaned forward and emptied her stomach.

There was only one thing she could do.

* * *

Kace smiled as he walked down the hall to the wing they were keeping Alyssa. She was tough, and he was glad to see she had made such great progress over the week. There was still going to be a lot of work she'd need to do, but it would happen.

He rounded the corner and chuckled at Finn in his normal spot. When Kace neared, Finn looked up and frowned.

"She still not letting you in?" Kace asked.

Finn groaned. "I've tried everything, but she starts throwing things if I try to sneak in. She might have one bad arm, but the other is just fine."

Kace laughed loudly. The meek girl from before seemed to have found her voice.

The sound of running feet made him jump for his gun, but he drew up air. Maybe this would take more time than he thought. Or he'd just need to get one from Reed. Jessica skidded to a stop just outside the door.

"No time," she panted. "Inside."

His feet moved without thinking as she shoved them all inside.

"What the f**k is he doing here?" Alyssa shouted.

He nearly laughed when Jessica came out from behind them. "I made him," she said. "Now you just sit back and listen because what I have to say deals with us all."

Alyssa grunted and sat back. Jessica moved over to the bed table and slapped a key with a piece of paper on top.

"What's this?" Alyssa picked up the key, and Kace remembered the safety deposit box key.

"My father is dead," Jessica said. The room fell silent. "Or at least he's supposed to be, but he's not really because his body didn't have the cross tattoo."

"So he's not dead?" Kace asked, not quite following her.

"Right." She nodded. "He didn't have the tattoo."

"So who was it that died?" Finn asked, just as confused.

Jessica shrugged. "Some sorry sap."

"I'm not following," Alyssa said.

Jessica laughed. "It's not important. What is important is this little paper right here."

She opened it up and placed it back on the tray.

"A deed?" Alyssa looked to Jessica.

Kace slid the paper in front of him and read it over. He nearly choked as he continued to read.

"Holy shit," he mumbled and looked over to Jessica. "Is this legal?"

She was so excited she bounced on her toes. "I sure hope so."

"Would one of you mind telling us what the f**k is going on?" Finn glared at the two of them.

"I quit," Jessica said.

Kace watched as Finn reeled back from the bomb that had just been dropped on him.

"You quit," he said quietly.

"Yes," she said. "But I have a replacement."

Finn looked at her a little lost. "Who?"

"Alyssa," Jessica said simply.

"I don't think..." Alyssa started to protest, but Jessica cut her off.

"It's brilliant," Jessica continued, and Kace laughed at how commanding his woman could be when she wanted. "You'll work for Finn. He feels bad and will give you prime hours. It's good pay, and you can do it from a chair."

"But my friend's house is clear across town," she said.

"That's where this deed comes in. Turns out I own all the houses on my block. Actually, I've been paying rent to myself for years. My father bought it and set up an account in my and my sister's name." She looked over to Kace. "He did care."

"I still don't understand," Alyssa said, her face reddening in frustration.

"I'm moving in with Kace. That leaves an open room with my sister. I'd love if you lived there with her." Alyssa opened her mouth to say something, but Jessica charged on. "You help me keep an eye on the property, and you can live there rent free. It's near the club, and the hospital isn't far."

Jessica paused and Kace reached out for her. He wanted to shout out his happiness that she had talked about moving in with him and taking the job with Reed. Ever since the shooting, she had been taking things slow. He didn't know if it was him or just the situation.

"Take the offer, Alyssa," Finn said quietly. "I can swear I'll never let anything hurt you again."

The room grew quiet as she thought it over. It seemed like hours before she finally spoke.

"I'll do it," she said.

Jessica gasped when Finn fell to his knees. "I'll do whatever necessary to make you trust me again."

"We'll see," Alyssa said after staring at him.

Kace cleared his throat and picked up the paper. He tried to usher Jessica out of the room, but her eyes stayed glued on the two as Finn remained on his knees.

"Well that was amazing," she said and grinned.

Kace glanced back to the door. "Time will tell." He looked back to her. "So. Quitting your job and moving in with me? Does that make me your sugar daddy?"

Jessica laughed. "Only if by sugar daddy you mean copious amounts of sex and lots of good cooking."

Kace picked her up and whirled her around. "I think I can handle that."

"I'm counting on it." She kissed him hard.

