CHAPTER ONE

Julia

"I'm pregnant."

Julia saw Damien pause his step, his expression turning from recognition of the words she was saying to a sudden understanding. The trees behind him swayed in the wind, but he remained frozen. What would he say? She could not take her eyes off of his own, blind and scarred, as she waited in that brief second where so much of their future would be decided with his reaction.

His emotions hit her so hard that it took her breath away. She bent over, her hands clasped to her belly which beat newly with life, a gasp coming from her.

It was love, yes, but more than that. The wave of joy and awe coming from Damien had a physical effect on Julia, an ineffable bursting of emotion in her chest. Her love and joy tangled with his, and she was seized by the joyous current and carried up by it.

"Damien!" Julia held her hands out to him and he took them at the touch, turned them, intertwined his fingers in hers and drew her close. The sky overhead was gray with clouds, but the storm which had drenched them a minute earlier was dissipating. Despite the chill of the air and the dampness of her clothes, Julia was warm.

"My love. My mate," he said.

His eyes glowed brightly behind their blindness, so much that for a moment, he looked directly at Julia as though he could see her, and the Calling between them pulled them yet closer together. She had been able to shift-she had been a wolf, if only for a brief moment. She could do it! Now that she knew the wonder of it, it was as though there was another experience tying her to Damien. Something even stronger that bonded them as one.

"A child," Dee said, coming forward into the forest clearing. Her voice sounded old for the first time. Julia could see her grandmother's wrinkled hand shaking as she lifted it to her lips. And, too, for the first time, she could sense Dee's presence, almost see it shimmering in the air around her. It bent Julia's vision, rippled the light. Whatever it was, it was beautiful.

"The alpha's child," Dee repeated, both hands now touching her mouth as though she were afraid to say the words. Her eyes shimmered-was it her presence Julia sensed or was it tears?

"Our child," Damien said, but his eyes had left Julia's and looked blank once again, the light mist drawing close the haze over his irises.

The wind blew through the highest branches of the pines, making them dance. Overhead the clouds wisped apart, and sunlight peeked through from behind the storm. A bird called once, then fell silent.

Julia took Damien's hands and placed them on her belly.

"Our children," she said.

Damien's lips parted, his mouth trying to form words but unable to find them. Dee looked at Julia, her eyes wide under the shock of her white hair.

"Yes," Julia said to the unspoken question. "We're going to have twins."

CHAPTER TWO

Damien

Damien could not believe his ears.

"Twins?" he repeated. His hand caressed Julia's skin, still damp from the rain. The connection between them had strengthened into a solid bond of understanding as soon as she'd shifted, one that had not been lost even now that she was back in human form. Her peacefulness washed over him, calming him even as his mind struggled to make sense of the words she was speaking. The thunder from the storm sounded again, miles away now and already fading. He could smell the scent of wolf blood on Julia's body.

"Can you feel them?" Julia asked.

Damien pressed his palms against her skin, tried to find the hint of a being inside of her. It was impossible, he was sure, for she had only been pregnant for weeks at most. And yet he felt something, a change in her own presence as he sensed it. Perhaps that was the first trace he would receive from his child. From his children.

Twins.

A great wonder took hold of him, an awe that he had never felt before, not even when he was a child praying to the gods. The magic here superseded anything he'd known before. He kissed Julia softly, as though even the littlest movement could shatter her. She seemed so fragile now.

"What will we name them?" he asked.

"We'll see," Julia said. "We'll know when they're born, I think."

"Your shoulder..." Damien's fingers had found the injury, and Julia winced as he touched it. The slight pain reverberated through him.

"It's fine," Julia said. "Here. Take your knife."

She handed him the wolfbone blade. Her fingers trembled as they passed the knife to him. He wiped the blood off before sliding it back into its sheath, noticing the chill that had come over her mood.

"I...I killed them," Julia said. "Those other shifters from this territory. I killed them."

"It's alright," Damien said, pulling her to his chest. The roaring in his ears had subsided somewhat, and he could hear the rest of his pack moving around them.

"There were four of them, and I killed all but one."

"We'll find him," Damien said, realizing as he spoke that that wasn't what she'd meant.

Julia pulled away as if to speak, but then the other members of the pack crowded around to congratulate her.

"Julia," Granny Dee said. "Oh, Julia. Children! My own great-grandchildren!"

"I couldn't catch the wolf," Kyle said, bounding back into the clearing from the forest. "He was too fast."

"Kyle, Julia is pregnant!" Katherine's high voice rang with excitement.

"She...what?"

"Twins!" Katherine said. "Won't that be something?"

"Twins?" Kyle sounded baffled. Then: "Twins!"

A hand clapped down on Damien's shoulder.

"Congratulations, old friend," Jordan said. His voice turned to Julia. "I want to make a full examination when we get home after I take care of Mara."

"Mara!" Julia turned away from Damien, a sudden concern in her tone. Damien felt guilty for forgetting about Mara in all of the tumult. His mind had been occupied elsewhere, and Julia's sympathetic voice reminded him that he should be watching out for every member of his pack.

"Is she..."

"She's breathing, but they drugged her with something. I think she'll be okay."

Damien exhaled in relief. Mara was alive. His pack was safe. At least for now.

CHAPTER THREE

Julia

Jordan pressed his hand one last time against Julia's belly and smiled.

"I can feel them," Julia said. "Both of them are in there, their presences."

"That's quite normal," Jordan said, leaning back.

"Normal?" Julia raised one eyebrow. "I just found out that I can shift into wolf form. None of this is normal."

"It's normal for shifters," Jordan said, scratching idly at his chin. "You'd have been able to know at the moment of conception, if the witch's spell hadn't hidden it from you."

"She took away so much," Julia said. She thought of the connection to Damien, how it had grown stronger the instant she had shifted into wolf form, and how she'd been able to sense Dee's presence, and the babies'. "She took away my senses."

"Now you have the ability," Jordan said. "But don't overuse it. It does take energy to shift, and you have less energy to spare now because a lot of it's going to your babies."

"The babies..." Julia murmured. "Will they shift? Inside of me?"

"Oh, lord no!" Jordan said, laughing.

"But what if they do? Will I know? What happens if I shift form again?" Julia asked.

"Babies stay human until they're a couple years old. That's when they start to be able to shift," Jordan explained to Julia. He'd just completed his examination, his stethoscope slung around his neck. "And as for you, you can still shift now, since they're so little, but it'll be very uncomfortable to be in wolf form toward the end of the pregnancy, especially with twins."

"You're sure there's no risk right now? I don't want to hurt them." Julia was excited to shift again. It was a different world when she was in wolf form, a world in which sounds and scents were just as vibrant and meaningful as lights and colors, a world in which she could sprint faster and jump higher than any human could dream of. It was like having superpowers.

"It's completely safe now," Jordan said. "You'll just be a little more tired than you would have been otherwise."

Jordan took off his stethoscope and put it back in his black physician's bag. He'd shaved his thick scruff and looked much younger. Julia knew that he and Damien had been close since they were both pups, but with his glasses and beard, she'd always assumed Jordan was older.

"You look a lot younger when you're clean shaven," she said.

"Young? Hardly. Kyle and Katherine are young. I'm solidly in my prime. If you can call it that after my looks have just about gone." Jordan sniffed.

"No! You look very attractive," Julia said.

"Why thank you. I've tried to convince your mate of that, but he's still holding out." Jordan swung his physician's bag over one shoulder and grinned.

"How is Mara doing?" Julia asked, turning the conversation to a more serious topic.

"She healed up quickly. She's strong. Already up and walking around."

"How is that possible?" It boggled Julia's mind that Mara could already be healed so soon after being tortured. Julia had bumped her hip against the kitchen counter last week and the bruise was still sore.

"The same way that Damien's eyes have scarred over," Jordan said. "It's actually somewhat of a defect in shifter anatomy. It's a particular kind of healing enzyme. It attacks scar growth inhibitors while swarming around the area of injury. Blood loss is the only real way to die; most wounds heal up instantly."

"So his eyes are healed up that way?" Julia asked. "But the colors-they shift, they move."

Jordan nodded "The healing compounds in our body are always moving."

"I don't think I've ever healed particularly quickly."

"That's because you've just recently shifted for the first time. Staying in human form...well, it makes you more human. Now that you've shifted, you'll see the wolf side of you more and more."

"So if I get hurt?" Julia asked.

"You'll heal quickly from now on." Jordan nodded.

"I still wouldn't recommend being tortured!" Mara limped through the doorway, smiling wryly. Dee came in behind her.

"I heard the good news," Mara said as Julia hugged her tenderly. "Congratulations."

"Thanks. Are you okay?"

"Yeah," Mara said with a breezy wave. But then her face darkened. "I'm sorry we couldn't protect you. When they woke us up, you were already gone."

"I was drawn away in the middle of the night. You did everything you could."

When she said she'd been drawn away, Julia noticed one of Dee's eyebrows rise inquisitively.

"Jordan," Mara said, plunking herself down next to Julia. "My ankle is still swollen."

"Perhaps you should be resting like a certain doctor told you to."

"I'm helping Kyle and Katherine build their cabin," Mara said. "I just need some more painkillers."

"What you need is to sit down and leave that ankle be," Jordan admonished. "I'll bandage it and you can ice it, but no more working on the cabin. Sit on a log and do quality control if you insist on helping."

Mara rolled her eyes.

"Let's take a walk, child," Dee said. "Some light exercise is good for the babies. Right, Jordan?"

"Yes ma'am," Jordan said.

Julia and Dee went outside, leaving Mara to argue with the doctor, and walked parallel to the tree-line. The night was refreshingly cold, and the sky was clear and alive with stars.

"So" Dee said, once they were far from the house. "You were drawn away that night?"

"It was the werewitch," Julia said. "She showed me the path to where she was living."

Dee nodded. She hesitated, looking vaguely troubled. "I don't imagine you'll ever run into the werewitch again, but if you do, I think you should keep your distance. One can never be sure of the intentions of such...unearthly beings."

The word "unearthly" prompted Julia to tilt her head back and soak in the stars...and just as she did, as if the sky were waving hello, a hot white streak arced across the dark canvas.

Both Julia and Dee spoke at the same time: "Did you see that?"

Julia giggled. "Do you remember when you told me about what they were? You said the stars were souls trying to find Earth, and when they came here to their bodies they lit up the sky."

"Those are the old shifter legends," Dee said. "I just couldn't tell you that at the time. So I just told you it was something your parents believed."

"I always thought when I saw a shooting star that maybe it was them, coming back to Earth to be born again."

There was a question that had been bouncing around in the back of Julia's head ever since she'd learned she was a shifter, and now it came to the front.

"Dee," Julia said. "Did my parents...you said they died in a car crash." She saw Dee's eyes cloud over as she spoke the words.

"Do you remember?" Dee asked, her voice a whisper.

"I remember living in the cabin when I was young."

"The two of them lived on the edge of the territory. They were a strange couple. I'd always known your mother was a strange girl. My little girl. But neither of them were like the rest of the pack. They never hunted for sport, or practice. Truth be told, they loathed the violent ways of the pack. But they were purebred - they could travel anywhere in human form without being noticed by other shifters, so they were useful to the pack."

"Were they...killed?" Julia swallowed the lump in her throat. She almost didn't want to hear the answer. But there had been so much Dee had hidden from her. Curiosity burned through her, and every answer to her questions opened up another mystery. Dee was silent for a moment, and Julia thought that perhaps she wouldn't answer the question anyway. The old, white-haired woman reached up to a nearby branch. Between her fingers, she rolled the thin pine needles, then brought the scent close to her nose, inhaling. Then she spoke.

"Near the end, before we left. The pack wanted to expand into the Karawka region, and your parents would have moved in to occupy the land. It would have been perfect for them-an isolated spot in the middle of a large preserve. But the area was occupied by other shifters, so they fought a battle. The pack leader told your parents that it was their job to fight for the region. I fought there alongside my husband as well. It was a bloody fight."

Dee's eyes strayed to the forest, seeing a battlefield out there in the shadowy depths. Julia inhaled. The air seemed so peaceful. She could not imagine the fighting that her family had to go through.

"The constellations are made up of godly souls, which is why they twinkle so brightly," Dee said. "It is very rare for one of them to fall."

"That was in the book my mother read to me. The fairytale book, when I was little."

"That was the book of Kar. I made a children's copy for her to read to you. All of the tales in there are scripture."

"But then-"

"There were stories in there about you."

Julia smiled, remembering. One of the protagonists of the book was a young girl, so Julia's mom had always read the story as if it were her.

But Dee was not smiling. To Julia's surprise, her eyes were shimmering with tears. A realization jolted Julia.

"It wasn't me," Julia said. "It was just a princess who had frizzy red hair. Someone who looked like me. Her name-"

Julia broke off.

"She was never named," Dee said. "Don't you remember? She was always just-"

"Wolf."

Julia's eyes rose to her grandmother's as she spoke the word.

"I never understood it," Julia said. "I thought it was just a silly nickname. But yes, I remember. The story of Wolf and the-" Her breath caught. "And the Two Jewels," she heard herself finish.

All at once Julia understood why her grandmother's eyes had been shimmering. A void seemed to open in her chest, and her heart began to pound.

"In the end..." Julia said.

"In the end the two jewels are taken from her." Dee's voice quavered. Only for an instant, but enough to make Julia glimpse how old she really was.

"They could be anything," Julia said. "The two jewels could be anything."

"Two rubies, one dark, one light-"

"Stop." Julia put her hands to her head, trying to press out the sounds of the world. She felt them in her, just barely moving, but alive. Distinct presences.

"I'm sorry, child, but we must all face-"

"STOP!"

Dee's presence was still there, and Julia realized that her new sense was a curse as well as a blessing. Before when she'd been stressed out beyond imagining, she would retreat to her room and cocoon herself under the covers. The isolation calmed her down, helped her to realize that whatever she'd been dreading wouldn't be the end of the world. Now, though, she had no way to retreat into the safety of aloneness.

Everywhere she could feel presences of the other people in the house. Kyle passed by outside her door and it was as though he was inside the room; Julia had taken to staying in the bathroom whenever she was nak*d. Even in her bed under the sheets, she felt exposed to anyone who passed near her.

Worse was Damien, for Julia had no respite from his constant emotions. However tiring it was to handle her own, sometimes irrational, emotions, it was more than twice as tiring having to handle Damien's as well. She'd get frustrated while she was writing, and would throw her pen down before realizing that it was simply Damien doing a crossword, getting upset and tangling his moodiness into her attitude without her even realizing.

She did not like feeling so vulnerable. And now, Dee thought that her babies would be stolen away from her...

"I'll leave you be for now, child," Dee said. "But we should talk soon."

"We?"

"Damien, you, and I. The pack. We need to decide what to do about all this."

Julia shook her head. Ideas of safety and home whirled in her mind.

"I need some time to think," she said.

"Think, then," Dee said. "And think on the stories you have already read. But don't go anywhere alone."

CHAPTER FOUR

Damien

Damien waited in wolf form for Julia to shift. She'd taken off her clothes, the fabric falling in whispered rustles to the ground. There had been so many people coming through the woods recently that Damien's nose picked up a jumble of scents. Kyle and Katherine, Mara, Jordan. His pack.

Julia was afraid; he could sense it in their connection. He sent love her way, love and reassurance. Jordan had said it would be fine, and he always knew best. He did not press Julia to go faster. She would shift in her own time.

Damien heard her breathe heavily and then focus her energy inside of her, feeling herself shift into wolf form. Her limbs twisted, her breath strained. She whimpered as the claws came through, and Damien remembered the first time he had shifted as a child, how it had hurt him. Nowadays he didn't even notice. Then she was a wolf entirely, her scent a wolf's scent. There was no human left, and it made Damien c*ck his head before remembering. She was purebred and could be entirely human, entirely wolf. Strange, but beautiful. Just like her.

As soon as she had shifted and fallen onto her paws, their connection strengthened and Damien's senses grew heightened. Damien could smell the dew on the pine needles, the bitter berries in the shrubs along the trail. He felt the brief rays of the sun as they twinkled in through the forest branches, and the cool of the wind as it ruffled his fur. And, too, he could feel Julia's wonder as she stretched her body, newly furred.

He came alongside her and nuzzled her belly with his nose. He still couldn't sense them yet. Their babies. No matter what, Damien knew that she and then were the most important parts of his life.

Julia jumped then, leapt into the air, and the joy emanating from her body rippled through Damien, infecting him with excitement. Then she was running, and he ran after her into the forest.

The air was crisp, clear, and as Damien ran behind Julia he could see-almost, perhaps it wasn't seeing-the branches and the paths twisting in front of him. Perhaps it was his memory of running through the forest that he was seeing, but it came only in brief, momentary flashes of sight, almost like a fragmented dream. If it was a dream, it was a wonderful one.

Then he sensed something else, a scent that crossed his nose and made him stop in his tracks. The flashes were gone; everything was dark again, and Julia stopped in front of him, trotted back, and waited expectantly.

The scent was a bad scent. It was the scent of death, of danger, but it disappeared as quickly as it came. Damien twisted his neck, his nose sniffing the air around them, but it was gone.

He did not want to ruin the moment for Julia. She waited for him, and he barked once, jumping over her back in play and rolling on the ground. They tousled for a while, Damien being careful not to hurt Julia in any way. She seemed to be stronger as a wolf, for she nipped at his heels like a pup at play and ran back through the woods as quickly as she had come. When they finally arrived back at the house, Julia shifted back into human form, but Damien sensed a hint of disappointment in her, a longing for the forest.

"We'll go running again," Damien said. Being human had its drawbacks, but at least he could hold her hand.

"That was so much fun! Did you smell the fish in that stream?" Julia chattered on and on as they walked back. Dee met them at the porch stairs.

"Leader," she said, addressing Damien. "We need to talk."

Damien felt Julia's fingers intertwine with his.

"What's going on, Granny Dee?" she asked.

"Come in first," she said. "In the house."

Damien heard a hint of fright in Dejara's voice and followed quickly. They sat in the living room, Dee on the chair opposite them. When she spoke, it was to the point.

"We have to leave. It would be dangerous to stay here."

There was a pulse of startled emotion as Julia was taken aback. She turned to Damien, squeezing his hand. He furrowed his brow.

"This is because of the scripture?" he asked. "About the twins?"

"Yes," Dee said simply.

"Why?" Julia asked. "Surely it would be dangerous to leave. Scripture is scripture, no matter where we go."

"True, child," Dee said.

"Then you think the twins will be kidnapped by one of Trax's shifters?" Julia said.

"Not Trax's anymore," Damien said, putting his hand around her hip and kissing her shoulder. "And we won't let that happen."

"I'm not sure what will happen," Dee said. "But the predictions made by the gods do not preclude worse results."

"Such as?" Julia said.

"Such as losing not just your children, but your mate."

Julia yelped and shrunk back as though the words had physically struck her.

"That's enough-" Damien said.

"Or being killed yourself," Dee said, her voice rising.

"That's enough!"

Julia shuddered, her breath coming fast and shallow. Damien tightened his arms around her, pulling her to his chest. He opened his mind up to send her his love and comfort, and sensed a ripple of thoughts spreading from her.

No don't take them they can't take them I won't let them I'll kill them I'll-

Damien pressed his lips to her forehead to stem her rising panic.

"Julia, it's going to be alright."

He raised his head so that he was talking to Dee.

"You don't actually believe that nonsense, do you?"

"It doesn't matter what I believe," Dee said. "We need to leave."

Damien ground his teeth in frustration. The pack was just settling in. Kyle and Katherine were almost finished building their cabin. And now Dee was trying to scare them into leaving. He wasn't really angry at Dee-she was only doing what she believed was best for her granddaughter. He was angry because there was no rational reason to be spooked by a millennia-old prophecy...and yet, if he was honest with himself, he was a bit spooked.

"We need to move," Dee pressed. "Get away from here entirely."

"I can't agree," Damien said. "Julia's just starting classes. We're settling down, finally."

"Settle elsewhere."

"You're afraid. I understand you-"

"Damn right I'm afraid. I don't know how many other wolves will know that the purebred shifter is alive." Dee bristled. "We left that

"We're not leaving," Damien said firmly. "Not now. We've spent the past two years searching for a home. I'm not uprooting the whole pack again because of a threat written thousands of years ago."

Dee was silent, but he could sense her reproach.

"Julia is my mate," he said. "I will do anything to protect her. But running away isn't protecting her. It won't do anything to change the danger you think that she and our babies are in. We're not leaving."

"You're the pack leader," Dee said, her tone softening. "It's your decision. I'll be by her side no matter what."

"Then I know she'll be safe," Damien said, trying to repair some of the damage done by the argument.

"Dinner is ready," Dee said. "Come in when you're hungry."

Julia hugged Damien tightly as Dee walked away.

"It's alright," he told her. "They're just stories. I would never let anyone take our babies."

"I know," Julia said, but Damien could hear the edge of fright in her voice. Two jewels, stolen away. Their twins. He kissed her hard, trying to make them both forget their fears. Dejara shouldn't have said anything to scare her. He hadn't thought the old woman would be so superstitious, but there it was. He only hoped that she would keep her mouth shut in front of the rest of the pack.

"It's alright," Damien said again, but he could not forget the scent that had caught him by surprise in the forest. The smell of rot. The smell of death.

CHAPTER FIVE

Julia

The next morning, Julia clutched the edge of the bathroom counter, her heart pounding, waiting to see if she would continue retching or not. Her body didn't seem to care that her stomach was empty.

The doorknob rattled but the door remained shut. Even in her haste to get to the toilet, she'd made sure to lock it. She didn't want Damien to be anywhere near her when she was throwing up. It would repulse him. Besides, there was nothing he could do.

"Are you okay?" Damien asked from the other side of the door.

"I'm fine," she said.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah." Julia gagged again, then caught her breath. "It's just morning sickness, nothing to worry about. I'll be out in a few minutes."

He must have sensed that she genuinely didn't want his assistance because he left. Or maybe he left because he was repulsed.

She supposed she had better get used to repulsing him. Soon enough she would be a blimp. Of course he wouldn't be able to see how big she got, but he'd be able to feel it, which might be even worse. And what about after she was pregnant? Would she be able to get all the weight off? Her body hadn't been great before she was pregnant and sometimes she couldn't help thinking that if Damien weren't blind, he wouldn't be with her.

Of course, that was ridiculous. They had been Called together. They were in love. The fabrics of their lives were completely, beautifully, irrevocably intertwined.

But that was the emotional, spiritual bond. How did the physical bond fit in? Right now it was an important part of their relationship; in a way it seemed blasphemous to acknowledge that-it made their relationship seem superficial, insulted the depth of their love-but it was true. And it was beautiful in its own way: They were animals as well as higher beings, and they craved each other's bodies as well as each other's hearts.

Would that breathless, burning wanting remain? If Damien's physical attraction to her faded...would the Calling fade?

She could feel his strong hands grabbing at her, hear the soft growl in the back of his throat as he closed his mouth on her earlobe. It was a primal desire that was impossible to fake, and the thought of it withering away gave her a panicky feeling in her chest.

Her body was done with its purge. She flushed the toilet, washed her face, and brushed her teeth thoroughly. By the time she spit out the toothpaste, nausea was already swirling in her belly again.

Frustration overwhelmed her. Her first literature class was today, which she was very excited about, but she didn't want to go if she had to worry about scrambling up the aisle to find a trashcan. Of course, with how much college kids drank, that probably wasn't all that uncommon. But it would still be mortifying, especially on the first day of class.

Feeling like a fat, vomitous, uneducated disaster, she trudged back to the bedroom, hoping Damien wasn't there to see her in this state.

But he was there...and the bed was littered with a bizarre assortment of items: lemons, over-the-counter pill bottles, jars of cooking spices, some kind of skinny blue wristbands, a box of fruit popsicles, a box of saltines, bags of potato chips, bottles of ginger ale.

"What is all this?" Julia asked.

"I asked Jordan and Dee what helps with morning sickness," Damien said. "They said there's a bunch of things but what works is different for every woman. So I, ah, I got them all."

Tears sprang to Julia's eyes. The burst of love she felt was too intense to express with words. She clutched the front of Damien's shirt and hugged him hard, almost attacking him.

"Try the lemon," he said, laughing as he pulled away. "It's supposed to be soothing."

Julia sliced one open, put it to her nose, and inhaled deeply.

"Smells nice," she said.

"There's a glass of water on the side table there," Damien said. "You're supposed to drink lemon in it."

Julia squeezed a few drops of lemon juice into the glass of water and drank it, grimacing at the tart taste. Immediately, though, her stomach ceased its gurgling.

"You're a magician," Julia said.

"Feeling better?" Damien asked.

"The best," she said. "I don't feel like throwing up at all."

"I'll shower you with lemons if that's what it takes," Damien said.

"Maybe I'll need a lemon shower to get me through class," Julia said, "but I hope not." She stuffed the ginger ale, crackers, and fennel seeds in her purse.

"Do you know where Grandma Dee is?" Julia asked. Julia had been down in the kitchen earlier and hadn't seen her. Dee had been staying out of the way since Damien had moved into the house, giving them their privacy. It was an odd change from how things used to be. It made Julia feel like less of a child, and probably that was what Dee wanted.

"I think she went for a walk. I saw her go outside a while ago."

Julia kissed her mate goodbye, then kissed him again for being so thoughtful, then headed out.

When she walked out the back door, she was startled to see someone on the porch out of the corner of her eye. It was Dee, sitting straight-backed in a wooden chair and gazing out into the woods like a sentinel.

No-not like a sentinel, Julia realized. She was acting as a sentinel.

A chill worked its way down Julia's spine like a drop of ice water.

"Good morning, child," Dee said. The ease of her voice didn't match the sharpness of her eyes as they combed the tree-line.

"Morning," Julia said. "I'm walking to school with Katherine. I'll see you later."

"Okay. Have fun." Dee glanced at her pointedly. "Be safe."

Julia nodded as she scanned the woods herself. The trees looked ghostly and skeletal in the thin morning mist. The last time Julia had looked at the woods, she'd felt only the giddy urge to plunge into them in wolf form, to chase squirrels and rabbits and weave among the trees and relish the animalistic freedom. But now the forest looked dense with shadows and hiding places.

Anything could be out there, and they wouldn't be able to see it until it was too late.

CHAPTER SIX

Damien

"Dammit!" Kyle said.

Damien cringed, waiting for a hammer to fall on his head. When none did, he relaxed.

Kyle was at the top of the ladder, fastening a wooden slat to the eaves for his cabin. Construction was not Damien's forte, for obvious reasons. He was just there to hold the ladder.

"I really should have bought a level," Kyle said. "It's so hard to tell if this is straight."

"I think the right side needs to be up a little," Damien said.

"Really?" Kyle said in surprise. "I feel like the left side is-"

Kyle broke off, remembering that Damien was blind, and laughed.

"It'll be good if it's not quite straight," Damien said. "It'll add character."

"I can vouch for that," Jordan said as he passed by. The planks he dragged along the ground knocked against each other.

"Jordan, can you take a look at this?" Kyle said. "What do you think?"

Damien heard Jordan ease down the planks and step back to get a good look at whatever Kyle was doing.

After a long moment of careful deliberation, Jordan spoke.

"I think you should have bought a level."

Damien laughed.

"You're lucky I'm not paying you guys, because you'd both be fired," Kyle said.

Jordan said something back to Kyle but Damien didn't hear him. He'd cocked his head. He didn't know why-some subconscious animal instinct had sent an alert through his body. Perhaps the birds and bugs at the edge of the woods had gotten quieter, or a twig had snapped somewhere off in the distance.

And now that he was focusing his attention toward the woods, he thought he could feel something pressing back against his senses...like the weight of eyes watching him.

"What is it, Damien?" Jordan asked.

"Do you sense that?" Damien asked.

"What?"

"I think there's something out there. In the woods."

"Shifters?"

"I don't know."

All three of them went silent as they strained their senses. It was scarcely more than a tingle on the back of Damien's neck but it was still there, and the edge of the forest was too quiet, yes, he was almost sure of it.

It wasn't a pack. If there were any more than one shifter, Damien, Jordan, and Kyle all would have sensed the presences clearly by now. And it wasn't a deer or some other prey because such an animal would have no reason to watch them for so long-if it sensed them, it would have bolted. No, the thing watching them was a predator.

It could be a scout, sent to gather intel on Damien's pack. Or a lone wolf, hoping to get lucky and pounce on a female that strayed too far from the rest of the pack.

Whatever the case, Damien felt that this new presence was a threat.

"I don't sense anything," Jordan said.

"Neither do I," Kyle said.

"Are you sure?" Jordan asked Damien. "Do you still sense it?"

Damien wasn't surprised they couldn't sense it. Because he was blind, his other senses were stronger-maybe that was it.

"We need to go after it," Damien said. He wanted to capture and interrogate the wolf, or if they couldn't do that, kill it. "Jordan, come with me. Kyle, stay here and keep a lookout."

Damien pointed to where he thought the presence was and Jordan led the way. Damien went at a fast walk, trusting Jordan to tell him of any obstacles on the ground. As he shifted his attention to trying not to trip, his sense of the presence flickered, but Jordan should be able to detect it soon enough.

As soon as they broke the tree-line, they shifted. Damien cocked his ears and sniffed. Lurking under the heavy, earthy smells of the forest was an alien scent. It was sweet and delicate, almost like a perfume, and quite unlike any shifter Damien had smelled before. It was also so faint that he couldn't be sure he wasn't imagining it.

"Do you smell that?" Damien asked.

"I still don't sense anything, Damien." There was just a hint of uncertainty in Jordan's voice now.

Damien started moving in the direction of the scent, as best he could gauge it. The sense of the presence lingered on, but that might have just been an aftereffect, like the way his ears rang after he heard a loud noise. He was starting to doubt himself. Jordan should have spotted the shifter-if it was a shifter-by now. Unless it had fled, but in that case, how could they not have heard it?

Damien went faster and faster, deeper and deeper into the woods. Branches clawed at him. The scent was slipping away. Or was it already gone? Had it ever been there at all? He banged into a tree trunk hard enough to draw blood but didn't stop. He wasn't even worried about eliminating a threat anymore-he just wanted to make sure he wasn't crazy.

The noises of the forest dropped off up ahead. There was something there. Damien pushed forward with a burst of speed-

"Damien!" Jordan yelled, and practically body-checked him to halt him.

"There's something up ahead," Damien whispered urgently .

"I know," Jordan said. "It's a fifty-foot drop. We're at the ridge of the valley."

That made Damien falter. A queasy feeling overcame him. He'd just almost barreled headlong over a cliff in pursuit of...what?

He raised his snout and inhaled deeply one more time.

Nothing.

"You really didn't sense anything at all?" Damien asked.

"No," Jordan said.

There was a trace of concern in his voice, concern for Damien's sanity. Damien shared the concern, with some embarrassment on top. He had been in a hyper vigilant mode ever since Julia had returned with the news that she was pregnant; he was bound to get spooked more often. But he had felt so sure...

"Sorry," he said, turning back. "Must have just been my nerves."

"False positives are better than false negatives," Jordan said.

"I don't what that means, Doc."

"It means better safe than sorry, love."

CHAPTER SEVEN

Julia

Julia walked into the house with a shopping bag full of books and found Damien in the kitchen. He was sitting on a chair with his head right next to the open window, listening to the outdoors. Leaning back, he had the front two legs of his chair off the floor in a way that reminded Julia of a cocky high school quarterback. But his face did not match his jaunty posture-his expression was dark, brooding.

"Hi," she said, putting the bag on the table and wiggling out of her jacket.

"Hey." He smiled and sat forward. Julia loved that about him. Even when he seemed to have all sorts of weighty things on his mind, as soon as she was with him, all those things vanished and it was only her.

"How was shopping?" he asked.

She had been walking up to kiss him but now she stopped. "What happened to your head?"

Damien frowned. "What's wrong with my head?"

"There's dried blood on your forehead." She reached up and lightly touched the smudge of brownish-red on his temple. The wound, whatever it had been, had already healed.

"Oh, that." Damien absently placed his hand over her hand on his face, pressing her palm to his cheek. "I just hit my head on something when I was helping with the cabin. A construction site really isn't a great place to hang around when you're blind. I was just about to go take a shower, actually." He cocked one eyebrow while the opposite corner of his mouth slanted up. "Care to join me?" he asked in a low voice that intimated more than a just a shower was going to happen.

"I am feeling a little dirty, now that you mention it," she said. She took his hand and he led her toward the bathroom. Before they went in, Damien stopped Julia and drew her to him in a deep kiss.

"Hey, listen," Damien said. "I don't want you going out into the woods anymore, okay?"

"What? Why not?"

"I'd just be more comfortable if you stayed close to plenty of other people."

A worm of fear wriggled to life in Julia's chest.

"Did something happen in the woods?" she asked.

"No." There was something hidden in Damien's expression, but Julia couldn't figure out what it was.

"Then where is this coming from?"

"It's just to be extra safe. The woods are so big, if anything were to happen, it'd be hard for the pack to get to you to protect you. And it's harder to sense things coming in the woods. Now that Trax is gone, I don't think his old pack cares about us at all, and even if they did, I don't think they'd be organized enough to do anything about it. But you never know. You don't need to be scared, but as long as you don't need to go into the woods, I figure, why risk anything?"

"Okay," Julia said softly. She reached in and turned on the bathroom light. She was still unsettled, but then they were in the bathroom and Damien was wrapping his arms around her from behind and pressing his lips to the nape of her neck. Her worries evaporated as electric shivers branched from the back of her neck all through her body. She rubbed her ass against him, feeling him harden behind her. He slid his hand up under her shirt and cupped her breast while her other hand undid her zipper.

She turned around and started unbuttoning his flannel shirt, peeling the shirt off even as she popped the buttons, her eyes soaking in his body. His muscles bulged tightly against his skin. His body was so hard, hard everywhere. Finally she pulled the shirt all the way off-

And she paused.

There were little brownish-red streaks all over his arms. More dried blood.

"What's wrong?" Damien asked.

She ran her fingers lightly down his forearm. "Why are you all scratched up?"

He stiffened. Hesitated. The reaction was brief and subtle, barely perceptible, but she could read him well, and she was confident that his voice was not natural when he spoke.

"Huh...I didn't know I was scratched up."

A sinking feeling ran through her. He was hiding something.

"You didn't get that scrape on your head from the construction site, did you?" she asked.

His lips parted and he hesitated. Then his shoulders sagged.

"I just side-swiped a tree trunk. It wasn't a fight or anything."

An angry, panicky feeling sprang up in her. He'd lied to her. Why had he lied?

"Why did you side-swipe a tree trunk?" she asked.

"Well, I didn't do it intentionally," he said, trying his luck with a half-grin.

Julia did not smile back. "You were running through the woods."

"Yes."

"Why? What happened in the woods, Damien?"

"Nothing. I thought I sensed something but I was just imagining it."

Julia's heart was thumping now. "What did you sense?"

"I didn't sense anything-"

"What did you think you sensed?"

"I don't know. A shifter, maybe. But-"

"How do you know you were imagining it?"

"Because Jordan and Kyle were both with me and they didn't sense anything. We went into the woods and there was nothing."

Julia's fear was ebbing a bit, allowing her anger to swell in its place.

"You lied to me, Damien."

"This is exactly why I didn't tell you, because I didn't want you worrying over nothing. Nothing happened."

"If it was nothing, why are you suddenly telling me to stay out of the woods?"

"It's just-"

"Do you think you actually sensed something out there?"

"No...but I can't be sure."

"So what else haven't you been telling me?"

Damien's face hardened. "Don't do that."

"Do what? It's a completely legitimate concern. You tell me Dee's wrong and everything's fine and then you hide something like this from me? How am I supposed to feel right now? How am I supposed to believe we're really safe?"

"What the hell do you think I'm trying to do here, Julia? You think I'm lying to you to try to keep you in danger? What do you think we should do?"

Julia had not been ready for that question. The fact that she found herself at a loss only stoked her anger. "I-I don't know," she said.

"Well neither do I," Damien snapped. "Is that what you want to hear from me? I don't know. I do think we're safe here, I think we're better off staying here than moving, but I don't know. And until we do know for sure, I think we should err on the side of safety. I'm trying to keep everyone safe and happy and I'm doing my best. If you have any ideas, by all means, share them."

"You should have told me," Julia said coldly.

Damien said nothing, and Julia pulled her clothes back on quickly, waiting for him to say something, anything. All she got was a coldness, their connection strained with anger.

"Fine," she said. "I'll stay out of the forest."

Damien opened his mouth to speak but she stalked away angrily, closing the bedroom door behind her harder than she should have.

She knew she was being unreasonable. Damien didn't have a crystal ball any more than she or anyone else did. But she wanted him to have the answers. Maybe it was the maternal hormones talking, but shouldn't her mate be able to protect her? And if he had any doubts as to her safety, he should do whatever he had to remove those doubts.

Yes, surely that was the hormones talking.

But she did have a right to be angry at him for withholding what had happened in the woods today. For lying to her. It didn't appease her at all that the reason he'd lied had been to keep her from worrying. She was not a child, and Damien was not her father. How could she trust him now when he told her they were safe? How did she know he wasn't distorting the truth?

She could sense Mara in the kitchen and Dee somewhere upstairs. They'd probably heard her fighting with Damien, the thought of which irritated her. Their presences crowded her mind. She needed to be alone.

She went outside, thinking up cutting retorts she'd wished she'd thought of during the argument. She was almost to the tree-line when she stopped walking with a bitter little laugh. Over the past few weeks, she'd developed a habit of going out into the woods whenever she wanted to be alone, so she'd been heading for the forest just now without even thinking about the fact that the forest had been at the center of her and Damien's fight; she'd agreed not to go out there anymore.

So now she couldn't even have her privacy.

Then again, Damien's whole justification for not telling her about his scare in the woods today was that nothing had actually happened; he'd insisted that avoiding the woods was just an extra precaution. So it shouldn't hurt to disregard that precaution once in a while. Especially if she stuck to the trails.

With a thrill of defiance, she walked into the forest.

The brisk night air and the soft, rhythmic humming and chirping of insects allayed her anger. She'd always found trees soothing as well-just the fact that they stood there so impassively and seemingly eternally, like ancient wisemen who knew better than to let little things trouble them.

A rustle of leaves stopped her floating thoughts. Julia spun around, her heart jammed in her throat.

Damien might have been wrong to withhold things from her, but he was right that she should stay around other people whenever possible. All at once she felt foolish for coming out here alone. No, worse than foolish-selfish. Because she wasn't alone. The twins were with her.

Had she heard something back there? A crackling of branches?

She strained her ears as her eyes frantically combed the underbrush. The shadows of the forest suddenly seemed deeper. Every bush became a hunched predator primed to lunge. Her heart thudded in her skull like a suspenseful drumbeat in a movie trailer.

Well, sure, she probably had heard something. There were plenty of animals out here, plenty of small, harmless creatures; her passing through had probably unsettled a rabbit or-

She heard it again.

And again, and again. Soft rustles.

Just as she realized she was hearing footfalls, a figure melted into focus out of the shadows. Walking straight toward her.

Julia opened her mouth to scream and was planting her foot to bolt when the voice called out.

"Julia? It's Mara."

Julia let out her breath in a burst and her body slumped with relief. Then she could sense it-Mara's scent, familiar and comfortable. She must have been downwind.

"Lord, Mara, you scared the hell out of me. Do you always walk so stealthily?"

"Sorry. It's a good habit to have, usually."

"Did Damien tell you to look after me?" Julia asked, tasting the dregs of anger again.

"Everybody is looking after you. We're all in this pack together." Mara shrugged. "I just didn't think you should be alone in the forest at night."

Of course. Now Julia felt bad for questioning her motives.

"Sorry," she said. "I'll come back with you."

"Actually, I'd love to take a walk, if you want to keep going."

"Sure." Julia smiled.

"There's a stream not too far from here. It's really pretty when the moonlight hits it right."

So they continued walking. With Mara by her side, Julia thought that the forest once more seemed serene and beautiful. The moonlight cast dappled silver puddles over the ground and every now and then an owl hooted in the branches.

"How are the babies?" Mara asked.

"They're good. As far as I know. Jordan says everything looks good so far. "

"Can you...feel them in there?"

"I can sense their presences, but they're too small for me to physically feel them yet."

Julia noticed that Mara had a funny little grimace on her face, as if there was something she couldn't puzzle out.

"What?" Julia said with a laugh.

"Oh, sorry. I was just trying to imagine what it's going to feel like. When they get bigger." She shook her head a little. "Pregnancy has always seemed very strange to me. I don't think I'm meant to be a mother."

"Pregnancy is strange when you really think about it," Julia said. "I don't think that means anything about whether you're meant to be a mother."

"I don't know. It just seems like most females I know, they want babies without any doubt at all. Having kids is this huge deal-it's the biggest change you could ever make in your life-and people treat it like it's not even a decision, it's just a matter of when and with whom. I think I want kids but at the same time it scares the hell out of me. No one else seems to feel that way. "

"I think it's supposed to scare you. In fact, if you truly weren't scared at all, then I might wonder if you're fit to be a mother. I'd wonder if you understood how big of a responsibility it is, you know?"

"Yeah. I guess you're right," Mara said. "Good thing I'm scared as hell!" She chuckled.

"Finding the right mate also changes how you feel about having kids."

"That's true," Mara said musingly. "I was Called once. We weren't together long enough to talk about babies, but I'm pretty sure I would have."

Something about the way she mentioned this former mate made Julia think that the relationship had ended badly. Julia's first instinct was to change the subject, but Mara had been talking quite candidly.

"What happened to your mate?" Julia asked.

"He died," Mara said. Her tone was matter-of-fact, but Julia thought she could sense the bitter pang behind her words.

"Who was he?"

"He was a member of Trax's pack. Antonio." Mara was silent for a time, remembering. "He was ambitious. I liked that, a lot. You know how when you're a kid, you feel like you can be anything and have anything when you grow up? But for most people, when they get older, that ambition just levels out. Most people are content with...being content, you know what I mean? Antonio always wanted more. He didn't want to only be another shifter. He wanted to be great." Mara's eyes flashed with moonlight as she looked upwards toward the sky.

"But he was small. Strong, for his size, but small. He thought Trax was a bad leader...so one day, he challenged him."

Mara said no more, and Julia put two and two together.

"I'm sorry," Julia said.

Mara nodded her thanks.

The sound of gurgling water was rising up ahead. The woods opened up and there was the stream, sliding languidly over a bed of smooth rocks. The moon was directly overhead and it gave the water an ethereal shine.

"It's beautiful," Julia said.

"Yeah," Mara said, but Julia could tell her thoughts were elsewhere.

After a while, Mara asked, "Do you believe that Damien was meant for you?"

Julia thought about that for some time. "I do believe Damien is the one-I know he's the one-but I think that if my life had been different, I would have found a different one. Maybe that means 'one' isn't the right word."

"No, I know what you mean. I feel like Antonio was the only one because I'm never going to meet anyone exactly like him and that means I can never be in love with anyone in exactly the same way. But that's okay. I can fall in love again and it can be totally different and still just as good. That's what I try to tell myself, anyway."

"I'm sure you're right. You'll fall in love again." Julia's heart swelled in her chest when she looked at Mara, so beautiful and young.

"Thanks," Mara said. "I'm really not looking, though."

"Really?"

"Well, I mean, I'm not opposed to finding a mate, but I don't really believe in looking. I've never understood how some people-most people, it seems like-always want to be in a relationship. Like, even when there's not a particular person they're interested in, they just hate being single. I love being single. When you're single, you're free. You can just do whatever you want and you don't really have to worry about anyone but yourself. When I met Antonio-he made me not want to be single for the first time in my life, and that's how I knew he was the one. So until I find someone else who can make me want to be in a relationship...I'll just continue not wanting to be in a relationship. I guess it works out pretty nicely." Mara paused thoughtfully. "You know, I've heard people say you should, like, keep your heart wide open. Let yourself fall in love freely. I kind of think you should do the exact opposite. Put up walls around your heart. Guard it. And if someone can break through those defenses...that's how you know." She paused again.

"Or no one will break through and I'll die alone." Mara laughed. She seemed genuinely amused, which surprised Julia. That notion would have terrified her. "Don't worry, I hope you don't have to go through any of what I went through."

"Damien's the first boyfriend I've ever had, so I've never been hurt before," Julia said. "I'm lucky. But I could only imagine...if Damien died, or left me...I would be so hurt that I'd never want to open myself to the possibility of that much pain again. But I would want to love again, eventually. And if you want to love again, I think you have to open your heart at least a crack. Being in love, sharing love, requires vulnerability. You can't be invincible."

"You ever notice how addictive it is to talk about relationships?" Mara asked, her chin in her hand.

Julia laughed. "I hadn't, but you're totally right. I guess it makes sense. Most of life comes down to relationships."

"All of life does. Speaking of which, how are you and Damien?"

Julia cast her eyes downward. She wondered how much to share for only a moment before speaking.

"Well...we're not great. We just had a fight. It's funny. When we first got together, I remember thinking that I couldn't imagine fighting with him."

"Really?" Mara's laughs rang loudly through the dark trees beyond the stream. "My relationship with Antonio was pretty much founded on fighting."

Julia smiled, but the smile faded quickly.

"It's not like either of us is going to actually win the fight-we both think we're right. So we just both apologize and move on. But I don't want to do that. I'm mad at him. I know being mad at him isn't going to accomplish anything but I still am."

She picked up a pebble and threw into the stream. It hit the water and skipped once, then sank with a tiny splash.

"Well," Mara said, "in two days you'll forget it ever happened. You know, as much as I like the freedom of being single, when you're in the right relationship, there's nothing like it. But I think it's easy to forget that when you're actually in the relationship. You forget how nice it is that you're never really alone; even if you're apart from each other for a long time, even after you have a fight, they're still there for you. When you can't be with the person you're in love with, you realize that it's, like, a binary thing - either you have the person you love, or you don't. And if you do have it, everything else is just background noise."

CHAPTER EIGHT

Damien

Julia went to bed before Damien and left for class in the morning silently.

They hadn't talked at all since the fight. Her frustration built on his, tearing at the bond between them, stretching the fibers of their connection.

He thought about the fight as he lay in bed, inhaling the crisp air streaming in through the open window to calm himself. If he just apologized, it would be over. Continuing to be angry at each other served no purpose. He had lied. But it was a white lie, one meant to preserve her happiness. Everyone tells a small lie or two to their significant other occasionally...don't they?

A sound from outside snagged his ear, in the planter below the open window. It was so faint he couldn't tell exactly what it was-something scraping the dirt, maybe, or a few leaves brushing against each other-but it was definitely the noise of some small movement. A squirrel or a rabbit, probably. Damien rolled over in bed.

Was there any practical benefit to telling Julia about his scare in the woods? Not really. She'd be more careful now, but she would have been more careful anyway because he'd told her to stay out of the woods. Never mind the fact that she actually had gone into the woods immediately after their fight, which angered him. He hoped she'd gone because she genuinely wanted to be alone and not just to spite him. Because if she had put herself and their children in danger just to spite him...

No. She would never do that.

Damien still felt he hadn't done anything wrong in not telling her about the scare. She would have been just as safe either way. Shouldn't a man prefer that his mate be safe and happy as opposed to safe and scared? His mind swirled with questions he'd never thought through before.

A door opened downstairs.

Damien listened curiously. Julia had only left fifteen or twenty minutes ago. And the other members of the pack usually knocked before coming in.

There was no more noise, and Damien sat forward, scrunching up his face in concentration. He heard nothing. Nothing at all. He could always hear people when they walked in-clothes rustling, floorboards creaking, joints popping. In fact, it was strange that whoever it was hadn't already called out a hello.

He opened his mouth to call out a hello himself, but something held his tongue.

There were no scents in the air, not even the lotion Julia put on every morning. He opened his mind wide, trying to sense a familiar presence. There was absolutely nothing.

His chest felt hollow and his heart was starting to beat too fast. Maybe the wind had blown the door open, though he could have sworn he'd heard the creak of the knob turning, the click of the latch bolt.

Leave.

The thought fluttered at the edge of his consciousness. A blur of other thoughts was whirling around his skull but for some reason this particular thought stood out.

As quietly as he could, he slid out of bed, wanting to be on his feet if something attacked him. There was still dead silence in the house.

The pack is in danger you can't stay here you have to-

Damien felt a jolt. This stream of thoughts was in his head. Yet the thoughts were too distinct, more distinct than any of his other thoughts, as if he were hearing another person's voice in such a way that it bypassed his ears and ran straight into his mind.

He shook himself, trying to clear his head. This was nonsense.

"Julia?" he called.

Nothing.

"Dee?" He walked to the doorframe, his head cocked. "Who's there?"

Nothing.

Then, downstairs, a floorboard creaked.

The tiny noise snapped Damien's composure. He flung the door shut, lunged over to the window, and shouted as loudly as he could.

"KYLE! KATHERINE!"

Turning, he felt his body ride the edge of shifting, his wolf form intruding as adrenaline urged him to fight. He expected to hear footfalls thundering up the stairs as the intruder abandoned stealth and charged, but the silence held. And then, in the silence, one word that blasted through the darkness and left his ears ringing even though he swore he heard nothing.

LEAVE!

Damien fell to his knees, clutching his head as the sensation in his head. It reminded him of his connection with Julia, only a dark and perverted version of that connection. This bond was controlling, the thoughts penetrating into his skull without thought as to the intrusion.

"Damien?" Kyle's voice rang from the clearing and came into focus as Damien forced the alien thoughts from his mind. A second or two later. a door banged open downstairs and Kyle yelled again, this time from inside the house.

"Damien?!"

Damien yanked the door open again, still primed to lash out if anything came at him, and called out downstairs.

"Kyle, be careful! Something came into the house."

"A shifter?"

"I don't know," Damien said, his muscles twitching, on edge.

"I don't sense anything," Kyle said. "Wait where you are. Don't move."

Kyle dashed up the stairs and looked in every room. Then he rushed back down and covered the first floor. Damien waited helplessly, cursing his blindness.

Finally, Kyle came back up the stairs, no longer in a hurry.

"There's no one here," Kyle said. "What happened?"

Damien's fear over an intruder was dissipating just as a very different fear curled itself snugly around his heart.

Another false alarm. It was the second time in as many days that he had been sure he'd sensed something when there was actually nothing.

Was he going crazy?

"Was the back door open when you came in?" Damien asked.

"It was open a crack, yeah. You heard something come inside?"

"I heard the door open...and then I thought I heard..." Damien trailed off. He'd thought he heard a floorboard creak. It could have simply been the house settling. Houses made noises all the time.

"Could the wind have blown it open?" Kyle asked.

Suddenly Damien remembered that rustle of movement outside his bedroom window.

"Come outside with me, I want you to look at something," Damien said.

He led Kyle around the house to the planter beneath the window.

"Do you seen any footprints or anything in the planter? Earlier I thought I heard something right about here."

Kyle stepped into the planter. Damien waited anxiously. He didn't know if he wanted Kyle to find something or not. Either there really had been an intruder, or he was insane. Neither was an ideal outcome.

"There's a few footprints," Kyle said, and Damien's insides clenched. "I mean, I don't know. There's footprints everywhere. Julia was planting things last week."

Damien frowned.

"Are there prints that aren't Julia's?" he asked.

"How should I know?" Kyle asked.

"You're a wolf, dammit," Damien said, trying to make the half-joke sound friendlier than he felt at that moment. "Don't you know how to track?"

"By scent, yeah!" Kyle said. "Sure, but the only scent here is from members of the pack."

"Pack? What pack?"

"Our pack," Kyle said, beginning to fray at the edges of his patience. "Your pack. It smells like Julia in here."

"I know how it smells," Damien said.

"Well, then, why'd you yell like the moon had gone out?" Kyle asked. "You scared me."

"Those footprints," Damien said, latching onto a new thought, "You're not sure they're Julia's?"

"Again with the footprints?"

"Kyle, just tell me."

Kyle sighed.

"They look like Julia's. Definitely too small to be you or me, or any of the males," he said.

"Which direction do they go outside of the planter?"

"Well...it looks like..." Kyle's voice trailed off.

"Looks like what?

"I can't find any footprints leading away."

"No prints?"

"Maybe Julia was too light. Or maybe it's a kid, Damien."

"A kid?"

"Kids all think these Victorian-looking houses are haunted. You know, I'd bet one of his friends dared him to open the door and then run for it."

Damien nodded slowly. That seemed pretty reasonable-at least, more reasonable than anything that had occurred to him, but his mind was reluctant to accept the reasonable explanations. Still, it wouldn't help things to stand here and argue with Kyle for any longer.

"Do me a favor and don't mention this to Dee or Julia, will you?" Damien said.

"Sure thing," Kyle said. But there was more than a trace of wariness in his tone. Damien went with him as far as the porch steps and then retreated into the house. He locked the door behind him and slid the bolt into place.

CHAPTER NINE

Julia

Her literature class was called Rhetorical Technique Analysis of Poetry of the Second Romantic Generation. Damien joked that he'd gotten bored before she'd even finished saying the name of it, but Julia was excited. She loved poetry - the harder to understand, the better.

When she read a novel, the words were like the camera in a movie. Assuming it was well done, she didn't even notice it. She saw straight through and got lost in the story, ignoring everything else.

That was great in its own way, but she loved that poetry was almost completely the opposite. The language was the story. The words kindled emotions by how they sounded and interacted, not just by the meanings they represented.

And because of this, because the rhetoric itself was the focal point, you could be confident that everything about a poem was deliberate. Julia saw poets less as artists than as meticulous engineers who were concerned with the function of every single little piece of their creations, every cog in the machine. It fascinated her to imagine what was going on in the poet's mind when they were crafting a piece, to try to infer why they picked this word instead of that one, why they placed this dash here and that comma there.

The professor of the class was a burly man in his fifties with a crown of brown hair. Julia got the impression that he wished he was a Victorian-era English aristocrat. His default expression was haughtily thoughtful-Julia kept waiting for him to stick out his pinkie while drinking from his mug-and he enunciated his every word slowly and precisely, like an English-as-a-second-language teacher demonstrating proper pronunciation. He clearly liked to hear himself talk.

He spent almost the entire lecture reading the syllabus. Considering that the class would be expected to interpret complex poetry, you'd think they could be expected to grasp a plainly written syllabus on their own. The rest of the lecture wasn't much better-he just talked about John Keats's childhood.

Julia remained upbeat, though-what she was really looking forward to was the discussion section afterwards.

However, as it turned out, the teaching assistant wasn't really looking for discussion.

The TA was a lanky woman who looked young enough to be an undergrad. Sharp face, black-rimmed glasses, porcelain skin that contrasted strikingly with her short black hair. One whole arm was sleeved in colorful tattoos.

"We'll start with the first poem of the packet, and go through as many as we have time for," the TA said, popping a mint into her mouth. "Okay? Lines 6-8. Anyone want to do a close reading?"

Julia looked down at the page and reread the lines to herself.

Huge cloudy symbols of a high romance,

and I think that I may never live to trace

Their shadows, with the magic hand of chance;

She'd read the poem before, many times. Keats was one of her favorites. Still, it took some courage to raise her hand.

"Yes?" The TA didn't seem to care who Julia was, or what she wanted to say. Julia licked her lips before she spoke.

"I think that Keats is saying that the clouds in the night sky are love-well, symbols of love, because love isn't something you can grasp tangibly. Like clouds." The TA looked at Julia with pity, and Julia stammered on. "And love is magic. Some of it is due to fate, and some to chance, but Keats is saying that he might die before he gets to know love. "

"Can anyone here tell me the definition of a romance?" the TA said.

A blonde girl who looked like she was in high school raised her hand. The TA called on her.

"A romance refers to a medieval narrative," the girl said smugly. "It usually follows the epic struggles and exploits of the romantic hero."

"Which means that this isn't about love," the TA said. "Or at least, not when you look below the surface. Anyone else?"

Julia flushed hot as she slumped down in her seat. She was relieved to hear a boy behind her whisper to someone sitting next to him: "How the f**k were we supposed to know that?"

The class wore on and Julia was surprised to find herself looking at the clock to see if it was time to go. When the TA finally dismissed the group, Julia waited for Katherine outside.

She looked at the students passing by. They all looked so young. Then she scented Katherine through the crowd. Turning her head, she saw the younger woman with a broad smile across her face.

"Julia!"

Julia was so relieved to be back with someone from the pack. She hadn't thought of it during class, but now her muscles went relaxed, as though she'd been tensing up.

"Hi Katherine!" Julia gave her a quick hug and they walked alongside the sidewalk.

"How are your classes going? Do you like it?"

"Yeah," Julia said.

She said it without thinking-but after she'd said it, she did start thinking. Had she actually enjoyed sitting through her classes? Hell, she'd struggled to stay awake during that last section.

She'd probably just built college up in her mind to an unrealistic extent, and she would have been a little disappointed no matter how good her classes were. Maybe it was because it was only the first week and none of her classes had gotten to the interesting stuff yet.

She'd wanted to go to college so badly for so long-of course she liked it.

"How's that poetry class you were so excited about?" Katherine asked.

Julia couldn't even pretend to herself that the poetry class was not disappointing. She sighed.

"Not as good as I thought it'd be. The material's interesting but I'm not crazy about the professor or my TA. And the discussion section...well, there's really not that much discussion. I don't think many people in the class really want to be there."

Katherine frowned. "Then why are they there?"

"To get jobs."

That made Katherine look even more quizzical. "Humans have poetry analysis jobs?"

Julia laughed. "No, not really. Poetry analysis is just one part of the English degree."

"Ah. And the English degree gets you a job, right?"

"Well...theoretically. How do you like your class?"

"Classes," Katherine said, clearly proud. "I decided to take two."

"Good for you," Julia said. "Which two?"

"Human anatomy and physiology," Katherine said. "And intro to algebra. I've never done much math; it seems fun."

"That's one way to describe it," Julia said. "I thought you were considering botany?"

"Human anatomy sounds more interesting," Katherine said. "Learning all of the differences between humans and shifters. Jordan was talking to me about it the other day. Maybe I'll end up being a doctor, like him. That would be good for the pack, to have another doctor."

Julia nodded and continued walking. Students brushed past them, walking fast or running to class. Julia put one hand on her stomach and tried not to move as clumsily as she felt.

"What's it like?" Katherine asked, looking over in a somewhat awed hush. Julia nearly laughed out loud at the sight of her staring at Julia's belly.

"What's what like?"

"Having a baby in you. Two babies."

"Well, right now it feels a lot like having the stomach flu."

They both laughed.

"Physically there's not much difference yet, other than the morning sickness," Julia continued. "But everything else is different."

"What do you mean?"

Julia thought about it. She could feel the difference so thoroughly and vividly but she found it was hard to articulate.

"It's like, I suddenly don't matter anymore. In a good way. The best way. Does that make sense at all? My life is them now." Her hands gravitated to her belly without her realizing. "Everything I do, every choice I make, even everything I eat...it's all for them. It's this sense of purpose that's stronger than anything else I've ever felt. In fact it's weird now to think that I didn't always have that purpose; it's like...what did I even do all day when I only had myself to worry about? It's kind of scary how much it takes over your life, how quickly, but it feels completely right, and wonderful. And it's scary-it's really scary-to care so much. But that's a package deal with love."

"I'm so happy for you," Katherine said, and Julia knew she meant it.

Then Julia noticed that Katherine's eye were glistening. There was empathetic happiness in her face, yes, but there was pain, too.

"Are you okay?" Julia asked.

"Yes, I'm fine," Katherine said, and swiped impatiently at a tear that slipped down her cheek.

"What is it?"

Katherine gave a tremulous exhale. "Kyle and I have been trying. It's not working so far."

Julia's heart plunged, weighted with unreasoning guilt. God, what could she say to that? "I'm so sorry. And here I am bragging-"

"No, no, it's good to hear, really," Katherine said quickly.

A long moment passed in silence.

"It's probably better anyway right now," Katherine said, mostly to herself, it seemed.

"What do you mean?"

For just an instant Katherine seemed stricken with discomfort. "Oh, I just mean our den isn't finished yet. We're still kind of unsettled, you know."

But Julia knew that Katherine just didn't want her to feel bad. It wasn't hard to deduce what she'd really meant.

It was not a good time to conceive because they were in danger.

And they were in danger because of Julia.

Julia pressed her lips together. She barely remembered what she said to Katherine the whole walk back. When she finally got into the house and back into her room, she shut the door behind her. Damien was sitting on the chair next to the window, and when she came in, he stood up to hug her.

"Damien, we can't do this," she said.

"What?"

"Wait for them to attack us. Everyone's on edge, scared. I am too. I don't want to feel that way."

Damien's expression was dusky. "What do you think we should we do?"

Julia took a breath.

"Leave," she said.

Damien's lips parted in surprise. Then they pursed in brooding.

"It's not that simple," he said.

"Then what? Sit here and worry?" A lump rose in Julia's throat. "I don't want anyone else to get hurt because of me."

"I can't ask the rest of the pack to pick up and go. Not after two years of wandering."

"Then we go on our own," Julia said, softly but firmly.

On the surface Damien barely reacted, but Julia could sense him stiffen.

"Dee can come with us," Julia said. "If Kyle and Katherine want to stay, they can. Same with Jordan. Or Mara."

"I don't..."

His mouth kept working but no more sound came out. He looked lost. Torn. The idea of breaking up the pack was horrible to Julia; she couldn't even imagine how it felt to him.

"We have to leave, Damien," she said, taking his strong, rough hands in hers. "Together."

And though his expression was still heavy with worry, Damien nodded.

That tiny gesture of assent unleashed in Julia a roaring outpour of love for her mate. A shaky little exhalation escaped her and she pressed herself against him and kissed him fiercely, her hands clutching the back of his shirt.

Her burst of passion set him off. With a nearly soundless growl he pushed back against her, enveloping her, running his right hand up her spine and plunging his fingers into her hair.

CHAPTER TEN

Damien

Damien backed Julia against the wall, her full lips locked in his, so soft. He brushed the tip of his tongue along her lower lip and her body squirmed. Her fingers traced the waistline of his jeans-the light touch made him dizzy-and then worked at the button. Her frantic hunger for him pulsated from her.

Then, out of nowhere, she bit his lower lip. Not just a nip-a bite. She'd never done that before. The surprise gave him a surge of masculine aggression. He tightened his fist in her hair, tugging at the roots and jerking her head back. She gasped in both pain and pleasure. He put his lips right up to hers, not quite touching. She strained forward against his grasp to either kiss or bite him.

"Oh, no," he whispered softly. He held her head back, teasing her. He could feel her presence flowing toward him from all directions, a tornado of emotion. In it flew mixed frustrations and desires, angers and passions. She wanted him and loved him and hated him and was frightened-

Julia put both her hands on his chest and dug her nails into his skin. With a growl he knocked her arms up and pressed her backwards onto the bed, clambering on top of her before she could move. Her back arched against the cool sheets into his broad chest. Warm hands caressed his back, pulling him closer. He slid his hand up her smooth thigh, under her dress, and tugged her panties down.

Then she raked her nails across his back. The pain sent thrills through his back, a burning that mixed with his burning need, and with hers. He grabbed her wrists and slapped them down on the bed over her head, pinning her down.

Careful, careful. The word beat like a drum in his mind as he tangled his limbs over hers, the small bump on her belly nearly invisible but so present. Every motion of his was deliberate, even when he was rough. He would never hurt them. No. And she knew that.

Julia was spread-eagled beneath him now, her body hot under his and her scent tinted brightly with desire. She reached her head up off the bed and kissed him softly, once, on the lips. Slowly, painstakingly, her lips brushed his chin and she lowered her face.

Tease. The abrupt back-and-forth between rough and sensual drove Damien nearly crazed with lust. He wanted her like he never had before.

He kicked his boxers off just as she bit his lip again. He tugged her hair back at the same time that he thrust into her and kissed her again, just below her ear on her exposed neck. She shivered underneath him.

"Oh, Damien!" she said in a half gasp, half moan.

Her warm wetness wrapped tightly around his length. As he drove inside her again, he put his teeth on her exposed neck as if to bite her but then closed his lips gently. Her nails scrabbled over his back. He realized with her sharp inward breath that she wasn't being rough.; she was simply spasming in her climb to ecstasy. The connection between them throbbed with passion. Her panties were still around her knees, her heartbeat thudding in his ears.

"Harder," she gasped.

Careful, careful. He bit his lip, resisting the urge to drive into her too deeply. Still, she knew her limits-and she was pulling him into a faster rhythm. Soon he was pounding her, faster and faster. Every thrust rocked her whole body, rocked the bed, probably rocked the walls. A part of his mind worried he was hurting her, but her hands kept clutching at his back, urging him on.

"Ohh!"

Her cries were getting gradually louder and higher in pitch. Hearing her beginning to rise toward her cli**x made the feeling build in him as well. They approached the bliss in a deep synchrony of body and mind. Their connection sang with electricity.

Suddenly, Damien saw.

There was no build-up at all. One instant his world was black, just as it always was, and the next instant everything was light and shapes and colors just as it had been long ago. He saw his own face, from Julia's eyes but as if through his own. He saw his expression as he pumped his hips, a determined, almost angry look. He saw his stubble, accentuating his jawline. And he saw the knotted scars across his eyelids.

Then, just as Julia cried out, his mind went blank with ecstasy.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Julia

"What do you think?" Damien asked Mara. Julia tensed in her chair at the words.

They were sitting around the kitchen table. Mara had been silent the entire time. Now, as Damien asked her, she lifted her head up and looked at him, then at Julia.

"Me?" Mara asked in surprise. "I don't... I shouldn't have any say in whether we leave. I've just arrived."

"You're just as much a member of the pack as any of us," Katherine said. "We're all pickups. Odds and ends." She waved her hand. "You get it. And you've lived with these wolves-you know how they would attack better than any of us."

Mara looked away and gnawed on her lower lip in thought before speaking.

"This place is good territory. But the wolves here are dangerous. Especially now that their leader is dead. They'll be fighting among themselves to find a new alpha, and they won't want us around. Whoever wins, they'll want to beat out Damien and take over this pack. They'll want to take Julia. They'll want to take her babies."

A black coldness swept over Julia and she crossed her arms over her belly. Obviously she was well aware of the danger, but hearing it said aloud so bluntly somehow made it more real.

"So we'll find a new place to live," Katherine said. "Kyle and I can go looking."

Damien shook his head, the guilt etched clearly into his features. "You've just about finished your shelter-"

"We want to do whatever's best for the pack," Kyle said. "Just give us the word and we'll go."

"Yes," Katherine said.

Their unquestioning readiness to help made a swell of warmth rise in Julia's chest.

"Mara, will you go with them?" Damien asked.

"We can handle things ourselves," Katherine said.

"Traveling with three is safer than two," Damien said. "And Mara knows the land out here better than any of us."

"I'd be happy to go," Mara said.

"What about Julia?" Kyle asked. "Should we take her?"

"I don't want her traveling unnecessarily," Damien said. "We need to pack up our things here. Hopefully by the time we're done you'll have found something."

"But if the other packs do decide to attack-" Mara said.

"We have Jordan and Dee here, if anything happens," Damien said.

"I was wondering when you'd mention me," Jordan said dryly, cracking the knuckles of his hands together. "Good of you to volunteer me for guard duty."

"Anytime," Damien said. Julia sensed the deep love between them. It was true-she'd come to think of Jordan as an extended part of their family. There was no question about his role in their pack.

"If they do come, what will we do?" Dee asked.

"The wind comes out of the valley toward us most of the day," Damien said. "I'd hope we have time to get out before they could come anywhere near. What do you think?"

"I think it's a sound plan," Jordan said. "As long as Kyle is far away so I don't have to stitch up any more of his construction injuries."

"I only cut myself twice," Kyle said.

"That's two more times than your girl," Jordan retorted. "Maybe you should ask her to show you how to use a circular saw."

"It's your pack," Dee said, her serious tone bringing the laughter down to silence. "As long as I can stay with my granddaughter to protect her."

Damien drew in a long breath through his nose and nodded once. Grimly.

"Then it's settled," he said.

Katherine, Kyle, and Mara left to prepare for their scouting trip. Dee put a kettle on the stove.

"I'm going to make you some tea, child," Dee said to Julia. "You should relax. Go sit in the comfy chair in the family room. Would you like some tea, Damien?"

"Thank you, but I'm going to go talk to Jordan," Damien said.

Julia opened the front door for him. As Damien edged his way down the porch steps, Julia gazed past him.

Jordan was standing at the edge of the clearing facing the forest, his head tilted back a little, a tiny figure pleading before a council of slender, looming, many-limbed judges. A high breeze passed through the canopy, rustling the leaves and branches; it was like the judges whispered to each other, discussing his sentence.

"You're letting the chill in, child," Dee said.

Julia shut the door.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Damien

Damien heard the fall leaves crunching under his feet as he crossed the clearing.

"You'd be a terrible ninja," Jordan said up ahead.

"Damn," Damien said, walking up to the treeline. "My dreams are crushed."

He came up beside his friend and they stood there in comfortable silence. The smells wafting from the woods were fresh and vibrant...but underneath the firs and the berries Damien could swear he smelled something else. Something sinister. Like flecks of meat rotting in a predator's teeth.

He knew he was imagining it. But there was something else. Something he hadn't imagined.

"I began to see," Damien said.

He heard the miniscule rustle of Jordan's collar as he whipped his head toward Damien. "See?" Jordan said, incredulous.

"Through Julia's eyes," Damien said. "For just a moment. I saw myself. I think it's happened before, too."

Silence for a moment.

"Are you sure you're not simply thinking up the pictures?" Jordan said. "Julia's thoughts might be so strong that they intrude visually into your mind."

"What's the difference?" Damien asked.

"You wouldn't be seeing the actual world. You'd be seeing it as she sees it."

"Well, I did look rather more attractive than I thought I would," Damien said, smiling wanly.

"More attractive? Impossible." A sparkle of laughter flitted across Jordan's tongue. "You've always been the most handsome wolf around."

Damien smiled, but only for a moment. The image of his own face flashed behind his useless eyes. Of all the things he could have seen, why did it have to be himself? Why couldn't Julia have been looking in a mirror when it happened?

"I saw my eyes," Damien said. "I saw the scars."

"I've never heard of a connection that strong. But then again, I've not met any purebred wolves apart from Julia and Dee." Jordan seemed nonplussed by the information. He'd seen so much, Damien supposed, that the miracle of eyesight wasn't quite enough to get him excited.

"That's it, then? The connection between us?"

"It must be, I suppose. I have to admit, I'm jealous."

"Jealous?"

"Of your connection."

"Is that why you're alright with leaving here? To find a mate somewhere else?" Despite himself, Damien felt a pang of jealousy at the thought of sharing Jordan with someone else.

"There's no mate out there for me," Jordan said amiably. "It's rare enough to find a shifter who would want to mate with another male. And with my discerning tastes...well, I'd never find someone who satisfied all of my conditions."

Damien sensed Jordan's sorrow underneath the joking words.

"You've always been a true friend to me, Jordan," Damien said. He took Jordan's hand warmly and pressed his other hand on top of it. "I'm sorry that I can't be more."

"You have absolutely nothing to be sorry about. I'm happy you found your mate. Truly I am." Jordan squeezed Damien's hand and let it go.

They fell silent. A chilly breeze blew. The trees whispered.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Julia

Julia hugged Mara tightly. Mara seemed momentarily surprised, but then she hugged Julia back just as tightly.

"Thank you," Julia said in Mara's ear.

"Don't mention it," Mara said. "This is what packs do, right?"

"Split up?" Julia asked wryly.

"Packs look out for each other," Katherine said, chiming in. "You need us to go ahead and scout. You can't scout now, not in your condition."

Kyle blushed at Katherine's words, and Julia wondered how much of their conversation she had told him over pillowtalk.

"I'm sorry," Julia said to both of them. "If it weren't for me-"

"Stop it," Katherine said at the same time that Kyle said, "Don't be silly."

"But your classes-" Julia said.

"I'm sure human anatomy won't change that much before I get back to studying," Katherine said. She had a brightness in her eyes. It still felt like an adventure to her, Julia realized.

As the three scouts filed out the door, Damien said, "Be careful."

"You too," Mara said pointedly.

Dee shut the door behind them. The cold winter air swirled in the foyer for a long moment before the indoor warmth won out.

That afternoon, Damien walked Julia to her lecture on the history of the Byzantine Empire. During the lecture he sat on the bench in the corridor outside the lecture hall.

The professor, a ruddy, husky gentleman in his sixties, was an enthusiastic lecturer. A little too enthusiastic, perhaps, considering the topic of today's lecture was the Byzantine bureaucracy and taxation policies. He was also very loud. But he certainly kept Julia's attention. Or at least kept her awake.

Still, she found herself wondering why she couldn't just read all of this information out of a book. There was no discussion. No one even asked any questions. The professor just talked.

After class, she was walking up the aisle when someone came up next to her and said, "Hey."

It was a boy she'd seen in class before, a short boy with gym-sculpted biceps that looked too big for his body. He was wearing a flat-brim cap with big gold lettering on the front and a tight gray V-neck. He had prominent, pearly white teeth and equally prominent pimples all over his face.

"Come to my party," he said. "It's at eight."

It bothered her quite a bit that he didn't phrase it as a question but as a command. Still, she didn't want to be rude. She gave him a regretful smile.

"Thanks but I can't. I have homework to do."

"Who cares? This will be fun." He reached forward and drew one finger down her bare arm.

Julia drew back her arm. Her smile soured on her face. "I have a boyfriend."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah, really. He's sitting right over there."

The boy looked around. "The blind guy?" he said incredulously, and laughed. "He won't even see."

"Very funny."

"Come on, it's Friday, you don't want to come hang out? Get drunk?" He smiled and leaned forward into Julia's space. She felt like lashing out.

"No. I'm pregnant," she said coldly.

That shut him up. In a huff, Julia turned away, strode over to Damien and took his hand.

"You talking about me?" he said lightly as they headed for the exit.

"Some guy was hitting on me."

"That's flattering."

"He was a jerk about it."

Damien considered that. "I could track him down and disembowel him."

Julia smiled.

"No?" Damien said. "Rip his jugular out?"

"Ew, Damien, stop it."

Dusk fell fast as they walked home, but Julia loved to see the moon rising over the pines as the sun set in the opposite corner of the sky. The moon was full yesterday; it had just begun its cycle of waning.

Damien squeezed her hand.

"How was class?"

"Good," she said automatically. "Bad. I don't know."

"What don't you know?"

"I guess I'm just... disillusioned."

"Did they teach you that word in class?" Damien joked.

"I always imagined college to be a place where people wanted to learn. But it's all the same thing as high school-parties and bad teachers and people not doing their homework."

"You're too old," Damien said. Julia turned to see a smirk on his face.

"Excuse me?" she said, her voice arch and sarcastic.

"Nearly a fossil," Damien said.

"Nearly as old as you, you mean," Julia said.

"You know why you're there. They don't."

"I thought maybe I was just stupid," Julia said. "Stupid to think that this would work out."

"It has worked out," Damien said. "We're going to have our babies."

"Our babies." Julia could feel their heartbeats now, as reassuring as her own.

"What do you want to name them?" Damien asked.

"Well," Julia said, "I've always liked Zander. Or Zinn. Something with a Z."

Damien grimaced. "Oh, please spare me."

"What about Gabriel, then? Or Lucian. Raul?" Julia listed off names and at each one Damien groaned more and more.

"Fine, then," she said, punching him playfully in the shoulder. "What do you think we should name them?"

"Channing means 'young wolf"," Damien said. "That's always a nice name."

"Except for when he grows older," Julia said.

"What about the girl?" Damien said.

"Oh, speaking of wolf names!" Julia said. "I found so many good names for girls after I talked with Mara!"

"You were talking with Mara about this?" Damien slapped his hand to his forehead. "I'm doomed, aren't I? I'm going to be outnumbered."

"Luna, obviously, because of the moon. Also Dalia, and Nokomis means daughter of the moon."

"Moon things. Of course. We'll have a couple of moon children."

"And Breah. That means beauty beyond sight."

"I kind of like that one," Damien admitted. "But it's hard to spell."

"All the good names are," Julia said. She shrugged and leaned back, letting the crisp fall wind blow leaves past her face. "Well, we have a long time to decide."

"And argue," Julia added.

"And argue," Damien agreed.

"Julia!"

Julia's head whipped around. Dee was running up the driveway from the house.

"Come quickly," Dee said. "It's Jordan."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Damien

Terror squeezed Damien's heart. His mental gears ground to a sudden halt, as if refusing to process this situation, refusing to find out what had happened to his lifelong friend. He knew it was something bad. A ringing sounded in his ears like a distant alarm, emphasizing his stillness, his inaction.

After an endless instant, his paralysis snapped.

"What is it?" he asked. His voice was strong-his alpha instincts were kicking in. But as he waited for Dee to explain, he couldn't breathe. Jordan.

"He was on lookout at the edge of the woods," Dee said. "I went to get us something to drink, and when I came back he was gone. I heard him howl and I shifted. It was far away, but I sensed wolves."

Julia made an exhaling sound that was like the ghost of a sob. Damien felt a wave of her fear and guilt, compounding his own.

"How many?" Damien asked.

"Lots. Maybe a dozen. I was going to go after him but then I saw you two coming down the driveway."

It was times like this when Damien's blindness was agonizingly frustrating. He wanted to be able to immediately leap into action but he couldn't run fast enough without another wolf to go with him.

"Julia, you should go into the house with Dee," Damien said. "Stay back."

"No," Julia said, "I want to come with you."

Before Damien could respond, Dee said, "We should stay together. A house won't keep out shifters who mean to attack us. I don't sense the wolves anymore but that's not to say they won't come back."

Damien nodded. He was struggling to think clearly through the cloud of fear closing in around him. Jordan-his best friend since they were both pups. At best, he was in grave danger. At worst...

"Then let's go," Damien said.

With Julia holding his hand, the three of them hurried into the backyard. As soon as Julia and Dee confirmed that the coast was clear, Damien shifted. His insides warped and rearranged themselves-as always, it was unsettling for an instant but then it was a relief, as though his body was returning to their natural state. Strength flowed through him as his muscles sprouted more fast-twitch fibers. Fur burst out of his skin, giving him a tingling, liberating sensation all over his body.

The transformation was complete in two seconds, and the scent hit his nose before his front paws even hit the ground.

"Blood," he growled. "Stay behind."

Dee shifted as well. She gave off a different scent in wolf form, a coarse, earthy scent. Damien placed them in his mind by their presences. Dee stayed beside Julia as Damien ran ahead.

He quickly found the source, a damp wetness of blood underfoot at the edge of the trail. This was where Jordan had been attacked. The smell of blood was so heavy that Damien could taste it, rusty and nauseating.

Trying not to let anger overwhelm his senses, he plunged into the forest, his nostrils working feverishly as they skimmed the ground. Small branches lashed his face and he scraped against one tree trunk after another but he barely noticed. Julia was behind him-he could feel her mounting fright even as he tried to ignore all emotion. The trail. Stick to the trail. Find Jordan.

Up ahead, the soft rustling of foliage stopped - a clearing. No sooner had he noticed this than a fresh wave of scent washed over him-blood. Jordan's blood. So much blood.

There's no way he could survive that much-

A half growl, half groan escaped his throat as he batted the thought away. He stepped forward into the clearing and his paw sank into wet ground. Blood-soaked earth, so wet it had turned to mud. The smell of other wolves was here, too, and the smell of fear. The smell of death.

A whimper up ahead made his heart clench and his head snapped up, ears rigidly upright. He hadn't scented Jordan yet but it sounded like his voice just ahead, yes, just ahead of him. Damien's head swam with both excitement at the thought of finding Jordan and terror at the thought of what condition his best friend might be in. Damien moved forward quickly, the danger of other wolves forgotten.

"Jordan?" Damien said.

Yes, it was him, sprawled in the mud, his body radiating sickly heat. His breathing was so faint that Damien had to bend his head down to hear it. He moved his snout over Jordan's matted fur, assessing the damage. Jordan's body was shredded with long gashes from which blood was still leaking freely.

"Jordan, we have to get you back," Damien said. The tense quality of his own voice scared him even more. He heard Julia and Dee behind him but couldn't smell anything. It was the blood, filling his nostrils so thickly that it blocked everything else out. "I'll carry you back to the house. You can tell me what to do-"

"Damien?" Jordan's voice was strangled, weak.

"I'm here, Jordan," Damien said. "I'm here. It's going to be okay."

"Damien, love," Jordan breathed. "Leave now. I'm dying."

"No," Damien said. "No." He didn't know what to do. He needed to stop the bleeding but didn't know how, didn't even know where to start. Jordan's heartbeat was rapid and feeble, the flutter of sound coming muted through his wet pelt. Why were Julia and Dee not helping? Damien couldn't sense them at all anymore. Everything was blood, blood.

"So many of them," Jordan said. "Run...you need to run..."

"Wolves? How many?"

"More than twenty."

"Twenty..." The word came out in a despairing, groaning exhale. Damien's paws and snout were soaked, and his cheeks were wet, too, wet and hot with tears, and they ran down and mixed with the blood and he was pressing against Jordan's body, what was left of it, trying to hold his dying friend together. Then for a single flashing second, he felt their connection, blazing between them like a supernova, and he felt the love emanating from Jordan and the pain, too.

"Jordan, please..."

"Run," Jordan said, and Damien cringed at the fear in his whine. "Run."

"Jordan, no-"

"Run!"

The raw terror in Jordan's voice whipped through Damien's wolf body and made him intensely aware of the sounds around him. A high wind whistled through the trees above, the air seething through the branches.

Julia was in danger. He had to protect her. He had to protect them.

He rose from Jordan's body, the wind chilling his wet fur and sending shivers skittering down his limbs. He tried to think and sense clearly but Jordan's fear intruded and he had to push it away. There were no other wolves around now, not that he could sense. Still...

"Damien..." Jordan's low growl was barely audible. The fear had dissipated, replaced by a peaceful ebbing of emotion.

"I'll always love you," Damien said.

Jordan's emotions wrenched through Damien in one last surge, then faded into nothingness. It wasn't a weakening of the connection. He was simply gone.

"Jordan?" Damien rested his snout on the still body underneath him, turning to hear. Jordan's heart was silent.

Damien would not have been able to see even if he were not scarred, for tears filled his blind eyes and streamed down his cheeks. Jordan was gone. Jordan, the wolf who'd nipped his ears when they were both pups and had just learned how to shift. Jordan, who'd come with him after he lost the fight that cost him his eyes, who'd saved him from death time and again. Jordan, his best friend. Damien could never have imagined losing him, could not have fathomed it, and now...now he was gone.

Damien raised his head and howled, the cry rising into the pines and twisting into the dissonant wind. The sound seemed like it might go on forever, but finally it faded.

As he lowered his head, Julia called his name, a hushed, uncertain call. Strange-he could not feel the connection to her as well as before. It seemed to flicker in and out. Perhaps his connection with Jordan had temporarily interfered with-

The thought jolted him like a full-body electric shock.

Why was Jordan left alive?

"Damien!" Julia cried, and then the full force of their connection slammed back into place. Her fear gripped him at the same time that the scents swirled in his nostrils. A dozen-no, two dozen-no, more-

Wolves.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Julia

Julia's legs stopped moving of their own accord well short of the tree-line, refusing to enter the scene that awaited them in the clearing beyond. The ground around Julia's feet was white with frost as though it was winter, pure and glistening, but in the clearing there were great swathes of scarlet, like some grotesque art installation. The centerpiece was a motionless mass of tattered fur, sprawled in a steaming bath of blood. Julia instinctively put her hands across her belly protectively, her throat gagging.

Damien was in the clearing, sniffing the ground. He had not yet reached Jordan. It tore at her heart to see her mate groping his way toward his lost friend. Damien probably still had hope that his friend could be saved. He couldn't see what Julia did. Couldn't see that there was no hope.

Julia's maternal instincts screamed at her to flee from this place of death as fast as she could, but she could not leave Damien here, not now, and Jordan had been her friend too.

She took a step forward, but Dee moved in front of her. "Let him say goodbye," she whispered.

Damien was now standing beside Jordan and moving his head back and forth over the body as if he didn't know what to do. Julia tried to send him her love across the distance between them. She tried to feel his anguish in a desperate attempt to take some of the weight off his heart.

But something strange was happening. She'd thought she understood the Calling by now, but the connection that had been growing ever stronger between her and Damien had frayed as they followed Jordan's trail. Now it was flickering in and out. Or was she imagining it?

Damien howled. The sound seemed to tear its way out of his throat, so raw and full of anguish that it froze Julia's blood. Dee stiffened at the sound, her hackles rising.

But no-Dee wasn't reacting to Damien's howl. She was looking in another direction.

Julia whipped her head in this direction and found herself staring into a pair of yellow eyes glowing through a tangle of bushes just ten yards away. She turned to bolt but there were eyes that way too. They were all around her.

Lithe, sinewy wolves slinked forth through the trees, jaws dangling open hungrily, eyes burning out of their jet black fur like hellish embers.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Damien

Julia. The twins. He had to save them. Damien's mind raced but it had nowhere to go. He considered attacking the pack as a diversion, sacrificing himself in hopes of allowing Julia and Dee to escape, but that was hopeless.

And yet, if the pack intended to just kill them, they would have pounced by now. What did they want?

"My pack is larger than yours," Damien said loudly, on the meager hope that this was not Trax's old pack but an unfamiliar one. "If you kill us, they'll hunt you down."

"We know who you are," said a cold voice, "and how many you are."

The wolves were in a broad ring around Damien, some of them growling deep in their throats. Their bloodlust was palpable, but they came no closer.

Except one-presumably the new alpha of one of Trax's splintered pack. This wolf's stride was slow and casual, almost languid, his paws dragging slightly along the grass with each step. Damien could sense the bulk of his weight as he strode across the ground.

"My name is Grath," he said. "And you are Damien, the Blind One, are you not?"

"Let the females go," Damien said. "This doesn't concern them."

"I beg to differ," Grath said. He was walking around Damien in a small circle, no doubt relishing how helpless Damien was.

Out of desperation, Damien considered lunging for Grath's throat. If Damien killed him, the others might not know what to do; they might accept Damien as their new alpha. On the other hand, they might rush him without hesitation and tear him to bloody shreds.

"Are you not the alpha of your pack?" Grath said with something like disgust and something like skepticism in his growl.

"I am."

"And you were...crying?" The wolf said the last word as if he'd never imagined having to use it.

Rage boiled up inside of Damien.

"He was my friend," Damien said.

Grath gave a low grunt of distaste, and Damien could picture his sneer.

"An alpha does not have friends," the wolf said. "He has subordinates. Subordinates, mates, and enemies, and that's it."

"How I run my pack is none of your concern."

"Perhaps, but how you conduct yourself in certain other matters of leadership is my concern."

"What do you mean? What do you want?" Damien asked.

"Not here. The whole pack must bear witness. Start running. North."

"Whatever you want from me, you're not going to get it if you hurt them."

Grath gave a bark of laughter as if the notion was ridiculous.

"The females will not be harmed. Now shut up." He rose his voice to address the pack: "Others of his pack may try to track us. Be prepared. Let's move."

They started cantering north through the woods. Damien followed the sounds of the wolf directly ahead of him as best he could, but he still frequently slammed into tree trunks and crashed through bushes. Every time he did, the wolves surrounding him would cackle. Damien was pretty sure the wolf ahead of him was purposely passing as close to trees as he could and hurdling bushes just so that Damien would collide with them.

It was humiliating, but when he slowed down at all, the wolves behind him snapped at his haunches. Soon his sides were bruised and aching and his face was bleeding from scores of scratches.

Julia and Dee were behind him but he said nothing to them, not wanting Grath to know how much he cared about them-he would be more likely to use them as leverage. Grath had said the females wouldn't be harmed, and Damien had gotten the impression he wasn't lying. He took some short-term comfort in this, but not much.

Even though he was not interacting with Julia, and even though their connection was still flickering for some reason, all he could think about was her. Thoughts of her forced out the fear and drove him onward with teeth-gritted determination. He didn't know what he was going to do, what he could do, but he did know he would stop at nothing to keep her safe. Ideally he, too, would survive for her sake, and for the sake of their unborn children...but that was not his priority.

What did Grath want from them? What was he planning to do to them? He'd said the whole pack had to bear witness. To what? Was he going to execute Damien as a show of force, maybe torture him first? Whatever Grath had in store for them, it wasn't good.

Throughout the journey, Damien racked his brain for some brilliant plan, but none came. He was outnumbered, blind, powerless; it was maddening. All he could think to do was try to reason with Grath. Short of that, his goal was simply to stay alive as long as possible and hope that an opportunity to escape would arise, or that Mara, Katherine, and Kyle would track them down and figure out a way to rescue them.

Finally, the pack and its captives slowed down as they approached a heavy concentration of wolf scent, presumably their den.

"We fight later," the wolf said.

"Fight?" Julia's voice was scared.

"Fight?" Damien asked. "Fight who?"

There was no response.

The alpha was huge in human form, his weight thudding audibly when he stepped.

"Will you fight?"

Damien frowned; it was a strange question. If Grath wanted to fight, there was nothing stopping him from attacking Damien. But if there was any hope of resolving this, it would be through negotiation and words.

"There's no need for us to fight," Damien said. "You have your territory; my pack has my territory-

"That's the question here, isn't it?" Grath asked.

"There is plenty of land to go around."

"Not many females, though."

Damien's blood chilled and simmered at once. "You can't have them."

"Then you'll fight?"

"If we fight, I'll kill you," Damien said, filling his voice with a cool confidence he didn't feel at all.

"Supposing you won, you can have our females. There are only two, but they understand the pack's needs quite well."

Damien frowned again. "I don't want your females."

Now it was Grath's turn to sound puzzled. "What?"

"If your females want to join my pack, they're more than welcome, but-"

"Welcome?" Grath hissed. "They would be yours."

"My females decide for themselves which pack to belong to. They're in my pack because that's their choice."

"We do things the traditional way in this pack," Grath said, and Damien could hear his disgust. "The right way. So if you want to keep your territory, you'll fight."

Finally it made sense. Grath wanted Julia and Dee. But he would insist on going through the ritual as though it was a fair fight. That way none of his wolves would see his actions as wrong.

"We don't need to do this," Damien pleaded.

"Please, blind one," Grath spat. "You've been around humans for too long. My wolves and I are not civilized weaklings, we're predators. We take what we want. You're a pathetic excuse for an alpha. Nevertheless, the tradition must be observed. If you want to keep your females-or I should say, if you don't want me to take them-you'll fight."

"And if I don't agree? Will you just kill me?"

"I think you'll agree."

"If I don't?"

"Then you will desecrate thousands of years of tradition that has been faithfully kept in this land."

He leaned forward, and Damien smelled the dead flesh in his teeth as he spoke again, could feel the hot putrid breath of the shifter in front of him.

"But you will agree."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Julia

The tears felt like drops of ice by the time they got halfway down her cheeks. She shivered. Dee curled her body more tightly around Julia, enveloping her in warm fur. They were huddled on the damp stone floor of a cell.

They were going to hurt Damien, Julia was sure of it, maybe even kill him, and there was nothing she could do about it, absolutely nothing, she couldn't even see anything. The darkness was so thick it seemed to physically press against her eyes. It was like being in a coffin.

As soon as this thought popped into her mind, she tried to shove it back out, but it was too late. The walls of blackness began to close in around her and suddenly her lungs felt constricted-she needed more oxygen-she sucked in a ragged, panicky breath but she couldn't seem to get enough, there wasn't enough in the air-

The door flew open and blinding gray light filled the world. Julia cringed reflexively against the back wall of the cell.

The silhouette of a tall, broad-shouldered man split the streaming light. He stepped into the cell, followed by the figure of a child.

Dee snarled, but the snarl turned to a whimper as her body twisted on the ground. At first Julia thought that Dee was being hurt, but then she realized that her grandmother was shifting back into human form. Without wanting to. She lay nak*d and breathless on the ground.

The man tossed a bundle of gray cloth at Dee's feet. A tattered, grimy dress.

"Dress yourself," the man said. "No one wants to see those saggy wrinkles."

Julia glared at the man, hate seething in her gut and helped Dee with the clothes. Tired, Dee pulled the dress up over herself with trembling hands.

Julia turned to the witch, who was watching her with big, bright, blue-gray eyes. These eyes were somehow too innocent, like a cartoon version of a child. Julia recognized the face.

"You...you helped me before," Julia said to the witch.

"You," the man growled, pointing at Julia, and cocked a thumb at the door. "Let's go."

Julia had no choice but to obey. Dee started to follow but the man shoved her back.

"Dee!" Julia cried, but the man shut the door and pushed Julia out with a cruel expression of joy.

They stepped out into the pack's den, a patchwork of thatch-roofed huts and log houses surrounding an expansive, grassy courtyard. The sky was a flat slate of clouds, harshly bright through the clouds. Julia had no idea where the sun was. The forest encircling the den was a dense, dark wall, the sky seeming to seep down in the form of mist along the branches.

"Please," Julia tried again. "Please. You helped before-"

"How did I help you?" the witch said. Her voice was just like her eyes, so angelic it raised the hairs on the back of Julia's arms.

"You lifted the curse," Julia said. "You made me able to shift."

"I did nothing you could not have done yourself."

Desperate frustration built up in Julia and tears stung her eyes. "Why are you doing this? Why are you helping them?"

The werewitch didn't answer.

The man moved them along, directing them into a hut that was actually a covering for a wooden staircase. The steps plunged underground, lit by a weak, flickering torch set into the wall. They were precariously narrow and there was no railing. Julia felt like she was descending into a tomb. Maybe she was.

"Please," she whispered to the werewitch, hoping the man wouldn't hear; she had to keep trying, there was nothing else she could do. "You can help us, I know it..."

Julia voice trailed off into a gasp as they reached the bottom of the staircase and rounded the corner into a huge cavern. Studded with stalactites, the ceiling of the cave was high and arched, the point of the roof retreating into darkness. The many wall-mounted torches gave the air an orange-red hue.

Damien was chained to one of the walls, his arms strung up at his sides.

Before Julia could process any of this, the werewitch said, "Now? Now I will help you more than ever. Ak-kar-ali-ma!"

And as she said this, her angelic voice became cracked and phlegmy, the voice of a shriveled, spiteful hag, a crypt keeper, and Julia's body was frozen still. The witch snapped up one hand to Julia's face and forced a vial between her lips. Julia screamed and thrashed and tried to wrench her head sideways, but the witch yanked Julia's head back and held her chin shut. Acidic liquid filled Julia's mouth. It burned, oh it burned!

Julia tried to spit it out but to no avail. She choked as the burning liquid slid down her throat, hot and sinister.

The witch snapped her finger and Julia fell to her hands and knees, coughing, retching.

"Julia!" Damien strained against his chains, wrenching his body out toward her; the jangle of the iron links echoed in the open space like a grating cackle. "Don't do anything to her! I'll fight! I'll-"

The liquid scorched down Julia's throat like a shot of extra high-proof alcohol, but unlike alcohol, the burn didn't fade. It intensified, it spread. Icy flames of agony licked through her body. Her skin broke out in sweat and gooseflesh at once as the angry fire branched through her chest and down, down-

Down to her womb.

"No," she breathed, pressing both hands to her stomach, the pain abruptly forgotten. Time seemed to freeze, trapping her in that initial moment of incredulous horror.

The steady soft beating of the twins that had become so much a part of her own self had suddenly stopped. She searched within herself for the sense of their presence, but her body was hollow, empty.

"NO!" she screamed, her fingers scrabbling across the skin as though she could find them by hand. "What have you done?! What have you done?!"

"Julia!" Damien cried hoarsely. "Julia, what is it? What is-"

"What have you done?!"

The two shifters standing guard grabbed Julia's upper arms and began to drag her away. Her body twisted as if in death throes, her legs dragging along the ground, her mind a sucking void of anguish. She screamed so hard her throat felt like it was tearing.

"YOU! What have you done!!!"

The witch stood watching her, once again a grotesque caricature of childlike innocence.

The men wrestled her up the narrow staircase and into a room, hurled her into a barred cell, and slammed the door, locking her in blackness. But this wasn't the cell she'd been in before, no, Dee was not here, where was Dee?

"Dee?" Julia moved to the bars, her trembling hands fluttering over the cage that held her in darkness. "Dee!"

Her screams turned into sobs and she slumped against the bars of her cell, her cries coming hoarsely. She lay on her side and clutched her knees to her chest, sobbing into them.

"Damien," she whispered. She could not sense him at all. Her stomach cramped and ached, and she bent over, trying not to let herself imagine the death of her two babies inside of her. There was no blood, but she knew. Gone, gone, they were all gone. All gone away. She had nothing now. Nothing...

All of the energy had vanished from her body, and she did not know if she slept or if she was awake, it was so perfectly dark and silent. It might have been hours or days. Once she slept, and she dreamed that she was a wolf, running through the forest, looking for a stream.

She woke up, her arms tightly wrapped around her belly, already crying. If only she'd never started this, any of this. If only she'd accepted herself in human form and left it at that! Why had she wanted to shift? It was that which had led them back into this territory. If she'd stayed at home, stayed human, none of the wolves would ever have known about her or Damien's pack. If only she'd stayed normal, Jordan would still be alive. Her twins would still be alive-

Julia balled her hands into fists and pounded them against her head, crying hoarsely through her tears. She tried to shift, her fingers scrabbling against her clothes, but nothing happened. She screamed and nobody came.

Lying on the cold floor in darkness, Julia cried and cried and wished that she would die.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Damien

A piercing shrill of fear and fury filled Damien's head. What had they done to Julia? What could have made her shriek and sob like that? The answer loomed up from the blackest corner of his mind but he refused to accept it.

"What did you do to her?" he snarled at Grath. He could feel the veins standing out in his arms and neck. He strained against the chains even though he knew he had no chance of breaking through them.

"You said you will fight, did you not?" Grath said.

"WHAT DID YOU DO?"

"That female is no longer your vessel. You will have no children in my pack"

"What?"

Damien could hear the amusement in Grath's voice; he was relishing this, the utter power he had over Damien. "Your unborn litter," Grath said, "will remain unborn."

Damien's non-comprehension held for one last, sweet fraction of a second. Then the understanding came tearing through him.

"Will you fight?" Grath asked.

Damien threw his head back and screamed in an unadulterated blend of agony and rage. The sound caromed off the cavern walls, multiplying and warping.

"I'll take that as a yes," Grath said.

Damien's body sagged. The cuffs dug into his wrists but he was barely aware of the discomfort, barely aware of anything except one bottomless, inescapable notion: His children were dead. Killed. It was his fault. He hadn't protected her. He hadn't protected them. His babies.

He screamed again.

They left him hanging, and all he could do was talk. He pled sometimes, pled for his life and for Julia's. Then he threatened to kill, to torture. Finally he was reduced to hoarse cries that he could not even hear over the roaring in his ears. All he could say was her name. He apologized over and over again.

"Our babies. Julia," he cried, the words splitting through his cracked lips. "Julia, our babies. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Julia. Julia..."

The rage and grief swirling inside him gradually became so twisted together that they were one emotion, one raw, all-consuming emotion. His chest felt as if his heart had been scraped away, and at the same time adrenaline blazed through his muscles in preparation for killing the monster before him.

A monster who'd murdered his best friend and his children.

Grath and two other shifters took him off of his chains and led him up the stairs. They walked outside for a bit before Grath opened a door. Damien heard whimpering inside.

"Julia?" Damien said.

"Damien," Julia gasped, and Damien stretched forward. He hadn't sensed their connection in this place.

There was a series of small metallic clangs, which Damien guessed was Grath unlocking Julia's cell, and then Julia flung herself into his arms. She clung to him the way a drowning person would cling to a rescue line.

"Damien," she sobbed. "The babies..."

"I know," Damien said, not wanting her to have to say it; somehow that would make it worse, even though it didn't seem like it could get any worse. Damien didn't know what else to say. There was nothing he could say, nothing anyone could say that would make a dent in the pain.

And now he had to tell Julia, who'd just lost her babies, that she was about to lose her mate too.

"Julia...I-I have to fight Grath."

"What?" Julia said blankly.

"Grath wants our territory."

"Then he can have it!" Julia cried.

"He won't listen to reason. The tradition is that he has to fight the alpha."

"You have to fight him all by yourself?"

"Yes," Damien said, and forced himself to add again, "To the death."

He felt Julia flinch at the last word.

"But-but you're blind!" she said.

"Yes."

"That's not fair at all! That's ridiculous!"

"He doesn't care about fair. He only cares about tradition."

Julia was beginning to grasp the implications. Damien could her breathing quickening.

"Damien, you can't."

"I have no choice."

"Give him the territory!" Julia cried. "Just give it to them, we're moving anyway-"

"It's not the land he wants, Julia. It's the females. It's you."

He heard a few expulsions of breath from her mouth, the beginnings of words that died before they could form.

"How can you beat him if you can't see?" Julia asked finally, desperately.

I can't, Damien thought-but then he got mad at himself. He had to kill Grath. He had to. He was probably going to die himself, but he was going to go down clawing and biting and tearing.

"All it will take is one good bite," Damien said.

"Just refuse. Refuse to fight, they can't-"

"They'd kill me. And I doubt they'd make it painless. At least this way I have a chance."

"That's enough," barked Grath from nearby. "It's time."

Julia was yanked away from Damien, out of his arms. Just like that. Gone. He realized in swooning horror that he was never going to feel her touch again.

"No!" Julia shrieked. "Nooo-"

One of the shifters grunted and then suddenly Julia was pressed against Damien once more and she was kissing him and he kissed her back for all he was worth.

Then she was ripped from his arms and he knew the shifters would not let her escape again.

"I love you, Julia," Damien said hoarsely.

"I love you," Julia cried out through tears as the shifters dragged her away. "I love you!"

Grath's presence loomed in front of Damien.

"Shift," Grath ordered.

The feel and taste of Julia's lips lingered on his own. He relished it for one last moment in human form. For the last time. Then he shifted.

With slaps and kicks, the shifters guided him into the cavern again. The cavern was no longer empty; a few dozen people must have been clustered inside down there. Talking and laughter echoed through the room, and Damien felt the air crackle with excitement. The pack had been brought in to watch the fight.

When Grath stepped into the cavern ahead of Damien, a hush swept the crowd, and there was a shuffling of feet as people moved toward the edges of the room. Damien had expected roars of vicarious bloodlust and shouts of encouragement to their leader. The silence was eerie.

He heard a half-stifled moan behind him and knew that Julia had been brought in to watch as well. Helpless bitterness rose in him like bile. He did not want her to see him die. Especially not like this.

No, he snapped at himself viciously. You will not be slaughtered like a chicken. You will fight, and you will kill him.

"Alpha," Grath said. "I will take your land. I will take your mate."

"I will kill you first," Damien breathed.

Grath's claws clicked softly on the stone floor. It was the only sound in the cavern. He could have curled his claws back off the floor, which would have made his footfalls all but silent. He wanted Damien to hear. He was going to draw this out. Relish it.

Damien stayed perfectly still, his every hair bristled, his every muscle fiber humming with electricity. He surrendered himself to his senses.

It was a good thing the crowd was silent. Grath surely thought it didn't matter whether Damien could hear him. Grath's confidence would be Damien's biggest advantage. He paced across from the bigger wolf

"You're a disgrace to our kind," Grath growled. "I kill one of your lieutenants, take your mate, kill your pups, and you want to negotiate? I would have demanded a fight. I don't care if I was blind. I don't care if I was paralyzed. Better to die fighting, no matter how badly you lose, than to live with your tail between your legs."

Damien said nothing. Grath was moving around him in a slow circle, well out of reach.

"That's what you get for trying to integrate with humans," Grath continued. "Their civilization is a veneer. They try to make their own rules but ultimately the only rules that matter are the rules of nature. You begin to forget that if you live too close to them. You begin to think that love is important, and money, and luxury. No-all that matters is winning. The universe is one giant competition. Winning the chase after that deer. Winning a mate. And winning the right to take what you want."

Grath went silent then-completely silent. Not only did he stop talking, the clicking of his claws ceased. He may have simply stopped moving, but Damien had to assume that Grath had curled his claws up off the floor and was sneaking up on Damien on the soft pads of his paws.

This was it.

Kill. That was the only thought in Damien's mind as he strained his senses. Kill.

Now that Grath had fallen silent, tiny noises from the crowd became more prominent in Damien's ears-fabric rustling, feet shifting, throats being cleared. As soft as these noises were, they were enough to conceal Grath's even softer footfalls. Damien had no idea where Grath was.

A breath of air on his right haunch.

Damien lashed around with a snarl and snapped his jaws-but there was nothing there. He'd imagined it.

A laugh split the silence from a completely different direction. Grath was still at least ten yards away; it didn't sound like he'd moved at all from where he'd been when he stopped talking.

A whisper of movement and claws ripped at his side. Damien lunged in that direction but Grath leapt back too quickly. The pain barely penetrated through Damien's adrenaline buzz. Blood trickled down his side but he did not care. He would kill the man who had killed his children.

An expulsion of breath through Grath's nostrils, right in front of Damien. Only as Damien was already lunging forward did it occur to him that the breath had been oddly loud considering that Grath was trying to be stealthy. He was right-Grath had been baiting him-but it was too late. Grath dodged Damien's lunge and raked his claws from the top of Damien's front leg all the way to the back one. Julia cried out. Even through the adrenaline, the pain forced a strangled howl from Damien's chest. He heard drops of blood spatter on the floor.

Half-crazed with pain and rage, Damien lashed out at the spot where he thought Grath was, but the wolf wasn't there.

"Behind you!" Julia screamed.

Damien was halfway through his turn when Grath's jaws locked onto his haunch, the teeth piercing deep into the muscle. Damien tried to torque his body around to bite Grath but he couldn't quite reach. Grath wrenched his head back and forth, tearing at his leg with a mouthful of Damien's flesh. Julia screamed again, her cry ringing through the cavern. Damien thrashed but Grath's bite was too deep.

At long last Damien's back foot touched Grath's front leg and Damien clawed at the leg as hard as he could. Grath yelped and finally released Damien.

Damien's haunch gave out and he collapsed into a growing pool of blood. This. This was it. He couldn't save Jordan, or Julia, or his babies. He couldn't save his pack. It was over.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Julia

He couldn't die. Julia's babies had been taken from her mere minutes ago, and Jordan an hour before that. Surely the universe would not take Damien as well. Surely the universe could not be that cruel.

Though screams and sobs built up inside her as Damien fought, she held them in for his sake, so that he could hear. Thank God the spectators were also silent. Julia was surprised at how subdued they were. A few of them did wear malicious grins, but many more of them looked like they had something sour on their tongues.

As Grath slinked around Damien, tapping his claws on the floor tauntingly, Julia considered calling to Damien to tell him which direction Grath was in. But Grath might twist this to his own advantage. Julia hugged herself, imagining the worst possibilities. Grath would go straight for Damien's throat to end the fight. Better to let Damien focus on his senses, and let Grath be overconfident. The longer Grath drew it out, the more chances Damien would have.

Suddenly Grath lunged, swiping a paw across Damien's flank, springing back before Damien could bite him. Fear clutched at Julia's lungs. She didn't want to watch but couldn't look away.

Someone came up beside her from behind. Julia barely noticed...until a child's voice whispered, "Don't say anything."

The werewitch. Julia recoiled.

The witch grabbed her wrist and hissed into her ear.

"I'm going to help you."

Julia didn't process these words. She wanted to grab the witch's throat in both hands and squeeze for all she was worth. She wasn't scared-the only thing left that they could take from her was her life, and Julia didn't care about that, not anymore.

Julia yanked her wrist out of the witch's grasp but stopped moving at her next whispered words.

"Your babies are alive."

The breath in Julia's lungs vanished.

Had she heard that correctly? Your babies are alive. Yes, yes, that's what she'd said, her babies were alive.

The witch was probably just lying in order to achieve some diabolical end...but if there was even the remotest possibility...

"There's no time to explain," the witch said. She put a hand on Julia's back, a hand that radiated an unnatural but pleasant heat, and slowly slid the hand up Julia's spine while her fingers did a strange, spasmodic tap-dance. For all Julia knew, the witch was putting some torturous spell on her...but if...if...

The witch's fingers splayed over the back of Julia's head, and suddenly the heat emanating from the witch's hand burst into Julia's skull and poured through her body-

Julia gasped. It was the gasp of a drowning soul breaking the surface.

The twins' little hearts pulsed inside her, strongly as ever.

Her babies were alive. Julia couldn't even begin to fathom it, but she was absolutely sure of what she felt. They were alive, alive!

No sooner had she felt this gush of joy than Grath raked his claws across Damien's flank. Julia cried out a choked stream. Rivulets of blood fell from Damien's belly.

"Focus all of your energy on your connection with him," the werewitch whispered urgently.

"Behind you!" Julia screamed, but it was too late-Grath clenched his teeth down on Damien's haunch and hung on as Damien thrashed.

"Focus!" the witch hissed. "It's his last chance! Look at him! Focus on him!"

Julia didn't understand how their connection could help him in this moment. Her mind was a whirlwind. But she had to try. There was nothing else she could do.

Damien collapsed. Grath's mouth was a dripping scarlet grin.

Julia locked her eyes on her mate and poured her soul out to him to strengthen the connection that she had found again with the werewitch's strange hex. Damien, she thought. My love. My mate. Damien.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Damien

Damien was still sprawled on the ground, pain throbbing throughout his body. His strength was literally leaking out of him. If Grath landed one more good strike, even if it didn't kill him right away, Damien didn't think he'd have the strength to continue fighting back.

It was time for him to make his final effort.

"Get up," Grath snarled.

Damien didn't even try. He allowed a whine to come out of him, one he didn't have to fake.

He was hoping Grath would get fed up with his pitifulness and end it-try to end it. When Grath came to rip his throat out, Damien would make his final lunge, hopefully catching Grath off guard. One blind shot at Grath's jugular. He'd have to get the timing and the aim perfect. His chances were infinitesimal, but it was the only chance he had.

"Get up, you weakling!" Grath barked.

Damien.

Julia?

The connection to Julia flickered to life within the cavern, and he thought that perhaps it was like it had been with Jordan, with the connection growing strong just before death.

My love.

He felt her love for him. He felt her fear for him. And he felt her...hope? Yes, it was hope, hope for him, dwarfed by the fear but still a genuine, glowing beam of hope. How could she not be hopeless when she saw him like this?

It happened so fluidly that at first he assumed it was coming from his own imagination. But no-he was seeing what Julia was seeing. It was the same thing that had happened when they were making love. He could see himself, lying on his side, his fur tattered, a dark pool spreading out from under him. He looked more limp and broken than he ever could have imagined himself. He saw Grath stalking back and forth impatiently, a hulking, jet black beast with eyes that glinted orange in the dimness. Blood matted the fur around his jaws and stained his yellowing fangs.

"You shameful coward, GET UP!" Grath roared.

And Damien did. He didn't know how long this vicarious vision would hold-he had to use it now. The mangled muscle in his haunch spasmed and the leg half-buckled but he kept his balance. His every movement twisted and widened the gashes all over his body. He ignored the pain.

He started limping toward Grath, but not straight at him, a little to Grath's left. Grath stayed stock still except that his lips curled back in a grin. Damien got within a few yards of him and still Grath didn't move. He was completely confident that Damien couldn't hurt him, and amused that Damien could be so close to him and have no idea where he was.

But Damien saw exactly where he was, and exactly where he had to strike.

Forward. Up.

Kill.

Damien lunged. Grath barely had time to blink before Damien's jaws clamped down on his throat.

Instantly the vision vanished, but the dark curtain that swept across his vision didn't matter now. Grath flailed his paws, thrashed so violently that Damien was jerked bodily back and forth, but Damien kept his jaws locked as tightly as he could. Hot, rusty-tasting blood poured into his mouth and sprayed against his face. It took all his strength and willpower to hold on.

At long last, the gushing blood subsided and Grath's struggles dwindled to feeble twitching. Then stillness.

Damien dropped the dead weight from his jaws. Grath's corpse slumped against the floor with a wet slap.

"Damien!" Julia cried, her voice bursting with joy. He heard her running toward him. He was blind again but their connection pulsed as vibrantly as ever.

There was no other sound in the cavern. The pack was shocked into silence.

Damien shifted back into human form just as Julia came up to him and pressed her hands tenderly, fearfully, to his wounds. Damien put an arm around her shoulders, mostly to embrace her but also to make sure he didn't collapse. His wounds were bad, but he could tell they weren't fatal.

Jordan will fix it, he thought for an instant, before remembered grief flooded his body. He clenched his jaw.

Now was not the time for grieving. He needed to address the pack immediately, to take control before anything unexpected could happen.

"If any of you want to leave, do it now," he said loudly. "Take nothing with you. Leave the territory and never come back. If we find you in the territory after tomorrow morning, we will kill you without mercy. If any of you want to stay, you're more than welcome to join my pack, but you will obey my rules. Things will be different-a lot different-but I have no desire to run you out of your homes. As long as you agree to abide by my terms."

He turned to Julia, feeling her joy and sorrow mixed together.

"I'm sorry," he said, pressing a kiss to her forehead. "Our children..."

"They're alive!" Julia said. "The babies are alive!"

"Wha-how?" Damien was speechless.

"I don't know. The werewitch..."

Her words trailed off, and Damien sensed the great power of the witch coming near.

"You didn't kill them?" he asked. He pressed his hand against Julia's belly. "They're safe?"

"I gave Grath what he wanted," the witch said, her voice childlike, almost singsong. "He wanted a fight. So much fighting. Now there will be peace until the alpha's child is grown. You will let me stay in your territory?" she asked. An undercurrent of humor flowed through her words, as though this was all a game to her.

"Of course," Damien said.

"Good," the witch said. Damien heard the other shifters make way as she left the cavern.

"Wait," Damien called out. "How did you make me see?"

"I did nothing," the witch said. "It's only the connection. Love works strangely, and it is impossible to force. Grow your love, grow your connection, and miracles can happen." Before Damien could reply, the witch was gone in a rustle of fabric and wind.

"How many of the wolves are left?" Damien asked Julia. He'd heard some movement.

"They're all still here," she said, her voice trembling. "All of them."

"Thank you," Damien said, turning to his new pack. "You are welcome in peace."

From the back of the cavern, Damien heard one female wolf begin to howl, the noise starting low and rising. The other wolves joined her in howling, their keening wails combining to form a sound that united grief and joy.

"Now," Damien said to Julia, pulling her into his arms, "let's go home."

EPILOGUE:

Julia

Julia looked down at the babies in the crib. Both had wisps of red hair on their head-they were born with it. The boy's hair was a lighter shade of red than the girl's, but apart from that there was little to tell them apart.

A mobile hung above the cradle, and Julia put her finger on it to give it a spin. Stars and moons twirled slowly above their heads. The boy gurgled happily, but the other twin was busy tearing off her socks.

Damien came into the upstairs room that had been converted into a nursery.

"They're waiting for us downstairs," he said.

"Just a second. This one doesn't want to keep her socks on."

"No more stalling," Damien said, lifting the infant into his arms and tickling her feet before pulling the sock back on. "It's been two weeks already little one. You need a name."

"I'm nervous," Julia said. "What if you don't like the names I pick?"

"Don't worry, I have nicknames already planned out just in case," Damien said, smiling. "But it's your right as a mother. Besides, you already know how terrible I am with names."

Julia picked up the infant in her arms, his tiny fingers clutching at her shirt. Damien took the other and they went downstairs to where the rest of the family was waiting.

"They are so CUTE!" Katherine oohed and aahed over the babies dressed up nicely while Kyle tried to act nonchalant. Even Mara caught herself cooing in delight when the twins burst out into happy gurgles. Finally everyone settled down. Julia and Damien sat on the couch, the twins lying on their laps.

"We give our children names so that the world may know them," Dee said. "When they are older they will choose their path, but a name is powerful. Within it is the life of ancestors that will guide them on their way."

She looked over at Julia and smiled reassuringly. Julia could feel her chest tensing up. Then Damien put his hand on her back, and she relaxed.

"Child, you are a mother today, and you must give your children their names. Their guides." Dee leaned forward. "What will your little girl be called?"

"Her name is Abigail Kinaya," Julia said.

"Kinaya," Dee murmured. "An old name."

"What does it mean?" Katherine asked.

"It means whole," Julia said. "Complete." Damien's hand clasped over hers, and she smiled. He had made her whole, and now their family was complete. Well, almost complete.

"And the boy?" Dee asked.

"Blaise," Julia said, and swallowed. A lump had come into her throat. "Blaise Jordan."

Damien's fingers clenched involuntarily, and when Julia looked over she saw a sheen in his sightless eyes. She leaned her head into his shoulder.

Raucous celebration broke out, as everybody spoke at once.

"So adorable," Mara said, leaning over to tickle Abigail's feet. "If I wanted kids, of course."

"If you did, of course," Julia said, grinning.

"Good names, child," Dee said, coming over to hug Julia and Damien in turn. "You chose well."

"Jordan at least will be a good protector," Damien said, his voice scratched with unshed tears.

"We're not naming our kid Cody! Or Corey! Or Cally!" Kyle said to Katherine, throwing his hands up in the air. Everybody laughed as Katherine crossed her arms stubbornly and chattered on about the best names and how Kyle obviously had no taste in naming children.

Damien and Julia sat on the couch together as the party continued. He draped his arms around her.

"Our family," Julia said. She looked down at the babies. The joy in her was overwhelming, and she felt the connection between them more than ever.

"Look," Julia said, sending all of her love to Damien. Then he was there, beside her in mind as well as body. She could sense it.

"I can see them," Damien whispered. The love in his voice tore her heart in two. Tears ran down his cheeks. She blinked back her own tears, willing herself not to obscure the only view he would have of their children.

"I can see them," he said, his voice full of wonder. "I can see them! Oh Julia! They are so beautiful!"

In the gray morning mist, one firefly winked for the last time before dawn. The pine branches above rustled against each other, and pollen twinkled like stars in between the shadows. From across one side of the valley came the call of a bird. A pause, a silence. Then from the darkest heart of the valley came a responding echo: the call of a mate.

