One

The young man wore a staple in one ear. Brynn Cassidy tried not to stare as he paraded past her and slouched down in the desk in the farthest corner of the classroom. His nose was decorated with a safety pin. The fact that his hair was cut in a Mohawk style and dyed orange shouldn't faze her. She'd been told what to expect.

Manhattan High School wasn't St. Mary Academy, the parochial girls' high school where she'd taught for the last two years. But teaching here was an opportunity she couldn't let pass her by. She'd accepted this position to test her theories and gain experience in dealing with students from a disadvantaged neighborhood.

Next, a young lady entered the room in a miniskirt, blouse and no bra. Her hair, pitch-black and stringy, covered her far better than her choice of outfits. She glanced around, shrugged, and claimed the seat closest to the door as if it were important to make a fast getaway.

The room filled quickly. The school building itself was said to be dilapidated and run-down, but that didn't trouble Brynn. St. Mary Academy was a turn-of-the-century structure with high ceilings and lovely polished wood floors that smelled of lemon oil.

When Brynn learned Manhattan High in the Washington Heights area had been constructed in the early 1950s, she'd expected it to be an improvement, but she was wrong. Like so many other schools, Manhattan High had been forced to make some difficult budget choices. Thanks to three failed school bond levies, modernizing the classrooms was on the low end of the priority list.

"Will everyone kindly take a seat," Brynn instructed nervously. She stood in front of the class and was ignored, which wasn't surprising since the bell had yet to ring.

Looking for something constructive to do, she walked over to the badly chipped blackboard and wrote out her name.

The bell rang, and several of the kids stopped talking long enough to indicate their irritation at being interrupted. The level of conversation increased once the bell finished.

Brynn returned to the front center of the room and waited. She'd learned early in her teaching career never to outshout her students. It only made her look foolish, and it didn't work. After five full minutes of being ignored, she went to the wall and flipped the light switch a couple of times. This technique had worked elsewhere but had only a mild effect upon the class. The level of talking decreased momentarily while several glanced her way, then quickly continued their ongoing conversations.

Brynn decided she had no option but to wait them out. It demanded the longest fifteen minutes of her life to stand in front of that classroom until thirty people voluntarily gave her their attention.

It might have taken longer if the boy, Hispanic from the look of him, hadn't raised his right hand and snapped his fingers. Ten or so other Hispanics stopped talking and turned around on their seats. An African American followed suit, and several of the others clustered together went silent.

The class had divided itself along ethnic lines, Brynn noted. The Hispanics sat in the front, the African Americans chose the back.

Once silence reigned, Brynn stepped forward. "Good morning," she said with her brightest smile. "My name's Miss Cassidy."

"Why ain't you married?"

"Because I'm not," she answered simply, preferring not to get trapped in a conversation about herself. "I'm your teacher, and-"

"You're new, ain't you?"

"Yes," Brynn answered politely. "As you already know, we're involved in an experimental program called Interdisciplinary Learning."

"That doesn't sound like something a nice girl like you should be teaching," one of the boys called out.

Despite herself, Brynn smiled. "We'll be spending three hours together each afternoon, exploring senior English, world history, and social science. You'll notice how the classes are grouped along parallel lines."

"Is she speaking English?" one girl whispered loudly, leaning toward another.

Brynn decided it would be best to explain the concept in simpler terms. "The classes we'll be studying are connected by subject. We'll read The Diary of Anne Frank for the English portion, the history section will involve the study of World War Two, and in the last part of the session I'd like to discuss the justification for war and other value clarification."

"All three hours will be spent with you?"

"That's right," Brynn said. "You'll know me better than any other teacher, and by the same token, I'll know you. I'd like it if we could work together as a team."

"If we're going to be spending this much time with one teacher, then it only seems right that you tell us something about yourself first," the Hispanic boy who'd quieted the class said. Since she owed him a favor, she agreed.

"What do you want to know?"

"How long you been teaching?"

"This is my third year."

"If she lasts the first week," someone suggested under their breath.

"I'll last," Brynn assured them. "I'm too young to retire and too stubborn to quit."

"Where'd you come from?"

"Rhode Island."

"Why'd you decide to teach here?"

"She's a fool, that's why," someone answered for her.

"That's not true," Brynn countered. "As I explained earlier, we're involved in an experimental program that's being sponsored by the federal government. I was asked to participate."

"Why'd you do it?"

The questions were making her decidedly uncomfortable. "Part of the agreement would be that a portion of my student loan would be forgiven."

"Forgiven?"

"That's the word the government used."

"Where'd you teach before?" a Chinese girl asked, her gaze shyly meeting Brynn's.

"St. Mary Academy. It's a private school for girls near Rochester."

"La de da," one of the boys said in a high-pitched voice. He stood, dropped his wrists, and pranced around his desk.

"Hey, could you set me up with one of those nice Catholic girls?"

Brynn didn't bother to answer.

"Do you color your hair or is it naturally red?"

"It's auburn," Brynn corrected, "and it's as natural as it comes."

"What do you think, dummy, with a name like Cassidy? She's Irish, can't you tell?"

"Dummy?" Brynn repeated, and then added in a Home Alone voice, "I don't think so. If he were dumb, he wouldn't be a high school senior. This brings up something I consider vital to this class. Respect. I won't tolerate any name calling, racial slurs, or put-downs."

"You been in girls' school too long, Teach. That's just the way we talk. If Malcolm here wants to call Denzil a nigger, he's got a right 'cause he's a nigger himself."

"Not in this classroom he won't. The only thing I'll ask of you in the way of deportment is mutual respect."

"I don't even know you, how am I supposed to respect you?"

It was a good question and one Brynn couldn't slough off.

"Especially if the only reason you decided to take this job was so you could be forgiven for something you did to the government."

"That's not the only reason I took the job," Brynn pressed, "I want to teach you to dream."

"Excuse me?" A girl with her hair woven into tiny braids all over her head sat upright. "You're making us sound like babies."

"I'm not suggesting naps," Brynn explained. "How many of you know what you're going to do after you graduate from high school?"

One hand went up, from the same Hispanic youth who'd helped her earlier.

"Your name is?"

"Emilio Alcantara."

"Hello, Emilio. Tell me what your dreams are."

"I got plenty of those. I dream about Michelle and Nikki and ..." His friends made several catcalls, and Brynn smiled and shook her head.

"I'm talking about the future. After high school, five years down the road. We all need a dream, something to pin our hopes on, something that gives us a reason to wake up in the morning."

"You mean a dream like Martin Luther King?"

"Yes," she said enthusiastically. "An ambition to do something, travel somewhere, or be something."

"Why?" The boy who asked had caught her attention earlier. He seemed indifferent to everything that was going on around him. A couple of the kids had said something to him, but he'd ignored them as if they weren't there or, more appropriately, as if he weren't entirely there himself. Briefly she wondered if he were on drugs.

"Why?" Brynn repeated. "Because dreaming is a necessary part of life, like eating or sleeping. Sometimes we just forget about it, is all. We'll be exploring more about this later, but I guarantee you one thing, by the end of this quarter, there'll be plenty for you to think and dream about."

"You know," said the girl who'd claimed the desk closest to the door, "you might be all right, but it's going to take some doing, getting used to a teacher who doesn't look any older than one of us."

"She isn't married, either. Say, Teach, do you want me to set you up?" Emilio asked. "I got an older brother who could use a chick like you."

"Thanks, but no thanks," Brynn answered, reaching for her attendance book. "Now that you know about me, it's time for me to learn something about each one of you."

"But we don't know you!" two or three protested in turn.

Brynn held the book against her breast and sighed. "What other information do you need?"

Questions were tossed at her in every which direction. She put a stop to them with a wave of her hand. "Listen, I'll give you the basics and then we'll have to get started. My first name is Brynn."

"How many kids in your family?"

"Eight."

"Eight!"

"She's Irish and Catholic, ain't she?"

Brynn ignored the comment. "I'm the fourth oldest and the first girl. My oldest brother is thirty-three and my youngest sister is sixteen." She lowered the grade book and called out, "Yolanda Aguilar."

"Here." The Hispanic girl raised her hand and waved enthusiastically.

Brynn looked at Yolanda and made a notation next to the girl's name. "Emilio Alcantara is here," she said, making a second notation.

"What are you writing down about me?" Emilio demanded. He sat up on his chair and craned his neck toward her as if that would be enough to read what she'd written.

"I said you sat in the front row and revealed leadership characteristics."

"I do?" He sounded surprised.

"What'd you say about me?" Yolanda asked.

"That you're energetic and personable."

"How'd you know that?"

"Yeah, how'd you figure that about Yolanda?" another boy demanded, then leaned over to the student at the desk next to him. "What's personable mean?"

"Shhh, I'm next and I want to know what she's gonna say about me."

"Modesto Diaz," Brynn called out, looking at the youth above the grade book.

He curled his upper lip and snarled at her. "Yo."

Brynn added her comment to the book.

"What'd ya say?" Modesto insisted, straightening. He was halfway out of his seat. "I gotta right to know since you told the others."

"I wrote down that you have a flair for the dramatic."

"What's that mean?" Modesto asked Emilio under his breath.

"The hell if I know," Emilio complained. "She's gonna be one weird teacher."

By lunchtime Brynn was convinced Emilio was right. She was completely out of touch with their world. Her vocabulary, which she'd never thought of as especially advanced, served to confuse her students. Half the morning was spent repeating in simpler terms what she'd said previously.

She'd no more than handed out The Diary of Anne Frank and briefly described to them Anne's story when the bell rang for their first break. The classroom emptied so fast, one would think the school was on fire.

Brynn sat down at her desk and exhaled sharply, weary to the bone. This was her first day in an inner-city high school, and she was going to need help-lots of help, and she didn't expect it to come in the form of the PTA.

Bowing her head, she murmured a simple prayer, asking for patience and guidance. She yearned to teach her students to dream, to look to the future with enthusiasm. She hungered for them to see beyond the troubles they faced day in and day out and reach for the stars, and she wanted to be the one to show them the way.

* * *

Brynn's whispered prayer fluttered past the chipped blackboard, echoed silently through the scarred halls, as it winged its way toward heaven. The request soared, swiftly spanning the distance between man and God. Carried on the brisk winds of faith, guided by devotion, navigated by love, it arrived fresh and bright at the very feet of the Archangel Gabriel.

"Brynn Cassidy," Gabriel repeated slowly as he flipped through the cumbersome book, marking the entry. He was writing when he glanced up to find Shirley, Goodness, and Mercy standing directly across the desk from him. He'd never seen the three look more-he hated the term-angelic. Their wings were neatly folded in place and they smiled serenely as if the world were at their feet.

"It's that time of year again," Goodness reminded him, grinning broadly.

Gabriel's hand tightened around the quill pen. Heaven help him, he was going to be left to deal with these three lovable troublemakers once more.

"Time of year for what?" he asked. Gabriel was playing dumb in a stalling effort. For the past two years this trio of prayer ambassadors had visited earth, working their own unique brand of miracles. A sort of divine intervention run amuck.

"We'd like to try our hand in the Big Apple," Mercy explained with limited patience. It was apparent she was eager to get her assignment and be on her way. "We've been looking forward to working together again," she reminded him primly. "One would assume that with the success of the past two years we'd have proven ourselves beyond question."

"We don't mean to be impertinent," Goodness inserted, glaring at her fellow prayer ambassador, "but I find myself agreeing with Mercy."

"Brynn Cassidy," Shirley repeated softly, reading over Gabriel's shoulder.

Gabriel deliberately closed the huge book, cutting off Shirley's view. The last thing he needed was for the former guardian angel to take a hankering for this particular assignment.

The students of Manhattan High would require a far more experienced angel than Shirley. Why, her tender heart would be mush by the end of a week, working with this group of adolescents. Frankly, Gabriel didn't expect Brynn Cassidy to last long herself.

Gabriel knew all about the young teacher. Her mother and grandfather had been praying for her for several years. As far as Gabriel was concerned, Brynn Cassidy was far more suited to teaching the proper young ladies of St. Mary Academy. Manhattan High was a graveyard of lost souls. An unseen storm cloud had settled over the school, feeding on tears yet to be shed and broken promises. Brynn's humble faith was like a newborn lamb placed in the midst of ravenous wolves. She'd quickly be devoured. Naturally Gabriel would do what he could to aid her, but one ill-equipped prayer ambassador would hardly be sufficient.

"Brynn needs me," Shirley said, looking him squarely in the eye.

"She needs an army. I don't mean to discourage you," Gabriel said, feeling mildly guilty, "I'm sure we'll find a more appropriate assignment for you. A less complicated request," he muttered more to himself than to Shirley.

As he recalled, a prayer request had come in that morning from a teenage girl in Boston who needed a date for prom night. Surely Shirley could scrounge up a decent young man. As for Goodness and Mercy, why, there were any number of less demanding requests with which to occupy them.

"Give me a minute," he said, flipping through the unwieldy book, finding a page, and running his index finger down the large number of entries. "I'm sure I'll come up with something appropriate for each of you."

"No arguments?" Goodness asked, her eyes wide with surprise.

"Wow, maybe we have proven ourselves."

"I want to talk to Goodness about Hannah Morganstern," Gabriel said, his brow creased with contemplation.

"Yes," Goodness answered excitedly.

"Her family owns one of the most popular delis in all of New York," the Archangel went on to explain.

Goodness and Mercy looked at each other and squealed with delight. The two joined hands and danced a happy jig around his desk, kicking up their heels.

"What about me?" Mercy asked, breathless with excitement.

"Jenny Lancaster," Gabriel said decisively. "She moved to New York from Custer, Montana, three years ago, hoping to make a name for herself on Broadway."

"Has she?"

"No," Gabriel said with a sigh of regret. "It's time to go home, only she can't bear to face that. You see, she doesn't want to disappoint her family, and I'm afraid she's stretched the truth and told them things that weren't altogether true. You're going to have to help her make the decision."

"I can do it."

"Without moving the Statue of Liberty?" Gabriel demanded.

"That's kid stuff," Goodness muttered.

"Maybe so, but is Rockefeller Center safe?"

The two found little humor in his question. It was then that Gabriel noticed that Shirley had disappeared.

"Where's Shirley?"

Goodness and Mercy glanced over their shoulders. "I haven't a clue."

"I didn't see her leave."

Gabriel had a sneaking suspicion he already knew where the prayer ambassador had disappeared to. "Wait here," he instructed impatiently. He raised his massive arms and with one wide, sweeping motion parted the clouds of heaven and descended from paradise to the mundane world.

He found Shirley right where he suspected: in an inner-city classroom, keeping a close watch on a young, inexperienced schoolteacher.

Brynn finished her lunch and poured herself a cup of coffee. Standing at the window, she looked out over the concrete jungle that made up the city.

St. Philip's, the cathedral located across the street, had once been the pride of the diocese. The stained-glass windows, depicting the Stations of the Cross, had aged badly over the years. A flight of concrete steps led to the eight-foot-tall double doors. The church was a magnificent piece of Gothic architecture, but like Manhattan High, it had fallen upon harsh economic times.

When Brynn had first been approached about this assignment, she'd visited New York City and loved it. There was a rhythm to the city, a musical beat that had set her heart to racing.

In her mind's eye came a picture of prosperity and abundance. Not of wealth or riches in the monetary sense, but of purpose. The feeling had stayed with her in the days that followed, and when she'd penned her name to the contract, Brynn had felt instinctively that she was doing the right thing.

Following the break, Brynn headed down the crowded hallway. Several students leaned against their lockers in passionate embraces. This was a foreign element to Brynn, since she'd attended a parochial girls' high school as well as taught in one. It was a bit of a shock to discover how friendly students were allowed to get in the school hallway.

A ruckus broke out at the end of the corridor, and several heated words in Spanish flew at her like fiery darts. Brynn's knowledge of the language was limited, but she was well aware the two boys weren't exchanging pleasantries.

After making her way to the problem, she found Emilio Alcantara and an African American she didn't know staring each other down. A crowd had circled around the two.

"Is there a problem here?" Brynn asked, maneuvering into the tight circle.

"If you know what's good for you, Teach, you'd better leave," Emilio advised.

"I can't do that, and now I suggest you two boys give it up and go about your business. Fighting isn't going to solve anything."

The black boy looked at her with such unadulterated hatred that for a wild second Brynn was caught speechless. She'd never had a student, or anyone else, look at her in quite that way.

A shiver ran up her spine when she noticed both boys had knives. She grabbed Suzie Chang, the shy girl from her class, by the shoulder. "Get help immediately," she ordered, her heart in her throat.

Suzie took off running.

By then the Hispanic youths had lined one side of the hallway and the blacks dominated the second half. The two ethnic groups glared at one another, waiting for an excuse, any excuse, to fight. The atmosphere was explosive, the tension as tightly strung as a fiddle.

Without thinking, Brynn positioned herself between the two boys. Her head was spinning and she felt lightheaded with fear. "Stop," she ordered in her most authoritative voice, but the request sounded hollow even to her own ears.

The sound of footsteps running toward her was so welcome, Brynn nearly collapsed with relief. A male teacher and a janitor exploded onto the scene, and the knives disappeared as if by magic. Emilio and the other youth looked as if they were the best of friends. Emilio wrapped his arm around the black youth.

"What's happening, bro?"

"What's going on here?" Doug Keast, the teacher, demanded, looking to Brynn.

"Emilio and this young man were involved in an exchange of words. Everything's under control now. Thanks for your help."

"Knives?"

Brynn hesitated, not wanting to rat on Emilio but at the same time unwilling to lie. "They both drew out knives, but-"

"I don't need to know anything more than that," Doug barked, escorting both youths to the principal's office. "I'll need you to make a statement."

"What's going to happen?" Brynn asked, scurrying behind Doug and Emilio. A second male teacher appeared to escort the other boy.

"I'm gonna be suspended," Emilio said, glaring at her as if she'd turned traitor on him. "I thought you were different," he spat out. "You ain't no different than any of the other teachers." His dark eyes, leveled at her, were filled with animosity.

"Listen here, Emilio, it wasn't me who got involved in an altercation."

"A what? You know, if you're going to teach English, the least you could do is learn to speak it first."

"A fight," she said, losing her patience. She was half trotting in order to keep up with Doug's long-legged stride. Her fellow teacher was making haste for Mr. Whalen's office.

"You know the rules about knives on school property," Doug told Emilio.

"What knife?" the youth demanded. "She was seeing things. I didn't have any knife, and neither did Grover, ain't that right, bro?"

"The new teach needs glasses," Grover claimed, sounding as if they'd been strolling through a bed of wildflowers.

"Tell him, Miss Cassidy," Emilio said, staring at her. "There wasn't any sign of knives, now, was there?"

"If you expect me to lie on your behalf, I won't do it," Brynn told him in no uncertain terms. "And if you're both expelled, then-"

"They'll be suspended for three days," Doug interrupted.

"Then you have no one to blame but yourselves," she finished.

"I ain't coming back," Grover announced in chilling tones. "School ain't gonna help me or my homies. I'm outta here, understand?" He jerked his elbow free from the teacher and strolled out the door, letting it slam in his wake.

"Good riddance," the man murmured.

"I'll talk to him," Brynn said, going after Grover.

She hadn't taken two steps when Doug Keast stopped her. "Let him go."

"But-"

"He's right. Grover's nothing but bad news." Doug looked to Emilio as if to suggest the Hispanic boy fell into the same category.

"Emilio's different," Brynn insisted. "Grover's choosing to give up, to fail. Emilio's got a future."

"Yeah," Emilio muttered, pulling himself free of Doug's hold. "Some future. First you tell me what a great leader I am and then you get me kicked out of school." Having made that little speech, he slumped down on the worn vinyl sofa outside Mr. Whalen's office.

"Did you see the knives?" Gabriel asked Shirley gently. "They were real, and the risk to Brynn is equally grave. She could have been seriously hurt."

"The woman's in profound need of heavenly intervention," Shirley said forcefully. "In other words, this teacher needs me."

"Ah ..." Gabriel hated to be the one to break the news, but Shirley was out of her league. He'd hoped the prayer ambassador would see it for herself, but now he wasn't so sure.

"I know what you're thinking," Shirley said, eager to prove herself. "You think I'm in way over my head."

"My thoughts were running along those lines," Gabriel admitted.

"I believe I could help Brynn," Shirley insisted, and then stiffened her shoulders. "You're the one in charge of handling the prayer assignments, and I have no option but to accept your decision, but I want to help Brynn Cassidy teach her students to dream. I want to stand at her side when their eyes light up with discovery, and I especially long to be there when she tells them about faith in God."

"There are other teachers who need you," Gabriel assured her. "And they aren't trapped in a poor neighborhood school."

"I see," Shirley whispered, hanging her head in defeat.

"Perhaps another year," Gabriel suggested.

"Perhaps." The word was so low, it dragged against the floor.

Gently patting the discouraged angel on her shoulder, Gabriel escorted her back to heaven, where Goodness and Mercy awaited their return.

"I'll find another assignment for Shirley in a moment," he promised, "but first, I want to introduce Goodness to Hannah Morganstern."

Two

"Hannah who?" Goodness asked, looking puzzled.

"Morganstern," Gabriel supplied. "The prayer request came in from Hannah's mother and grandmother. They want her to make a good marriage." He opened the cumbersome book that listed the incoming prayer requests and smoothly folded back the page. Running his index finger down a list of names, he paused when he located Hannah's.

Gabriel smiled, pleased with himself. This request would be a simple matter and would quickly appease the novice prayer ambassador. The sooner Goodness was back where she belonged, the better for all concerned.

As it happened, Hannah was close to becoming engaged to Carl Rabinsky, the rabbi's son. Carl was a fine, upstanding young man with a bright future.

Hannah's family was delighted that their daughter had chosen such an outstanding marriage candidate. A professional matchmaker couldn't have come up with a better choice. Goodness would soon recognize how advantageous such a marriage would be for Hannah. Naturally the prayer ambassador would accept full credit for the match, which was fine with Gabriel as long as she left well enough alone.

By his best estimate, Gabriel would have Goodness out of harm's way within a day or two. Heaven knew he wouldn't rest until all three were back where they belonged. There was no telling the trouble they could rouse in the Big Apple. Gabriel cringed involuntarily at the thought of Shirley, Goodness, and Mercy loose on the unsuspecting souls of New York City.

They did try. He'd give them that much. The three angels were dear hearts, but frankly they were trouble with a capital T. There was no end to the mischief they managed to muster each Christmas. The season was hectic enough without having to deal with those three.

"When can I see Hannah?" Goodness asked eagerly.

"When are you going to tell me more about Jenny Lancaster?" Mercy asked, crowding her way between him and Goodness. The smallest of the three juggled her elbows until she'd jockeyed herself into position. "I'm looking forward to meeting Jenny."

"It's my turn," Goodness reminded her friend sternly.

"Be patient," Gabriel advised the two. At times he felt like a referee at a hockey match. "Goodness, let me take you down to meet Hannah."

"I want to come," Mercy insisted.

"Me, too." Shirley was determined not to be left behind.

Gabriel hadn't planned on making an expedition out of this. He'd thought it would be a simple matter to point out Hannah to Goodness, then introduce her to Carl. They'd be back before either of Goodness's friends had time to miss her. He was about to reassure Mercy and Shirley of this when he noticed that the three had looped their arms together. They stood before him with a determination that would have shook Moses before that unfortunate incident on Mt. Sinai.

"All right, all right," he grumbled under his breath. These particular prayer ambassadors had a way about them that foiled him at every turn. Only this year, he was simplifying matters. Their assignments were all straightforward requests that would bring them back to heaven in record time. Nothing complicated. Nothing involved. Assignments each one should be able to arrange in record time. This Christmas, Gabriel promised himself, wouldn't be like the past two.

Stepping away from the others, the archangel raised his massive arms and with one sure movement parted the massive clouds of heaven. A thin layer of mist remained, and gradually he was able to make out the earth below. Soon the four of them narrowed in on the big city. Skyscrapers punctured the sky. The top floors of the twin towers of the World Trade Center came clearly into focus. Then he viewed the landmark Brooklyn Bridge, followed by Times Square.

"This is New York City?" Goodness breathed in awe.

"My heavens, what's that?" Mercy asked, pointing to the street below.

Gabriel grinned. His timing couldn't have been better. They'd arrived in time to witness Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. A giant balloon replica of a popular comic-strip dog floated far above the street, steered by several silly-looking adults dressed in elf costumes.

"It looks like some kind of parade," Shirley answered before he had a chance to explain.

A marching band, the trombone players with their instruments aiming skyward, blared a lively rendition of an easily recognizable Christmas ditty. A fierce pounding of drums added to the excitement of the music.

"This is wonderful," Goodness said, and spread-eagled herself across the top of a blossom-laden float. Six men dressed as toy soldiers stood guard over an open treasure chest filled with a variety of brightly wrapped gifts in gold and silver paper.

"You wanted to meet Hannah," Gabriel reminded her, hiding a smile. Goodness's eyes were as round as a two-year-old child's.

"In a minute," Goodness told him. It was apparent she was more interested in watching the parade than in meeting her young charge.

With a stiff-kneed walk, one of the toy soldiers marched to the end of the float. A fairy princess appeared, with dainty wings strapped to her back, and scooped up handfuls of candy. Smiling, she tossed them into the cheering crowd.

"You call those wings?" Mercy asked on a disdainful note.

"We're here to meet Hannah Morganstern," Gabriel felt obligated to remind the three.

"I'm ready," Goodness announced, reluctantly tearing herself away from the dazzling scene.

"If we must," Mercy added with a decided lack of enthusiasm.

"Do you think Brynn Cassidy's here?" Shirley's gaze scanned the thick crowds that crammed the cement sidewalks. "What about the kids from the school? They'd come, wouldn't they?"

"We're supposed to meet Hannah, remember?" Gabriel reminded Shirley. He should have known it would be a mistake to bring the others. "There's Hannah now," he said in an effort to divert their attention. He motioned toward a group of parade watchers standing along Central Park West.

"Hannah's the petite woman with the blue angel scarf tied around her neck." Gabriel had a soft spot in his heart when it came to the gentle Jewish woman. She reminded him of Rebecca, the young woman God had chosen for Abraham's only son.

"She's lovely."

Gabriel agreed. "Hannah's the only child, born later in life to a devoted couple. Ruth Morganstern prayed faithfully for many years for a daughter."

"Leah Lundberg did the same," Mercy reminded Gabriel. "I don't understand why God makes some couples wait."

"It's not for us to question."

"I know," Mercy agreed, "His timing is always perfect."

"Getting back to Hannah," Gabriel tried again. "The Morgansterns have raised their daughter well. They couldn't be more proud of her, and rightly so. Hannah is well loved by many."

"Do you mind if Shirley and I entertain ourselves for a few moments?" Mercy asked, and her eyes twinkled with mischief. Gabriel noticed the angel was staring at the reader board above Times Square.

"You can go on without us," Shirley insisted.

"No way. Listen, you two. Shirley ... Mercy," Gabriel stuttered, wanting to stop them before they vanished. Unfortunately he was too late. He clenched his jaw and turned to Goodness.

"You don't have a thing to worry about," Goodness assured him. "They can take care of themselves."

That was what Gabriel was afraid of.

He was about to go after Mercy and Shirley himself when Goodness tugged at his sleeve. "Tell me what you know about Hannah Morganstern. You said her mother and grandmother are looking for Hannah to make a good marriage."

"Yes," he muttered. He would need his wits to make this assignment sound more difficult than it was.

"Well, if that's the case," Goodness muttered, her shoulders heaving with a deliberate sigh, "I certainly hope she isn't interested in the young man she's with. It's perfectly obvious they aren't the least bit suited."

Gabriel's attention went back to the street corner where he'd last seen Hannah.

"What's wrong with Carl Rabinsky?" he demanded.

"Just look."

"Carl, couldn't we please stay a bit longer?" Hannah asked. She pleaded with him with her eyes, hoping she could find a way to change his mind. Carl had agreed to attend the Thanksgiving Day parade with her, but they'd barely arrived and already he was anxious to leave. She knew he was having trouble with the headmaster at the Hebrew academy where he taught and had been preoccupied most of the day.

"Ten minutes more, then," Carl conceded indulgently. His gloved hand squeezed hers. "I'm sorry, but I told you earlier that this just isn't my thing."

"I know." Hannah was grateful he'd consented to come. She only wished he could enjoy the festivities as much as she did. Hannah found the merrymaking contagious-the children, the excitement, the wonderful silliness that surrounded this time of year.

"Oh, Carl, look," she said, pointing toward the huge float making its way down the wide street. "It's a scene from the Nutcracker Suite."

Carl smiled tolerantly and pointedly glanced at his watch. "Five more minutes," he announced under his breath. "If you want to see more of the parade, you can watch it on television."

Television. Never. Hannah refused to allow his stick-in-the-mud attitude to spoil her fun. Standing on the tips of her toes, she peered down the bustling street, hoping to catch a glimpse of what was coming next. The distinct tones of an approaching band floated toward her.

Unable to see, she edged her way into the crowd until she was wedged against the waist-high barrier to the street. She stayed there until the marching musicians passed, applauding their efforts. The tall, distinguished-looking man standing next to her whistled boisterously. Hannah looked up at him and smiled warmly. Their eyes met, and he returned the friendly gesture.

The man looked vaguely familiar, but then it wasn't uncommon for Hannah to see someone she thought she knew. Working in the family-owned, kosher-style deli, she met literally hundreds of people on a daily basis.

His eyes were a deep, rich shade of coffee brown. They sparkled with delight as he looked down at her. He had a kind face, appealing but not particularly handsome. His hair needed to be trimmed, but that gave him a rumble-tumble look that she found endearing. It was apparent he was some kind of businessman; she could tell that much from the way he dressed and the way he stood. Besides, if he frequented her parents' deli, then chances were he worked in one of the office buildings close by.

"Do I know you?" he asked, frowning slightly.

"I'm Hannah Morganstern," she said. "Most people recognize me from my parents' deli."

"Of course. Your father serves the best pastrami in town." He held out his hand to her. "I'm Joshua Shadduck."

"Hello, Joshua." The noise level made it difficult to carry on a conversation.

They shook hands, and Hannah glanced over her shoulder, looking for Carl. He wasn't there. She scanned the crowd once more, certain he wouldn't have left her intentionally. Carl would never do that, yet he was nowhere in sight. Anxious now, she stood on her tiptoes and looked around.

"Oh, dear," she whispered, and bit into her lower lip.

"Is something wrong?" Joshua lowered his head close to her so she could hear him.

"My friend. I'm afraid we've gotten separated."

"That happens in crowds like these."

"I know, but ..." She continued to study the huge throng. The crowd was moving, milling about. "I didn't mean to leave him behind." Carl would be worried and flustered. If she ever hoped to talk him into attending another parade, he'd be sure to remind her of this.

"I'll help you look," Joshua offered.

"You don't need to do that." She was the one to blame. If she hadn't been so impatient to see what was ahead, she wouldn't have lost Carl.

"Tell me what he looks like," Joshua suggested. Since he was head and shoulders taller than she, his chances of finding Carl were far better than her own.

"Let me think," she mumbled. She went with the most obvious: his clothing. "He had on a black wool overcoat."

Joshua leveled his eyes on her, amusement bracketing the sides of his mouth. "Hannah, every man here has on a black wool overcoat."

"Yes ... I know. He's five ten or so, and ... he's probably frowning. He only came because I wanted to see the parade, and he's probably annoyed with me for disappearing like this."

"A frowning man, five ten, in a black wool overcoat."

Their eyes met once more, and for no reason Hannah could explain, they both started laughing.

"He's probably given up on me and left," she conceded, and glanced longingly over her shoulder, not wanting to miss the rest of the parade. "I should probably go back myself," she said with regret.

"Why? Your friend can find his own way home, can't he?"

"Yes, but ..."

"Stay," he urged. His hand cupped her elbow, his touch light and encouraging. His eyes smiled with warmth and pleasure, something she'd found sadly lacking in Carl. Her friend had only tolerated the merriment. Macy's parade was one more thing Carl considered frivolous and impractical. He often mentioned the overwhelming cost of such a production. To Carl's way of thinking, this money would be better spent feeding the hungry or aiding the homeless.

Hannah had no argument to offer. The parade would go on no matter how wasteful Carl found it to be, and she could see no reason not to enjoy it.

"Oh, look," she said, pointing down the street at the oncoming float. She glanced at Joshua and discovered that he viewed the winter festival creation with the same keen enjoyment and wonder that she did.

One lazy snowflake drifted down from the lead gray sky. Another soon followed.

"Snow!" Delighted, Hannah held up her hand to catch a fluffy flake. It melted in the palm of her hand.

"It's a perfect conclusion to the parade, don't you think?" Joshua asked. Pressed against him as she was, Hannah couldn't help noticing how warm and close he was.

"Is it over? Already?" She didn't want it to be.

"Do you have to hurry back?" Joshua asked. "We could take a short stroll in Central Park and enjoy the snow."

It went without saying that she shouldn't. Her family would be waiting for her. They assumed she was with Carl, not some strange man she barely recognized. Her father had always been protective of her. She was his jewel. Hannah remembered how pleased her parents had been when she'd first started dating Carl. The fact that he was a rabbi's son added to their endorsement of the young man.

"A stroll in Central Park," she repeated, and then before she could change her mind, she nodded. Her willingness to spend time with him, a man who was little more than a stranger, would be frowned upon by everyone concerned.

"Goodness," Gabriel warned, "don't even think about it."

"About what?" The fact that the archangel was traveling with her had cramped her style considerably.

"I know what you've got up your sleeve."

"What?" Archangels knew so little about romance; what else was she to do? Gabriel thought Carl Rabinsky was the perfect husband for Hannah. Anyone with half a brain could see how ill suited the young couple was. Carl was a determined man, sincere in his faith. Unfortunately he'd fallen into a common trap. He was big on religion and weak on faith.

"I can see what you're thinking and I'm telling you right now, it isn't going to work," Gabriel continued, disapproval beaming from his piercing eyes. "Joshua Shadduck is an important attorney. The two have nothing in common."

"Joshua is Jewish, isn't he?"

"Yes, but that has nothing to do with the issues here. Goodness, listen to me. You're stirring up a hornets' nest if you continue in this vein. I absolutely forbid it, do you understand?"

"Yes, but-"

"There're no buts about it." Gabriel's brow was knit with a thick frown. He opened his mouth and Goodness was convinced he was about to argue further with her when a breathless but elated Shirley arrived.

"I found Brynn Cassidy," the other angel announced gleefully. "She's with Suzie Chang, one of the girls from her class."

"We're discussing something important here," Goodness said. She refused to let Shirley interrupt her now. Not when she was about to make an important point. She glared at the archangel. "Didn't you notice Joshua and Hannah together? It's as plain as the wings on your back that they're right for each other." Anyone with eyes would recognize how lonely Joshua was. Success wasn't all it was cracked up to be. It seemed to her that he'd come to this realization himself recently. As far as Goodness could tell, Hannah Morganstern complemented his life, and she wasn't about to let Gabriel tell her otherwise.

"What I'm saying," Gabriel insisted, "is that you must leave well enough alone. You think I didn't notice the way you manipulated Hannah and Joshua? I'm not blind. You practically steered her right into him."

Goodness released a pent-up sigh. Dealing with Gabriel often required persistence. "I realize you find this difficult to believe, but I'm something of an expert in matters involving the heart. Remember last year?"

"I'm not likely to forget it," the archangel muttered. "I was nearly sent back to singing with the choir because of you three."

Goodness ignored his comment, which she was sure was a gross exaggeration.

"Promise me you'll keep your hands off of Hannah and Joshua," Gabriel warned, "otherwise I'll have you restringing harps for the rest of your days."

The threat was an empty one, and Goodness knew it.

"Did anyone hear me?" Shirley asked excitedly. "I actually located Brynn Cassidy. Don't you realize what a miracle that was in this crowd?"

"I heard you," Gabriel told her with a sour look. "Miracle or not, you won't be working with Brynn Cassidy. The schoolteacher needs far more help than you can offer. You can't work with Brynn and those kids from the high school. I have another assignment waiting for you," Gabriel insisted with a hard edge to his voice.

"But-"

"It's a take-it-or-leave-it situation."

Goodness feared that Shirley was about to blow it. She was relieved when the other angel snapped her mouth closed. At times, Shirley could be downright argumentative. If Shirley made the mistake of debating this Brynn Cassidy issue, the archangel just might pull all three of them out of New York City. Goodness didn't want that to happen just when matters were beginning to look promising.

Without being obvious, she scanned the dispersing crowds, hoping to catch a glimpse of Hannah and Joshua. She found them strolling through Central Park, deep in conversation. The two were oblivious of everything around them. They made a striking couple, she mused, immeasurably pleased with herself. Archangels might be high-and-mighty creatures, but they knew little of dealing with humans and love. When it came to affairs of the heart, Goodness was far more knowledgeable than Gabriel. The problem, and admittedly it was a big one, was convincing him of that.

Joshua wasn't sure what had happened to him. He'd suggested this walk in the park with Hannah for purely selfish reasons. The Thanksgiving Day parade had been enjoyable, but it hadn't been nearly as much fun until Hannah had joined him.

He remembered her with a clarity that surprised him. She was the daughter of the deli owner. When he'd claimed her father made the best pastrami in town, he hadn't been exaggerating. Over the last few years he'd visited the deli a number of times, but generally he had his lunch delivered. Hannah might well have been to his office.

Hannah was a delicate creature, beautiful in ways that struck a man's soul. She wasn't like the crisp, business professionals he knew and worked with on a daily basis. She inspired him with her gentle goodness. Although he'd never met the man she was with-Carl, if he remembered his name correctly-already he found he didn't much like him. If Joshua had become separated from Hannah in a crowd, it would have taken a lot more than a little congestion for him to stop searching for her. Hannah hadn't said a lot, but it was obvious Carl didn't enjoy parades.

Joshua had taken Hannah's hand while strolling through the park. The snow had long since stopped, but the afternoon remained crisp and cold. A perfect winter day.

The moment their hands linked, Joshua experienced a faint stirring of emotion. Faint stirring, nothing, he mused with a bleak smile. It felt as if someone had punched him in the stomach with a pipe iron.

He wondered if this was the woman he'd been searching for all these months. He certainly hadn't expected her to be the daughter of a deli owner. It didn't matter, he decided. Who was he to question fate? They'd met, and being with her, laughing, joking, talking, had felt instinctively right. Never had he been more comfortable with anyone.

It embarrassed him, the way he couldn't stop staring at her. She had such beautiful eyes, but then everything about Hannah was beautiful. She was guileless and genuine, and when she looked up and blinked, Josh swore he could see all the way to her soul.

"We've been talking all this time and I never asked where you work," Hannah commented.

"I'm an attorney." He would have mentioned the name of the law firm, one of the most prestigious in Manhattan, but he didn't want to sound as though he were bragging. Knowing Hannah, he doubted that it would impress her. More than likely she wouldn't recognize the name of the firm.

"A lawyer." She said this as if the information distressed her.

"You don't like attorneys?"

"No, it's not that. I think there are some wonderful attorneys, only ..."

"Yes," he prodded.

"My parents were recently involved in a frivolous lawsuit, and my dad's convinced the real culprits in the case were the lawyers. I'm afraid he's developed something of a prejudice, but I don't think that will last long."

"Good. I'd hate to get off on the wrong foot with your family."

At the mention of her parents, Hannah looked at her watch. "Oh, dear," she said anxiously. "I didn't realize how late it was." She took several steps backward. "Thank you for a wonderful time. I'm sorry to rush off like this."

She'd turned and was speed-walking away from him before he'd had time to react. "Hannah," he called.

She spun around.

"I'd like to see you again."

Her eyes were wide, and she seemed to hesitate. Joshua decided it was best not to press her.

"Don't worry," he said. "I'll stop in at the deli and we can talk about it then."

She nodded abruptly, and it was plain she was in a hurry to get away.

"If it'll reassure you, I'll avoid mentioning I'm an attorney."

Her beautiful eyes brightened with a soft smile before she hurried out of the park. Josh buried his hands in his pockets and ambled along the walkway toward Cherry Hill Fountain. He kicked lazily at burnt orange-colored leaves.

Josh found himself smiling broadly. His patience had paid off. For nearly thirty years he'd been waiting to meet a woman like Hannah Morganstern. To think all this time she'd been right under his nose. He threw back his head and laughed. The sound of his delight echoed through the park.

Hannah hurried into the apartment on top of the family deli, stripping the blue scarf from her neck.

"I'm home."

"Thank heaven you're home; I was worried, you're so late," her mother said, planting her hand over her heart as she stepped out of the kitchen. "Your father and I didn't know what to think when Carl phoned and asked if you'd returned safely."

"The parade was wonderful," Hannah said.

"What happened with Carl?" Her father stood with the morning paper clenched in his hands. He studied her over the top of his spectacles.

"I don't know," Hannah told them, walking into the kitchen. The smells of turkey and sage, pumpkin pie and applesauce, that greeted her caused her to pause and inhale deeply. Her stomach growled, reminding her how hungry she was.

"Carl claims you disappeared into the crowd."

"I wanted to get a closer look at the floats," Hannah explained as she lifted the lid off a cast-iron kettle. Broth simmered with a mixture of savory herbs floating on the slowly churning surface.

"There's nothing to worry about now that you're back safe and sound," her father muttered, studying his daughter as though he expected something of her. Hannah knew exactly what her family was hoping. They wanted Carl to ask for her hand in marriage.

"Carl said he'd be by later," Ruth Morganstern said, and shared a secret look with her husband of many years. The exchange confirmed Hannah's suspicions.

"We both think the world of Carl," her father told Hannah unnecessarily. "He's a good man."

"Dependable," her mother added.

"Honorable."

"A righteous man." Her mother nodded for emphasis.

Hannah offered them both a shaky smile and headed toward her bedroom. She didn't want to discuss Carl, not when her head was spinning from her time with another man. "I'm going to change my shoes and then I'll be back to help you with dinner."

Her father looped his arms around Ruth's shoulders. "Take your time," her mother called out after her. "Dinner won't be ready for some time yet."

Inside her bedroom, Hannah slumped on the edge of her mattress. It would be impossible to tell them about meeting Joshua now. He was the man who caused her heart to sing. She couldn't disappoint them. Not with her family extolling Carl's virtues.

Hannah had only briefly discussed marriage with Carl. Their parents had been the ones who frequently spoke of the two entering into an agreement. As far as Carl's family was concerned, the marriage was a foregone conclusion. Her parents seemed to feel the same way.

Hannah lay back and stared up at the bedroom ceiling. Carl was a wonderful man. He was everything her parents had said and much more. Someday she probably would marry Carl.

She closed her eyes and thought about what their lives would be like together. She liked Carl, enjoyed his company. When he kissed her it was something sweet and gentle. But try as she might, Hannah couldn't imagine Carl ever being passionate. A smile cracked her lips, and she chided herself silently.

In her mind's eye she thought about the children she might have with Carl. But instead of conjuring up babies, her mind filled with Joshua Shadduck.

She shook her head in an effort to dispel the image. If only he wasn't an attorney. If only she'd met him last year at this time. If only ...

"Hannah."

Guiltily she bolted off the bed. "Yes, Mama."

"Carl's on the phone. He wants to know what took you so long. He's been worried. You should have phoned him first thing."

Hurriedly Hannah reached for her shoes. "Tell him I'll be right there."

"Hannah will marry Carl," Gabriel said as if he needed to convince himself.

Goodness was wise enough to say nothing. She'd learned the hard way that it was often more advantageous to hold one's tongue with the archangel.

"You understand this, don't you?" Gabriel asked pointedly.

"I'm sure you're right," the prayer ambassador answered without emotion. It demanded everything she had to hide her true feelings.

Gabriel studied her with a weary look. "You're sure you can handle this case?"

"Positive." She beamed him her brightest, most innocent smile.

"No monkey business."

Goodness's eyes rounded with indignation. "I wouldn't dream of it."

"Just remember that promise."

"Can I please meet Jenny Lancaster now?" Mercy asked.

Goodness wanted to kiss her friend for distracting Gabriel. She didn't know how much longer she would have been able to hide her feelings.

"Ah, yes. Jenny." Gabriel turned his attention away from Goodness and exhaled sharply. "I'd almost forgotten. Now there's a sorry case. Let me take you to her now."

Three

"Jenny, wake up." Michelle Jordan burst into the bedroom and pulled open the thick drapes. Brilliant sunlight spilled into the room as Jenny Lancaster struggled to an upright position.

"What time is it?" she asked, yawning loudly. It couldn't be morning. Not yet. Not so soon. Her eyes burned and it felt as though she hadn't slept more than an hour or two.

"It's party time." Michelle dramatically threw her arms into the air.

Jenny collapsed against her pillow. "Not for me."

"For both of us, girl." Michelle curled up at the foot of Jenny's bed. "John Peterman's sent out a casting call for a new Lehman musical. He's going to need twenty singers and dancers. I don't know about you, but I intend to be one of those who ends up on stage opening night. Now you can come along and audition with me, or you can sleep the rest of your life away."

Jenny closed her eyes. The choice shouldn't be this difficult. There was a time when she would have leapt out of bed, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, grabbed her dancing shoes, and headed out the front door. Not so these days. At twenty-three Jenny Lancaster felt like a has-been. Or, more appropriate, a never-was.

"Are you coming or not?"

Another cattle call. Jenny had given up counting the number of times she'd set her heart on getting a bit part on Broadway. Off Broadway, near Broadway. She didn't care. This was her dream. Her goal. Her ambition.

She'd left Custer, Montana, blessedly naive about the cutthroat world of the stage. Three years later she felt washed-out, washed-up, and ready for the wringer.

Three years was a long time to subsist on one's dreams. Jenny would have thrown in the towel a long time before now if it hadn't been for one thing. Her family and friends back home believed in her. She was the bright, shining star the community had pinned its hopes upon. Back home she could outsing, outdance, and outact anyone in town. But in New York she was just another pretty face with talent.

"Twenty singers and dancers," Jenny repeated, still trying to decide if another audition was worth all the pain involved. She wasn't sure her heart could stand another rejection. "Does twenty singers and twenty dancers mean Peterman needs forty people?"

"I don't know," Michelle said with her characteristic boundless energy. "It doesn't matter, does it?"

It did. Jenny sat upright and rubbed a hand down her face. "I don't know if I'm up to this. Rejection hurts. Frankly I'm not sure this is what I really want anymore," she whispered. Admitting this to her best friend was hard, but it needed to be said. She loved New York, but at heart she would always be a country girl.

"You can't think of it like that. Rejections are simply the rungs to the ladder of success," Michelle announced, ever positive, ever confident.

Jenny sighed audibly. "You've been listening to motivational tapes again, haven't you?"

Michelle nodded. "It shows that much?"

"Yes." Almost against her will, Jenny tossed aside the bedding and climbed off the mattress. "All right, I'll go, but I'll need a few minutes to put myself together."

"Good girl." Michelle pulled open her bottom drawer and took out a pair of black leotards. "You don't want to spend the rest of your life waitressing at Arnold's, do you? Sure you get to sing, but it isn't anywhere close to Broadway."

Jenny sincerely hoped her roommate didn't let anyone back in Custer know that. The entire town firmly believed in her talent. Firmly believed in her.

After so much time, she couldn't continue to make up excuses why her name didn't light up a marquee. So she'd stretched the truth. All right, she'd elasticized it to the point where it was no longer recognizable. Performing in an Off Broadway musical was a long shot from her job as a singing waitress. Her friends and family believed she was well on the road to becoming a star. Little could be further from the truth. The light of ambition in Jenny's eyes had dimmed considerably in the past three years. Not so long ago she would have jumped at the chance to audition for John Peterman. These days it was difficult to find the energy to drag herself out of bed.

"I don't know if all this trouble is worth the effort," she confessed as she reached for her beige dancing shoes.

"Don't talk like that, Jenny. This is your dream." She hugged her clenched fists to her breast. "Don't let go now. Not when you're so close to making it all come true."

Jenny wished she shared her friend's limitless enthusiasm. Michelle had been spurned as many times as Jenny. Yet her roommate continued to bounce back with renewed optimism, ever hopeful, ever cheerful, ever certain their big break was just around the next corner.

Part of Jenny's reluctance had to do with the season. Christmastime away from her family had always been difficult, but it seemed even more so this year. Not only could she not afford the trip home, but once she was with her family and friends, Jenny realized, she'd never be able to continue with the lie. One look and her parents would guess the truth.

Then there was Trey, their neighbor and longtime family friend. The boy next door, only anyone who met the cattle rancher would be hard-pressed to refer to him as a boy. Whenever Jenny became disheartened, she closed her eyes and remembered Trey.

Trey sitting atop his roan, his Stetson dipped low enough to disguise his eyes. He did that on purpose, she believed, just so she couldn't read his expression. His ranch bordered her father's spread, so Trey had been around for as long as Jenny could remember.

While in school, Jenny had never given much thought to her handsome neighbor. In the years since she'd been away, all that had changed. Whenever Jenny thought about home, it was Trey LaRue who popped into her mind. Trey riding the open range. Trey gentling a startled filly. Trey carrying a sick calf.

Of course he might be married by now, although she doubted it. Surely her mother would have said something if he'd tied the knot. He was at the age-past it, really-when most ranchers married. Three years was a long time to be away from home. Although she remembered him, there was nothing to say he thought about her. A lot of things changed over time.

"Are you ready?" Michelle asked. Her roommate's eagerness was a burr under Jenny's saddle. By all that was right, she should be in bed. Her feet hadn't stopped hurting, nor had her back ceased to ache. Yet when she'd finished dancing her heart out, singing until her vocal cords were strained, she'd be due back at Arnold's.

"I'm as ready as I'll ever be." Even as she said the words, Jenny felt a sinking sensation in the pit of her stomach. Auditioning seemed a waste of effort. A waste of time. A waste of her heart.

"That's Jenny?" Mercy asked Gabriel, standing in the corner of the tiny apartment.

"That's her."

"Who's been praying for her?" This question came from Goodness.

Mercy glared at her friend as if to say she was the one who would be asking the questions. After all, this was her assignment. Goodness had already met her charge, and as always, her friend was looking to meddle. Mercy knew that look and sincerely hoped Gabriel didn't.

"The prayer originated from her neighbor in Montana," Gabriel answered. He frowned as he said it, as if plowing through his memory to put a name to the request. "Trey LaRue, I believe," he said decisively. "Trey's known Jenny most of his life."

"What has he asked?"

"Trey wants Jenny to come home for the holidays. It seems Jenny's father has been feeling poorly. Dillon Lancaster won't ask his daughter to come home, and neither will Jenny's mother. But both miss her terribly."

"Why don't they visit New York?" The solution seemed obvious to Mercy. She could easily manipulate the couple into heading for the wonders of the big city. Naturally Goodness and Shirley would be willing to lend her a hand. Already she was formulating a plan.

Why, the three of them had gotten so good at this sort of thing that it wouldn't surprise her if the Lancasters never guessed how they'd gotten to New York. A little celestial manipulation never hurt anyone.

"Jenny has discouraged them from coming," Gabriel explained.

"But why ..." Mercy stopped herself. She already knew the answer. Jenny didn't want her family to know that she'd lied. She wasn't starring in an Off Broadway production of Guys and Dolls. She was a waitress who quite literally sang for her supper. The line of success she'd fed her family was gagging the young woman now. Jenny couldn't allow her parents to see where she worked. Being forced to admit the truth would humiliate her, so she continued to sabotage herself.

Lies were like that, Mercy realized, and wondered why humans so readily fell into that trap. She'd seen for herself how lies tainted human lives. Would they never learn?

What had started out as a slight exaggeration on Jenny's part had turned into a monster that separated her from those she loved most. All because she hadn't wanted to disappoint her family. Instead she'd disappointed herself.

"This shouldn't be so hard, should it?" Goodness said, looping her arm through Mercy's. "From what we've seen, Jenny's ready to give it up and head back to Montana all on her own. Not just for Christmas, either. After all the disappointment she's suffered, she's more than ready for the green, green pastures of home. I can't say that I blame her. The time has come for her to face up to a few home truths."

Gabriel's brow rose as if Goodness's insight surprised him, and Mercy's friend beamed. "Is that a fact?"

"I wouldn't be so fast to form an opinion about Jenny," Gabriel warned. "She's very talented. I shouldn't need to remind you what God says about the desires of one's heart."

"You mean she isn't ready to relinquish her dream?" Mercy asked. She'd read the situation the same as Goodness. It seemed all Jenny needed was one good excuse to pack her bags and head home to Montana. And to Trey, the young man who cared enough to pray for her return.

"I'm not here to answer those questions," Gabriel said, "but I don't think you should underestimate the power of a dream. Jenny has lived and breathed little else for three long years. It's true she's discouraged, but that doesn't mean she's willing to give up. You might be surprised to discover just how close she really is to seeing her name in lights. Don't forget," Gabriel warned, "that the darkest hour is just before dawn. She could be on the brink of something big."

"Do you really think so?" Mercy felt the excitement churning inside her. But that enthusiasm slowly ground to a halt as she studied the archangel. "Is there something you know that we don't?" Gabriel occasionally withheld information in a blatant effort to teach them a lesson. Mercy had long suspected it to be so.

"No," the archangel assured them. "Just don't be so quick to assume the obvious."

"My oh my, she is talented," Mercy admitted, watching her young charge's agile leap across the stage.

It was at times like this that Jenny realized how badly she hungered for this dream. Once she stood on stage with the other dancers, her adrenaline started flowing, pumping her deflated hopes until they soared higher and higher.

This was where she belonged, where she longed to be. Her heart hummed with excitement, waiting for the opportunity to prove herself.

"Jenny Lancaster." Her name was called by a man sitting in the theater seating. Since the lights blocked her view, the casting director was no more than a hoarse, detached voice. From her best guess, she figured he was somewhere in the first five or six rows.

Jenny stepped forward and handed the piano man her sheet music.

"What will you be singing?" asked the same uninterested voice.

She moved one step and peered into the dark. " 'Don't Cry for Me, Argentina.' "

"Fine. Give us your best eight bars."

It was always the same. Rarely did it vary. Jenny suspected she could have sung a tune from a Sesame Street production and no one would have known the difference, least of all the casting director. He'd made up his mind even before her turn had come, even before she'd been given a chance to prove what she could do.

Argentina might not weep for her, but Jenny felt the tears welling up inside her. Tears of disappointment. Tears of struggle. Tears of a dream that refused to die.

The first chords from the piano filled the silence. Jenny hung her head and closed her eyes, allowing the music to transport her to another world. She drew in a deep breath and slowly lifted her head. No longer was Jenny Lancaster auditioning for a bit part; she was playing the role of her life. Within the magic of a few notes, she was transformed from a disillusioned waitress into the ambitious wife of a South American dictator.

"Wow." Mercy was set back on her wings. "That girl can sing."

"She is talented," Shirley was quick to agree.

"Incredible." Goodness seemed to be at a loss for words, which was completely unlike her.

Mercy knew she could accept no credit for Jenny's skill; nevertheless she experienced a deep sense of pride that she should be assigned to this amazing young woman.

"Her voice, why, it's almost ..."

"Angelic," Gabriel supplied, grinning broadly. It was a rare treat to find the archangel in such good spirits.

"Yes," Mercy agreed. "Angelic."

"You believe you can handle this request?" he questioned.

Mercy was sure she could. "Yes," she assured him confidently. "Leave everything to me." Somehow, some way, Mercy would come up with the means of helping Jenny fulfill her dreams. With a little help from her friends.

Anyone with this much talent, this much heart, deserved a break. A bit of intercession from the heavenly realm never hurt. Naturally Mercy wasn't about to let Gabriel know her plans, but then what he didn't know couldn't hurt him.

And while she had her hand in Jenny's life, Mercy decided, she might as well do what she could about getting the talented singer home for the holidays.

"No funny stuff," Gabriel warned.

Mercy managed to look offended. "Gabriel, please, you insult me."

"I won't have you hot-wiring cars and sending them where you will."

Mercy's shoulders went back in a display of outrage. "I'd never resort to anything that underhanded."

Gabriel didn't say anything for several moments. Then, scratching his head, he studied the three prayer ambassadors. "Can anyone tell me why I don't believe you?"

Four

"I'd like everyone to take out a clean piece of paper," Brynn instructed, standing in front of the classroom. It sounded like a simple enough request, one would think. But from the moaning and groaning, it was as if she'd sprung a surprise quiz on them.

"You aren't going to make us write again, are you?" Emilio Alcantara groaned aloud, voicing, Brynn suspected, the thoughts of half the class.

"Yes, I am," she said, unwilling to let her students' lack of enthusiasm dampen her spirits.

Yolanda leaned so far out of her desk toward Denzil Johnson that she nearly toppled onto the floor.

"Yolanda," Brynn said, "is there a problem?"

"I don't have any paper. I wanted to borrow a piece from Denzil."

"Get your own paper, woman," the black youth protested. "What do I look like, a friggin' Wal-Mart?"

"I loaned you paper last week." Yolanda's dark eyes snapped with outrage.

"That's because you were lucky enough to have me sit next to you. I never said nothin' about paying you back."

Yolanda's mouth thinned, and it looked as if she were about to explode when Suzie Chang saved the day.

"I have an extra sheet she can use," the Chinese girl volunteered shyly, tearing off a clean page from her tablet and passing it across the aisle to Yolanda. The Hispanic girl grabbed it and glared at Denzil as if to say it would be a cold day in hell before he got anything from her again.

"Thank you, Suzie," Brynn said, eager to return to the writing assignment.

"What are you going to have us write about this time?" Emilio asked. "Not something stupid, I hope."

Teaching the value clarification portion of the class had proved to be the most difficult for Brynn. She wanted to make this as interesting and as much fun as she could, but she often found herself on a completely different wavelength from her students.

The incident with Emilio in the hallway was a prime example. The teenager had actually expected her to lie on his behalf. Emilio didn't understand why she'd told the truth about the knife. He'd missed three days of school and consequently blamed her. He saw nothing wrong with his own behavior but seemed to feel that she'd been the one to betray his trust.

It had taken the better part of another week for his sullen mood in class to disappear. She wasn't sure even now what she'd done to get back into his good graces. Whatever it was, she was grateful. Emilio was a natural leader, so his attitude was quickly picked up by the others in class.

Ever since the incident with Emilio she'd been subjected to an attitude of mistrust. It was as if she'd fallen from grace in the eyes of her students.

"First off, don't put your name on the top of the page."

"You don't want our names?" This clearly came as a surprise since she'd so often instructed them to remember just that.

"No names," she reiterated. "Now I'd like each of you to write one hundred and fifty words."

"We gotta count them?"

"That's about a page and a half," Brynn explained. "The subject of your paper is this: If I could kiss anyone in this classroom, who would it be, and why."

For a moment the entire class looked at her as if they couldn't believe what she'd said. Someone smothered a giggle and catcalls echoed across the room.

It didn't take anyone long to get involved in the project. Soon heads were bowed over the paper, and her students wrote feverishly. Brynn liked to involve her students in some type of writing assignment, often on a daily basis. She did this for a number of reasons, but first and foremost was an effort to require them to clarify their thoughts on certain subjects. She attempted to balance a serious topic one day, followed by a lighter one the next.

Although she'd been teaching the class for a number of weeks now, whenever they were asked to write, her students put up a royal stink. Often they bombarded her with silly questions or employed other delay tactics in an effort to forestall the assignment.

Not this time. Looking at them now, writing as fast as their hands would allow, one would think the first student finished would be excused for what remained of the quarter.

"When you're done writing, please bring the papers to my desk." The class was both cooperative and silent. The cooperation part was a welcome relief. Brynn was beginning to feel like a salmon swimming upstream. Every inch was a struggle, every day a challenge.

One by one, her class delivered their papers to her desk. Before long Brynn had accumulated a tidy stack.

Curious whispers followed.

"Aren't you going to read them?" someone asked.

"I will later," she promised, as if this were a normal assignment.

"Wait a minute," Emilio said, slouching down on his seat. "I gotta right to know how many women want me."

Several of the girls booed, suggesting he wasn't the one on their list.

Emilio planted his hand over his heart and looked deeply grieved by their lack of appreciation for his obvious charms.

"Did anyone put me down?" Modesto demanded. "Emilio's got a point, you know."

"One thing's for sure, no one picked Mike," taunted a boy in the back of class.

Mike was a loner and rarely contributed to class discussions. He suffered from a bad case of acne and kept his distance from the others. Brynn had never seen him talk to any of the other students. In many ways her heart went out to Mike, and she struggled to reach him. To have someone taunt him now was cruel and unnecessary. For the first time Brynn wondered about the wisdom of her assignment. It had sounded like such fun when she'd planned it.

"Don't be so sure," Brynn said, and reached for the stack of papers. Her relief was great when she saw that one of the first papers mentioned Mike's name. "Here's a paper for Mike."

"You gotta be kidding." This came from Modesto. The youth sat up and turned around to stare at Mike.

Brynn walked down the aisle and handed Mike the paper.

"How come he gets to read his and I can't have mine?" This came from Emilio.

The corners of Mike's mouth turned up and revealed a brief smile when she laid the sheet down on his desk.

"I'll get to you soon enough," Brynn promised.

"If anyone chose him," Yolanda joked.

"Do bears shit in the woods?"

"Emilio," Brynn admonished. "I won't have that language in my class."

"Sorry, Miss Cassidy."

"Careful," Brynn heard someone say under their breath. "She might get you suspended again."

The next paper listed Emilio's name. She handed it to him and he let out a triumphant cry and punctured the air with his fist. "What did I tell you?" he shouted. "Women are crazy about me." Excited and pleased, he was halfway out of his desk. "I got charisma, you know. Real charisma."

Brynn walked up and down the aisles, delivering the papers. It flustered her a bit when she found her own name toward the top of the page. Emilio's handwriting was immediately recognizable, and she flushed. She'd never intended for anyone to put down her name.

"You aren't going to want these back, are you?" Yolanda pleaded.

"No. Keep them."

"Ms. Cassidy." Denzil's hand waved frantically. "There must be some mistake. I didn't get any papers."

"That's because you're greedy," Yolanda took delight in informing him. "Besides, why would anyone want to kiss you?"

"Hey, you didn't have any problem the other night."

"I'd had too much to drink and you know it."

"That's not what you said earlier."

The bell rang just then, and Brynn was saved from having to break off a spat between the two for the second time that day. Whatever was taking place between Yolanda and Denzil was best settled outside the classroom.

"For your assignment," Brynn said, raising her hand to capture their attention before the room emptied, "read the next chapter of The Diary of Anne Frank."

Her words were followed by a loud moan.

"I'll see everyone tomorrow afternoon. Have a good evening."

It never ceased to amaze Brynn how fast her classroom emptied. It was as though her students stampeded toward the door in an effort to escape a nuclear holocaust.

As was her habit at the end of the day, Brynn sat at her desk and graded assignments, but today she didn't have much time because of a dental appointment in New Jersey. After a half hour, she tucked what she hadn't finished into her briefcase and headed toward the staff parking lot.

"Yo, Ms. Cassidy!" Emilio raced toward her.

"Hello, Emilio."

His steps soon matched hers. "You probably guessed it was me who wrote down your name, right?"

Brynn could feel her face growing warm.

"Listen, I thought I should explain," he said quickly, looking slightly embarrassed himself. "I gotta be careful paying too much attention to any one chick. You see, there are three or four in the class who've got the hots for me. I was trying to be diplomic about it."

"Diplomatic."

"Yeah, that."

"I understand, Emilio, and applaud your efforts."

"Good, 'cause I don't need chick trouble."

"I figured it was something like that," she assured him.

"Great."

"I'll see you tomorrow," she said, doing her best to disguise her amusement. One thing was certain: she didn't want to be the cause of "chick problems" for Emilio Alcantara.

Emilio turned and hurried across the parking lot toward the basketball hoop where his friends were busy playing two on two.

Brynn climbed inside her car and turned the key. It flickered to life, sputtered, and then quickly died. Surprised, she tried again, with the same results. She hadn't left her lights on that morning, she was sure of that. Her vehicle had recently been serviced. She tried once more, and this time the engine did nothing more than cough and choke.

"No, please, no," Brynn murmured, and pressed her forehead against the steering wheel. Trouble with her car was the last thing she needed.

Hannah shouldn't be this eager to see Joshua again, but she was. Again and again her gaze drifted toward the deli's front door as she waited impatiently for the man she'd met at Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.

Her heart pounded like a race car piston every time she thought about Joshua. He'd been so gentle and caring. So considerate.

Although they'd only just met, they hadn't lacked for conversation. Joshua was the kind of man she could talk to for hours on end. Generally Hannah found herself tongue-tied and uneasy around men, but not with Joshua. It was as if they'd been friends for a long time.

Friends.

The word comforted her and eased her conscience.

Carl had joined her family for Thanksgiving dinner, and afterward he'd sat in the living room with her father. The two men had talked far into the evening, debating political issues and other matters. Before he'd left, Hannah's parents had discreetly left the room, affording her time alone with her beau. At first Carl and Hannah had seemed awkward with each other, Carl as much as she.

In an effort to ease the discomfort, she apologized for having lost him while at the parade. Carl reminded her that he felt responsible for her safety and suggested that in the years to come they'd watch the parade on television.

Hannah had lowered her head to hide her disappointment. Then, almost as if it were expected of him, Carl had leaned forward and gently pressed his lips to hers.

It was a sweet kiss, undemanding and totally lacking in passion.

Standing in the deli, Hannah closed her eyes and tried to dredge up some emotion, some deep feelings for Carl. But try as she might, she felt nothing. Surely not desire. Definitely no compelling yearning for his company. He was Carl, the rabbi's son. The man her parents felt would make her the perfect husband.

"Hannah," her mother admonished, coming out of the kitchen. Her arms were loaded with a tray of sliced bread. "Are you ill?"

"No, Mama."

"Then why do you stand there with your eyes closed? We have customers."

"I'm sorry." And Hannah was. She didn't know what was wrong with her to dawdle when there was work to be done.

Her mother peeled off a list of lunch orders from the fax machine, smoothed them out on the counter, and went about assembling sandwiches with a skill and dexterity that spoke of many years' experience.

Hannah lent a hand, packing the orders into plain brown bags and marking each one. The scent of freshly baked bread spilled out of the kitchen and into the front of the deli, mingling with those of sliced pastrami and knishes, her father's specialties.

After a few minutes, Hannah tried again. "Mama, tell me how you met Dad."

Ruth Morganstern slowly lifted her eyes to Hannah. She appeared surprised by the question. "I don't have time for such foolishness now."

Disappointed, Hannah said nothing.

"We have orders and you're asking me about your father and me?" She laughed lightly. "It was so many years ago now. For over forty years I've loved this man. I don't remember when we met."

"You don't remember?" David shouted from the far side of the deli. "Forty-three years and you don't remember? What kind of wife forgets the day she met the man who would be her husband?"

Ruth laughed and dismissed him with a wave. "I remember some things."

"I should hope to God you do."

"He was handsome," Hannah's mother said out of the corner of her mouth.

"I'm still handsome."

"More so then," Ruth added, her eyes crinkling with amusement.

"Your mother was even more beautiful than she is now," Hannah's father called back. "I'd look at her and forget all about slicing meat. The time I courted her I nearly lost two fingers."

Hannah laughed, delighted at the exchange between her parents. It seemed the lunch crowd, pressed against the glass display case, lost their impatience, and there were shared smiles all around.

Her father handed a thick pastrami sandwich on a paper plate to a young businessman. "You'll have to excuse my daughter," he said under his breath, but loudly enough for Hannah to hear. "She's in love."

In love? This was news to Hannah. But then, if she were to marry Carl, it was implied that they cared deeply for each other. Hannah liked Carl, respected him. He was a good, honorable man and, according to her parents, a fine catch.

Her mother couldn't have been more pleased when Hannah first started dating Carl. A rabbi's son. In Ruth's eyes, Carl was a better catch than a doctor or even an attorney.

An attorney. Automatically Hannah's thoughts drifted back to Joshua, although he'd never been far from her mind since they'd met.

"Here," Ruth said, handing Hannah the bag loaded with faxed orders. "With your head full of romance, can I trust you not to confuse these orders?" she teased affectionately.

"Of course," Hannah answered, and blushed.

"Your head's some place else these days." Her mother leveled her gaze on Hannah. "Your head and your heart." Hannah reached for her hand-knit scarf and wool coat. The deli employed a number of runners, but she was often needed to fill in during the lunch-hour rush.

"I won't be long," she promised before heading out into the cold.

Both her parents stared after her, and Hannah had the distinct impression that they would soon be bragging to their customers about her imminent engagement to Carl.

The wind nipped at her face as she hurried along Front Street in the bustling financial district. Taxis honked with impatience and a bus roared past, leaving her to choke on its exhaust.

Hannah's steps were filled with purpose as she wove her way in and around the foot traffic. She hadn't gone more than a block when she heard someone call her name. After a moment's hesitation, she looked over her shoulder. She didn't see anyone she knew.

"Hannah, wait."

The voice was recognizable now. Joshua.

She scanned the crowd but couldn't see him. Then she found him, standing on the other side of the street. He raised his arm high above his head and waved to attract her attention.

Standing on her tiptoes, Hannah smiled and waved back.

Joshua gestured for her to wait, and as soon as the traffic passed, he jogged across the street.

"Hello again," he said, smiling down at her.

"Hello."

There didn't seem to be anything more to say, but her pulse quickened and she felt as if her heart were trying to escape from inside her chest.

"I was on my way to the deli when I saw you."

"I'm delivering orders," she told him. She didn't have time to talk, not when hungry customers were waiting for their lunches. "I can't visit now." Regret settled over her. All day she'd waited for the opportunity to see Joshua again, and now, when she did happen upon him, she was forced to leave.

"I'll come with you," he suggested.

"But ..."

"Do you have to get back right away?"

She should. She knew she should. Her parents might need her to make a second run and possibly a third. She hedged, not sure what to do.

"Five minutes," Josh suggested. "Ten. Listen, I'll help you deliver these orders and you won't be away any time at all. Don't say no, Hannah."

Hannah knew she shouldn't, but she found it even more difficult to turn him down, to deny herself the pleasure of this one short encounter. She gave him a barely discernible nod, praying she was doing the right thing.

Even before she had a chance to think the matter through, Joshua reached inside her carrying bag and grabbed three lunch orders. Not giving her time to protest, he rattled off the address to his office and instructed her to meet him there in ten minutes.

Feeling slightly guilty, she hurried to deliver what remained of the orders. Hannah often took a couple of minutes to chat with her customers, many of whom she considered friends, but not this afternoon. She was in and out as fast as she could manage it.

As soon as she could, she made her way to Joshua's office building. Crammed inside an elevator, she headed for the twenty-sixth floor. The elevator doors slid open and she stepped into an office complex lavishly decorated in mauves and grays. The names of the law firm partners were elegantly sprawled in large gold letters across one fabric-covered wall.

Hannah had been inside this complex a number of times and knew it to be one of the most prestigious law firms in Manhattan. She'd had no idea Joshua was a part of this firm.

Law clerks bustled about, and the phone jingled. Clients lingered in the waiting room.

"May I help you?" the receptionist asked. If she recognized Hannah as the girl from the deli, she didn't say anything.

"I'm Hannah Morganstern," she said.

The woman's face relaxed into a smile. "Ah yes, Mr. Shadduck said you'd be here soon. I'll have someone take you right back." She motioned toward one of the law clerks.

Hannah was escorted down a wide hallway. The law clerk gestured toward Joshua's door, which was open. Joshua stood on the far side of the office. He must have sensed her arrival because he turned around and his face brightened with a warm, welcoming smile.

She knew it was impolite to stare, but she couldn't take her eyes off the framed list of achievements that lined his walls. This was no ordinary man. He was rich and powerful.

"What's wrong?"

She pulled her gaze away from the wall, surprised he had read her so easily. "I've never been inside your office before." She'd delivered his lunch any number of times but had never been past the foyer and the receptionist. She recognized Joshua from the times he'd come into the deli himself.

"Sit down. I'll ring Mary for something hot. Which do you prefer? Coffee or tea?"

"I ... I really can't stay." To think that she'd allowed this important attorney to deliver lunches on her behalf. Hannah was mortified to the very marrow of her bones.

"You can't stay? Why not? I thought we had this all settled." He walked toward her and reached for her hand. Hannah didn't know if it was from the cold or the shock of seeing Joshua in this environment, but her fingers were icy cold.

"You're freezing." He rubbed her right hand between his own two hands. "You should be wearing gloves."

She felt completely out of her element. Pride prevented her from making up some excuse and rushing away. "I ... I didn't know," she whispered.

Josh led her to a comfortable brown leather sofa and sat her down. "Didn't know what?"

Hannah held her tongue rather than blurt out the truth. When they'd met at the parade he was a familiar face, someone she recognized. In this office, he was the epitome of the kind of man her father distrusted.

"I've been thinking about you all weekend," he said. "How was your Thanksgiving?"

Now was the perfect opportunity to tell him how close she was to becoming engaged to Carl. She could bring Carl's name up naturally and explain the situation. She could tell him how Carl had joined her family for dinner. How Carl and her father had talked. How Carl had kissed her good night. How they'd met on the Sabbath, after services in the synagogue.

"It was very nice," she said instead, wanting to kick herself. "How about you?"

"I ate with my mother and grandmother."

That started it. Within a matter of minutes he had her laughing over something his grandmother said, and they were immersed in conversation.

Twenty minutes slipped by, and it seemed like only five. "I have to get back," she said, unable to disguise her regret. "Thank you for the tea ... for everything." She wouldn't indulge herself again. Not with Joshua.

Whatever made her so bold, Hannah would never know. She stood, prepared to walk away, and before she left, she pressed the palm of her hand to Joshua's clean-shaven face.

"Good-bye, Joshua," she said, and not giving him time to answer, she hurried from his office.

Her mother eyed her wearily when Hannah arrived back at the deli. "What took you?" she asked.

"I got sidetracked," Hannah admitted.

"Next time don't visit so long," her father warned her. "We needed you here."

"I'm sorry I'm late. Do you need me to make another run?"

"Don't worry, Louise was able to do it." Her mother rattled off a list of tasks. Hannah was grateful to work in the kitchen the rest of the afternoon.

"Hannah," her father called two hours later. "A package's been delivered for you."

"For me?" Drying her hands on a linen towel, Hannah stepped out to the front of the deli. A freckle-faced delivery boy held out a small, flat box. "Hannah Morganstern?"

"That's me."

"Sign here." He thrust a clipboard at her.

Hannah penned her name and then, with her parents watching, unwrapped the flat, oblong box.

Inside were a pair of expensive leather gloves and a note from Joshua.

"I've never heard you sing better," Michelle said as she and Jenny returned to their shared apartment. "Oh, Jenny, this is the break we've been waiting for. We're going to sing and dance on Broadway. I can feel it in my bones. We're really going to make it."

They often built each other up after an audition. Casting directors weren't known for lavishing potential stars with positive feedback, so they gave it to each other.

"Your voice ..." Michelle hesitated as though she had trouble finding the words. "It's different now. There's a depth and maturity that wasn't there six months ago." Michelle set the mail on the kitchen table. "Don't misunderstand me, you've always been good, but this afternoon you were nothing short of brilliant."

Jenny rolled her eyes.

"I'm not blowing smoke out my ears, either." Michelle sounded slightly offended. "I mean it, Jenny. I really think you're going to get a part, maybe even one of the leads."

Jenny knew otherwise. She sang her heart out the way she did for every audition. Nothing was going to change. She refused to build up her hopes again.

"This looks interesting," Michelle said, holding up an envelope and tossing it to her. "It's addressed to you. It might even be a Christmas card. Already? Good grief, it's not even December yet."

Jenny examined the envelope, her gaze scanning the return address. She recognized it immediately, and her breath jammed in her throat.

"Jenny? What is it?"

"It's from Trey," she whispered.

"Trey who?"

She stood and walked around the table while motioning with her hands, unable to formulate the words. "Trey LaRue ... my neighbor, or rather my parents' neighbor."

"You've never mentioned him before," Michelle said.

"I haven't?" That seemed impossible. He was an integral part of what she considered home and family.

"Well, open it and find out what he has to say," Michelle encouraged.

That seemed the most logical thing to do. Jenny's hand trembled as she peeled back the flap and withdrew a card. A colorful turkey decorated the front, its plumage fanned out across the top. She opened the card and found Trey had written only one short sentence: "I'm eager to see you this Christmas." His name was signed below in smooth, even strokes of the fountain pen.

Jenny's heart sank to the pit of her stomach. She handed the card to Michelle.

"You're going home for the holidays?"

Jenny shook her head. "You know I can't. Not with money so tight." Not after she'd let everyone believe she had a starring role in an Off Broadway production.

"I like his signature," Michelle said, studying the card. "You can tell a lot about a man by the way he signs his name." Her look was thoughtful. "But," she continued, grinning at Jenny, "I'd rather have you tell me all about him yourself."

"What can I say?" Jenny murmured, surprised to discover she didn't want to discuss Trey with her best friend.

She'd never missed home more than she did right at that moment. She longed to gaze into a night sky where the stars weren't obliterated by city lights. She wanted to close her eyes and smell the scent of fresh hay. Home was cattle and mud and frustration. Home was love. Home was Trey.

"He's hasn't written you before, has he?" Michelle pressed.

"No."

"Why now?"

Jenny shrugged. "I don't know. He owns the spread next to ours," she volunteered, hoping her friend would help her reason it out. A smile touched the edges of her mouth. "He's a cowboy from head to foot. Full of grit and mettle. Stubborn and determined, with skin as tan as leather and a constitution of iron."

"Did you date him?"

"No ... he's older than me by several years." Eight years had made a world of difference when she was in high school, but it didn't seem all that important now. "He's probably one of the most decent, hardworking men I've ever known."

"It's obvious he wants you to come home."

Jenny set aside the card and exhaled a long, slow breath. "Well, I can't, so there's no use sitting around here stewing about it."

"It seems a shame, after him writing and all."

"I can't go home," Jenny said forcefully. "You can't, either, because the both of us are going to have plum roles in the new Lehman musical, and we'll be in the thick of rehearsals."

"You're right," Michelle said as if this were something she hadn't considered.

"We'll be stars."

"Stars," Michelle repeated. "Our names will light up the marquee."

"Bright lights, and bright futures." But even as she said the words, they rang false in her ears.

"Goodness." Gabriel was furious. Shirley, Goodness, and Mercy had ignored him at every turn, and he wasn't putting up with it this year. His schedule was busy enough without those three meddling in matters that were none of their concern.

"You called?" The three shot up to heaven, looking as innocent as newborn lambs. Their feathery wings were tucked firmly in place, and their expressions were filled with guileless innocence.

"Shirley," he roared. "Did I or did I not tell you to stay away from Brynn Cassidy?" He didn't give her a chance to reply. "Might I ask what you were doing in her classroom this afternoon? This is your assignment," he said, handing her a slip of paper. "Now I expect you to help Craig Houle. If I see you anywhere close to Manhattan High School again, it will be cause for disciplinary action."

The three gasped.

Gabriel refused to allow these prayer ambassadors to manipulate him any further.

"Goodness, what did I tell you about Hannah? You don't think I know that you had a hand in Joshua Shadduck running into her this afternoon? Well, I'm on to your games. You will keep your fingers out of her life, is that understood?"

Goodness nodded.

"As for you, Mercy ..." He looked down over his notes and, flustered, ran a hand over his face. He glanced up at the third angel. "Oh my, you're going to need all the help you can get."

Five

"Gabriel handed you an assignment on a piece of paper." Goodness was offended on Shirley's behalf, and rightly so. Never in their two-year history of working the Christmas holiday prayer rush had they been treated so shabbily. It was downright degrading.

"It might not be so bad," Mercy suggested, gathering close to her friend's side. The third angel was the peacemaker of the group. "The least we can do is give Gabriel the benefit of the doubt."

Shirley peeled open the folded sheet. Goodness and Mercy crowded close in an effort to read over her shoulder.

"The prayer request is from Craig Houle," the angel told them. "He's ten and has asked God for a chess set for Christmas."

"You've got to be kidding." Mercy flapped her wings in a display of disgust. "A chess set for a ten-year-old boy. Why, that's an insult to our good names."

"We have a tradition to uphold."

Goodness couldn't stay in one spot, not when she was this angry. "It's a matter of pride. If anyone could help Brynn Cassidy with those high schoolers, it's Shirley. This other stuff is child's play."

"Exactly!" Shirley declared. "We have something to prove, so let's do it."

Indignant, the three returned to earth, their feathers in a dither, swirling down on the unsuspecting city like the Horsemen due from the Apocalypse.

"Exactly where does this Craig Houle live?" Goodness demanded as the three hovered over the Queensboro Bridge. Gabriel should count his blessings. There was a time, not so long past, when Goodness would have taken delight in dallying with streetlights and rerouting New York City traffic.

"According to this, Craig lives on Roosevelt Island," Shirley answered, reading over the request form. "At this time of day, he's most likely in school."

"Yes, but it's his parents we need to influence, right?" Mercy asked, thinking on her feet-er, wings.

"Right," the other two agreed.

"Then all we need do is convince his mother or father to do a little pre-Christmas shopping."

Goodness made a tsk-tsk sound. "I think it's time we taught Gabriel a lesson on just how good we are."

"I don't believe I've ever been more offended," Shirley said as the three briskly headed toward Roosevelt Island.

Peggy Houle walked down the quiet hospital corridor and sat at the nurses' station. Her rubber soles barely made a sound on the polished tile floor.

She started to make a notation in one of her patient's charts when she noticed a newspaper spread open across the top of the counter.

"That's odd," she mumbled to herself, and scooted the paper aside.

She looked around, wondering who'd left it. One thing was certain: none of the nurses were accorded the luxury of sitting down and reading. Not while on duty, at any rate. The hospital was short-staffed as it was, and breaks, even the ones allotted them in the terms of their contract, were often few and far between.

"My dogs are barking." Ellen Freeman, another nurse, joined Peggy. She slipped off her shoe and rubbed her sore toes. "This is what I get for not breaking in these new shoes first." She reached for the newspaper. "Who left this?"

"I don't know. It wasn't here five minutes ago."

"Look," Ellen said, pointing to the printed page. "There's a gigantic toy sale going on for the next couple of days. I haven't even started my Christmas shopping."

"I was finished last week," Peggy said, feeling almost smug. She'd hit the stores her first day off following Thanksgiving and finished it all in one fell swoop-wrapping paper, new decorations, tinsel, the whole nine yards.

There wasn't a reason on this earth good enough for her to voluntarily step inside a store again in the whole month of December. Not when it seemed the entire city had gone crazy. At the end of her shift all Peggy wanted to do was head home.

"I've been thinking I'd buy the kids educational gifts this year," Ellen murmured. "Something that will stir their minds instead of those brainless television games. I can't tell you how sick I am of them sitting like zombies holding on to their joysticks."

"A chess set?" Peggy said, and snapped her head back, startled.

"A chess set," Ellen repeated, oblivious of her friend's chagrin. "Now that I think about it, you're right. A chess set is an excellent idea."

"What did I just say?"

"A chess set." Ellen looked up, surprised. "Is something wrong?"

"No ... the funniest thing just happened." Peggy slapped the side of her head, hoping that would help.

"What?" Ellen was curious now.

"The words a chess set echoed in my ear. Three times, and each time I swear I was hearing a different voice."

"I still think it's an excellent idea," Ellen said, and replaced her shoe. "Are you sure you won't come to the toy store with me?"

"Ah ..." Peggy hesitated, then found herself agreeing. "Sure," she mumbled, "why not?" For the life of her, she couldn't imagine why she was doing such a thing. "Who knows, maybe Craig would be interested in learning how to play chess himself," she said to justify her actions. After all, it was a good idea. Her son would enjoy learning the game.

Peggy leaned back on her chair. Abruptly she shook her head, then repeatedly slapped her hand against her ear. "It happened again," she said incredulously.

"You heard the words a chess set?"

"No," Peggy said, and shook her head like a dog fresh out of the water. "It was the same three voices, only this time they said ..."

"Yes," Ellen prodded.

"You aren't going to believe this." Peggy wasn't entirely sure she believed it herself. "Piece of cake," she mumbled, and shrugged, completely baffled.

"Oh, my," Shirley said, pointing into the distance. "Brynn Cassidy's in trouble." It was just what she'd expected would happen.

"Trouble?" Mercy repeated. "What's wrong?"

Cocky with their success, Goodness brushed the grit from her hands. "Trouble's our middle name. Brynn doesn't have a thing to worry about."

"Brynn might not, but we do," Mercy said, looking skeptical. "Gabriel isn't going to like this one bit. Not after the warning he gave us to stay away from her."

"Brynn's car won't start," Shirley informed her friends, her voice growing more concerned. "And I don't like the looks of those men, either." Clad in black leather jackets, two men stood on the other side of the chain-link fence, watching Brynn.

Brynn climbed out of her car and opened the hood. She cast a wary eye toward the men.

"If ever I've seen anyone with evil intentions, it's those two," Shirley informed her friends.

"They've got knives," Mercy said, tugging on Goodness's sleeve.

"We've got to do something," Shirley cried, hoping to hide her panic.

"You don't dare," Goodness insisted, gripping Shirley by the arm and stopping her. "Mercy's right. If Gabriel finds out, it'd be just the excuse he's looking for to stick us with guard duty."

"Then I'll take matters into my own hands," Shirley insisted.

"Talk to Gabriel," Mercy suggested. "Goodness and I can keep those two thugs occupied while you reason this out with him."

"Did I hear someone mention my name?" Gabriel appeared just then, startling the three angels.

"Gabriel," Shirley said boldly, "we need to talk."

"Indeed we do. What's this I hear about Peggy Houle experiencing hearing problems?"

Shirley, Goodness, and Mercy clammed up so fast their teeth made clicking sounds when their jaws closed.

"I strongly suspect a bit of ... intercession."

"I have a question of my own." Shirley stepped forward and bravely confronted the archangel. "Exactly whom have you assigned to work with Brynn Cassidy?"

Gabriel hesitated. "As a matter of course, I hadn't gotten around to choosing anyone just yet."

This was all Shirley needed to hear. "It's exactly as I suspected," she turned to inform her two friends with an indignant huff. "In the meantime Brynn Cassidy flounders, while heaven looks on unconcerned."

When she dared, Shirley chanced a look in his direction. "I want in," she informed Gabriel, her hand braced against her hip.

"What makes you think you can handle this case?" Gabriel's intense eyes burned holes straight into her.

"I can't," Shirley admitted. "At least not alone, but I have two friends who can help. In addition to ..."

"Yes," Gabriel prodded.

"In addition to my friends, there's you."

"Me?"

"And a host of heavenly assistance that's always on call."

Gabriel sighed. "You just might need it."

Shirley opened her mouth to further her argument, then realized what the archangel had said. "You mean to say you're willing to give me the assignment?" The winds of indignity that had ruffled her sails fell slack. "Really?"

From the tight set of his mouth, the archangel looked as if he already regretted this. "One condition. You must agree to call for help when you need it."

"I promise," Shirley said solemnly, and smiled at her two friends.

"Just remember we can accomplish all things with the power of God."

"All things," Shirley, Goodness, and Mercy repeated.

"We'll start right now," Gabriel suggested. "I'll let you take care of the problem of those two malcontents."

"Sure thing," Shirley said, eager to get started on the assignment now that it was officially hers. She eyed the two men watching Brynn, and almost felt sorry for them. It seemed to her they were prime candidates for a bit of intervention. Perhaps they should meet up with an old friend, one they weren't eager to see. Like their parole officer. Angel Shirley in disguise.

"I sincerely hope you know a good mechanic." Gabriel cast his gaze over to the disabled vehicle; then without a sound, without a clue, he disappeared.

"We do know a good mechanic, don't we?" Shirley asked, looking to her friends.

Goodness and Mercy stared back blankly.

"No," said Mercy to Shirley. "We thought you did."

It was barely after four and already the sky was growing dark. Within a half hour night would settle over the city like a black velvet quilt.

Brynn Cassidy had long since given up the idea of seeing her dentist. Missing the appointment to have her teeth cleaned was a minor inconvenience compared to the hassles of dealing with car troubles.

She couldn't leave her Ford Escort here overnight, that much she knew. In this high-crime area, she'd be fortunate to find the shell of her vehicle left by morning. Nor did she know of a good garage, especially one close by. She cast a look across the street, surprised and grateful that the two men lingering there moments earlier had disappeared.

"Are you having trouble, Miss Cassidy?" Emilio walked up to her, a basketball tucked under one arm.

Brynn was so grateful that someone had asked that it was all she could do to keep from blurting out her troubles. "It won't start, and I haven't got a clue what could be wrong."

Emilio walked around her vehicle as though inspecting it. "I know a little bit about engines."

"Do you think you might look at it?"

"Sure thing." Emilio slid halfway inside the driver's seat. One foot remained on the asphalt parking lot while he turned the ignition key. He pumped the gas pedal a couple of times while her car made a sick grinding sound.

"Do you know what's wrong?" Brynn asked expectantly.

"You sure it isn't your battery?" Emilio asked.

"Good grief, I wouldn't know."

The teenager seemed to find her answer amusing. "You know all them fancy words, Teach, but you aren't so smart when it comes to cars, are you?"

Brynn was more than willing to admit it. "Is it serious?" she asked.

Emilio shrugged. "I haven't got a clue."

"I thought you said you knew something about cars."

"I do, but I ain't no Mr. Goodwrench."

"Thanks anyway, Emilio. I appreciate your help." He'd done a lot more than her fellow teachers. Most had walked right past her.

Brynn closed the hood and locked up the car. She didn't want to leave it, but she didn't have any choice. Its hood shut with a bang that echoed through the darkening afternoon. She swung the strap of her purse over her shoulder, and with her back stiff, not knowing where to turn, she started out of the parking lot.

"Where you going?" Emilio asked, bouncing the basketball and weaving it in and out of his legs as he walked alongside her.

"I'd better get a tow truck."

"My brother can do that."

Brynn paused. "Your brother?"

"Roberto. He's owns a mechanic shop. If you want, I'll take you there. He'll know what to do."

Frankly, Brynn wished Emilio had said something about his brother sooner. "That would be great."

"Yeah, well, remember how much I helped you the next time you're tempted to have me suspended."

The three-block walk took only a matter of minutes. Brynn spied Roberto's shop when they turned the corner. It looked as if the garage had once been a neighborhood gas station. The corners of the cement building were chipped and the entire structure was badly in need of a fresh coat of paint.

Emilio opened the glass front door and walked inside. "Roberto!" he shouted.

His brother's reply was muffled.

"He's in the garage," Emilio said, gesturing to the narrow doorway that led to a large open area that served as the repair shop. Brynn followed her student inside.

"I drummed up some business for you," Emilio announced proudly, and motioned toward Brynn.

Roberto Alcantara slowly unfolded from a quarter panel of the blue Metro and reached for the pink rag tucked inside his coveralls pocket.

"Hello, Mr. Alcantara."

"Call him Roberto," Emilio insisted. "This is Miss Cassidy," he continued, looking well pleased with himself. "She's the teacher I was telling you about."

"Hello."

Roberto nodded and wiped his hands. His face remained emotionless.

"Ms. Cassidy's having car troubles."

"My car won't start," she elaborated. "I doubt that it's the battery. It ran perfectly fine this morning ... at least I thought it did."

"She doesn't know anything about cars," Emilio inserted. "Her specialty is dangling particles."

"Participles," Brynn corrected.

Emilio chuckled. "See what I mean?"

"I'm pleased to meet you, Miss Cassidy," Roberto said coolly, and tossed the rag onto his tool bench.

"I left my car in the school parking lot." She twisted her arm around and pointed in the direction of the school, which was completely unnecessary. Roberto Alcantara knew very well where the high school was.

Roberto said something to Emilio in Spanish. Emilio nodded quickly, then turned abruptly and hurried out of the garage. Within a matter of a minute she heard the youth talking on the phone, again in Spanish. Before he left, he collected her car keys.

"I've had Emilio call for a tow truck," Roberto informed her. "He'll meet the driver over at the school."

"Thank you. I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help."

Roberto said nothing.

Without being obvious, Brynn studied Emilio's brother. Roberto was tall and lean. His skin was the color of warm honey, his eyes and hair as dark a shade of brown as she'd ever seen. She guessed him to be around her own age, perhaps a year or two older. He wasn't openly hostile, but he did nothing to put her at ease. Every attempt at conversation was dead-ended.

As the minutes passed, the silence became more and more strained. Brynn wondered what she could have done to earn his disapproval, then realized it must be the incident with Emilio in the hall the first day she was at the school.

"I imagine you're upset with me because I was the one responsible for Emilio's suspension," she tried again. She wouldn't apologize, but she was prepared to state her side of the case. If he was willing to listen, that was.

"I'm not the least bit upset," he surprised her by answering. "Emilio knows the rules. He deserved what he got." He returned to working on the Metro and ignored her.

The next time he straightened, Brynn asked, "You don't like me, do you?" Normally she wouldn't be so confrontational, but it had been one of those days. If she'd done something to offend him, she wanted to know about it.

"That's right," he concurred.

"Do you mind telling me why?"

Apparently this was just the doorway he'd been waiting to walk through. Roberto met her look brazenly and continued. "Because you're filling my brother's head with nonsense."

"How do you mean?" Brynn struggled not to sound defensive and doubted that she'd succeeded.

He flung his arm in the air. "All your talk about the importance of an education. A high school diploma isn't going to help Emilio any more than it did me. Tell me, Miss Cassidy, exactly how is the history of World War Two going to feed a family? Will reading about Anne Frank get him a decent job?"

"Yes ... well, not directly," she faltered. "Education is the answer for Emilio." She couldn't believe Roberto would say such a thing.

"Emilio would be better off if he dropped out of school now and learned a trade." He turned his back on her and appeared to be looking for something on his tool bench. He carelessly tossed aside a wrench and reached for another.

"I soundly disagree," Brynn said.

"That's your right."

In all her years, Brynn had never heard anyone discourage someone from an education. "Don't tell me you actually want your brother to quit school. Surely your parents object to that."

"I'm the only family Emilio's got," Roberto announced.

"I'm sorry to hear that, especially if you think he shouldn't complete his education."

"I nearly had him convinced to come work with me here in the garage, but then you arrived and all of a sudden he's talking about goals and dreams and other such nonsense."

"It isn't nonsense," she argued.

Roberto threw down a rag and shook his head. "No matter what happens, my brother and I will live and die in this neighborhood. All your talk isn't going to change one damn thing."

Hannah knew it was coming. The minute Carl arrived with his parents, following synagogue, she knew. He'd come to ask her to be his wife. Come to stake his claim. She didn't know why he'd chosen now; then again, perhaps she did. Hannah knew that Carl had experienced pressure from his own family. They had dated several months now, and it was time to make a decision. He taught at the local Hebrew academy, and his position there was secure, despite his differences with the headmaster.

Together with her mother and father, Hannah led Carl's family into the compact living room. An expectant silence settled over the group as the two sets of parents exchanged happy glances.

Carl looked to Hannah, and she read the apology in his eyes. He hadn't wanted it to be like this, either. He would have preferred for them to speak privately first, but like her, he was caught in the trap of obligation and family tradition.

"Carl." The rabbi looked to his son.

Carl cleared his throat. "Hannah and I have been seeing each other exclusively now for several months," he began. His hands were clasped in his lap, and he seemed to be as uncomfortable with this as Hannah was. "It should come as no surprise that I have deep feelings for your daughter."

David and Ruth smiled and nodded.

Hannah read the delight in their eyes. This was their dream for her, what they'd been anxiously waiting to happen for weeks. If anything, they seemed surprised it had taken this long.

"Our Hannah has deep feelings for Carl as well," her father assured the rabbi and his wife. He looked to his daughter for confirmation.

Hannah had no option but to agree, and really, it wasn't a stretch of the truth. She did care for Carl. He had been both generous and considerate.

"I have a good job and make a respectable income," Carl said.

Her father nodded.

"I can afford to care for Hannah."

Again her father confirmed his approval with a quick nod.

The room went silent as everyone waited with breathless anticipation for what was to come next.

"With your permission, David and Ruth," Carl continued, his voice low and firm, "I would like to ask Hannah to be my wife."

Hannah watched as her sensible mother dissolved into tears of happiness and, perhaps, relief. Her father's face beamed with love and pride.

David cleared his throat as if to say his words were those of importance. "We couldn't ask for a better man for our only child. You have our permission and our heartfelt approval. May God deeply bless you both."

"Hannah?" Carl turned his attention to her.

Five people looked to her. She held their dreams in the palm of her hand. With everything in her she wanted to ask Carl to give her time before she decided. But to do so now would embarrass him and deeply disappoint their families.

"Hannah?" her mother asked softly.

Hannah glanced toward her parents. All her life she'd done as they wanted. She'd been a good daughter, an obedient child.

"Oh, Carl," she whispered.

Her mother dabbed at her eyes. Carl's mother sniffled.

"I couldn't be more honored than to be your wife."

The tension in the room evaporated as Carl's and her parents leapt to their feet and hugged each other. The only two not embracing were Carl and Hannah.

Carl moved to her side and knelt on the floor next to her chair. His eyes held hers captive. "I'll make you a good husband, Hannah."

She lowered her gaze. "And I'll be a good wife."

Joshua glanced at his watch and was surprised at the time. He'd been held up in court earlier that morning and been playing catch-up the rest of the day. Earlier he'd decided to stop off at the deli and be sure Hannah had received his gift. Frankly he'd been surprised not to hear from her before now.

It came as something of a surprise the way Hannah had filled his mind and his heart. For too many years he'd been whizzing down the fast lane of life, building his career and making a name for himself.

Then one morning, out of the blue, he'd woken with a hollow feeling in the pit of his stomach. This feeling, this emptiness, was something his grandmother's cooking wasn't going to satisfy.

It was then Joshua realized that what he was missing was a wife and family. He knew his mother had been wanting him to marry for a good long while. Only he had a certain type of woman in mind, and he didn't know if such a woman existed in this modern age.

First and foremost he sought a woman who shared his faith. One who would stand devotedly at his side through the years. A woman who would make his dreams hers and allow him to be part of hers. One who was kind and gentle. Loving and tender. Sensible.

He'd searched for months for this paragon of virtue, until he was convinced a woman such as this no longer existed.

Then he'd met Hannah.

After their first afternoon together, he'd realized she was exactly the type of woman he'd been longing to meet. To think all this time she'd been right under his nose. The local deli owner's daughter.

Joshua reached for his coat, and after telling his secretary where he'd be, he headed toward what many in New York considered to be the best deli in town.

When he was less than a block away from the deli, Joshua spied Hannah. She was walking with an older woman, whom he assumed must be her mother. It was hard not to raise his arm and attract her attention the way he had at their previous meeting. But since she was advancing toward him, there didn't seem to be much point.

Joshua frowned when he noticed Hannah wasn't wearing the gloves he'd had delivered. Then he noticed her eyes. How easy she was to read. Whatever she was doing didn't please her. Even from this distance he felt her resistance.

Just then she looked up, and he caught her gaze. Briefly her eyes widened with alarm and she gnawed on her lower lip as though she weren't sure what to do.

Without her saying a word, Joshua received her message. She didn't want him to greet her. Silently she pleaded with him to walk on past. It offended him, but he didn't question her request.

Without a word they strolled past each other like total strangers. Three steps on the other side of Hannah, Joshua turned, hoping for some telltale sign that would clue him to what was wrong.

She glanced over her shoulder, and in that briefest of seconds, Joshua read her eyes. She was grateful. Later, when she could, she promised silently, she would explain everything.

It probably had something to do with what she'd told him the day of the parade. Her parents had been involved in a frivolous lawsuit. The fact that her family didn't take kindly to attorneys wouldn't dissuade him. He was very much interested in knowing Hannah better. Once her family had an opportunity to know him, they'd be willing to overlook the fact that he was an attorney. Joshua smiled to himself.

He would be patient, because Hannah Morganstern was well worth the effort. After all, he'd been looking for her most of his adult life.

"This must be old home week," Michelle said as she walked into the apartment and tossed the mail on the kitchen table. "There's another letter with a postmark from Custer, Montana."

"There is?" Dressed in her slip and standing in front of the ironing board, Jenny set aside the iron and walked over to the table. She reached for the envelope and read the return address. "It's from my mother."

"At least you hear from your mother," Michelle complained as she shucked off her coat and scarf. "It's been three months since my mother last wrote me."

"But she calls once a week."

"True."

But Jenny understood what her friend was saying. It was a relief to get something in the mail other than bills.

She opened the envelope and withdrew the letter. It was exactly what she expected. Her mother had broken her silence and joined Trey to ask her to come home for the holidays.

It hurt more than words could voice, having to explain that she couldn't leave New York. Jenny had long since run out of money, out of excuses, and, worse yet, out of ideas.

"What'd she say?" Michelle asked. Her roommate stood in front of the open refrigerator and stared at its meager contents. Rather than explain, Jenny handed the single sheet of stationery to her friend. Michelle scanned the page, then raised her eyes to Jenny.

"Your mother wants you to come home for Christmas."

Jenny sank onto the sofa and tucked her feet beneath her. "Christmas has always been so special with our family. I don't think I've met anyone who could put on a spread the way Mom does. She makes this incredible sage dressing for the turkey, and the scent of it fills the house." She closed her eyes, and the memory was so powerful, she could almost smell the pungent herbs right then.

"Maybe there's a way you could manage to make it home," Michelle said sympathetically.

"There isn't," Jenny said, unwilling even to listen to suggestions. No one needed to tell her that she'd done this to herself.

Christmas with her mom and dad and little brother. A lump formed in her throat.

Christmas on the range. Snow glistening in the moonlight, sleigh rides every December. Decorating the tree together had long been a family tradition. Her father would set a pot of wassail to warm over the fireplace, and they'd sing carols while they strung the lights and added the tinsel. The ranch hands and neighbors would stop over for a cup of her father's special brew. Trey came every year.

"Jenny?"

Her eyes popped open. "Sorry. I guess I got carried away there for a moment."

"Why hasn't your family come to see you?"

"Mom and Dad?" Jenny supposed she should have considered that a long time ago, but try as she might she couldn't picture her parents in New York. To the best of her knowledge they'd never been more than three hundred miles away from the ranch. Their lives revolved around the care and feeding of a thousand head of cattle. It would be unheard-of for her father to leave the ranch unattended.

There'd been a time when Jenny hated the mere mention of the word beef. How eager she'd been to escape to the big city and find her way in the world. How eager she'd been to disassociate herself from the Flying L Ranch.

"Did you hear anything from Peterman?" she asked Michelle, needing to change the subject before she became downright maudlin.

"Not a word. Rumor has it he's looking for a particular kind of girl."

"Oh?" Jenny feigned interest. It went without saying that whatever character type the famous director sought wasn't likely to be Jenny. She had lost count of the number of times she'd auditioned for John Peterman. He hadn't chosen her yet, and she doubted he would this time.

She didn't know when she'd started all this stinking thinking. About the time she'd told the first lie to her parents. Negative thoughts had crowded her mind ever since.

"I can't shake the feeling you're going to be offered one of the major roles," Michelle said. "Mark my words, Jenny Lancaster. We're both headed for Broadway."

"This is the saddest thing I've ever seen," Mercy told her two friends. "Jenny wants nothing more than to go home for the holidays, and can't."

"Surely there's a way we can help her."

"I'm convinced there is." Goodness spoke with utter confidence. "All we may need to do is pull a few strings. That shouldn't be so difficult."

Mercy smiled. "We've been doing that for years, haven't we?"

"Maybe we should make it impossible for Jenny to refuse her mother."

Mercy looked to the former guardian angel. "What do you mean?"

Shirley pointed to the Thanksgiving card tucked in Jenny's bedroom mirror. "Perhaps all we really need to do is give her a good enough excuse to head home."

Six

Jenny didn't want to do it. Her heart ached every time she thought about refusing her mother's plea. The list of fabricated excuses was as long as her arm.

She waited until she had the apartment to herself and then sat down at the table. She bolstered herself with a cup of hot chocolate and a plate of butter cookies. With pen in hand, she wrote.

Dearest Mom and Dad,

You don't know how it pains me to tell you I won't make it home for the holidays. I love you both more than words can say. I think of you every day. Know that my heart will be with you, but this is the price of success......

Jenny wadded up the letter and unceremoniously tossed it into the garbage. She tried again, and after six or seven lines the second sheet followed the path of the first.

A half hour later, the table was nearly obliterated with discarded attempts. It hadn't been this difficult to answer Trey's card. Her brief note to her former neighbor had been cheerful and witty when she'd sent along her regrets.

Anyone who knew her well might have been able to read between the lines of her lighthearted message. But not Trey, she decided. Her witty note would amuse him.

In the end, Jenny penned three short lines to her parents and left it at that. She couldn't come. She was sorry, and she'd miss them terribly.

Not once did she mention the Off Broadway production she'd told them she was in. Jenny refused to perpetrate the lie any further than she had already.

By the time Michelle returned from her errands, Jenny was in a real funk. Depressed and miserable, she battled off a case of the blues, determined not to get caught in the trap of feeling sorry for herself.

"You know what we need?" her friend said.

"What?"

"A little fun. It's the season of joy, and yet here we are, moping around waiting for the phone to ring." Their agent hadn't called, and Jenny didn't care what people said. No news was not good news. No news was no news. And this time the waiting had never seemed more interminable.

"What if we had a party?" Michelle asked.

"A Christmas party," Jenny added, warming to the idea. "That's perfect." Then reality set in. "But how would we possibly feed all our friends?" It was difficult enough to scrounge up meals for the two of them.

"We'll make it a potluck," Michelle suggested. "All we need supply are the drinks, plus plates and silverware. Between us we could manage that, couldn't we?"

"Sure we could." Jenny's nod was eager. Her spirits lifted just thinking about the celebration. She needed this, needed something to take her mind off how much she would miss Montana. "We can make the invitations ourselves."

"Let's hand them out. That way we could save on postage," Michelle said, offering another money-saving idea.

"Who should we invite?"

"Bill and Susan," Michelle suggested.

The couple had met in drama school and had married that summer. Jenny and Michelle had been bridesmaids. Jenny had joked about how the two of them always seemed to end up as bridesmaids.

"What about Cliff?" Jenny asked.

"Abby, too."

The list continued until they were afraid they'd forget, so they decided to write them all down.

Michelle sat at the table and reached for a pen. "Good grief, what happened here? It looks like a paper massacre."

The tightness gripped Jenny's throat. "I finally wrote my parents and told them I wouldn't be home." Just saying the words aloud increased the ache.

"Next year you'll be with your family," Michelle said with confidence.

"You're right," Jenny said, forcing herself to think positive thoughts. Surely living in the same city in which Norman Vincent Peale had preached his philosophy of positive thinking should teach her something. Yet here she was doing it again: stinking thinking.

"Bill and Susan," Michelle mumbled as she repeated the names of their mutual friends. "Abby. Cliff. John."

The phone pealed and they froze.

Michelle looked to Jenny.

Jenny to Michelle.

"You answer it," her roommate instructed.

"You," Jenny insisted, shaking her head. It had been like this all week. The instant the phone jingled they hoped, prayed, it was Irene, their agent. If it wasn't Irene, then perhaps it was the casting director and maybe even the great and mighty John Peterman himself. It wasn't likely, but they could dream.

"It's probably some schmuck wanting to sell us aluminum siding," Michelle joked.

"Or someone doing a survey on cat food."

But Jenny noticed that neither one of them took their eyes away from the kitchen telephone.

Michelle edged herself from the chair on the third ring and reached the phone. "Hello, this is Jenny and Michelle's place," she said cheerfully in a perfect rendition of the efficient secretary.

Jenny studied her friend. Afraid to hope. Afraid to care.

"It's for you," Michelle stated, and handed her the receiver. Then she mouthed, "It's a man."

Jenny pointed her finger at her heart, wondering if she'd misunderstood. "For me?"

Michelle nodded.

She took the phone and said in a friendly but professional-sounding voice, "This is Jenny Lancaster."

"Hello, Jenny."

Trey.

Jenny couldn't have been more shocked if it'd been Andrew Lloyd Webber himself, wanting her to star in his next musical.

"Trey!" she said, barely managing to hide her shock.

"I got your note," he announced.

"It was a surprise to get your Thanksgiving card," she said, holding the receiver with both hands. She felt lightheaded and wasn't sure if it was the shock of Trey's call or the fact that she hadn't eaten all day.

"You aren't coming home for the holidays."

Trey, her family. Everyone seemed to be pressuring her. It felt as if the walls were closing in around her. "I can't come," she told him, unable to disguise her own bitter disappointment. "I want to be there. More than anything, but I can't."

"That's what your note said. So the bright lights of the city have blinded you?"

"No." She longed to tell him how she hungered for the peace and solitude of Montana. New York City held its own excitement, its own energy. So often she'd walked down the crowded avenues and felt a rhythm, a cadence, that all but sang up from the asphalt. For three years she'd marched to that beat and hummed its special brand of music.

Yet the lone cry in the barren hills of home played longingly to her soul, its melody haunting her.

"Your family misses you," Trey said, tightening the screws of her regrets.

Jenny bit into her lower lip.

"I miss you," Trey added.

Jenny's eyes flew open. Trey, the man who'd invaded her dreams for weeks, admitted to missing her. He'd as much as said he wanted her home.

Regrets clamored against her chest, their fists sharp and pain-filled. "I can't come," she whispered miserably.

Her words were met with silence.

"Can't or won't?" he asked starkly.

Brynn Cassidy crossed the street in front of Manhattan High and St. Philip's Cathedral. She found Father Grady, the gray-haired priest who'd become her friend, in the vestibule.

"Hello, Father," she said.

"Brynn, it's good to see you, my girl." His green Irish eyes lit up with warm delight.

"I got your message. You wanted to see me?"

"Yes. Come over to the rectory and I'll have Mrs. Houghton brew us a pot of tea."

Brynn glanced at her watch. She enjoyed visiting with Father Grady, but the older priest liked to talk and she didn't have time that afternoon.

Father Grady's eyes followed hers. "Do you have an appointment?"

"I have to stop off at Roberto Alcantara's this afternoon and pick up my car."

"I know Roberto well," Father Grady said, and motioned for her to precede him out of the church. "He's a fine young man." He paused to glance her way, and it seemed to Brynn that the priest was looking for her to elaborate. She didn't.

"Emilio's in my class."

"Ah, yes, Emilio. Roberto's done his best to keep his brother out of trouble. There haven't been problems with Emilio, have there?"

"No, no," Brynn was quick to tell him.

Father Grady's face relaxed.

Brynn lowered her gaze. It wasn't Emilio she'd clashed with, but Roberto. "I'm afraid Roberto doesn't think much of me."

Father Grady opened the door to the rectory. "I'm sure you're mistaken."

Brynn followed him inside. She preferred not to tell him about their brief confrontation. It rankled still. Roberto Alcantara had been both rude and unreasonable. But more than that, he'd been wrong.

"I'm not sure I have time for tea," she reiterated when she realized that Father Grady fully intended for her to stay and chat anyway.

"Nonsense." He escorted Brynn into the parlor and left her while he went in search of Mrs. Houghton, the elderly housekeeper who cared for Father Grady and the bishop when he was in residence.

Father Grady returned shortly with a tray and two cups. "I was hoping you'd be able to stop over this afternoon," he said as he set the tray on the coffee table. He handed Brynn a delicate china cup and took one himself before sitting across from her on the velvet settee. "The church is sponsoring a dance this Friday evening for the youth group."

Brynn had seen the posters. "I've heard several of the kids mention it."

"We generally have a good turnout."

Brynn was sure that was true.

"I was wondering," Father Grady said, studying her above the china cup, "if you'd agree to be one of the chaperones."

The request took Brynn by surprise, although in retrospect she supposed it shouldn't.

"The children are quite fond of you," he added as if he felt flattering her would be necessary. "Modesto Diaz mentioned your name the other day. He said ..." Father Grady paused, and his eyes sparkled with humor.

"Yes?" Brynn prodded.

"Well, Modesto did say you were a little weird, but that he liked you anyway."

Brynn was sure her students didn't quite know what to make of her teaching methods.

"I realize it's an imposition asking you at this late date," Father Grady continued. "I'd consider it a personal favor if you could come."

"I'll be happy to chaperone the dance," Brynn murmured.

"Now," Father Grady said, and set down his teacup. "Tell me what happened between you and Roberto Alcantara."

"It's nothing," she said, preferring to make light of their differences. "Actually Roberto's been most helpful. My car broke down and he's fixing it for me."

Father Grady said nothing.

"I was on my way to pick it up now."

"Roberto's been through some difficult times," the priest told her. "I'm not at liberty to tell you all the circumstances, but ..."

"Oh, please, no. I wouldn't want you to break a confidence. It's nothing, really."

"If Roberto offended you ..."

"He didn't. We had a difference of opinion."

Father Grady seemed relieved. "I'm glad to hear that. If you do find him disagreeable, all I ask is that you give him a bit of slack. He's a good man. I'd vouch for him any day."

"I'm sure what you say is true." Brynn stood and set the teacup back on the tray. "Now I really must be going."

Father Grady escorted her to the front door. "I'll see you Friday evening, then, around seven?"

Brynn nodded. "I'll be here."

The priest's eyes brightened with a smile. "Thank you, Brynn, I promise you won't regret this."

Brynn briskly walked the few blocks to Roberto Alcantara's garage. Earlier that afternoon, Emilio had personally delivered the message that her car was ready for her. The youth made sure the entire class heard him, as though the two of them had a personal business arrangement. Brynn had been forced to conceal her irritation.

As the afternoon progressed, she discovered she wasn't looking forward to another encounter with Emilio's older brother. The man was way off base. It was impossible to reason with anyone who regarded education as a waste of time. The fact that he'd actually urged his younger brother to drop out of school was nothing short of criminal.

"Yo, Miss Cassidy." Emilio, Modesto, and a few more of the boys from her class drove past her slowly and waved.

Brynn returned the gesture automatically. It wasn't until they'd turned the corner that she realized the boys were joyriding in her car.

Brynn bristled and hurried the last block to Roberto's. When she reached the garage, she stormed in the door. "Emilio's driving around in my car."

Roberto, who was working on another car, straightened. "Yes, I know."

She blinked. "You know."

"Yes, I gave him the keys myself."

The man had a way of flustering her unlike anyone she'd ever encountered. "Well, I want it back."

"You'll get it." He returned to the truck he was working on, disappearing behind the hood.

"Do you generally allow Emilio to ride around in your customers' cars?"

"No." His answer was clipped and didn't invite further inquiries.

His attitude-in fact, everything about Roberto-irritated Brynn. "I want my car returned," she insisted, her voice raised and tight. No matter what Father Grady claimed, it was plain to her that this man didn't have one shred of responsibility.

"And you'll have it."

Brynn crossed her arms and started to pace. Twice she made a show of looking at her watch.

"Emilio will be back any moment," Roberto said, continuing to work on another vehicle.

Bent over the engine as he was, Brynn couldn't see his face, but she had the distinct impression the mechanic was smiling. Her irritation amused him. That infuriated Brynn all the more.

"I want you to know that I don't appreciate being kept waiting."

Roberto straightened and reached for an oil rag; his dark, intense eyes meshed with hers. "I'm not one of your students, Miss Cassidy, so there's no need to yell."

"I was not yelling." She realized she was and lowered her voice immediately.

Roberto grinned broadly. "I suppose you'd like to send me to the principal."

"Aha!" Her arm flew out and she pointed at him with her index finger, wagging it while she gathered her thoughts. "I thought as much. You blame me because your brother was suspended."

"On the contrary. Emilio knows not to fight on school grounds. What is it the law enforcement people are so fond of quoting? Do the crime, pay the time. My brother deserved what he got."

"But you blame me?"

"No, I just wish you'd quit filling my brother's head with garbage."

Brynn clenched her jaw in an effort not to argue. This was the same mine-riddled ground they'd covered earlier. Brynn had no desire to do battle with Roberto a second time.

From the corner of her eye, she saw her car pull into an empty parking slot in front of the garage.

"Yo, Miss Cassidy," Emilio called out. "Your car's running like a dream."

Despite her misgivings, Brynn managed a smile. "If I could please have my bill," she said with stiff politeness.

Roberto gestured toward his brother. "Emilio will take care of that."

Brynn hesitated before leaving the garage for the small outer office where Emilio stood. Although Roberto had been deliberately rude, she felt obligated to him. "I want you to know I appreciate your help."

Involved once again with another vehicle, Roberto didn't bother to answer. It was almost as if he were ignoring her. His lack of a response to her peace offering offended her pride. Swallowing the small hurt, Brynn brushed the hair from her face.

"Your car runs like new," Emilio told her as he stepped behind the cash register. "Roberto asked me to test-drive it around the block. I hope you don't mind that I let a couple of my posse join me."

"Four is more than a couple," she informed him primly.

"I know," the youth said with a flash of pearly white teeth. "But it isn't every day that we can say we rode in a teacher's car."

Brynn decided it was best to not comment.

Emilio located the work order for her vehicle and scanned its contents. Brynn had been waiting for this moment, praying that the expense wouldn't wipe out the meager remainder of her budget for the month. The Escort had well over two hundred thousand miles on it and thus far had been relatively problem free. With the dread building up inside her, she opened her purse and took out her checkbook.

Something didn't appear to be right, because Emilio looked up from the bill. "I need to ask Roberto something," he said, and walked around from behind the counter. In the other room, the two brothers talked in hushed tones.

Emilio returned, wearing a wide grin. "It's on the house," he announced.

Brynn wasn't sure she understood. "What do you mean?"

Pride gleamed in the youth's dark eyes. "You don't owe us anything."

"But I can't let you do that......"

"Roberto insists."

Still Brynn argued. "That wouldn't be right."

"It's a gift, Miss Cassidy," Emilio said with a deep sigh of frustration. "Didn't you ever learn you're not supposed to question someone when they give you a gift? Some lady with manners wrote it up in a book. You read all the time ... you must have read that."

Brynn was uncertain. "Let me at least pay for any parts."

"No way." The teenager held up both hands as though she were holding him up.

"But carburetors can be expensive." She didn't want Roberto absorbing the cost of this.

"Roberto says he found another carburetor at the junkyard and got it for next to nothing. Besides, he let me do most of the work myself." His dark eyes pleaded with her to accept this small gift.

"Emilio, I don't know how to thank you."

His face erupted in a wide smile. "I'll think of something."

Roberto shouted from the other room, and Emilio's smart smile disappeared. "Think nothing of it, Miss Cassidy."

"Thank you both again." Brynn felt like a fool for having made such an issue of Emilio driving her vehicle. She glanced toward the garage, but Roberto was bent over the side of the truck, busy at work. "Tell your brother that I'm grateful."

"I will." Emilio followed her outside and held open her car door for her.

When she couldn't find her car keys, she eyed the youth. A desperate look came over him, and he slapped his hands over his shirt and pants pockets, then laughed and withdrew them from his hip pocket. "I had you worried there, didn't I?"

Brynn rolled her eyes, then started the engine. As Emilio had said earlier, it purred like new. Her car sounded better than it had in years. She backed out of the driveway. It was as she started down the street that she noticed Roberto Alcantara watching her from inside the building.

* * *

He owed her an apology, Roberto reasoned. He'd been angry and frustrated the day they'd met, and he'd taken his irritation out on her. True, he believed the things he'd said, but generally he kept his opinions to himself. It had helped relieve his irritation to sound off at Emilio's teacher; but it hadn't been fair.

An hour before he'd met Brynn, Roberto had learned his offer to lease a building in another neighborhood had been rejected. It hadn't been the first time a landlord had refused to rent to him. Naturally he'd been given some flimsy excuse, but Roberto had learned long ago the real reason. No one wanted a Hispanic taking up residence nearby.

Brynn Cassidy was everything Emilio had said. Bright. Intelligent. Pretty. Roberto feared his younger brother was half in love with her himself. But this spunky teacher was off-limits to the both of them, and Roberto knew it. It would be best if he never saw her again.

Funny how a woman could be so dangerous; but Roberto had recognized it from the first moment they'd met. Brynn Cassidy just might teach him to dream, too.

Friday evening Brynn arrived at the gymnasium behind St. Philip's. She walked into the gaily decorated room and stopped to admire the decorations. Red and green streamers were looped across the ceiling from one end of the room to the other. A refreshment table was set up alongside the folded bleachers.

"Hello, Miss Cassidy." The first one to greet her was Suzie Chang, who looked exceptionally pretty in a dark blue silk pants suit.

"Oh, Suzie, you look so nice."

The Chinese girl lowered her head and blushed. "So do you."

Brynn hadn't been exactly sure what to wear and had opted for a blouse and skirt and patent-leather flats. Although she'd attended a number of school dances at St. Mary's, she'd never actually served as a chaperone. Generally the girls' school relied on parents and members of the PTA.

"Miss Cassidy," Emilio called. He helped himself to a handful of cookies. "What are you doing here?"

"I'm a chaperone."

"Hey, that's cool. So's my brother."

Brynn hadn't recognized Roberto without his coveralls. She hadn't given Roberto much notice before, but now ... caught by his piercing dark eyes, Brynn found it difficult to look away.

"Hello, Roberto."

"Miss Cassidy." He nodded politely in her direction.

The music started. It came from a sound system with large speakers that blared from the front of the stage. No one seemed to want to be the first one on the dance floor.

"Hey, you two," Emilio said. "Shouldn't you start the dancing or something?"

Hannah needed to talk to Joshua. It was important that she return the gloves as soon as possible. It was wrong of her to have kept them this long. Then to walk past him on the street and pretend that she didn't know him was a terrible insult. She'd witnessed for herself the surprise and confusion in his gaze. Yet she was forever grateful that he'd read her silent message and hadn't greeted her. Hannah didn't know how she would explain knowing him to her mother.

For herself, Hannah was both bewildered and guilty, and she felt like a coward. It was unfair to Joshua to lead him to believe that she was free to care for him. Unfair to Carl, who'd courted her faithfully these many months. She'd juggled with her conscience until she couldn't think straight any longer.

"I do wish we weren't doing this," Hannah said to her mother.

"Doing what?" Ruth questioned. "Buying my daughter a trousseau? Don't be ridiculous."

"We haven't set the wedding date yet."

"You will soon enough." In the eyes of her parents she was all but married to Carl Rabinsky.

"Your father and I have patiently waited all these years for a man who was worthy of you."

A lifetime of accepting what her parents felt was right was what helped Hannah hold her tongue.

"Such a wedding you'll have," Ruth promised, her eyes alight with excitement.

Hannah found she couldn't look at her mother.

"Your father's already talking about the food for the reception. I promise you it will be one that people will talk about for years to come. You are our only child. God's gift to us. Our joy."

"Mama, what if I don't love Carl?"

Her mother hesitated, but for only a moment. "Nonsense. I know you, Hannah, you wouldn't have agreed to be his wife if you didn't love him. Carl will make you a good husband. Every girl has doubts when it comes time to pledge her heart to one man."

"What if I'd met another man?"

"Who?" her mother demanded as if this were impossible.

"Someone I liked very much and would like to know better."

Her mother frowned and shook her head. "You won't. But if you do, then talk to Carl. Tell him your thoughts."

"I will," Hannah promised, but she had the feeling that it would be even more difficult to discuss this matter with Carl than with her mother.

"Now come along, we have lots to buy."

Hannah shuffled along beside her mother. Never had she dreamed that she would dread a shopping expedition the way she did this one.

It was in Saks Fifth Avenue that her mother stopped. "Shall we look at wedding dresses?" Ruth asked, her eyes warm and gentle.

"Don't you think that would be premature?" Already Hannah's arms were burdened with packages. "I'm tired, Mama, can we go home?"

Ruth released a low sigh. "Yes, perhaps that would be for the best."

Outside once more, Hannah felt invigorated as the cold hit against her cheeks. She matched her steps with those of her mother, who walked along, humming softly to herself. It took Hannah a moment to realize where the melody was coming from.

"You're singing," Hannah commented.

Ruth laughed and nodded. "So I am. I do when I'm especially happy." As they stopped for traffic, Ruth placed her hands against Hannah's pink cheeks. "You're going to be the most beautiful bride in all of New York. Mark my words, Hannah Morganstern. I get excited every time I think about planning your wedding."

Once they were back at the deli, Hannah escaped to her room. As soon as she could, she made an excuse to go out. Almost always she told her parents where she was going, but not this time.

When she arrived at Joshua's office the receptionist recognized her.

"Is Mr. Shadduck available?" she asked.

The woman looked down at the schedule. "He left no more than a minute ago."

"Oh." She wasn't able to hide her frustration.

"You might be able to catch him."

"Thank you." Hannah rushed out of the office and hurried into the first available elevator. Her heart felt as though it would explode as she made her way to the front of the office building. On the sidewalk, she looked both ways and sighed with relief when she spied Joshua walking away from her, carrying a briefcase.

"Joshua," she called.

He turned at the sound of her voice, and his face lit up with pleasure. "Hannah." He started toward her.

"I'm so sorry," she said in a breathless rush. She planted her hand over her heart in an effort to regain her breath.

Joshua wrapped his arm around her shoulders and steered her out of the heavy foot traffic. "Don't worry about it," he said gently.

"But ..." She'd been unforgivably rude.

"Let's sit down a minute and talk this out," he suggested.

Hannah knew his idea was much better than her handing him back his gift in the middle of a New York sidewalk. At the same time, she feared that spending time with Joshua, even a short amount, would make it all the more difficult to do what she knew she must.

They strolled until Joshua pointed across the street to a five-star hotel famous for its afternoon teas.

Hannah wanted to protest that a cafe would serve just as well, but she wasn't given the opportunity. Before she could suggest some place else, Joshua had taken her by the arm. Together they raced across the street.

The hotel lobby was filled with polished crystal. Enormous chandeliers gleamed from above, their glittering lights transforming the entire area.

Huge floral wreaths decorated in gold lame bows hung from marble columns. The registration desk was checkered with poinsettias. Light music swirled about them like a cool autumn mist. Before Hannah had a chance to comment, she was led into a private dining room.

Before Joshua could give the man instructions, the waiter handed them a gold-tasseled menu. Joshua ordered the tea, and the other man quietly slipped away.

Joshua smiled at her. "You said there was something you wanted to tell me?"

Seven

This meeting with Joshua was so much more difficult than Hannah thought it would be. But there was no help for it. She had to tell him she was engaged to Carl. To delay any longer would be a grave disservice to them both. As they sat in the elegant hotel restaurant waiting for the tea to be served, Hannah struggled to find the words.

"Joshua," she said, dragging a deep breath through her lungs, her heart heavy.

"You received the gloves?"

"Yes, thank you, but I can't accept-"

"Joshua Shadduck?"

Hannah was cut off midsentence by a well-dressed middle-aged woman who stopped at their table. Her gaze drifted from Joshua to Hannah, and her eyes were marked with warm approval.

"Gloria." Joshua stood and enthusiastically hugged the white-haired woman. He turned to Hannah. "Hannah Morganstern, meet Judge Fowler."

Impressed to meet a judge, Hannah smiled and said, "I'm honored."

"I've been meaning to get in touch with you all week," Gloria said. Her gaze connected briefly with Hannah's once again. "But I can see that now isn't a good time. I promise I'll call you soon."

"I'll look forward to hearing from you," Joshua returned. Before he could reseat himself, the judge whispered something in his ear, then turned away.

Joshua grinned broadly, then explained to Hannah. "She approves."

"Approves?"

"Of you. She told me it was high time I ... well, never mind."

"Joshua." A stout figure of a man approached their table next. "By George, it's good to see you," he said, sounding genuinely pleased.

"Hello, Tom." Although Hannah didn't know Joshua well, she could hear the frustration in his voice.

The other man studied Hannah with barely disguised admiration. His blue eyes twinkled. Before Joshua could introduce him properly, he stretched his hand across the table. "Tom Colfax," he said.

"Hannah Morganstern," she replied, and they exchanged brief handshakes.

Tom's admiration was straightforward. "I know this sounds like a worn-out line, but have we met?"

"I don't think so," Hannah replied.

Tom rubbed the side of his jaw, then shook his head as if to say he was certain he'd seen her someplace before.

The two men exchanged information, then Tom drifted away. He continued to wear a puzzled look and glanced over his shoulder once.

Joshua exhaled sharply. "This isn't going to work," he muttered.

That was what Hannah had been struggling to tell him since they'd met, but she hadn't been able to put it into words.

Joshua set the linen napkin on the table. "Come on, let's get out of here."

Hannah's first instinct was to argue, but she wasn't given the chance as she followed Joshua through the elegantly decorated lobby to the street outside. "Where are we going?" she asked, a little breathless.

He turned as though he hadn't given the matter a second thought. "I don't know. My apartment is a short walk from here."

"I can't," she said, her heart in her throat. "I have to be back shortly."

Joshua's gaze narrowed as if to suggest he didn't believe her. "Already?"

"Yes." She should have told him earlier and been done with it, but each time she shared his company it became more difficult. Now she found herself frantic to say what she must.

"Joshua, please listen to me." She hardly sounded like herself. Her voice was tight with emotion as she brushed the hair from her cheek. She opened her purse and handed him the soft deerskin gloves. "I can't keep these. They're a lovely, thoughtful gift, but I can't accept them."

He took the gloves, but his eyes revealed his disappointment. "Why not?"

People wove their way around them, and her throat tightened with regret. "I'm so sorry, Joshua, so very sorry, but I'm ... There's someone else." That sounded much better than announcing she was engaged.

Joshua's face revealed nothing. "The man you were with at the parade?"

"Yes."

"The one who abandoned you?" His feelings for Carl were more than clear.

"Carl didn't abandon me, we simply lost each other." Carl hadn't deserted her, not on purpose, and she found it important that Joshua know that. Carl might have his faults, but nearly everyone was flawed in one way or another. He'd gotten separated from her on Thanksgiving Day, and with so many people crowding the sidewalks, watching the parade, it had been impossible for him to find her again.

For a long time Joshua said nothing. Then, "Are you going to marry him?"

A definitive answer was her only recourse. Joshua deserved the truth. To hedge now might give him reason to believe there was a chance for them.

"We're engaged."

"That wasn't my question. I asked if you were going to marry him."

"Yes ... of course." But she sounded unsure even to her own ears.

He hesitated, but only for a moment. "I see."

Now was the time to turn away. To end any kind of relationship before it began. One thing was certain: she shouldn't have paused. But she did. "I like you, Joshua." More than she should. More than she wanted to. "I misled you, and I regret that."

"Carl isn't right for you." His words were stark and cool, his gaze intense.

"You don't know that," she argued. "You've never even met Carl."

"I know you."

She lowered her eyes because meeting his gaze had become impossible. Her throat felt as if it were about to close up on her. "I have to go."

"Not yet," he said, stopping her. He backed her into the shadows until her shoulders butted against the side of the brick structure. Instinctively she clenched the lapels of his overcoat. Even when she realized he intended to kiss her, she couldn't find the words to object. Being inherently honest, Hannah realized this was exactly what she'd wanted for a long time.

Slowly, as though he expected her to protest, Joshua lowered his mouth to hers. She assumed his kiss would be hard and demanding, a penance required for having misled him. A penalty to be paid.

But she was wrong.

He pressed his lips gently over hers in the lightest, the tenderest, of contacts. So sweet. So smooth. The pressure increased, so gradual at first that she didn't notice. His lips worked over hers, sliding, then deepening, encouraging her to open to him.

With him as her tutor, Hannah eased open her mouth and moaned. This was nothing like the quick pecks and almost apologetic exchanges she'd experienced with Carl. Nothing like anything she'd experienced with anyone. Her nails dug into his coat, and she responded with a lifetime of pent-up longings.

It seemed to require a great deal of effort for Joshua to break off the kiss. Even then he seemed to ease himself away from her with a series of short but equally potent kisses.

He held her against him, and she stayed, the ragged edge of his breathing echoing in her ear. Her own breathing was just as unstable. Wrapped in the warm cocoon of his arms, Hannah never wanted to leave.

"Please ... my family is waiting. They don't know where I am." It was pointless to continue. Pointless to torture themselves.

His arms tightened before he released her. "Meet me," he whispered against her cheek. "Monday evening at eight at the skating rink at Rockefeller Center."

"I can't. You know I can't."

"Be there, Hannah," he pleaded. "I need time to think. We both do. You don't love Carl."

"Joshua ..."

"You don't love him," he returned with conviction, "otherwise you'd never have allowed me to kiss you like that." With that he turned away.

Hannah wanted to run after him and explain that she wouldn't show. She had no intention of continuing this charade. That was why she'd told him about Carl. It was too late for them. Much too late.

"Joshua," she called.

He ignored her, and because she was forced into it, she raced after him. She was out of breath by the time she reached him.

"I won't be there," she cried. "I won't."

He turned, and for the first time since she'd told him about her commitment to Carl, he smiled, saying without words that he believed otherwise.

"You'll be wasting your time," she argued heatedly.

Joshua said nothing, then wrapped his arm around her waist and dragged her to him. His kiss was short but thorough. When he finished, he exhaled slowly. "You'll be there," he said with supreme confidence. "You won't be able to stay away."

"Will Hannah meet Joshua?" Shirley asked Goodness. The two had parked themselves atop a light fixture in the Morgansterns' deli. Hannah's father was locking the doors while her mother was upstairs preparing the evening meal.

"What do you think?" Goodness was downright gleeful.

"What do I think?" Shirley repeated. "I think you're headed for serious trouble with Gabriel, that's what I think."

Goodness couldn't have disagreed more. "Gabriel knew exactly what was going to happen," she insisted. "He might think Carl Rabinsky is the cat's meow, but you and I both know he isn't the right man for Hannah."

Shirley's look was skeptical. "Why isn't he?"

"It's clear to me that Carl's as confused about all this as Hannah. The poor boy's parents had more to do with the engagement than he did. They pushed him into it."

"How do you know that?"

"I don't," Goodness confessed reluctantly, "but I'd wager a good deal that was the case."

"What you're wagering," Shirley seemed to feel obliged to tell her, "is our futures. You've done this before, you know. My heaven," she continued, wringing her hands. "I can't get involved in your prayer request, not when I've got troubles of my own."

"Oh?"

"It's Brynn and Roberto. This is simply not the time for her to walk around with her head in the clouds. She needs her wits about her. I'm afraid something serious is about to happen, and I can't be constantly fretting about what you're getting into."

"Me?" If she didn't know better, Goodness would be insulted.

"Yes, you. I beg of you, Goodness, kindly leave matters be with Carl and Hannah."

Goodness considered it seriously, but not for long. She didn't mean to be a rabble-rouser, but there were some matters that one couldn't ignore. Unfortunately this was one of those times.

"I can't."

Shirley groaned, and her head slumped forward. "Why did I know you were going to say that?"

"I'm sorry, really I am. But I asked myself exactly why Gabriel would assign this particular prayer request to me."

"What do you mean?"

"Think about it," Goodness said, crossing her arms. "Ruth Morganstern prayed that Hannah would make a good marriage."

"Yes," Shirley agreed impatiently.

"It was as clear as the feathers in our wings that Carl was about to ask for Hannah's hand in marriage. Both Hannah's parents are nuts about Carl, and his family about her."

"So?"

Goodness had a hard time believing that her fellow prayer ambassador could be so thickheaded. "Don't you see?"

"Obviously not."

"Well," Goodness said with a sorry lack of patience, "Gabriel assumed the assignment would be a snap. An engagement to Carl was in the cards already. Really all that was required was for me to stand back and let it happen. Once Hannah was formally engaged to Carl I was supposed to pretend it was all my doing and promptly return to heaven, the assignment complete."

"Hannah is formally engaged to Carl," Shirley reminded her.

Shirley was missing her point entirely. "That's true, but Gabriel doesn't know that."

"In other words," Shirley said, walking circles around Goodness as she mulled over the situation, "you think this job is another one of Gabriel's little token assignments."

Goodness folded her arms and nodded with a good deal of ceremony. "I do indeed, and frankly I'm insulted."

"You mean like the chess set for Craig?"

Goodness nodded. "Exactly."

This information seemed to fluster her friend. "My oh my, I don't know what to think."

"Well, I do," Goodness returned with a hint of self-righteousness. "It was clear to me from the first that Carl Rabinsky isn't the right husband for Hannah. In good conscience I can't idly stand by and let her marry the wrong man."

"What are you going to do?" Shirley asked, and then crunched up her face as if she were afraid of the answer.

Goodness relaxed and smiled. "I'm not sure yet, but I do know one thing."

"What's that?"

"She's not going to marry Carl."

Sunday morning Brynn quietly slipped inside the pew at St. Philip's, crossed herself, and knelt on the padded kneeler. She closed her eyes and bowed her head, fully intending to pray. But it wasn't thoughts of God that filled her mind. Instead she found herself mulling over the night before with the church youth group and Roberto Alcantara.

Every time Brynn remembered the dance in which they'd shared the duty as chaperones, a warm, expectant feeling stole over her. It had all started innocently enough when they'd first danced together. No one seemed to want to be the first couple on the floor, so Roberto, stiffly, had asked her. She knew from the way his lips tightened that he wasn't keen on being her partner. Taking it personally, she'd glared back at him, letting it be known that she didn't relish his company, either.

Yet from that shaky beginning, something fragile and exciting had blossomed. As the music started, Roberto had held her awkwardly in his arms, his body rigid, as if to avoid touching her.

Then gradually, as they'd warmed to the rhythm of the music, he'd relaxed. Because he had, she had too. Slowly, almost without being aware of what was happening, she'd found herself tucked securely in Roberto's arms. It amazed her how well they performed together, how easy his steps were to follow. Anyone looking at them would have assumed they were longtime partners. Halfway through the dance Roberto had smiled, and she'd shyly returned the gesture. Then he'd tucked his head close to hers, and they'd continued to sway gracefully across the polished gym floor.

From that point forward in the evening, Brynn had looked for an excuse to dance with Roberto a second time. Unfortunately their duties had prevented them from spending any more time together. The teenage dance had gone on until almost midnight, and the high schoolers couldn't have kept them apart more had they plotted to do so.

From the silent messages Roberto had sent her way, from the quick exchanges of eye contact, she'd realized that he was as eager to be with her as she was with him.

After the dance, Roberto had walked her to her car. At first they'd been shy with each other, not knowing what to say. But gradually that had changed, and they'd chatted freely. Brynn was certain Roberto had meant to ask her for a date, but before he'd had a chance, a fight had broken out between two boys. In his frustration, Roberto had closed his eyes and forcefully released his breath. Brynn had felt the regret in him as he'd turned away and hurried toward the scuffle.

Long after she was home, Brynn had found it impossible to sleep. Again and again her mind had reviewed the one dance she'd shared with Roberto. The memory had left her hungering to learn what would have happened had they been free to enjoy one another's company.

The more she thought about Roberto, the more she admired his accomplishments. He worked hard and seemed determined to make his business a successful enterprise. He genuinely cared about his brother's welfare and took an active role in the community. Father Grady, whom Brynn considered to be an excellent judge of character, couldn't say enough good about Roberto.

True, they'd started off on the wrong foot, but Brynn was eager to make up for that and start again. If she did have God's attention, then what she sought was for Roberto to be at church this morning.

Giving up the pretense of praying, Brynn opened her eyes and sat on the hard wooden pew. She didn't see Roberto and couldn't swivel around to look without being obvious.

Triumphant organ music announced the beginning of mass, which Father Grady celebrated. Not until Brynn stood to follow the others to the altar for communion did she spy Roberto. Instantly her heart gladdened.

He saw her too, because she watched as a brief smile touched his eyes.

After mass Roberto was waiting on the top of the church steps for her. Following the throng of the faithful out of the large double-wide doors, Brynn saw Roberto almost immediately and waved.

"So we meet again," she said. She hated the breathless quality to her voice, but she couldn't hide how pleased she was to see him.

He acknowledged her with a short nod.

"Did the boys give you any trouble last night?" she asked, wanting to learn the outcome of the fight.

He shrugged as though to say it wasn't anything serious. "I separated them and had Emilio take Modesto with him."

"I'm glad."

Once again Brynn noted what a fine figure of a man Roberto made. She didn't know what had blinded her earlier.

"So it was Modesto," she murmured. That didn't surprise her.

"Mike and Modesto were going at it until-"

"Mike?" Brynn interrupted. "Not Mike Glasser?"

"That's the name."

Brynn hadn't seen the morose young man all evening. But then it would be characteristic of Mike to conceal himself in the shadows. If he had come to the dance, then perhaps some girl had caught his eye. Brynn hoped that was the case. She genuinely liked Mike and wished she knew how to reach him.

"It surprises me that Mike would fight anyone, especially Modesto." Although she said the words aloud, she didn't expect Roberto to comment. Mike wasn't a fighter. Modesto was much more savvy when it came to such matters. The Hispanic youth would have dropped Mike in record time.

"Whatever plagued him was a hot issue," Roberto commented. "From what the others told me, Mike went after Modesto without provocation. The funny thing is, I don't think Modesto really wanted to fight him."

"But you were able to break it up before anyone was hurt?" she asked, unable to hide her concern.

Roberto nodded, and a hint of a smile turned up the edges of his mouth. "No problem."

Brynn relaxed.

Roberto was about to say something when Emilio strolled past casually and stopped as though surprised to find his older brother spending time with his teacher. "Mornin', Miss Cassidy."

"Morning, Emilio."

The teenager turned to his brother. "Have you asked her yet?"

Roberto answered in Spanish, his voice low and threatening.

Emilio ignored him. "He's going to invite you over to the apartment for breakfast. I'm supposed to make myself scarce." He grinned boyishly and added in a low voice, "I'd be careful if I were you, 'cause it looks to me like my big brother intends to put the make on you."

Brynn couldn't keep from laughing, but Roberto wasn't amused. He spoke again, and his tone was clear. He wanted his brother to shut up and leave them alone.

If Emilio felt the least bit threatened by his brother, he didn't let it show. If anything, the younger Alcantara couldn't have looked more pleased.

"You should have seen Roberto this morning," he continued undaunted. His smile was full and cocky. "He was up at the crack of dawn, shaving and splashing on that fancy cologne he likes so well."

"Emilio." Again Roberto threatened him.

"He likes you, Teach, big time."

Brynn knew smiling was probably the worst thing she could do, but she couldn't make herself stop. Emilio was telling her everything she wanted to hear.

Disgruntled, Roberto pulled his wallet from his hip pocket and jerked out a twenty-dollar bill. "Get lost for a couple of hours," he instructed.

A wide grin split Emilio's face. "I'm outta here." He looked to Brynn and winked. "Have fun, you two." With that he was gone.

"I apologize for my brother," Roberto said flatly.

Brynn arched one brow. "Was what Emilio said true? Do you intend to put the make on me?"

His intensely dark eyes didn't waver from hers. "That depends."

"On what?"

"Several matters," he said, and cleared his throat. "Mostly on if you feel the same way about me as I do you." He reached for her hand and laced his fingers with hers. "I'd be honored if you'd join me for breakfast."

"Does that mean you're volunteering to cook?"

He didn't hesitate. "Yes."

"Then I accept."

Hand in hand they strolled down the sidewalk.

"We have nothing in common." It was as though he felt obligated to remind her of that.

"I certainly don't agree with your views on education," she added. If he was looking for reasons they shouldn't see each other, she had a list of her own.

Roberto's chest deflated as he released a pent-up breath. "You're Irish, I'm Hispanic. I have no business bringing you home with me."

"But you are, aren't you?"

"Yes," he said, as though admitting to a fault.

"Why?" Perhaps she should leave matters as they are and not ask.

"Because I had to know." His voice was gruff with impatience, but Brynn understood. She was equally curious. Equally fascinated with him.

"I needed to know, too," she admitted softly.

Roberto's hand squeezed hers, and when she looked up, he smiled.

He brought her to the apartment he shared with his brother. The compact unit was decorated with large overstuffed pieces of furniture. The royal blue material had several crocheted doilies flattened across the back.

"My mother made those," Roberto explained when Brynn ran her finger over the delicately crafted cotton threads.

"They're lovely."

"So are you."

Before Brynn could comment, Roberto turned her in his arms. She came willingly, without a qualm, eager for his kiss. He didn't disappoint her. Soon his mouth settled firmly over hers. His kiss was both hot and compelling. Brynn's breath caught in her throat as he wrappped her securely in his arms. She buried her face in the hollow of his neck and breathed in the warm, spicy rum scent of him. The bay cologne reminded her of what Emilio had said, and she smiled softly and pressed her lips against his smoothly shaven skin.

"I meant to wait to kiss you," he confessed, his lips in her hair. "At least until after breakfast."

"I didn't want to wait."

He continued to caress her back. "We shouldn't be doing this."

"You're right," she agreed, and stepped up onto the tips of her toes to kiss him again. The world dissolved, melting away any resistance that might have remained. "We're both crazy."

"The world is crazy," Roberto agreed, "but I haven't the strength to resist you."

Brynn closed her eyes and pressed her head against the solid strength of his shoulder. She was content to stay as they were, but she wasn't blind to their differences. What Roberto said was true. They had little in common other than the fact that they were crazy about each other.

Jenny was convinced she was coming down with a cold. Her throat ached, and she alternated between hot flashes and the chills. And she swore every bone in her body ached. A cold complicated by the flu.

She managed to sing her way through the two production numbers she was involved in from South Pacific. She smiled as if she hadn't a care in the world, delivered the dinners to her customers, and counted the minutes until she'd finished her shift.

When she returned to the apartment the first thing she did was take a long, hot shower. Even with the comfort of warm water raining down on her, she developed a hacking cough.

"You don't sound so good," Michelle called from the other side of the bathroom.

"I'm miserable."

"Do you want me to get you some aspirin?" her roommate offered.

"No thanks," Jenny said as she opened the door. "I took some when I got home." Dressed in a thick terry-cloth robe, she ambled into the living room and buried herself under the wool afghan her mother had mailed her last Christmas.

"I bet a nice hot bowl of chicken soup would help you to feel better."

"I'm fine, Nurse Michelle," Jenny teased.

"You need something," her roommate insisted.

What she needed, Jenny realized, wasn't to be easily found. More than at any other time since her arrival in New York, Jenny needed her family.

Jenny could feel a sneeze coming on, and she reached for a tissue and nearly blew a hole through it with the force of her misery.

"My goodness." Michelle laughed.

"What about the Christmas party?" Jenny asked, wanting to take her mind off her woes. She needed to divert Michelle before she whipped out a thermometer and dispensed massive doses of TLC. Struggling as she was against bouts of self-pity, Jenny preferred to suffer alone.

"Oh, my goodness, the party! I nearly forgot." Michelle walked over to her purse and took out a list. "I talked to Paul. You remember Paul Fredricks, don't you?"

Jenny nodded, although she hadn't a clue who Paul was. She'd figure it out in a moment.

"Anyway, Paul says the fifth would work out great."

"The fifth is fine with me." For the life of her, Jenny couldn't figure out why they would need to clear the date with Paul Fredricks, but again that was something she would leave to reason out later.

"Do you agree?"

"Sure." One day was as good as any other as far as she was concerned. "I'll make sure I have the fifth off."

"Good. I added Paul's name to the list while I was at it. You don't object, do you?"

"Of course he can come. The more the merrier." Paul Fredricks, of course. He was the actor who'd captured Michelle's attention and her heart after one short meeting. Her roommate seemed to think no one had noticed. Perhaps no one else had, but Jenny wasn't as easily fooled.

"Look," Michelle said, standing inside the kitchen. "The message machine is blinking."

"I forgot to check," Jenny admitted. The first order of business when she'd returned home was aspirin and a hot shower. "Who called?"

"I don't know." Michelle pushed down the button and reached for a pad and pen.

"It's Irene," Michelle cried.

It would be just like their agent to leave the most important news of their careers on the answering machine.

"I don't know where you girls are," Irene's elevated voice said, "but I sincerely hope you'll be home soon. Now listen up! I talked to John Peterman this afternoon, and he wants you both back for a second audition first thing in the morning. I repeat, he wants to see you both again."

Michelle looked to Jenny.

Jenny looked to Michelle.

Michelle threw open her arms and screamed.

Her cold forgotten, Jenny tossed aside the quilt and raced over to her friend's open arms. Together they danced around the living room, screaming at the top of their lungs.

Then Jenny started to cough again.

Eight

"Suzie, can I see you after class?" Brynn asked the Chinese girl. Of all her students, Brynn found real encouragement in watching this particular teenager's progress. Suzie's written essays revealed a quick, analytical mind and a thirst for knowledge. Brynn hadn't said anything to Suzie, but she'd taken it upon herself to inquire about the possibility of a full-ride scholarship for the girl.

Suzie glanced up from her desk and blinked. "Did I do something wrong?"

"No, not at all," Brynn quickly assured her. She patted Suzie's shoulder, and the girl returned to her writing assignment.

"Do you want to see me, too?" Malcolm called from the back of the classroom, disrupting the calm. That was Malcolm's specialty.

"Not today," she said.

Malcolm folded his muscular arms and leaned back on his desk chair until his shoulders were braced against the wall. His eyes were round with irritation. "I heard you stopped by my place yesterday and asked to speak to my mother. If you got something to say to her, you can say it to me first." He lifted his chin an inch in open defiance.

It was clear Malcolm didn't trust her. Brynn doubted that many of her students did, although she'd worked hard to gain their confidence. Again and again she butted her head against the thick walls of doubt and suspicion. To the best of her knowledge she hadn't gone against her word once, yet her students acted as if they were waiting for her to knife them in the back. Certainly the incident with Emilio that first day hadn't helped matters any.

"My stepdad said you stopped by my place, too." This was from Yolanda.

"Are you looking to make trouble for us?" It was Malcolm again.

"What'd you want with my mom?"

"Yeah. You ain't got no right to talk about me behind my back."

Brynn could see that she'd best explain the purpose of those after-school visits. She'd hoped meeting her students' families would be a positive experience; instead she'd incurred the mistrust and ire of her class.

Emilio sat up and looked over his shoulder. "Miss Cassidy comes to my apartment most every afternoon, and I ain't making no fuss about it."

His remark was followed by several boos and hisses. Emilio just smiled. He reveled in the fact that Brynn had been seeing a good deal of Roberto. What he said, however, wasn't true.

"All right, all right," Brynn said, holding up her hands. "It looks like I owe you an explanation."

"You're damn right you do."

Brynn looked into a sea of angry faces. "Malcolm, you're right. I did stop off at your place yesterday afternoon. I wanted to tell your mother it was a pleasure to have you in my class and report to her that your progress in the last few weeks has been nothing short of amazing."

Malcolm's mouth snapped closed. He looked confused, then relieved. "You wanted to tell her good things about me?"

"Is that why you came to my house?" Yolanda asked.

"Yes. I'd hoped to visit everyone's family by the end of the quarter. Yolanda, I couldn't be more pleased with how well you're doing. You've maintained a B average, and I wanted your family to know how hard you've been working."

"You won't be able to say that about me."

Denzil was right about that. His grades had been dismal, and he gave little if any thought or effort to his assignments. His contributions to the class were limited to disruptions and arguments.

"Well," she said, thinking on her feet. "I thought I'd tell your parents how I've noticed your ability to argue an issue from any point. That's the quality of a good attorney. If you were the least bit interested, you could make a career learning the law."

"An attorney?" Denzil sat up straighter on his chair. "Me, an attorney?" He laughed under his breath. "I've had lots of experience with the law, and I've met some of those fast-talkin' lawyers, too. Only they were looking to toss my butt in jail."

"There are other kinds of attorneys," Brynn told him.

"I could wear one of those fancy silk suits, couldn't I?"

"Of course. Listen, Denzil," she said, her convictions causing her voice to grow strong and sure, "this is exactly what I've been telling you all quarter. You can be anything you want. The power is right here inside you." She held her clenched fist against her breast. "All you've got to do is want it bad enough."

"I ain't never had anyone tell my mother good things about me," Yolanda said. "The only time a teacher ever came to my house was because she thought I took something out of her stinking purse." Looking away, she sighed loudly. "I did it, too, because that teacher was a real jerk. She wasn't even fair."

"You got any good things to tell Roberto about me?" Emilio asked, and draped his elbows over the back of his seat. He was sitting proud.

"I have plenty to tell Roberto about you," Brynn teased as she rubbed the chalk dust from the palms of her hands.

The class laughed, just as Brynn intended they should.

"Now that I've answered your questions, please return to your writing assignment." Generally, when she directed her students' attention back to a written task, a grumble of discontent would spread across the room. Not this time.

After the bell rang, dismissing the class, Suzie Chang made her way to Brynn's desk. The shy girl clenched her books tightly. "You wanted to talk to me, Miss Cassidy?"

"Yes," Brynn said, scooting the chair back. "Suzie, you're an excellent student. This last paper you wrote about Anne Frank is as good as anything I've read on the subject. You revealed both insight and sensitivity to the Jewish girl's plight."

Uncomfortable with the praise, the teenager lowered her gaze. "Thank you."

"I'd like to know if you plan on attending college next year."

"College." The girl's eyes lit up briefly, then she sobered and slowly shook her head. "I can't."

"But Suzie, you're exactly the kind of student who should continue their education. I can feel the hunger in you, the desire to learn. There's a way, I promise you. I can help you if you want."

The girl shifted her weight from one foot to the other. She kept her head lowered and refused to meet Brynn's eyes. "I can't, Miss Cassidy."

"Suzie, didn't you hear what I said to Denzil earlier? Where there's a will, there's a way. Now if you're worried about the money, there are scholarships. I'll help you fill out the applications, and ..."

Suzie's head snapped up, and Brynn noticed that the teenager's face was streaked with tears. "A scholarship isn't going to help me, Miss Cassidy. Nothing will." Having said that, Suzie turned and raced out of the classroom.

Stunned, Brynn sat at her desk for several moments, pondering Suzie's words. Nothing would help her? That made no sense.

Feeling as though she'd somehow failed her brightest student, Brynn left the building, determined to try again to meet Denzil's and Malcolm's parents. Perhaps she'd have more success now that the word was out that she wanted to compliment the teens instead of complain.

A block away from the school the streets were dirty, filled with litter and broken glass. A discarded davenport was turned upside down and garbage dumped in the ripped undercarriage. The smells of rotting food were potent enough to cause Brynn to turn her head away.

Dusk settled over the city. The streetlights that weren't broken blinked on, casting a clouded yellow glow to the filth on the sidewalk.

From the distance, Brynn watched as a man approached her. She stiffened, then reminded herself she had nothing to fear. This was a violent neighborhood, but like Father Grady, Brynn had faith in the goodwill of those who occupied the tenements.

As the figure of the man grew near, Brynn recognized Roberto. When he realized it was she, his steps became quick and filled with purpose. The tension drained from her, and Brynn relaxed. They'd met twice in the last week, swift snatches of time they'd stolen in an effort to be together. Five minutes. Ten. Just long enough to convey that they wished it could be longer.

"Roberto." She didn't bother to disguise her happiness.

Roberto was frowning. "It's true, then," he said, sounding none too pleased.

"What is?" she asked, surprised by his attitude.

"Emilio stopped off at the garage to tell me you were parading around these streets after school visiting families."

"I wanted-"

"Don't you realize it's dark now by four-thirty?" he barked. He jerked off his baseball cap and slapped it against his knee in a display of disgust.

"Roberto, what's wrong?"

"Are you crazy, woman?" He said something in Spanish, and from his tone, it was just as well she didn't understand. "You're inviting trouble. I thought you had more sense than this."

"Roberto, if you'd only listen."

"To what? Don't you realize this is New York City? You're targeting yourself to be the next crime victim. You're inviting trouble. I can't follow you around and protect you."

She didn't appreciate his attitude, but she didn't want to argue, not when they'd come so far. She stiffened her shoulders and glared right back at him. The cold wind whipped about her face as she struggled with her composure. "I know what I'm doing."

"You haven't got a clue," Roberto snapped. "What could possibly be so important for you to risk your life?"

She tried to tell herself that he was so angry because he cared, but his attitude stung. The people in this neighborhood knew her. She couldn't go more than a few houses before she met someone she recognized from either the school or the church.

"Don't you understand?" Roberto said, gripping her by the shoulders. "You can't change the world on your own."

"But I can help these kids."

"Brynn, oh, my darling fool." Briefly he closed his eyes, struggling to hold on to his temper. "You can do nothing. You can change nothing. Denzil, Malcolm, and all the rest will live and die in this neighborhood the same way Emilio and I will."

"That's not true," she argued. She could make a difference. She believed that with all her heart. That was the reason she was here.

"Grow up," he said, his fingers biting deep into her coat. "You've got to step out of this dream world you're living in. Look around you. Can't you see?"

Brynn refused to believe what he said. "We have a difference of opinion, Roberto, but that's no reason to treat me like a child."

He seemed to be struggling within himself. After a moment, he dropped his hands and his features hardened. "Go home, Brynn. For the love of God, go home where you belong. You don't fit in here. Just go!" he shouted, and gave her a light push.

She blanched. "You don't mean that."

"I've never been more serious in my life. Pack your bags and head back to Rhode Island or wherever it was you came from before you get yourself killed. Please, Brynn." This last part came on a rush of emotion.

The pain his words produced sucked the breath from her lungs. At first she could barely think, and when she spoke her voice betrayed her pain. "You want me to leave?"

He held himself stiffly away from her and didn't answer for several moments. Then something broke within him, and he expelled his breath forcefully. Before her heart beat again, before she could take another breath, Roberto brought her into his arms. "No, I don't want you to go."

Her arms circled his waist, and he relaxed. Nothing had ever felt more right than to be in Roberto's arms.

"Promise me, if you're so anxious to go out nights, you'll let either me or Emilio accompany you."

She remembered his words about not having the time to be her bodyguard and knew he'd said those hurtful things only because he was worried for her.

"Promise?" he demanded.

She nodded, and he kissed the top of her head.

Beneath the warm, golden glow of the streetlight, the man who'd shouted at her only moments earlier now bent his head to kiss her. "What am I going to do with you?" he said.

Brynn smiled to herself, content in his arms. In time he'd realize she could make a difference. If it was only to be in one life, then so be it, but she wouldn't walk away from her students, nor would she leave this neighborhood, no matter what Roberto thought.

Jenny stood on stage, dressed in her tights and dancing shoes. Five others stood with her, including Michelle. All triple threats. Each one accomplished in singing, dancing, and acting. Each one eager to be John Peterman's latest Broadway discovery. Each one pleading silently to be chosen for this role. Any role. A chance.

Bright lights blinded her, but Jenny was accustomed to not being able to view her audience. Her throat was raw and her head throbbed, but she ignored the cold and flu symptoms as best she could.

"Miss Lancaster."

The man with the booming voice called her name. Jenny stepped forward and shaded her eyes with her hand. "Yes."

"You sang 'Don't Cry for Me, Argentina' in the first audition, is that correct?"

"Yes." Her voice quivered with the strain of answering his questions.

"Did you bring your sheet music with you?"

"Yes." She looked to the man sitting at the piano.

"What will you be singing this time?"

With her cold and her throat feeling the way it did, Jenny knew her voice wouldn't carry any musical number with more than a two-octave range. Normally her voice was able to scale four octaves, something that had amazed and thrilled her music teachers in Custer, Montana. But such versatility wasn't uncommon here in New York.

"I'll be singing 'Rainy Days and Mondays,' " Jenny told the faceless voice. The first piano notes broke into the silence. She was forced to clear her throat, which had tightened up on her to where she could barely speak, let alone sing.

The piano player looked at her when she didn't come in on cue and played the introduction a second time. She opened her mouth and nothing came out. She tried again, and what sound did escape wasn't anywhere close to being considered musical.

Miserable, Jenny raised her hand and stopped the piano player. There was no use continuing. Not now. She couldn't do it.

"I'm sorry," she mumbled, wavered, and reached out blindly, afraid she was about to collapse.

Michelle gripped her hand. "Jenny's sick ... she shouldn't even be here."

Her roommate placed her arm around Jenny's shoulders, and she slumped against Michelle, needing her friend's support to remain upright.

"She has a fever of a hundred and two," Michelle informed the casting director.

"And you are?" the loud voice boomed.

Michelle stiffened. "Her roommate. I realize this is none of my business, but I'm afraid Jenny's sick. If you want to hear her sing, our agent can supply you with any number of tapes. Come on, Jenny," Michelle said, steering her off the stage. "I'm taking you home."

"No," Jenny protested. It was bad enough that her best chance of ever appearing on Broadway was being taken away, but she wouldn't allow her own misfortune to ruin Michelle's chances, too. "You stay here."

"But-"

"I insist. Don't argue with me. This is your chance."

"But, Jenny-"

"Michelle Jordan!" the voice shouted.

Michelle wavered and looked over her shoulder.

"Are you staying or going?" the voice asked.

"Staying," Jenny answered for her. She'd meant to shout. She'd put all her effort into making herself heard, but what remained of her voice was shockingly weak.

"Oh, Jenny, are you sure you'll be all right?"

"Of course. All I need is a little rest." She managed to put on a bright smile, which depleted what little energy remained. "I'll get a taxi," she promised a second time. A real luxury, considering her finances.

"You promise?"

"Yes. Now break a leg, kid," she said in her best Humphrey Bogart imitation. "You'll have to make it for both of us." She felt like weeping but managed to keep the tears at bay until she was outside the theater.

It was snowing. Wouldn't you know it? Every man, woman, and child in New York would be looking for a cab. Jenny stepped halfway out into the street and raised her arm in an effort to hail a taxi. The cold snow was a welcome coolant as it drifted onto her upturned face.

"You're going to help her, aren't you?" Goodness asked Mercy. "That poor girl's sick and miserable."

"Of course I'm going to help her." Mercy was indignant that her friend would believe otherwise. "It's just that this is the worst time imaginable for her to find an empty taxi."

"Well, do something."

"What would you suggest?" Mercy snapped, impatient herself.

"Stop traffic."

Mercy grinned. Why hadn't she thought of that herself? It wouldn't be so difficult to create a distraction. Not with Goodness there to help her. Naturally it would work; she just hoped Gabriel didn't find out about this.

"Come on," she said, sharing a gleeful smile with her friend.

"Where are we going?"

"Times Square," Mercy answered.

"Yes, but ..."

Even Goodness looked surprised, and Mercy grinned sheepishly. "Don't worry, Gabriel will never hear of it." Well, at least she hoped that was the case.

"Look." Someone near Jenny stretched out an arm and pointed toward the huge electronic billboard above Times Square. "What in heaven's name is going on?"

Jenny looked up and did a double take. The sign that had flashed a huge Santa drinking a bottle of Coca-Cola only minutes earlier had disappeared. In its stead stood a picture of her own face, with the words flashing "Jenny needs a cab. Help Jenny."

She blinked, certain she was seeing things. Her fever must be higher than she realized for her to hallucinate this way. Obviously she'd stepped over the edge of reality.

Cars slowed to a crawl. Any number of people paused and pointed to the sign.

"Are you Jenny?" a bag lady who was nearly bent in half asked her. She wore a ragged wool coat. A worn shopping bag was draped over her forearm.

"Yes," Jenny whispered.

"I'm here to help you," the old woman proclaimed. "I'll get you that cab, now don't you worry none."

"I'm sick," Jenny whispered.

"Yes, I know, dear, now don't you fret. You'll be home soon enough." Holding Jenny by the arm, the old woman marched her out into the middle of midtown traffic and stood in front of the first yellow cab she spied.

The cabdriver stuck his head out the window and shouted angrily. Apparently he hadn't been in the country long, because his accent was so thick that it was nearly impossible to understand him.

"This is Jenny." The bag lady opened the cab door and stuck her head inside. "She's sick and needs to get home."

"I don't care if she's the president," the man inside the cab muttered, clenching his briefcase as if he expected the woman to snatch it from him. "I'm not giving up this cab. Driver," he instructed, "do something."

The driver twisted around and placed his hands over his ears. "Only been in America one day."

The passenger said something under his breath.

Undeterred, the bag lady tried a second time. "That sign up there says this woman needs help. Now get out."

The dignified-looking businessman bristled. "What sign?"

"Look at the billboard!" she shouted. "Now do as I say."

Jenny remained in a daze, barely able to decipher what was happening around her. Horns blared. People stopped and stared. Traffic snarled even worse than it normally did. No one moved.

"You're Jenny?" the businessman leaned halfway out of the cab to ask her.

"Yes," she whispered.

"Oh, all right," he muttered, and with that he hopped out of the cab.

Jenny turned to thank the bag lady who'd helped her, but she'd disappeared into the crowd. Safe and warm, Jenny climbed inside the cab, laid back her head, and closed her eyes. The next thing she knew the driver pulled up in front of her apartment complex. She couldn't remember giving him her address.

"How'd you know where I lived?" she asked as she pulled out her limited cash reserve to pay him.

"The old lady told me."

"But ..." Jenny shook her head, hoping to clear her thoughts. She'd never seen that woman before in her life. How could the bag lady have known where she lived?

"Good job," Goodness said, standing under the blinking lights of Times Square.

Mercy was downright proud of herself. She'd pulled off the role of the bag lady with the finesse that had done all angels proud. "Jenny never even guessed she was dealing with an angel," she bragged to her friend.

"I see you had a bit of a problem with that businessman, though. He didn't seem willing to give up his seat."

"A nonbeliever," Mercy explained. "He prefers to take care of matters himself. Poor fellow. He doesn't know what he's missing."

"It looks to me like he's missing his cab." Goodness chuckled and pointed to the street below. The man stood with his shoulders hunched against the cold, his arm raised in a desperate effort to hail a taxi.

Joshua was about to give up hope that Hannah would show. He'd waited a half hour and was tempted to admit he'd been wrong. His face stung with cold and his fingers were numb. He might have left if it hadn't been for the skaters gliding over the ice and all the bright lights on the fifty-foot-tall Christmas tree. Both held his attention and kept him from dwelling on his disappointment.

This was the first day of Hanukkah, the Jewish holiday that observed the freedom of religion. These few days in December celebrated the hope for peace. This night Jewish families around the world lit the first candle of the menorah, commemorating the Jewish recapture of the Temple in Jerusalem from the Hellenic Syrians in 164 b.c. It was the holiday honoring "the miracle of the oil."

If Joshua remembered his history correctly, only one small jar of undefiled oil could be found for the Temple's menorah. It should have been enough for only one day, but the jar lasted eight days, until a fresh supply could be delivered.

Joshua had never considered himself a particularly religious man. He preferred to think of himself as a man of faith. In the darkness of winter, his people celebrated the return of light.

That was the way Joshua thought of Hannah. She was a ray of sunshine in a world that had been filled with dark ambition. A ray of hope. He hated placing Hannah in the awkward position of having to choose between him and Carl, but he was confident she didn't love the other man. He would have staked his career on that.

This evening would be telling. What he'd said to Hannah earlier about her not being able to stay away was true. If she truly cared for him the way he suspected, she'd find a means of meeting him.

Rockefeller Center was big, but somehow, some way, they'd connect. Joshua checked his watch one last time: 8:40.

His disappointment was keen. He'd wanted her to come. Willed her there. But it was apparent now that he'd been wrong. He had no option but to release her; she'd made her choice. He'd found her too late.

