CHAPTER ONE

Emily Allard-Smith lay in bed alone and stared up at the ceiling, listening to the sound of footsteps shuffling overhead.

This was the third night in a row that she'd heard someone walking upstairs. It had happened five times in the last month.

She looked over at the clock on her bedside table. 3:32 AM. She rolled onto her back again and stared up at the ceiling for a bit longer debating.

Get up and check it out? Or barricade herself in her room and wait for dawn?

Another scraping noise came from above, and the fine hairs on the back of Emily's neck stood up. All right, that decided things. The noise was definitely coming from above, and the only guests she'd had in her bed and breakfast had checked out last night. She was alone in the big, spooky Victorian. Her one tenant of the moment, Elise Markham, was gone more than she was here, and tonight was one of those nights where she was gone. Things seemed to be quiet when Elise was in residence.

So naturally, the moment she was out, the ghosts started up again.

God, she hated this house. Turning on a light, Emily winced as it flickered. Stupid wiring. Stupid house. The room seemed to dance with ominous shadows, and Emily swung an arm under the bed, grabbing her emergency kit: a crucifix, a rosary, and a baseball bat.

With that in hand, she sat back amongst the pillows in her bed, clutched the items, and waited for morning.

Why on earth had she ever bought a haunted house? She must have been insane.

"Bluebonnet PD," a voice said on the other end of the line. "How can we help?"

"Hi," Emily said brightly, tucking the phone against her shoulder as she kneaded dough on the counter. "It's Emily Allard-Smith. Listen, I know it's early, but I was wondering if someone could stop by and check my place out?"

"Hullo, Miz Allard-Smith," the man on the other line said. "Another ghost?"

She gave a self-conscious laugh. "Well, I don't know if it's a ghost for sure, but I heard someone moving around in my attic. What if someone came in and set up shop upstairs? What if it's a vagrant?"

"Ma'am, there are no vagrants in Bluebonnet," he said patiently. "We're not a big enough town."

"I know." She did know that. Just like she was pretty sure it was a ghost, and the police wouldn't be able to help her. But still...she didn't have anyone else to call or depend on. She was on her own...and she was more than a little unnerved. "I just figured I was making this big batch of chocolate croissants and thought, well, Charley loves these, and I was wondering if he could stop by-"

"Chocolate croissants?" The man on the other line said, suddenly interested.

"That's right. You think someone can come by? I made extras for you boys down at the station."

"Well now," he said pleasantly. "I'm sure someone can swing by at some point this morning. I just-" the phone rattled on the other end. "Hang on-"

More wrestling on the other end, and then the speaker switched. "Em? That you?"

Luanne. Her sister seemed to live at the station now that she was employed there as office manager. Emily sighed. "Hey Sis."

"What on earth are you doing calling the police department at six in the morning?"

"The usual," Emily said, getting her rolling pin and viciously squishing dough underneath it. "Couldn't sleep."

"More poltergeists?"

"Actually poltergeists aren't really ghosts," Emily explained. She knew way too much about this sort of thing, more was the pity. "Poltergeists are just energy manifestations of a troubled subconscious."

"Ummm, yeah. Okay. That sounds like Braden talking."

"Who do you think taught me so much about the paranormal?" Emily smacked the rolling pin on the dough.

"So why don't you call the super-famous Braden Smith and tell him you have ghosts and you need them gone?"

Why couldn't her little sister just stay out of things for a change? "Because Braden's team doesn't actually get rid of ghosts? They just investigate and take pictures for their stupid TV show. They wouldn't know what to do if they actually found one. And I have one and I need it gone."

That, and Braden wanted to put her sweet little bed and breakfast on his Spooky Society show and she was having none of that. He wasn't interested in her as much as he was interested in helping himself. He'd happily show up...until she said that she didn't want the Peppermint House on television. Then he'd be 'really busy'.

She knew the drill. Her ex-husband was a jerk. No big deal, lots of ex-husbands were jerks. "Listen, Luanne, I realize you mean well, but I know how these things work, and I'm telling you that there's a ghost. I hear footsteps at night. The lights flicker. I know the signs, all right? I have a ghost, and I want someone to come by."

"And what do you think old Charley is going to do? Wave his nightstick at it?" Luanne sounded amused.

"What about Hank?" Hank was Luanne's boyfriend. He was tall, quiet, and reassuring. "Maybe he can just come and take a peek in my attic? I'd feel better if someone looked at things." Mostly she just wanted someone to come by and distract her, because this was a big, creepy old house that made lots of unexplained noises and she was here alone.

Always, always alone.

It was depressing if she thought about it for too long, so she tried not to think about that sort of thing.

"I'll send Hank by on two conditions."

"Name them."

"One, that you call a carpenter to get your lighting checked out, because I'm pretty sure you don't have ghosts."

Emily rolled her eyes. "I don't need a carpenter. I've been watching lots of wiring videos on YouTube and I know what I'm doing-"

"Humor your little sister," Luanne said, a hard note in her voice. "I worry about you."

She wasn't the only one. Emily sometimes worried about herself. "Fine, fine. What's number two?"

"Number two is that you send enough chocolate croissants this way for your favorite sister."

Emily laughed. "I think I can manage that."

Hank found nothing in the attic, of course. Being that he was a rather nice, obliging sort of man, he checked all of her rooms in the big Victorian (six), all of the closets (nine), and even the crawlspace under her porch. There was nothing out of the ordinary. No dead bodies. No vagrants. No ghosts.

Emily thanked him profusely and sent him back to the station with double helpings of chocolate croissants and some red velvet cupcakes she'd made (because she knew Old Charley liked those quite a bit). For the rest of the day, she cleaned up her kitchen, baked some fresh lemon poppy seed bread in case she had visitors, and then went back to work scraping wallpaper min one of the back bathrooms.

In the last two years, the ramshackle three-story Victorian had seen vast improvements. It had been a wreck when she and Braden had bought it, but with time - lots of time - and effort, it had turned into a fascinating project and a fun place to live. If she ever got done remodeling, it'd look downright beautiful, but there was always more to be done. Not that Emily minded - she loved home improvement projects.

And in the daylight, she even enjoyed the big house with its fascinating rooms and its historical charm.

After the sun went down, though, she kind of hated it. Especially when the bed and breakfast was empty, as it often was. Bluebonnet wasn't exactly a hub of commerce, but Emily had gotten a decent chunk in the divorce and the house was mostly paid for. She was doing just fine monetarily as long as she watched her pennies and had a few guests a month. But still, only a few guests a month tended to make things lonely. Now that her sister Luanne had moved out of the Peppermint House and in with her boyfriend Hank Sharp, Emily found herself home alone most nights.

And she really, really hated that.

So she watched Antiques Roadshow repeats on television. She flipped through the newest issue of Better Homes and Gardens. Played Sudoku on her phone. Scraped more wallpaper. Walked down to the hardware store and picked up a small can of paint for door trim. There was a paper on the bulletin board at the register. HANDYMAN - JERICHO LOZADA. GENERAL CONTRACTOR - NO JOB TOO BIG OR TOO SMALL. Several phone numbers were written on small torn strips at the bottom of the page, so she ripped one off and pocketed it. Why not. She'd promised Luanne she'd get the lighting checked out, and she had other projects she could use help with, too.

Then she returned home. The house was too still, so she turned on all the lights and watched a movie. When she could avoid it no longer, she headed up to her room for bed.

Emily's bedroom was still her favorite room in the house. In one of the front turrets on the third floor of the old Victorian, it was an octagonal shape, which she adored for its uniqueness. She'd painted the room a soft burgundy with a paler pink trim, and matted art pieces in pale pastels dotted the walls. In the center of the room was her big, circular bed with the curving upholstered headboard in a matching pale pink. Her blankets were a mixture of burgundy and pink, and throw pillows dotted the head of the bed. It was a fluffy little paradise, and a cozy place to hang out.

Or at least it was until the noises started late at night again.

That night, she went to bed with the cross sitting on the pillow next to her and her cellphone clutched in her hand. Sure enough, at nearly four in the morning, she awoke to the sound of scuffling across the ceiling. The hairs on her body prickled, and Emily ducked under the covers like a child, clutching her phone.

Who to call? Who would be up this early? Who could even help her?

Biting her lip, Emily thought for a moment, and then began to text.

Hey Braden, I keep hearing footsteps upstairs. Remember we thought this place was haunted? I think it is. She felt like an idiot for reaching out to her ex. Braden could be a real jerk when he thought she was bothering him, even if it was something as benign as "I found a bag of your gear in a closet, want me to ship it to you?"

But that was one reason why they'd gotten a divorce. He'd felt like she was holding him back.

And Emily? Well, Emily had just wanted to set up her house. Run a bakery. Maybe start a family. Funny how things worked out. Now she had a business she didn't want, no husband, and no chance of starting a family anytime soon.

Her phone buzzed just as she was drifting off to sleep again. Under the blanket fort, Emily scrambled for it, then hastily read the screen.

We're in the middle of filming an overnight shoot so have to make this brief. Have you seen any full body apparitions? Do you have EVP footage? If so, send it to me and I'll judge.

She groaned aloud. Why had she texted Braden? He was so useless.

Emily texted him back, because she was this far in. Might as well respond. No full body apparitions. Just footsteps. Lights flickering. Not gonna tape stuff. Can you help me or not?

A few minutes passed.

Then, he sent back two words. Busy. Sage.

She groaned and clicked the phone off. Screw Braden. Sage indeed. Like she was going to light some sage and wave it around the house in the hopes of 'calming' an angry spirit. He pulled that shit on his TV show, Spooky Society, and she knew it never worked.

She'd figure something out. Somehow.

The lights flickered as if to agree.

CHAPTER TWO

One week later

"So, any ghosts today?" Luanne asked, reaching across the kitchen counter and grabbing a double chocolate muffin.

"The usual last night," Emily said, rubbing her eyes. "And don't eat all the muffins. They're for the library fundraiser."

"Oooh, lookit me, eating all the muffins," Luanne teased, cramming one into her mouth and pocketing the other. "Can I bring a few for Hank and the boys?"

Emily pulled a half-dozen off of the plate she was Saran-Wrapping and put them on a separate plate for Luanne. At least she'd stopped by to see how Em was doing. "Of course you can. You know that. Just tell Hank I appreciated him checking out my attic this last weekend, even though it didn't lead to anything." Just more of the same. Noises, but nothing found in the attic.

She was starting to get really freaked out. Maybe she needed to call in Braden and his ghost hunter television show after all.

"So what's on the schedule today?" Luanne asked, licking her fingers clean.

"Elise is out and about but I think she'll be home later tonight, which means I need to make something for dinner." Emily checked her watch. "The new carpenter's supposed to be by here in the next hour. I'm going to see if he can fix some of the water-damaged eaves outside, since I have a hard time reaching those without help." She brightened and looked directly at Luanne as her sister snuck another muffin. "I don't suppose you want to help-"

"Gotta go," Luanne said, hopping off of her stool. She snagged the plate of muffins in her free hand and crooked her head at the door. "Working on the county law enforcement server. Can't help. Sorry!"

Emily's mouth twisted into a slight smile. She knew that would make Luanne run off, and just in time before Emily had to make an entirely new batch of muffins. "Of course. See you later."

Scraping wallpaper wasn't the most satisfying of tasks, but there was something almost orgasmic about lifting one corner and finding that it peeled up a foot of ugly grayish floral paper. Emily's fingertips tugged gently at the paper, and she held her breath as the piece lengthened and continued to lift from the wall. If she didn't mess this up, this would be the biggest chunk she'd removed yet-

A muffler roared somewhere outside of her bathroom window, jarring her. Emily's fingers slipped; she ripped the paper just before it got to a particularly ugly section. Damn it! She turned and tried to peer out the window - it was thick, stained glass (and very pretty) but you couldn't see out of anything except maybe the yellow panels, which were a bit faded. Someone had pulled up something very loud on her lawn, not ten feet from the bathroom.

Irritated, Emily swiped at her brow and ran for the front door. She was sweaty and dirty, and she needed a shower. Of course, she needed a bathroom with a working shower first. There were several in the guest quarters of the house, but she didn't use those because she liked to keep them clean in case of drop-ins.

Maybe this person - however rude - was a drop in. She could use the company. Elise was dating someone and was spending a lot of time away. Emily didn't mind the money she was missing out on, but she could have used the company.

Emily headed toward the front of the house, paint scraper in hand, and opened the front door just as the person on the other side was reaching for the doorbell.

The man blinked, pulled back a little, and grinned at the sight of her.

Emily just stared.

Bluebonnet, Texas was a small town. Last time she'd checked, there were no more than two thousand people living in the area. That meant a long drive toward anything resembling a city, and that meant that most of the people that came through were locals, or family members of locals.

This man did not look like a local.

For one, he was wearing leather. A patch-covered leather jacket hung on his broad shoulders. He was also tall - almost as tall as Hank, Luanne's lanky boyfriend. Tattoos covered his neck, there was a stud under his lip, and his black hair was stiffened into a mohawk.

He was also gorgeous, if you liked the type.

She frowned at the sight of him, though. A man alone arriving at her house never signified anything good. Men never stayed at a bed and breakfast alone - she always got couples. Add in the tattoos, the bike, the mohawk...and her hackles went up. Plus, the motorcycle was sitting on the spot under a tree she'd been trying so hard to grow grass in. Combine this with no sleep and she was a bit pissy, to say the least.

Not that the stranger noticed. He continued grinning at her and pulled out a small pad of paper. "This the Peppermint House?"

"Do you see a lot of other red and white Victorians in town?"

Instead of being affronted at her tone, his grin just grew even wider. "Well, you never know with people. Maybe you just have a thing for barber poles."

Emily blushed. "I hope you're not parked on my lawn."

He started, pointing back at his bike. "Is it not okay to park it under the tree? Thought I'd save the parking spaces for customers."

Like she got a lot of those. She shook her head and waved a hand at the two spaces in front of the house. "Please just park there."

He gave her a jaunty salute and headed back to his bike. As he walked, she watched his backside. Rather tight, and so were his jeans. Emily felt a little overheated. What on earth was wrong with her? This man wasn't her type in the slightest. He looked entirely too dangerous.

A moment later, the motorcycle roared to life again, hurting her ears, and he moved it to one of the spaces, casually kicking the stand down. She noticed he wore a pair of cowboy boots, at odds with his biker wear and bizarre hair. As he jogged back toward the house, she had second thoughts. He was a dangerous looking man and she was a woman alone.

That made her nervous.

So she crossed her arms over her chest. "I'm sorry, but I don't have any vacancies at the moment."

The friendly smile on his face shuttered in an instant. He studied her for a long moment, and then put his hands in his jacket pockets and rocked back on his heels casually. "Well, that's real nice and all, but I'm the handyman. Name's Jericho. I believe you called me?"

Emily's eyes widened in horror. Her gaze flicked to his appearance - shit! Hidden just under his loose jacket was a low-slung black tool belt. She looked over at his bike - on the back of the Harley was a beat-up old toolbox. Oh, damn it. Now she'd made an ass of herself. Emily swallowed hard and took a step backward, holding the door wide. "I'm sorry. Come on in."

"You sure you want me to?" He asked in a flat voice. "I might bite."

It wasn't humanly possible for Emily's cheeks to get redder. Maybe she'd get lucky and the old hardwood floors would cave in and the ground could swallow her up. That might be nice. "Just come on in."

He stepped inside and followed her lead, and Emily found herself wringing her hands as she led the man in. God, she'd insulted the handyman. She really was becoming a jerk living alone, wasn't she?

"What did you need fixed?" His voice was polite, if stand-offish.

She considered the flickering lighting, but she wanted to see what he could do, first. If he was shitty at his job, he'd just set the entire house on fire. So she said, "Some of the boards under the eaves on the back porch are rotted." Em crossed her arms over her chest. "Here, I'll show you. I have the lumber, but it's hard for me to reach on my own."

She led him to the back of the house and showed him the work she'd already done. "I replaced these," she said, showing him the fresh lumber. Then she pointed higher, at the parts just out of reach. "I'm having more trouble with those."

He ran a hand along the boards. "Your husband did a good job. Nice and even. Hardly any space in between the boards."

"I don't have a husband," she said bluntly. "Like I said, I did those boards."

He continued staring at the boards for a moment. Then, he said slowly, "Sorry 'bout that."

God, she felt so awkward. Everything was so damn awkward. "I should apologize to you. Maybe we should start over." She shoved her hand out in his direction. "Hi, I'm Emily Allard-Smith. I called for a handyman."

He looked over at her with a wicked grin that seemed to curve only one half of his mouth (oh heavens) and put his hand in hers. "Name's Jericho, but you can call me J if you like. And I just so happen to be a handyman and plumber."

She found herself warming to that smile. He was pretty, with gorgeous eyes and a killer smile. Why did he ruin his appearance with tattoos and that awful hairdo? "It's nice to meet you. Let me show you my eaves."

"Please do. I love a nice set of eaves." He gave her hand a squeeze before pulling his away.

Emily couldn't help but laugh at that. "Why does that sound so incredibly dirty?"

He mock clutched his chest and feigned putting a hand to his forehead. "Heavens to Betsy. Whatever do you mean?"

She just rolled her eyes, amused. She liked this man's sense of humor. "I showed you my eaves. Now show me what you can do with them."

"I love a challenge," he said with a wag of his dark brows. "Let me take a look and I'll write up an estimate for you."

Jericho kept her laughing with his silly quips while he inspected the work and pried up one of the old boards, examining the rot. When he was finished assessing, he headed back to his motorcycle and returned with a clipboard and pen, and wrote out an estimate for the work.

It was cheaper than she'd expected. "Are you trying to give me a discount?"

"Because you're cute and single? No ma'am. Though you are both." He gave her another wicked grin. "I'm just happy for the work, and I figure if you're a satisfied customer, I can get more work and hopefully some word of mouth."

His comment about her being cute and single left her a little flustered. It wasn't something she got called often. Because she owned the Peppermint House, she seemed to fall into that 'matron' or 'mom' category despite not being a mom. And she rarely ever got hit on, especially not by guys in mohawks. She didn't know what to think of that. So she steered things toward a safe topic: lunch. "If you can do all this work for that price, I'll even make you lunch."

"Now you're talking," he said. "Got a ladder?"

They were both quiet as she led him to the back shed where she kept her tools. He plucked the ladder from the wall with effortless grace and carried it back to the porch, where her rotten eave was. Emily watched, trailing behind him awkwardly. Should she leave him to his work? Or talk to him some more? What was the polite thing to do?

In the end, he solved the problem for her. As Jericho climbed the ladder, he called down, "So what's on the menu?"

"For lunch? I was thinking homemade chicken and dumplings?"

"Never had it," he admitted. "Any good?"

"You've never had chicken and dumplings?" She stepped to the side as he pried one of the old boards off and a shower of sawdust rained down.

"I have not. Unless you can microwave it, I probably haven't tried it. My family wasn't much in the way of cooking, unless it was meth."

She blinked.

He looked down at her and grinned. "That was a joke, by the way."

Emily laughed nervously. "Very funny."

"Yeah, it never ceases to get a reaction," he said with a chuckle. "Seriously, though, whatever you cook is great. Not a lot of fast food around here so I mostly do a peanut-butter jelly thing." He patted the side of his jacket.

"That sounds awful."

He shrugged his shoulders. "Feeds me. Can't complain."

If there was one thing Emily was proud of, it was her skill in the kitchen. And for some reason, she wanted to impress this man. If she didn't cook up a good batch of chicken and dumplings, he'd be turned off of the dish for the rest of his life. And wouldn't that be a shame?

"Well, I'm going to let you start on this," she said, waving a hand. "And I'll work on lunch."

"Sounds like a plan," he said as he ripped one of the boards down with his bare hands.

Mercy. That was...impressive.

"Another bowl?" Emily asked, unable to keep the pleasure out of her voice.

"Please," Jericho said, and held his now-empty fourth bowl of soup out to her. "That's some incredible shit."

She laughed and ladled another spoonful into his bowl. "I'm glad you like it."

He pointed his spoon at his bowl. "So is this you that's amazing or is this chicken and dumplings?"

"A little bit from column A and a little bit from column B?" She refreshed his iced tea. "I'm sorry it's not something nice and cool to eat. I know you must be working up a sweat outside."

"You kidding me? This is amazing."

She couldn't help but preen a little under his compliments. "I had some leftover chicken and dough so I thought I'd make some. It's one of my favorite things to eat."

Jericho spooned another heaping mouthful between his lips and gave her a thumbs up. She laughed and began to wipe down her counters, thinking about what to bake next. Baking always eased her mind, and she'd promised the police department of Bluebonnet fresh muffins for a month for checking her house out at two in the morning last weekend.

They'd found nothing, surprise surprise. She was starting to think her ghosts were just messing with her. She got out her muffin tins and began to pull ingredients out on the counter.

Jericho waved his spoon at her. "So what's with all the Martha Stewart stuff? You one of those anti-feminists?"

Emily made a face at him. "You're kidding, right? I can't enjoy baking without being an anti-feminist? Assumptions much?"

"Kinda like when people assume others are criminals just because they drive a Harley."

She gave him a pointed look. "Touche."

But he only winked at her. "I'm teasing you. We started off on the wrong foot but we're cool now."

With a small smile, Emily shook her head and pulled a carton of fresh blueberries out of her fridge. "I like to bake. It soothes me. Some people knit, some people scrapbook, I bake for everyone in town. And today, I owe the police department muffins."

"Why's that? You got a sweetheart there?"

"For a handyman, you sure do ask a lot of questions about if I'm dating or not," she said lightly, her heart thrumming a bit.

The look he gave her was heated and made her body flush with pleasure. "I'm trying to suss you out."

"How so?"

"See if a girl like you would go out with a guy like me."

Emily's heart stopped for a second, then began to crash in her breast. "You asking?"

"I am." Jericho gave her another one of those lazy smiles, but his eyes were keen. Shielded. She suspected that he was waiting for her to say no.

Maybe he didn't realize just how lonely she was? Emily dumped her blueberries in a colander and began to rinse them in the sink. "Where are we going?"

"You pick. My treat."

"Can it be low key? Jeans and t-shirt sort of thing?" She would be horribly uncomfortable if they went somewhere fancy.

The look he gave her was relieved. "My favorite kind of date."

"Movie? There's a little theater a few towns over that has the new releases."

"I think I can handle that. Tomorrow night, maybe? I'll finish up your eaves today, and it'll give you some time to miss me."

She rolled her eyes, but she was smiling.

Emily Allard-Smith, local lonely divorcee, had a date.

It was kinda stupid to be nervous for a date with a soccer mom, Jericho figured. Yet, he was.

Not that Emily was a soccer mom. She wasn't even a mom. But she was the type - cardigan sweater, neat blonde ponytail, baking wholesome cookies in the kitchen of her big fancy house.

Emily wasn't his type in the slightest. Jericho tended to go for girls that had a slightly rougher life. Chicks with tats and piercings that could swig a beer (or a shot of whiskey) as casually as breathing.

But there was something about Emily he liked. Oh sure, he hadn't exactly cared for her snotty attitude when he'd first arrived - but she'd manned up and apologized, and had been friendly and helpful while he'd worked. She was a funny conversationalist, didn't mind getting her hands dirty, and had a lovely, pouty pink mouth that he couldn't stop staring at.

Nice ass, too.

And she made a mean lunch. Jesus, his mouth watered just thinking about it again. The woman could cook. Not that it was why he wanted to go out with her. There was something in her eyes that called to him. It was a soft sadness, like her sense of fun had been ripped from her far too early.

He wanted to be the one to make that spark reignite. She was far too pretty to look so tired and careworn.

Maybe this was a mistake, though. Jericho raked a hand through his now-floppy hair and straightened his leather jacket. He hadn't dressed up. Kinda figured that she either liked him or she didn't. He'd ditched the mohawk, though. No sense in scaring a girl off.

He rang the doorbell and waited, glancing over at her cute little Bed and Breakfast sign. Her tiny parking lot was empty other than his bike. Not a bustling business, that was for sure. Still, there were better places to set up a bed and breakfast than this town. She must have had a sentimental reason for owning the place.

A moment later, the big wooden door opened. Emily stood there in, just as he'd guessed, a black cardigan and jeans. Her blonde hair was down from its serviceable ponytail and bounced about her shoulders in loose curls. Her eyes looked incredibly blue and that pouty mouth was a soft glossy pink.

"You look beautiful," he said softly.

As he watched, her cheeks colored prettily. "Hello to you, too." Her gaze went up. "You changed your hair!"

"It look bad?" He raked a hand through it again. It kept sliding into his face and was damn annoying.

"Not at all. I like it," she blurted, and then gave him another shy look. "Did you want to come in?"

"I can if you like. Or are you ready to go?" He gestured at his bike. "I brought a helmet for you."

Her eyes widened. "Oh. Okay, sure." She reached over and grabbed her phone off of a nearby table, swung the 'open' sign to 'closed', and shut the door. "Ready."

They walked toward his bike in silence, and then he offered her his extra helmet. She examined it for a moment before putting it on her head. "Is it weird that I've never ridden a motorcycle?"

"Nah," he said easily. She didn't look like the type, so he wasn't surprised. "Need help getting on?"

She tightened the straps under her chin dutifully. "I just sit behind you, right?"

"That's right. Make sure you hold on tight, and don't put your leg against the muffler unless you wanna get burned."

"Gotcha." She gave him a firm nod and he swung a leg over then gestured for her to hop on behind him. She did, and immediately her arms went around his waist tightly, her br**sts pressing against his back. "This good?"

"That's perfect." And it was. Her smaller form fit against him perfectly, and he began to imagine her pressed up against him in all kinds of scenarios: in bed, in the shower together, in the kitchen with her small, strong hands moving to his belt...

He shook his head to clear it of the image. Not something he needed to think about five minutes into a first date. Never mind that it had already been in his mind since the moment she'd held her hand out to him and smiled.

Jericho tilted his head back toward her. "You on comfortably?"

Her hands gave a small squeeze against his stomach. "I'm good."

He pulled on his helmet, started the bike, and it roared to life. The engine thrummed with a mighty purr and then they were off. Jericho loved his damn bike and he probably wasn't the most careful driver - he tended to weave between slower cars when he was on his own. But with Emily clutching at his jacket, he tried to make things as smooth as possible so she'd enjoy herself.

It felt like no time had passed when he pulled into the movie theater parking lot and parked his bike on the sidewalk. He looked over his shoulder at Emily and nodded, and she climbed off the back. Her cheeks were flushed, her curls disheveled. "That was fun."

He smiled. "Glad you liked it."

"I did, though I'm surprised."

"Why's that?"

She took off the helmet and shook out her hair, then gave him a mischievous look. "Because it's a Harley and you drove like my grandpa."

He threw back his head and laughed. This woman with her sweet, wholesome exterior never ceased to amaze him. "I'll show you something on the way home, then."

"I'll hold you to that," she said in a lofty voice.

They left their helmets on the bike and headed into the movie theater. They'd just missed the show time on the most recent summer tent-pole flick. The next thing playing was a romantic comedy, which he said was fine. But she'd laughed and commented on his sour face and suggested a thriller instead, even though the movie had been out for weeks and didn't start for a good forty-five minutes.

"It'll give us time to talk," she said with a smile. "And to pig out on popcorn."

Yeah, he definitely liked this woman.

Jericho bought the tickets, and Emily insisted on buying the food. They got two bags of popcorn (he noticed Emily liked extra butter on hers), some sour candy, two drinks, and headed into the theater to wait for the movie.

It was empty, a commercial slide flashing on the screen. Emily picked seats in the back, and they settled in with their food and drinks.

Just when he was thinking this date might be going pretty damn well so far, she held a hand to her mouth and yawned.

"Uh oh," he said. "You bored already? That isn't a good sign." Inwardly, he was cussing. Maybe she'd gone on a date with him because he scared her and right now she wasn't being threatened enough? Maybe underneath that wholesome exterior she was an adrenaline junkie? He didn't know much about her.

But Emily's eyes widened and she shook her head quickly. "Oh, my gosh. No. I'm so sorry! I just..." she grimaced. "I didn't get much sleep last night. That's all."

"Something keeping you up?" He fought a surge of irrational jealousy at the picture of her with another guy. Maybe she was dating more than one man. Maybe he was just a number to her.

Worry crossed her face. "You're going to think I'm crazy."

"I don't think you're crazy." Just spit it out, already. If she was making this big of a deal about it, it wasn't good news.

She bit her lip. "I have a ghost."

Of all the things he'd expected to hear, that wasn't on the list. Not even remotely. He couldn't help it; he smiled.

"See?" She said, smiling through her exasperation. "I told you you'd think I was crazy."

He studied her for a minute to see if she was f**king with him. Underneath that sweet exterior, was there a crystal-rubbing, patchouli-loving nut job? He didn't know. So all he said was, "You sure it's a ghost?"

Emily gave him a rueful look. "We were told it was haunted when we bought it. I just didn't believe the stories"

"Wait. You knew it was haunted when you bought it? And you still wanted to buy it?" He didn't miss that 'we' in there either.

She grimaced and took a sip of her soda as another couple came into the theater. Then she looked over at him and lowered her voice. "So I should probably explain something about my ex-husband."

"Is he dead?" Oh shit, was she a widow? Those were rough to date.

Her eyes widened. "Oh, no! No - it's not his ghost. My ex is Braden Smith of Spooky Society."

He had no clue what that was. "Okaaay."

She waved her hands and pulled out her phone. "Okay, you're not a fan of the show, which brings you up a notch in my book." She typed a few things into the screen of the phone and then handed it to him. "It's a cable show 'dedicated to exploring and cataloguing the paranormal and unexplained.'" Her voice turned mocking.

Jericho gazed down at the screen. There was a crew of men in matching polo shirts - all with arms crossed - standing in front of an ominous house. The SPOOKY SOCIETY logo was emblazoned across the screen and at the bottom there were links for cast photos, videos, and additional information. "I...see."

"So, when we first got married, we were college sweethearts. Braden was a computer programmer. I was a business major and wanted to open my own bakery. In his spare time, Braden ran a ghost hunting volunteer group. I was never into it, but he liked to go on ghost hunting expeditions every weekend. Some husbands fish or hunt." Her look was a patient one. "Mine liked to go to people's houses and try to connect with spirits. I ignored it and did my own thing for the most part."

He offered the phone back to her. So her ex was a celebrity of sorts. And probably loaded. Well, that was two strikes against Jericho's resume. He didn't have two nickels to rub together, and he sure as shit wasn't famous. Maybe infamous around Bluebonnet for his tats and his hair, but that was about it. "So the house was a house on the show?"

She shook her head. "Actually, the house came before the show. We bought it two years ago. I thought the stained glass windows were pretty and liked the idea of a fixer-upper. Braden liked the idea of a ghost in the attic. I didn't believe in ghosts despite his hobby, so I was fine with buying the house. But right after we purchased it, he got an offer from the television network to create a show based around him and his crew." Emily's look became less patient, more pinched. "It meant him basing out of Los Angeles instead of here in Texas. I didn't want him to do it. We'd just gotten married, just bought the house, and were talking about starting a family in the future. At least, I thought that's what we were doing. He accused me of not supporting him or believing in him." She plucked at an imaginary bit of lint on her cardigan. "He went to do the TV show anyhow, and we divorced. I got the house since he didn't want to be in Texas. And the ironic thing is that it really is haunted."

"You've seen something?"

"Not yet. But I hear things moving around in the attic at night, when I'm the only one in the house. It's a big house to be alone in anyhow, but add in the ghosts, and it scares the crap out of me." She looked unhappy, fiddling with one of the buttons on her sweater before taking another sip of her drink. "I have the police come by on the worst nights, but I think they're getting tired of it. I know they think I'm crazy because they never find anything. But I don't have anyone else to call on."

Something about her seemed so sad and woebegone, Jericho wanted to grab her and kiss her until that forlorn expression left her face. "What about Bradley?" he asked.

"Braden?" She shook her head. "He'll only come check out the house if I let him film it for his show, and I refuse."

"Yeah, but you're a business. You could probably use the income, right? I imagine lots of people would flock to see a haunted bed and breakfast."

"I don't want notoriety. I want peace and quiet." She looked distressed at the thought. "I don't want to be that bed and breakfast, you know? I want people to come because they like the house and enjoy the cooking. Not because they're hoping to meet a ghost."

Oddly enough, Jericho understood. Despite his tattoos and hair and Harley, he was a pretty low-key guy himself. His parents had been vagabonds and scammers, floating from town to town and making a quick buck where they could. He'd hated that lifestyle and had ran away from home to join the Army as soon as he was old enough. Served a few years, just long enough to realize that he wasn't really cut out for being told what to do, and apprenticed with a friend who had a fix-it business. The rest was history. After a crazy childhood, he liked nothing more than to relax at home with a beer.

She reached for her popcorn and nibbled on a handful before looking over at him. "So that's why I can't sleep. I'm a chicken and I'm scared of ghosts. But it's hard to tell myself it's nothing when I can plainly hear strange noises all night long."

"Huh," was all he said.

"You think I'm crazy, don't you?"

"Nah, I just..." He shrugged. "Never believed in ghosts before, you know? But if you say it's haunted, I believe you. And your ex said it was haunted, and it sounds like he's an expert."

It also sounded like he was a douchebag, but he wasn't sure if Emily wanted to hear that.

"The house is a hundred years old," Emily said. "You'd expect someone died in it at some point, right? Maybe they just stuck around." She shook her head as if to clear it. "But enough about the house. I've lived in Bluebonnet for two years and I've never seen you. You new?"

He nodded. "To the area, yeah. Decided I'd see if I could make a go of business here. Last town wasn't so friendly."

Emily's brows furrowed. "How come?"

He pointed at his face and recognition dawned on hers.

"Ah. People can be a bit...conservative in small towns, I've noticed." She grimaced. "They're not really fond of a bad boy. I hope work's treating you all right."

"It's slow," he said. "But I heard this lady has a ramshackle Victorian she needs help updating. Cha-ching."

He watched as a smile spread across Emily's face, making her delicate features utterly gorgeous in the shadowy theater. Damn, he really wanted to kiss her. "Cha-ching, huh?" she murmured.

"I hear she's a pretty good cook, too."

"Best in town, or so I've heard," Emily said, playing along. She shifted in her seat and leaned toward him. "She was really pleased with the eaves you helped her with the other day. Don't suppose you're good with toilets? And lighting?"

"I know a thing or two," he said casually.

"I heard there's a few shaky ones over at the old Victorian that probably need to be re-seated and sealed," Emily said casually. "I bet the lady with the Victorian would hire you to help with that."

Her playful, sultry tone of voice was making his c**k hard, right in the middle of the damn movie theater. "Think she'd cook something for me?"

"I bet. What's your favorite?"

Jericho thought for a moment. "Oatmeal raisin cookies?"

"Done." She smiled up at him. "Are you busy tomorrow?"

"Sounds like I'm putting in a few toilets." He leaned toward her, curious to see if she'd flinch away from him or if she'd keep snuggling closer. When she didn't pull away, he brushed his mouth over hers.

She gave a small gasp.

"That okay?" he whispered.

"The kiss?" Emily sounded dazed.

"That, too. I was thinking more about the toilets, though. Tomorrow is good for me as long as you won't feel weird about it?"

She shook her head. "I won't feel weird." Then she tilted her head. "Where are you staying right now? If you just moved to the area?"

"With friends a couple of towns over."

"You're welcome to stay with me while I don't have any guests," she said. Then, she quickly added, "Not in a sexual way, of course."

What the f**k? Just like that, his boner died. "Gosh, no," he said flatly. Where the hell was she going with this? "I'd never be interested in you in a sexual way."

The look on her face was awkward. "I probably should explain that. I mean, it's not that you're a bad looking guy or anything. You're not! I just don't know that I'm ready to jump into a new relationship. With sex. And like, commitment. Actually mostly just sex. Staying with me doesn't mean commitment." She blinked as if getting lost in her own words. "I'm messing this up, I think. What I meant to say was, I just have extra rooms sitting there and I'd appreciate the company...Any company..."

Even a bad boy like him? Gee, didn't he feel special. Any company, indeed. "I'll think about it," he told her. "'Preciate the offer, though."

"Of course. Free of charge, too." She gave him a faint smile. "I mostly just want the company."

Jesus, she was putting a chill on his erection, that was for sure. Shame, too. He liked her, and after all that flirting, he was feeling kinda riled up. Too bad that died an ugly death. He fell back to an old safeguard - teasing. "Free rooms? That's no way to run a bed and breakfast."

She sighed. "So I hear."

CHAPTER THREE

Emily absently gazed at the contents of her baking pantry, trying not to let her bad mood ruin a perfectly good day of baking. The rolled oats and organic raisins on the shelf taunted her. She glared at them before pulling out chocolate chips instead.

Stupid Jericho. Stupid man. Stupid stupid.

Their date hadn't gone swimmingly. Or at least, it seemed like it had until he'd kissed her. Then she'd gotten all freaked out, asked him to move in, babbled on about how she didn't want him sexually, and then things kind of went south from there. She'd spent most of the movie shoveling greasy popcorn into her mouth and kicking herself mentally.

Why on earth had she told a man that she was out on a date with that she wasn't ready for a relationship? Especially after he'd kissed her and her entire body had responded? She must be three kinds of stupid.

It was just...gosh. She hadn't been on a date since college. What was that, seven years? And then she'd babbled on horribly about her ex, and got all weirded out by her own words. So yeah. When the movie ended, they'd driven back to her place and he'd dropped her off without even trying to come in.

So much for that.

He'd even chickened out of work the next day. Cited a 'plumbing emergency' for another client and asked if they could reschedule. Emily knew a blow-off as well as anyone, and didn't give him a hard time about it.

But she'd be damned if she made him cookies.

And really, she could fix her own toilets. Eventually. Maybe after she stripped the wallpaper from the bathroom. There was no rush. She'd just add it to her laundry list of things that needed to be done. Her Victorian was pretty, but it required constant upkeep.

Someone knocked at the front door. Emily's heart thumped. Maybe he'd come by after all? She rushed for the foyer...only to see her storky, crazy sister Luanne. Her hair was pulled up into two pink-and-blonde knots and she wore a pink tank top with jeans and no makeup. "Hey, Em! How's it hanging? Thought I'd swing by for some java and eats before heading to work."

"Hey, Luanne," Emily said, forcing a smile to her face. "I'll put on some coffee."

"Don't look so thrilled to see me," Luanne teased, heading into the kitchen after Emily. "I can drink the station coffee if you're busy. It just tastes a bit like tire treads is all."

"You're fine," Emily said. She headed back into the kitchen and poured water into the coffee pot, then flipped it on. "I was just about to bake some chocolate chip cookies. Maybe." She shrugged. "Maybe not. I haven't decided."

Luanne moved to Emily's side and pressed a hand against her sister's forehead. "Not baking? You? You feeling okay, kiddo?"

Emily snorted. "Don't call me kiddo. I'm two years older than you."

"Yeah, but I'm taller. And wiser. Now fess up. What's bugging you?" Luanne smoothed Emily's hair back over her shoulder and then went and sat down at the breakfast bar, her watchful gaze on her sister.

Darn Luanne for being so intuitive. Emily pulled out a pair of coffee cups and debated lying to her sister. Truth was easier, though. "I had a date last night."

"Oh snap! Your first one since the big divorce. Who was it with?"

"Jericho Lozada. Handyman. He's new to town."

"I don't know him, so he hasn't been to the police station," she said with a grin. "Cute?"

Emily thought of Jericho's wild hair, his gorgeous smile and tight pants. "Real cute."

"Clearly it did not go well, hence the funky mood? Closet douchebag? Skeezy sex-hound?"

Emily shook her head. "I kind of wish he had been a sex-hound. Didn't even kiss me goodnight. I think I kind of killed the mood with mentioning my ex." She grabbed the coffee pot out from under the drip and poured a cup. "And then I told him I wasn't ready for a relationship. And then I offered for him to move in to the house in a purely platonic fashion because I needed company and not a relationship."

Luanne's eyes widened. "Oh, Em. Did you lose control of your mouth or something?"

"I was just nervous. Really nervous." Emily shoved the pot back onto the warmer and waited for more coffee to dribble out. "Like you said, it was my first date since the divorce and I haven't been sleeping and I kept wondering what a guy like him was doing dating someone as boring as me-"

"Stop, Emily, stop!" Luanne raised her hands in the air. "What on earth are you going on about? You're not boring."

Maybe not to her sister, who loved her unconditionally. But to someone like Jericho? All she did was bake cookies and keep a big house. How could someone like that be exciting to him? She shook her head. "Braden thought I was boring."

"Braden was a pompous douchebag and he's only gotten worse since he started hanging out with those Ghostbuster nuts. I bet he's insufferable on his TV show."

Emily kind of bet that he was, too. Luanne was a good sister for making her feel better. "Well, I ruined the date. I'm just not confident like you."

"Confident like me?" Luanne snorted. "Hank's the first one that wanted to date the real me ever since, well, forever. You want something to do a number on your ego, have guys ask you to 'dress up' as your alter-ego in bed."

Emily nodded, remembering Luanne's stunt videos as 'The Legend of Jane', a web blogger with roller-derby style and zany antics. She knew her sister had tired of the persona long before her audience had, and appreciated being 'normal', working as an administrator and computer guru for Bluebonnet's tiny police department.

"And if there's one thing that being Jane taught me," Luanne said, sipping her coffee. "It's that you fake confidence and the rest sort of follows. Next time you see that guy, you be your brilliant self and act like you're the best thing since sliced bread." She grinned. "Since your sliced bread. Which is pretty awesome. And speaking of, got anything I can take to the station with me?"

To Emily's surprise, Jericho showed up that next afternoon with his plumbing tools. "Oh," she said at the sight of him. "I didn't expect you over."

He gave her an odd look. "Did you not want me to work on your toilets? I thought-"

She waved a hand. "No, no, of course I do. Come on in."

He hauled his toolbox inside and she noticed today there was no leather jacket - just a black concert tee and jeans and a tool belt that emphasized his tight ass. She caught herself staring and then shook her head.

"Sorry about the delay," he said casually. "The elementary school's gymnasium was knee deep in shit from some backed up pipes and a friend needed some help with the job."

Emily was surprised. "Oh wow, really?"

He set down his tool box and gave her an odd look. "Didn't you get my text message?"

"Well, yes, but I thought...you know what? Never mind." Emily smiled at him and gestured at a door down the hall. "Let me show you one of the bathrooms where I need the toilet re-seated."

"Sure," Jericho said, his smile a little hesitant, but still sexy. "By the way, you look nice today."

Boy, she'd really messed this one up, hadn't she? "Thank you. Right over here." She showed him the bathroom and then hurried to the kitchen.

Time to make some cookies.

Emily rolled over and squinted at her alarm clock. 2:47 AM. She blinked at the red numerals, not quite sure what had woken her up.

Something heavy shuffled upstairs.

Instantly, every nerve in Emily's body fired awake. She stared up at the ceiling with a mixture of dread and terror. Maybe she'd imagined that noise. Maybe it was just a bad dream carrying over to wakefulness.

A thump, then a low dragging noise echoed across the ceiling.

Her body broke out in goose bumps. Not again.

Emily reached over the side of the bed and gripped her cross. Another heavy foot slid across the floor upstairs in the attic. She wanted to cry. She'd had such a good day earlier. She and Jericho had chatted for hours, the awkwardness left over from the movie date gone. She'd asked him to stay for dinner but he'd declined, since he had another client to run out to. He'd taken a plate of cookies with him and told her to call him for any other repairs.

It hadn't quite been romantic, but it hadn't been uncomfortable, either. And it had made her happy.

But now, staring up at the ceiling, all she felt was dread and sheer loneliness. Here she was again, at three in the morning, terrified out of her mind and no one to call on. She could call Luanne, but her sister only laughed at Emily's fears. She was a bit of a daredevil and didn't understand Emily's distress over the thought of having a ghost in the attic and having to deal with it by herself. The police department hadn't exactly been super receptive the last time they'd come out, so she'd baked double batches of their favorite treats and promised not to call again for a few weeks.

She had no one she could turn to, and right now, she felt terribly, horribly lonely.

Maybe Braden would be available if she called. Maybe he wouldn't be a total dick about it.

She doubted that, but when she heard another noise upstairs, she reached for her phone. Right now she just wanted to hear a human voice, someone to tell her it was okay, and to not be afraid of ghosts despite living by herself in a big, creepy old house.

Emily flipped to the 'recent calls' screen on her phone to pull up Braden's number...and saw Jericho's name staring back at her.

Would he answer if she called? She supposed she could always fake a plumbing emergency. But...that felt wrong. She just wanted a friend right now.

On impulse, she hit 'call back'.

Jericho's phone rang four times, and just when she was about to hang up and declare herself stupid for even trying, someone on the other line picked up. "Mmm, hello?"

It was obvious he'd been asleep. "Hello? Jericho?" Emily hated the way her voice trembled. "It's Emily."

"Em? You okay? What time is it?"

"It's late," she said tearfully. "Or early. I guess. I just...needed to talk to someone. I keep hearing things in my attic."

"You want me to come over?" He sounded a little more awake.

She caught the sob in her throat. God, she was being such a baby. But she felt like a big ball of emotional distress. She wanted help, and she didn't have anyone to turn to that might possibly understand how she was feeling... except him. "That would be great. You don't mind?"

"Not at all. I'll be there in about twenty."

"Thank you," she said softly. "I'll make you cookies."

"You don't have to bake me anything to get me to come over, Em." She heard the rustle of clothing as he moved around on the other end of the line. "I'll be there soon."

"Okay," she whispered and hung up.

Jericho showed up in a roar of mufflers at precisely 3:15 in the morning. Normally she'd have been one of the people in town pissy at the noise in the middle of the night, but today? She didn't care.

It just meant that she had a friend.

He strode to the door, a worried look on his face. His hair was a rumpled mess, the floppy black locks going in every which direction. He wore Scooby Doo sleep pants and a plain gray t-shirt under his jacket, his hands stuffed in his pockets as he headed to her front door. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm okay," she said, hugging her bathrobe closed. But she felt like a fraud saying it. "Actually," she added, voice trembling. "I'm really not. I'm scared and no one believes me and I don't have anyone to depend on and-"

"Hey," he said softly, moving forward. "Shh. Shh. It's okay. We'll take a look at things, all right?" Jericho pulled Emily against him in a warm, comforting hug.

"Everyone thinks I'm crazy," she sobbed. "And no one will help me. Even Braden. And I'm...scared of my own stupid house. I can't even sleep in my own stupid bed." She buried her face against his shirt. God, he smelled good. She was wimping out on him, but she didn't care.

For once, she just wanted someone to lean on. She normally took the mothering role, but this time, heck, it was so nice to have someone else hold her and tell her that it would be all right.

Jericho's hands rubbed up and down the arms of her bathrobe. "You need to sit down and have a good cry?"

"I need someone else to hear these ghosts so I know I'm not crazy," she said, sniffing against his shirt. Her fingers curled into the soft fabric. "You smell good."

He chuckled. "Thanks?"

"A-are these pajamas?" She sniffed again. "Did you come over in your pajamas?"

"You seemed like you wanted someone over ASAP. So here I am." He rubbed her back. "Shall we go inside?"

She nodded and surreptitiously wiped her nose.

Jericho took her hand and led her back into her own house. "Lead me to it."

"The attic," she said, pointing upstairs. "The noises always come from the attic."

"Of course they do," he said with a chuckle. "Typical horror movie shit. The bad stuff is always in the attic."

"I've had it checked before and no one can find anything," she whispered. And even though she wanted to kick herself for it, she clung to his arm. "I'm sorry I'm being such a baby."

He looked down at Emily, and the look on his face was surprisingly tender. "You're not being a baby, Em. You're scared, that's all."

"I hate being alone," she whispered, leaning closer as they headed up the old staircase. "I've never liked it. Especially at night."

"That why you invited me to live with you the other night?"

"Mostly. I like your company, too." She felt a little uncomfortable but since he'd gotten up in the middle of the night to come be her hero, the least she could do was confess how she felt. "I acted really weird on the date. I wanted to apologize. It wasn't that I didn't like you. I just...I haven't dated anyone in a really long time, and my ex kind of did a number on my self esteem. And you were looking at me weird with the ghost stuff, and I think I just started babbling."

Jericho's smile widened. He put an arm around her shoulders and gave her a casual hug. A warm, sincere hug. "We all get nervous. I have to admit, I wasn't sure how to take it when a girl tells me she wants me to move in but in a completely platonic sort of way. And here I was having dirty thoughts about you."

Emily's breath caught in her throat. "You were?"

"Fuck yeah. In that demure little cardigan? Was thinking about peeling it off of you and seeing what was underneath."

Suddenly the arm around her shoulders felt a little too innocent - she craved those filthy thoughts he'd been having. "Well, I-"

A massive thump sounded overhead, silencing them both.

"Well, damn," Jericho said, glancing up at the ceiling.

"I didn't lie," Emily told him, a little breathless at being proven right. She wasn't crazy. She wasn't. "I have a ghost."

His sexy mouth curled a little at the edges, and she noticed he was unshaven. Oooh. "You've got something up there. Got a flashlight? We'll go check things out."

She'd never been quite brave enough to check things out on her own. Braden had probably filled her head with too much nonsense. Still, the thought of confronting whatever it was upstairs freaked her out a little, and she moved even closer to him. "Are you sure?"

"Only one way to see if it's what I think it is."

"What do you think it is?"

That mouthwatering smile quirked again. "Don't know, but really hoping it's not a ghost."

They headed up the stairs, turned past Emily's room, and then further up toward the attic space. Emily's attic staircase was a cramped and twisting set of narrow stairs behind a door at the end of the hall on the second floor. At the top of the staircase was another ominous door. Just looking at the stairwell gave her the willies.

Jericho turned to her. "Flashlight?"

"Right," she said quickly, and ran to her second floor storm closet. She kept emergency supplies on both floors just in case she had guests and the power went out. A heavy Maglite was in the closet and she grabbed it, then raced back to Jericho's side and offered it to him.

"Thanks. You want to stay down here?"

Oh God, did she ever. It thumped again, and she moved a little closer to him warily. "Um. Will you think less of me if I do?"

He chuckled. "Not at all. Just call the police if I'm not back in twenty."

Emily glared at him. "That's not funny." The lights flickered as if to agree with her. Ugh. Emily squeezed closer to him and closed her eyes. "Are you sure you want to go?"

"It'll be fine." He pried her away from him and tapped her cheek so she'd open her eyes. When she did, he gave her one of those bad-boy winks. "Don't worry."

"Easy for you to say." He didn't live here, after all.

But he was already climbing the stairs. "Be right back."

She crossed her arms over her chest and watched as he disappeared around the bend. She heard the attic door open and sucked in a breath, waiting. Waiting for him to say that yes, he saw a ghost, or no, there was nothing and she was still crazy.

"Shit."

Emily felt like her throat was closing. "What is it? What do you see?"

"I see shit." He laughed, and relief flooded through her at the sound. He didn't seem worried or frightened at all. In fact, he sounded pleased. "Who did you say you had coming over here to check for ghosts?"

She frowned up at the staircase. "A few of the officers. Sometimes Hank, sometimes Old Charley. Mostly Old Charley. Why?"

"Because I think I know what your ghost problem is. Want to come up?"

Buoyed by his ease, she went up the narrow staircase after him. He stood just in the entryway of the attic, the bulb hanging from the ceiling on overhead, and the mag-lite in hand. And he was smiling. He looked over at her and waved her forward. "Come on. You're going to want to see this."

"Am I?" she asked skeptically. "Because I'm pretty sure whatever it is, it isn't good."

"Well, in the scheme of things, it's not ideal, but it's not the worst," he said, and offered her his hand.

Emily put her fingers in his and let him lead her into the attic. The room was too shadowy for her liking, the ceiling tall and gabled overhead, raw beams of wood creating even more shadows. Tufts of insulation were everywhere, like snowy piles of pink cotton. It covered the floor of the attic and bunched up along the sides in mounds dotted with smaller, darker spots of dirt.

"See," he said, giving her hand a comforting squeeze. "No ghosts."

With someone at her side, she had to admit that things seemed a lot more benign. "It...doesn't look so bad."

"I'm surprised no one has noticed this before. You ever had a pest guy come out?"

"No, why? Do I have bees?"

With his free hand, he pointed at one of the brown spots of dirt. "You see that? That's shit."

"It's what?" She asked, horrified. She pulled her hand free of his and grabbed the mag-lite from him, then shone it on one of the spots. Sure enough, now that she had a second look at it with a brighter light than the yellow bulb that hung down from the ceiling, it did look like a big nasty turd. "What the hell? What is pooping in my attic?"

"Unless you have a ghost with incontinence issues, my guess is possums."

"Possums?"

"Yep, and it looks like a lot of them."

"Possums," she repeated. That was...too simple an explanation. Surely it was more than that.

"You ever had any weird smells you couldn't figure out?"

She started to shake her head, then gasped. "When...when we first moved in, there was this god-awful smell like dead things. Braden kept saying it was the ghosts telling us about their presence."

"It was probably a dead possum in the walls somewhere."

"In the walls?" Her voice rose a bit. "You're kidding, right?" She'd heard noises in the walls once or twice, but she'd never guessed...and Braden had always filled her head with stories of spirits attempting to send them a message...

God, either she was a huge idiot, or Braden was. Or both.

"I'm guessing there's a few of them in the walls," he said, tapping one of the beams overhead with his hand. "Especially in these old houses. I've seen it before. That's why when I saw the droppings, I figured that's what's making your ghost noises. Never seen a ghost in an old house, but I have seen lots of rodents."

"And that's possum poop," she asked. "You're sure of it."

"Pretty sure. If you've got a stick, we could always go poking around in some of these tufts to see where they've buried themselves. They bite, though. And some carry rabies."

Emily shuddered. "How do I get rid of them?"

"Pest service, I imagine. I know a guy. I can call him in the morning."

"So...possums." It couldn't be that simple, could it? "Not ghosts?"

"I'm not saying you don't have ghosts," Jericho said with a slow smile. "But your attic noises are probably caused by these guys running around at night. I'm pretty sure they're nocturnal."

She stared up at him, then around her attic. Possums. Something she could easily have removed. The evidence of rodents was all around her - poop was sprinkled liberally amongst the insulation puffs. How no one else had picked up on it before now, she didn't know. Even as she shone her flashlight around, one of the piles shifted and she gasped.

"That's probably one of the culprits right there," Jericho said, pointing. "Want me to try and flush him out so you can see him and know for sure that it's possums?"

She shook her head. "No, it's okay. I believe you."

"You'll probably want to get all the feces out of here, too. It's unhealthy and will probably attract others."

Emily wrinkled her nose. "I believe you. I've seen enough poop for now, thanks."

"Want to go downstairs then?"

She nodded and was surprised - and pleased - when he offered her his hand again. They went back downstairs and paused in front of Emily's bedroom door. She looked in her room, the blankets still mussed and trailing over the side of the bed.

"I can't believe it's something so easy," she murmured. "Possums. I can take care of possums."

Jericho pushed his messy dark hair off of his forehead. "Kinda glad it wasn't ghosts. I don't know what I'd have done if I'd seen Casper up there."

She laughed and wrapped both of her arms around one of his, hugging him. "This is the best news I've had in years. I could just kiss you."

The look in his eyes grew interested. With his free hand, he reached up and caressed her cheek with the backs of his fingers. "So...why don't you?"

CHAPTER FOUR

Jericho gazed down at Emily - pretty, flushed, tousled Emily in her pajamas and ratty night robe. Maybe he was being a bit forward, but he wanted to see how she reacted. Because he was extremely distracted by her presence. And maybe three in the morning wasn't the right time to hit on her, and maybe post-poop viewing wasn't putting her in the mood, but damn.

With an opening like that, he just had to take it.

His fingers stroked her cheek again and he watched her consider, her gaze darting over his face. Then, slowly, she leaned forward and tilted her head back, inviting him to kiss her after all.

He knew an invitation when he saw one. Jericho pulled her against him and lowered his mouth to hers. Emily was a bit shorter than most of the girls he dated, but not uncomfortably so. Just made her seem a bit more fragile. Her mouth was soft and warm under his own, her lips as plush as he'd imagined. And that soft, sweet mouth parted under his lips, and her tongue greeted his.

Lust roared through him, hot and heavy. He deepened the kiss, his mouth moving over hers in a possessive but coaxing manner. It didn't matter that they were both in their pajamas, hair messy. To him, she was the sexiest woman in the world at the moment, because of the way her tongue flicked against his own in a small, silent encouragement.

And that was all he needed. His hand moved to her wild hair and wrapped in her blonde curls, holding her pinned against him as he made the kiss more urgent, more demanding.

She whimpered low in her throat.

He broke the kiss, giving her mouth a long, slow lick before pulling away. "Can I keep kissing you, Emily?"

She nodded.

"You sure?" He didn't want to pressure her, and her previous words about not being ready to date were still uncomfortably fresh in his mind.

Her eyes closed and she leaned in just a little more, her fingers digging into his jacket. "I'll be pissed if you don't."

"Well, I don't want that," he murmured. His mouth closed over hers again, coaxing her to open for him. But this time it was her tongue that pushed into his mouth, and her demands that led the kiss. Her passion took over, and then it was Emily who was kissing him, her mouth moving hungrily over his, her tongue dipping and flicking against his own.

And...damn, but the woman could kiss. Jericho found himself fighting back a groan of pure lust. There was nothing better than when a pretty woman could kiss like a f**king demon, and Emily Allard-Smith definitely could.

"Want. To. Move. To. Bedroom?" She asked, punctuating each word with a fervent little kiss.

"You sure?"

Her fingers tore at his jacket, dragging it off his shoulders. "Quit asking me if I'm sure. I'm an adult. I'm allowed to have irresponsible sex with a tattooed man."

"It's responsible if we use condoms," he told her, kissing her neck and steering her toward the closest doorway.

"Then I'm definitely allowed to have responsible sex," she said breathlessly. "Come on." She grabbed the leather of his jacket and began to drag him across the hall, toward what he assumed was her room.

"Sounds good to me." He shrugged out of his jacket as she led him in, and tossed it on the floor as they moved together toward her bed.

Emily's room was the opposite of how he'd expected it to look. She was so conservative in her clothing that he'd expected a lot of beige and boring. This room was anything but. The walls were burgundy, the decor plush. There was a crazy octagonal theme to things - even her picture frames were octagons - and her bed was this massive circle with a big stuffed headboard.

In short, it looked like a rather naughty boudoir.

He liked that, a lot. And he especially liked the look of that big, decadent bed. "Now that's going to be amazing to f**k in," he said, eyeing it. "Hot damn."

"I wouldn't know," she told him, and kissed at the base of his neck, where his skin was exposed. "I bought it post-divorce."

"So we're going to break it in together? Excellent."

She laughed. "I guess we are."

"Can I do the honors?" He asked her, pulling at the tie of her terry bathrobe. It wasn't the sexiest thing - rather frumpy, actually - but it still made him hard. Just picturing her underneath the layers of clothing was making his dick like iron.

Emily nodded and lifted her arms above her head to give him access to her clothing.

He tugged at one side of the belt and the entire knot came loose. The front fell open, showing flannel pajamas underneath.

She put her hands to her face and made an embarrassed noise. "God, this has to be the lamest seduction outfit ever."

"Well, it's not like you were expecting company," he said, and had her lower her arms so he could finish pulling it off. The robe fell to the ground in a pool of terry cloth, and he began to work on her pajamas. He undid the first button at the top of her top, revealing a bit more of her neck and some cle**age. Rather impressive cle**age, he had to admit. Emily hid a lot under her clothing. Jericho ran a finger down the bared skin. He felt a slight tremor move through her. "Shall I go on?"

"Please do," she murmured. "I'm not scared. At least, not of you. Of ghosts, yes," she said wryly. "I'm just...a little sensitive. It's been a while for me."

"Sensitive, huh? That sounds interesting." Interesting, as in, his dick was f**king hard as a rock just thinking about that little shiver. He could see her ni**les pebbling under her pajama top and wanted to take them into his mouth. Soon.

She was watching him with wide eyes, her gaze on his face as he undid the next button.

More cle**age came into view, offering him a tantalizing glimpse of what lay underneath. He brushed aside the fabric, revealing her br**sts. They were soft and full, with plump rosy ni**les at the tip of each. Not perky - they were too large for that - but delicious all the same. He savored the look of them as he continued to slowly undo the buttons on her top, noting that her breathing was increasing with anticipation. Hell, his was too, and his normally loose sleep pants were growing tight around the groin. If his dick grew any harder, it'd start poking her in the stomach.

At last, the damn buttons were done. Emily hadn't said a word as he worked on undressing her, just stood there, silent and utterly still. "You know," he said as he brushed the fabric off her shoulders. "For someone that says they're not scared, you're sure quiet."

"Just thinking," she said softly.

Well now, any time a woman was thinking while a man undressed her wasn't a good thing. "About?"

A flush stained her cheeks. "If you're tattooed or pierced anywhere that might surprise me."

So she was picturing him naked? Well, well, well. "Got some more tats but no surprising piercings. Don't want anything that punches a hole getting near my junk."

She giggled, the sound surprisingly shy.

"That disappoint you? That my dick doesn't have as many ornaments as a Christmas tree?"

"Of course not! I was just, you know, wondering."

"If I get one, you'll be the first person I show, deal?"

Emily laughed again. "Deal."

At least she no longer had that uncomfortable look on her face. Her eyes were dancing with merriment, the liveliness back in her expression.

He wanted to keep that look there. So he kissed her again, pulling her against him until her bare br**sts brushed against his shirt. And goddamn, he could feel her hard, tight little ni**les through the fabric of his clothing, and it made him ache all the more. "God, you're pretty."

She smiled up at him, her eyes closed, and pressed her br**sts against his chest. "You feel nice. Real nice. Hard in all the right places." Her hand slid along his shoulder.

"I'll show you all my hard places as soon as we get these pajama bottoms off of you," he murmured.

Emily grinned again and pulled one of his hands to the waist of her pants. "Let's get to it, then, shall we?"

That was all the incentive he needed. Both of his hands went to her flannel pajamas and he shoved them down her hips. She wore a pair of cute polka-dotted cotton panties underneath that clung to her curves just right. Nothing ultra-sexy, but clean and sweet and pretty...and still made him long to strip them off of her. Emily could probably wear nothing but a towel and he'd think she was a goddess.

Her hands dragged over his chest, clawing at his shirt, and even as he pushed at her panties and lowered them down her hips, she found his ni**les and flicked her fingertips over them through the material of his shirt. A jolt raced through his body at that.

"Do you like to be touched here?" she asked, rubbing her fingers on those twin sensitive spots.

"I like it anywhere you touch me."

"Mmm." She slid a hand down his front and cupped his aching cock. "Good to hear."

He groaned and dragged her against him, pulling her toward the bed. Her clothes were around her knees. "That's close enough."

Emily giggled as he picked her up and she twined her arms around his neck, kissing his jaw, his neck, anywhere she could reach. When he set her on the edge of the bed, she kicked her legs, sending the rest of her clothes skittering across the wooden floor. Then she was na**d and soft and all his.

"Are you going to get undressed?" She asked him, tilting her head a little. "Or am I the only one that gets to be naked?"

"Hell no," he said. "If my pants get any tighter, I'm going to start losing circulation."

She giggled again and put her hands on his belt, tugging him toward her. "Poor baby. Let me help with that." Her fingers expertly worked on the tie to his sleep pants. With quick hands, she pushed the soft fabric down his h*ps and his briefs followed behind. She wiggled her eyebrows at him and stood up, tugging his shirt over his head in such a way that her br**sts rubbed up and down his chest with her movements.

He groaned at the feel of her skin against his. "Tease."

"It's only a tease if there's no prize at the end. If there is, it's not teasing, just anticipation."

Damn, she was a sexy little flirt. He liked that. Jericho let the rest of his clothing drop to the floor with hers and kicked it aside. Then they were both naked, and her hungry gaze moved over him, her hands skating along the planes of his stomach, following his tattoos. "Wow."

"You like?"

"I like," she breathed, her fingers dancing across the tribal covering his shoulder. "This must have taken forever."

"I'm a patient man. I like to take my time if I know the reward at the end is going to be worth it." With that, he grabbed her by the h*ps and pushed her backward onto her big, circular bed. "Shall I show you?"

She nodded, her eyes wide, and she looked damn sultry underneath him with her br**sts shivering with her movements, her blonde hair curling around her head. His Emily was sensitive because she hadn't had sex in a while, eh? He wondered just how sensitive she was.

His hands went to her thighs and he pushed them apart, spreading them wide on the bed and pushing her knees forward until they almost hit her shoulders. He watched her face pinken a little at the vulnerable position, but she didn't push him away.

And damn, she was gorgeous like this. The lips of her sex were revealed to him, all plump and pink, surrounded by blonde curls darker than the ones on her head. Her pu**y was perfect - slick with desire and waiting for his touch.

Jericho took two fingers and brushed them down the wet seam of her, watching her reaction. Her entire body seemed to shiver in response, making those gorgeous br**sts of hers shake. A low moan escaped her throat.

"Sensitive?" He asked again.

Her hands moved over her head and she clenched at the bedcovers. "God, yes."

"Want me to help you take the edge off?" He bent low, his fingers gliding back and forth in her slickness. Her h*ps rose with every touch of his fingers, and he moved his mouth to the apex of her hips, right above those sweet curls. "I can make you come hard and come fast."

She shuddered underneath him, writhing. "Please."

"You got a vibe or you want me to use my tongue?" He really wanted to use his tongue, but the thought of Emily squirming on the end of a vibrator had its own appeal.

She shook her head. "No. My ex didn't like it that I came harder with those than with him."

"Clearly he was doing something wrong then," Jericho said, and slid his paired fingers deep inside her warmth.

Emily groaned and nearly came off the bed, her h*ps rising to meet the thrust of his fingers. "Oh dear God. Your fingers!"

Damn. She wasn't sensitive, she was on f**king fire. He thrust his fingers deep again, and when she quivered around him, he pushed his face against her pu**y, his tongue seeking her clit. He found it, poking out with need, and began to lick circles around it, tracing the hood with his tongue.

Emily screamed.

He looked up, startled, just in time to see her clap her hands over her mouth.

"Sorry," she whispered. "I think I just got a little carried away."

"Don't apologize," he said, bending over her pu**y again. "I like hearing you scream. In fact, I'm going to see if I can do it again." He pressed his mouth to her hot, wet skin again, and began to lick the lips of her pu**y slowly, decadently.

Above him, Emily gave a muffled groan, as if she was biting on her knuckles.

He didn't let up, didn't even look up to see her reaction. He knew it based on how wet she was, the quivers of her thighs that rocked through her with every flick of tongue, the way she clenched around him every time he thrust his fingers. She was reacting, all right. But she wasn't screaming, and he wanted that again. Who knew that sweet, demure, cookie-making Emily was such a demon in bed?

Jericho thrust his fingers deep again and scissored them even as he began to suck hard on her clit. That elicited another small scream from her. Encouraged, he repeated the motion, and then began to increase his pace. Emily's scream got louder, and by the time she came nearly a full minute later, she was clinging to his head and crying out his name at the top of her lungs.

And damn, that was some seriously gratifying shit. He continued to pump his fingers in and out of her as she came, her pu**y clenching around his fingers with the ripples of her orgasm. She panted like she'd been running, clinging to his shoulders. "Oh. Sweet. Heavens." She wheezed. "Damn. You're good at that, Jericho. I think my walls just came tumbling down."

"That was the worst pun ever," he told her. The worst, but f**king cute as hell. He moved up to kiss her, settling his aching c**k against the cradle of her pu**y in a sweet torment. She clung to his lips, moaning even as he kissed her, and her legs went around his waist. "That take the edge off a little?"

"Think it made it worse," she breathed. "I think I'm still coming."

"You are?" He slid a hand between them, past his fiercely aching cock, to brush against her cl*t again. He watched as she threw her head back and cried out, and he felt her shudder against him again. "You are seriously primed, Emily."

"Oh God, I am," she said, clinging to him. "I think I just need you to f**k me, Jericho."

The way she said his name was incredibly sexy. Damn sexy. That, on top of her demanding that he f**k her? All his plans of a slow, thorough, hours-long sex session went out the window. He pressed another quick kiss to her mouth and detangled from her limbs, heading for his discarded jacket. He got out his condom and rolled it on his cock, and then returned to Emily, who accepted him with open arms and an eager mouth.

"You're so beautiful, Emily," he whispered against her mouth, then captured her lips in a long, thorough, possessive kiss that told her exactly what he planned on doing to her. She whimpered under his mouth and her arms went around his neck, one of her bare feet rubbing along his thigh.

"Fuck me, Jericho," she murmured in the sexiest damn voice he'd ever heard.

He didn't need any more persuading. With a movement of his hips, he thrust deep, and then he was inside her tight, hot warmth. She screamed again, clawing at his back. This time, when she clenched, he felt it around his cock, not just his fingers. And she felt amazing.

"Jericho," she cried out, throwing her head back as he thrust again. "You're killing me!"

"Want...me...to stop?" He punctuated each word with a rough thrust.

"Don't stop," she babbled. "Lord have mercy, don't stop! I'm still coming!" Her fingers dug into his shoulders even harder, and she lifted her h*ps to meet his next push, and soon they were slamming together, and he was as rough with Emily as she was with him. Over and over he pumped into her, holding nothing back as she yelled out his name and quivered against him, and her pu**y was so tight it felt like a vise around his cock. If she was having an orgasm, she was either having lots of small ones or one really big one that just kept on going.

Either way, it was f**king amazing to watch. And it was causing him to lose his control, too. He pulled out of her when he got too close to blowing it,and she moaned in dismay. Instead, he patted her flank. "Flip over for me, sugar."

She made a soft, protesting noise, but turned over and got on her hands and knees. He immediately tugged at her hips, lifting them higher, and pushed into her again from behind.

Emily moaned loudly, her head dropping to the blankets. Her hands fisted in them, as if she couldn't handle all the pleasure.

And damn, he loved seeing that. His hands splayed on her pale hips, admiring the smooth, unmarked flesh compared to his heavily tattooed, tanned skin. They were completely different kinds of people, but Emily was perfect for him in bed. He rocked his hips, and began a different rhythm of strokes, working her over. Her br**sts bounced with each thrust, the globes pressing against the bed sheets as he pumped into her, and she continued to moan and raise her h*ps for him, unable to get enough.

Insatiable - that was Emily.

She was incredible. With his hands on her pretty, round ass, he began to leisurely thrust into her again, their bodies moving in a rhythm that created delicious friction. As he f**ked her, she continued to make small noises and clutch at the bed sheets, wild with need. He'd never f**ked anyone who went so wild at his touch - and it was hell on his control. His thrusts got rougher, his movements faster, until he was pounding into her, Emily's sweet pink ass jiggling from the force of his c**k slamming into her, and still she cried out for more.

When they finally came - together - he felt as wrung out as she looked. With one last fierce thrust into her, he rocked his h*ps and let loose even as she jerked and shivered underneath him, crying out his name. He'd never come so f**king hard. With a long, weary exhale, he finished coming and pulled off of her.

She immediately collapsed in the bed. "I'm jelly," she said softly. "You turned me into Jell-O."

He chuckled as he moved to a nearby garbage can and peeled off his full condom, then wrapped it in tissue and chucked it in the trash. "You put up a good fight."

"Mmmm. It was really good, wasn't it?" Her voice went all dreamy. "Wow. Jericho, that was amazing."

"You weren't so bad yourself," he said, hesitating. Did he crawl back into bed with her? Or was Emily the type that just wanted him to go away after she'd been f**ked? They didn't have a relationship bond of any kind - not really. They were just two friendly strangers who decided to get their rocks off after having one date. And even that date hadn't gone particularly well.

Emily sat up in bed, looking over at him through a nest of well-fucked curls. "Are you leaving?"

"Did you...want me to?"

She shook her head and patted the bed next to her. "Can we cuddle?"

"Do I look like a cuddler?" He asked, amused, but he climbed back into bed next to her.

"As a matter of fact, you do," she said, snuggling up against his chest when he got into bed. "Every time I see tattoos, I think, gosh, that man needs a cuddle."

He snorted. "Your definition of cuddle must be different than mine."

"Mmm. Maybe just parts of you need cuddling." And incredibly, her hand went to his softening c**k and she gave it an interested stroke. "I can think of one particular part."

He lay back on the tangled sheets, a bit surprised at Emily's voraciousness. "Have mercy, woman. Give him a few minutes to recover."

She swung a leg over his h*ps and began to rock her pu**y against him slowly, a mischievous look on her face. "How about I do all the work this time?"

Turns out, Emily's version of cuddling was rather different than his.

Seemed he was a cuddler after all.

The next morning, Jericho woke up to tangled sheets and an empty bed.

He sat up, his legs a little stiff. Okay, that was surprising. It had been a long time since a woman had worn him out so thoroughly in bed, but Emily was damned near insatiable. They'd made love at least four more times throughout the rest of the night, and he'd run out of condoms and had to use her supply. And when they ran out of those, she'd gone down on her knees and pleasured him with her mouth, simply because she didn't want the fun to stop.

She was pretty damn amazing, all in all.

Jericho dressed in his wrinkled clothes, noticing that Emily's robe was no longer on the floor. He headed down the narrow stairs of the old Victorian and heard the sound of something sizzling in the kitchen, just before he caught the scent of bacon.

His mouth watered. Bacon. She'd f**ked him until he'd passed out last night and now she was making him bacon? The woman was diabolical.

Jericho rounded a corner to see Emily in the kitchen at the stove, dressed in her fluffy robe. Her hair was messily pulled into a clip and she was barefoot, humming as she scraped something onto a nearby plate.

"Hey," he said as he headed into the kitchen.

Emily jumped, turning around. She had a skillet in one hand, a spatula in the other, and her face lit up at the sight of him. "Hey you! I was just making breakfast. Are you hungry?"

He rubbed the back of his head, feeling a little uncomfortable. He was never good with morning-afters. Most of his hook-ups were just that, and it usually involved grabbing your things and heading out before things got awkward for either person. "You sure you want me to stick around?"

She pointed at one of the barstools at her breakfast bar with the spatula. "Sit. Eat. I like having someone to cook for."

He sat, rubbing his hands on the thighs of his jeans. "Thanks."

"You like your eggs over easy? Medium? Omelet? French toast?"

He rubbed his jaw. "Only way I've ever had them are scrambled with lots of ketchup on them to kill the taste."

She wrinkled her nose. "What did your mom make you for breakfast when you were a kid?"

He felt his mouth curving into a wry smile. "Brownies?"

Emily's brows pulled together as she considered that. "I guess that's not so bad-"

"Pot brownies."

Her eyes widened. She put down the skillet. "Do you mean to tell me that your mother never cooked anything for you but pot brownies?"

"Despite having two kids, my mother was not very domestic," he said, watching as she picked up the big cast-iron skillet again. "I guess that's why this makes me...nervous."

"Nervous? How so?"

He rubbed his jaw, feeling acutely uncomfortable. This is the part where girls normally freaked out. "Feels kinda...happy homemaker? I'm not used to getting more than a door hitting my ass on the way out."

Emily snorted and turned back to her cooking. "Would it make you feel better if I ran you off?"

It might have. Jericho rubbed the back of his neck, unsure of what to say. He'd just met Emily, really. Sure, they had good sex - okay, amazing sex - but weren't they moving a little fast for the whole 'making you breakfast' thing?

"I'm going to make you a chorizo omelet," Emily said, pulling out cheese, tomatoes and something that looked like ground beef. "You'll like it. As for feeling weird about eating my food? I'm not looking for husband number two, just so you know."

He relaxed a bit at that and picked up his coffee cup. Maybe they were on the same page after all.

"Some people do crosswords," she said, putting aside her skillet. The bacon smelled amazing, sizzling on the stove, and he had to admit his mouth watered thinking about it. His breakfasts normally came from a greasy spoon diner and were usually kind of disgusting. "Some people scrapbook. I like to feed people."

"Mom complex?"

She gave him a look. "I can't cook for someone without them thinking I want a husband, a dog, and two point five children? Look. I just like to cook. I really love to bake. It relaxes me. And when I don't have anyone to cook for, I cook for others." She turned and checked a clock behind her, and then hurried to the fridge. "Which reminds me...I need to make zucchini muffins today."

"Zucchini...muffins?"

"The mayor's wife is on a health food kick," Emily said, tossing a few zucchini on the counter and then grabbing a nearby bowl and beating the eggs she'd cracked as if she was running a short order kitchen. "And she asked me to make some for her. Naturally I said yes. I owe her for pushing through the zoning change for my parking lot." She smiled over at him, busy, but clearly in her element. "Do you like zucchini muffins?"

"I...have no idea."

"Then stick around. I'll give you a few."

He did. He stuck around through breakfast, which was easily the most incredible thing he'd ever eaten. His chorizo omelet was spicy and full of cheese, the eggs so fluffy that they seemed to float off the plate. The bacon was crisp perfection, the home fries tasty, and the coffee delicious. Emily chatted as she cooked and pushed things in and out of the oven, and Jericho found himself staying for a second cup of coffee and a few of the zucchini muffins. They were just as delicious as everything else, and the company was great. She talked about her changes to the old Victorian, and he found himself making suggestions and growing enthusiastic about the improvements she could make on the place. He'd once dreamed of flipping houses, but that dream had gotten lost somewhere along the way. Talking with Emily reminded him of it.

When it came time for him to leave, he did so, reluctantly. "I need to get dressed. Got an appointment I need to be heading off to."

"Of course," she said, and began to immediately prepare him a meal and a thermos of coffee.

He protested. "You don't have to do that-"

She waved off his concerns. "It's the least I can do since you fixed my problem for me."

"Oversensitivity?"

Her face flushed a bright red. "The possums."

Jericho found himself grinning at her. "That, too."

She held the lunch out to him, and when he reached to take it, she snatched it back. "Before you get all weird on me, I just want you to know that what happened between us didn't mean anything. Like I said, I'm not looking for another husband. We can be friends...with benefits. But I'm not looking for more, okay?"

"Okay," he agreed. He didn't know whether to be amused at Emily's firm declarations that she didn't want a relationship with him or a little stung by it. He decided to go with amused. "So can I see you again?"

Her smile widened. "Absolutely."

And she sent him on his way with a kiss that made him regret having appointments after all.

Over the next few weeks, Emily and Jericho became very 'close' friends...with lots of benefits.

Okay, so they were screwing. That was the impolite way to put it, Emily figured, but it was apt.

They weren't really dating. Not really. Sure, they had dinner together and worked on projects, and she hired him to fix a leaky faucet. When he rented a DVD he'd swing by and ask if she wanted to see it, and they'd end up on her couch together.

And sometimes on the floor together. And in the shower together.

It was fine, really. It was all perfectly casual. No one was pressuring anyone, and that was how Emily liked it. She liked knowing that if she wanted to have some (filthy, nasty, explosive) sex, Jericho was just a phone call away. He knew if he needed a sandwich or a buddy to hang out with, Emily was there for him. Emily wasn't sure what to call their relationship.

'Fun' was the word that came to mind, though.

She didn't know if they were exclusive. She doubted it. Exclusive was one of those words you tossed around when you were in a 'real' relationship and Emily wasn't sure she was ready for one of those. She was exclusive purely because, well, she wasn't interested in sleeping with anyone else. Exactly how Jericho felt, she had no idea. But she didn't want to push things because frankly, she wasn't too good at being settled down.

Evidence? Her first marriage, when her husband had to choose between his young, reasonably attractive wife and a bunch of dead ghosts, and he'd chosen the ghosts. So yeah, she was perfectly happy with holding Jericho at arms' length and then just making out like bunnies when it was convenient for their schedules.

Making out like bunnies still had its charm.

The Peppermint House was rather quiet lately. The biggest excitement she'd had was when one of Jericho's friends showed up with a bunch of trapping cages to get rid of her possum problem. That had been an interesting day, but things were taken care of and she paid for new insulation to be blown since the old insulation was covered in poop.

And since the possums had been removed from her attic (nine nests! nine!), things had gotten quiet. Jericho had fixed the wiring for the lighting and it no longer flickered. Between that and the possums now gone, her home felt normal.

No ghosts...but also no tenants. Her last live in, Elise Markham, had moved in with none other than Jericho's brother, the aptly named Rome, who was even more pierced and tatted (if it was to be believed) than her tall, sexy Jericho was. Elise seemed deliriously happy, and if it meant that Emily had a lot of nights in which she could just curl up on the couch with Jericho, then it wasn't so bad not having any tenants at the moment.

She'd just bake for the police and fire stations, and give the extras to Jericho and his work buddies, who had taken to showing up for lunches. She didn't mind - the more mouths to feed, the happier she was. She loved to show off her baking skills, and the plumbers, handymen, and contractors that had started coming around were an extremely appreciative audience...as was Jericho. She still got flushed over the looks he gave her when he bit into an oatmeal raisin cookie.

Really, life was pretty amazing at the moment. Emily was happy. She had no ghosts, a sexy man that gave her incredible orgasms, and enough money in the bank to fiddle around with more improvements for the Peppermint House. She couldn't complain.

Which meant shit was bound to hit the fan at some point, right?

Emily was elbow-deep in kolache dough - the fruit strudel kind - when the doorbell rang. Maybe Jericho was coming over early? She looked at the clock. Four in the afternoon. The last time Jericho had come over this early, he'd had a cancelled appointment. They'd fallen into bed for hours. That had been an incredible day, and Emily's cheeks felt a little flushed just thinking about it. She called out "Just a minute" and ran to the sink, washing her hands clean and wiping them on her apron. She checked her hair in the reflection of the stained glass window above the sink, but all it told her was that yes, she still had a face. With a pat to her hair, she headed out of the kitchen and into the foyer. It wasn't Jericho, then, if no one was coming inside. Maybe it was a customer stopping through town that needed a place for the night-

She opened the door with a welcoming smile on her face, and was stunned at the person standing there.

Her ex.

"Hey, baby," Braden Smith gave her a disarmingly white smile. "Good to see you."

As she stood there like a dumbstruck idiot, Braden leaned in and gave her a kiss on the cheek, then pushed his way inside. "House looks good. You've been working hard."

"I...Braden, what are you doing here?" She followed him as he began to stroll through the house - her house - as if he were assessing it as a potential property. "I didn't know you were in town. You didn't call or anything-"

"I figured I'd stop by, help you out." He gave her another megawatt smile. "Don't you worry anymore, baby. I'm here with my team, and we're going to investigate things for you."

"Investigate...?" Something clicked in her mind and she ran back to the front door, opening it up to gaze outside. Sure enough, several black vans with splashy SPOOKY SQUAD logos were parked on the fire lane. Several people in matching black shirts were unloading equipment.

Emily moaned. This was her worst nightmare come to life.

"So, any activity lately?" Braden asked, heading into her kitchen as if he still lived in the damn place. "Or did burning the sage work?"

"Burning sage? What? No, I didn't do anything with sage. I don't have ghosts. Braden, what are you doing here with all these people?" Emily shut the door and followed him as he wandered through the house with some sort of gadget in hand.

"We're going to need to stage the area," he said, as if she wasn't speaking. "I'm going to have some of the guys come in and move some of the furniture into the living room. Do you have any really old fashioned pieces? Maybe a big grandfather clock? Those always look good in a set."

"This isn't a set! This is my house," Emily said. "And it's not haunted!"

"Baby, baby, come on." Braden finally turned to her and put an arm around her shoulders, giving her an affectionate squeeze. "I know you don't want to be on TV, but I'm telling you, we're professionals and we're here to help." He paused. "Plus, we had a cancellation in our schedule so coming here works out perfectly."

"I don't want to be on TV." She didn't want to be infamous. Not in the slightest. And she sure didn't want more ghost-hunting nuts stopping by her now-quiet house at every hour.

"We can blur this pretty little face of yours," he said, tapping the tip of her nose with his finger like he used to when they were married. The tenderness - and the sheer gall of it - confused her.

She pushed his hand away. "Braden, you're not answering me. What are you doing here?"

He gave her a confused look. "Didn't you want my help? You called me."

"I called you weeks ago," she reminded him. "And you were too busy to help me."

"And now I'm not," he said, beaming at her. "You look good, Emily. Real good."

"I don't have ghosts, Braden. I'm fine. Really."

He gave her a sympathetic look. "It's going to be okay, baby. I'm here and I'll take care of things."

Yes, but where were you when I needed you all those times before? She wanted to shout, but said nothing. Arguing with Braden was useless. When they were married, they liked to joke that he had 'selective' hearing - he only heard what he'd wanted to. Now that they were divorced, it wasn't quite so cute. In fact, it was pretty infuriating. Helpless, Emily trailed behind Braden as he continued to hold up his little meter.

"I'm getting a low grade EMF reading in the living room," he told her. "Is this where the recent activity has been?"

"No," she said for what felt like the dozenth time. "Braden, please-"

Someone knocked at the front door, saving Emily from another pointless argument. With one last exasperated look at her ex, she headed to the front door, sure that a fleet of Spooky Squad tech guys were going to flood their way into her house.

But before she could reach the door, it opened, and in walked Jericho, his head newly shaved on the sides and his mohawk floppy and pulled into a ponytail at the back of his head. He liked to wear his mohawk, but he knew that Emily didn't like running her fingers through all the wax that it required to stiffen it, so when he was coming over with the intent to have sex, his hair tended to be soft and loose.

As it was right now.

And the sight of it filled her with as much arousal as it did dread, because her stupid ex was here mucking up the works.

"Jericho," Emily said, heading forward to his side. "I wasn't expecting you."

"Thought I'd drop by today and see how you were," he said, pulling her against him as if about to kiss her. His mouth pressed against the side of her face, tickling her with a light kiss at her temple. "You busy? Am I bothering you?"

"You're never a bother," she said softly, not leaving his arms. Not yet. "I just don't know that-"

"The EMF is higher in this room," Braden said, walking back into the foyer and pointing the meter-reader-thingie toward her stairwell. "Maybe it's something upstairs. I-" He paused and looked at Jericho and Emily, wrapped up in each other's embrace. He blinked, a hint of a frown on his handsome features. "I don't think we've met. I'm Braden Smith of Spooky Squad," he said, recovering and sticking his hand out toward Jericho.

"This is my...friend Jericho," Emily butted in quickly, stepping out of Jericho's arms. "He comes over to help me with the house sometimes."

"I'll bet," Braden said casually.

Damn it, why did Braden make her feel dirty about her friendship with Jericho? It was none of Braden's business who she was sleeping with. He'd left her because he didn't want to give up his stupid television show. He didn't have any right to judge her life.

"I thought I'd check on that leaky faucet on the second floor," Jericho said to Emily, ignoring Braden. "Maybe stick around for lunch if you'd have me."

"Of course I would," she said, trying to keep the blush off of her face. Normally lunch turned into sex, but she doubted that was going to happen with her ex hovering. She'd half expected Jericho to run off at the sight of Braden, but to her surprise, he was sticking around. As his hand went on her shoulder again and he gave her another squeeze, she wondered exactly what that meant.

Was he staking his claim on her in front of Braden? Or did he just not care if her ex was around to see them make out?

Either way, it was a little awkward for her. Okay, a lot.

Upstairs and alone with a dripping faucet, Jericho seethed. It shouldn't have f**king bothered him to see Emily's ex, but it did. After all, he and Emily weren't officially dating, right? They were just screwing. She'd told Jericho repeatedly that she wasn't looking for Husband Number Two, and that had suited him just fine.

Until today, because he'd looked at the smug face of that bastard and wondered if Emily didn't want Number Two because she was still hung up on Number One.

And that was driving him f**king nuts.

It wasn't because he'd come over to get laid. Sure, he had - he couldn't stop thinking about Emily on a daily basis - but more than that, he'd come over because he genuinely liked Emily and liked being in her presence. He'd seen another old Victorian in the area earlier today and wanted to tell Emily all about how rusted the pipes had been and have a good laugh with her over the fact that one pipe had been so corroded it had pretty much crumbled in his hand. She'd appreciate his home improvement observations. She loved hearing his stories, and he loved telling her about his job. He was heading back over there after lunch, but hell, he'd just wanted to share his day with his girl.

He was coming to think of Emily as his girl, anyhow, even if she didn't want to be.

But seeing her ex back here f**ked everything up and it made Jericho territorial. He wanted to fling the bastard away from Emily and tell him to get the f**k out. Him and his stupid little ghost meter.

Luckily, the faucet was a quick fix - he got out his wrench, tightened everything, and the drip stopped. Emily normally dropped in while he was working to keep him company or to chat about her day. Maybe the old ex-husband was monopolizing her time.

Maybe Jericho should introduce him to one of his boots.

Not that he had a claim on Em. Damn it. He kept coming back to that, and it was starting to bother him. It was easy to say 'no big deal, we'll take things slow' when there was no competition. But now that the ex was back, that changed everything. Especially when Braden was all that Jericho was not. He had a big time job, a traditional haircut, a clean shaven face, shirts that buttoned down, and probably a savings or retirement plan. Jericho had his bike...and that was about it. He was probably the wrong kind of guy for Emily anyhow.

But he still wanted her. Pretty f**king bad, now that he thought about it.

So he slipped his wrench into one of the loops in his belt and began to head down the stairs. There were two staircases in Emily's house, and the main one was creaky and led to the front of the kitchen. On a whim, he went to the back staircase and headed down one of the side halls, knowing perfectly well that he was going to come around to the back of the kitchen, where he could hear Emily's voice as she talked to Braden.

"You still make those eclairs the way I like them?" Braden was asking, his voice casual and almost flirty.

"I haven't made eclairs since you left," Emily said in a flat voice. "Too much mess and far too much trouble. Most people are happy with cookies and whatever I make for them."

"You'd make them for me if I asked, though, wouldn't you?" His tone got persuasive, and Jericho resisted the urge to put a fist through the wall - or through Braden's face.

"No," said Emily flatly. "But you're welcome to use my kitchen to make them yourself. As many times as I've made them for you, you should know how they go."

Jericho grinned.

"I bet you bake for that weird guy with the tattoos, huh? What's his favorite?"

"It's none of your business, Braden-"

"Can I help it if I don't like seeing my beautiful wife all chummy with another guy when I come to visit her? When I've been missing her?"

"First of all, I'm not your wife anymore. And second, if you missed me so much, how come you've never come when I needed you? For that matter, how come you showed up with a camera crew even after I told you not to?" Her hands slammed on the counter with a soft thud, and Jericho guessed she was baking something; Emily liked to have her hands in dough when she was frustrated.

"That doesn't mean I don't miss you," Braden told her in a softer voice, and Jericho noticed he sidestepped all the questions Emily had lobbed at him. "And that doesn't mean that I don't worry when I see you slumming."

So sweet, pretty Emily was slumming by being with him? He'd take that. It wasn't like he'd never heard that sort of thing before.

"I'm not slumming, you dick," Emily said. "And I'm not with him. We're just...friends."

Jericho frowned, not liking the turn the conversation took. He leaned against the wall, arms crossed, and continued to eavesdrop.

"That hug he gave you was pretty friendly." Braden's voice was laden with sarcasm. "Can we be friends like that again?"

"Very funny," she said, pounding more dough. "It's none of your business what my relationship with Jericho is, but we're just casual. No one's staking claims to anyone else."

"Good," said Braden. "Because I don't know if I told you this, but I miss you."

The slapping of dough stopped. "That's twice you've said that."

"I mean it. I do miss you. And I was wondering if you and I could try again."

Silence. Jericho's fists tightened.

"I don't know if I want to try again," Emily admitted after a long, long moment. "I don't know that I can depend on you ever again. And goddamn it, Braden, you can't just waltz back in here after two years and try and stake your claim because someone else is marking your territory. I'm not a fire hydrant and I won't let you piss on me again."

Jericho's lips twitched at that.

"Just think about it, okay?" Braden asked. "All I want is-"

Enough of this wheedling bullshit. Jericho stepped out of the hall, letting his boots drag on the wooden floors as he sauntered into the kitchen. Both Emily and Braden got quiet as he entered the room, and he noticed there was a flush high on Emily's cheeks. He didn't know if she was upset or embarrassed.

"Fixed your leak," he drawled, patting his wrench. "Just needed some tightening."

"Thank you, J," Emily said softly. She had wisps of her blonde hair floating around her face and blew at one corner of her eye to move it. "I appreciate it."

"Don't think I'll stick around for lunch," he said, giving Braden a meaningful look. He noticed the man seemed to be hovering closer to Emily than before. Fucking little cocksucker ass**le.

"I...oh. Okay." Was that disappointment on her face? If it was, Emily hid it well. "Do you want me to pack you something?"

"Nah," he said, and he should have just turned and let things go. But he just couldn't. He strode forward and pushed past Braden, who was standing too close, and moved to Emily's side. He brushed that piece of hair off of her brow and tucked it behind her ear, then leaned in to whisper at her. "Can I pick you up at eight tonight, though? For some you and me time?"

"Sure," Emily breathed, looking up at him with that soft look that never ceased to make his dick hard.

"Great," he said, smiling at her. "I'll be back later, then."

"I'll listen for your bike."

He grinned at her, turned and gave Braden a back-the-fuck-off look, and then strolled out to the front of the house. Then, he decided that being the bigger man was f**king stupid. So he turned around, walked back into the house, and gave Emily a hard, possessive kiss. Right in front of her ex. Suck on that, Braden. With a wink at Emily, he turned and left again.

Even with his boots resonating on the wooden floors, he still heard Braden's disapproving snort. "Just friends, huh?"

Yeah, one way or another, Jericho was going to figure out where this was going with Emily tonight. Because he didn't believe that 'just friends' bullshit either.

It was time to figure out what they were. Or if they were anything at all.

CHAPTER FIVE

By the time eight rolled around that night, Emily was ready to run out of her house, screaming.

It wasn't anything big, of course. There were just a myriad of small things that were driving her up a wall.

Like Braden. He was being nice and polite and kind to her. He was also hovering and being a little possessive, and she didn't know how to take that.

He insisted that her house was likely still haunted, and her ghosts were 'dormant'. They just didn't like visitors, he told her. And when she pointed out that the lights no longer flickered because the wiring had been fixed, he gave her a pitying look. He pooh-poohed her suggestion of the opossums and how she hadn't heard any noises since.

His EMF meter, he said, was reading something, and therefore she still had ghosts. What Emily thought didn't matter. That was typical, she thought with annoyance. With Braden, it had never mattered what Emily thought.

And then there was his crew. When they'd started to set up cameras, she'd put her foot down and protested. No filming in her house. She didn't want to be on television. Braden had spent most of the afternoon trying to coax her into changing her mind, and when that hadn't worked, reminded her that his name was also on the mortgage documents and theoretically, it was his house, too. And when Emily got angry at that, he backed off and suggested that they film another house in the area instead, and they'd just rent rooms from Emily.

Which was fine, and she prepared three rooms for his six crew.

Except...every time she turned around, someone was hiding a tape recorder or setting up a camera tripod. She'd heard the excuse "just testing equipment" so many times that afternoon that she wanted to scream. She knew if she left for five minutes, they'd start filming.

And she didn't know what to do to stop it. So leaving tonight? Bad idea.

But if she cancelled on Jericho, he'd think she was choosing her ex over him.

And she really, really didn't want him to think that.

So she stewed and watched people hide cameras behind their backs when she walked into the room, and eventually retreated to her kitchen to bake until eight that night.

She baked oatmeal raisin cookies. She did not bake eclairs.

When the motorcycle roared outside, she was just pulling the last pan of baked goods out of the oven. She set it on a cooling rack, grabbed the bag of cookies she'd made for Jericho, and tore her apron off, heading for the front door.

Braden was there as she left. "Hey, Em, can we talk?"

Of all the timing... "Does it have to be right now?"

He stared down at the bag of cookies in her hand. "Is that for your 'friend'?"

"If it is, I don't see what business it is of yours." But she felt guilty all the same.

"Em, please." He moved forward, touched her arm, and then both of his hands were on her, the look on his face woebegone. "You know that guy's all wrong for you. I'm the one that's right for you."

"But you abandoned me," she said, heart hurting. Why was he making this so difficult?

"I just want a second chance. And you're not taken, so don't I deserve that second chance?"

She said nothing. After all, she wasn't taken, was she? The motorcycle's purr got louder, impatient. "I have to go," she told him. "I'll be home later."

"I'll be waiting."

She would have loved to hear that two years ago, when she'd been an afterthought to him. Now? It just annoyed her. Forcing a smile to her face, Emily headed out the door and toward the motorcycle waiting on her lawn.

"You okay?" Jericho asked, handing her his spare helmet.

"I'm not sure."

She put the bag of cookies in the seat compartment, then sat down and wrapped her arms around his chest, resting her cheek against his back.

"Don't you want to ask where we're going?" He sounded amused.

"Not really," Emily said. "Away from here works for me."

"Got it," he said, and pulled away.

They rode down the highway for a time, trees whizzing past. The night was full of stars and headlights, and Emily sank against Jericho's back and just relaxed, letting the night atmosphere take her away.

Maybe she wouldn't be so rattled by Braden's reappearance if she knew what was going on between her and Jericho.

She didn't realize she wanted more until Braden had asked her just what 'they' were. She'd almost said he was her boyfriend...and then stopped. Because he hadn't been interested in a relationship, had he? He'd made that clear the first time they'd slept together, and so she'd rattled on and on about how she wasn't really looking for a husband. At the time, she supposed she wasn't. Heck, she still wasn't.

After spending weeks with Jericho, she knew she didn't really want anyone else but him. But if things weren't going anywhere...maybe she should try again with Braden, her eyes open to his flaws.

She just didn't know. Why couldn't life be simple? Why couldn't the right guy want her for more than just great sex?

Eventually he pulled off the road at the lake, and parked next to a jeep. She raised her head and looked around, surprised. "Where are we going?"

"To the docks," he said, pulling off his helmet. "I thought it'd be a good place to sit and talk. That ok with you?"

She nodded and pulled off her own helmet, then grabbed the cookies.

To her surprise, he offered her his hand and she took it, letting him lead her out.

They walked down to the marina, and Emily's ears were filled with the night sounds of locusts and the lapping of water against the sides of the boats. Jericho led her down the creaky wooden dock until they got to the end of the fishing pier, and he gestured for her to sit down.

She did, dangling her legs over the side and watching her white sneakers move back and forth as she swung her feet.

There was a long, tense pause between them. Then, she spoke. "Why are we here?" Emily asked, curious. "I mean, the marina is nice and all but I didn't peg you for a nighttime fisherman."

"I'm not. I told you that I'm crashing with a few friends, right?"

She nodded.

"It started out as temporary but I'm coming on to six months now. I started paying them rent, which is kind of a joke considering all I do is show up and sleep on the couch." He laughed, but it was too dark to see if his smile was genuine. "I was saving up to figure out what I wanted to do, you know? Seemed silly to rent an apartment if I wasn't sure that the area could support a handyman-slash-plumber or if I'd have to pull up stakes. But I keep finding reasons to stay." He paused for a long moment, and then continued. "Anyhow, when I need to get away and think, I come here."

"Makes sense."

"And I kinda thought we'd come here because it seemed like you needed to get away. Unless I read things wrong." His hand was flat on the dock between them and she couldn't stop looking at it.

"Get away?" She echoed. "From the house?" She wished he'd hold her hand again.

"Yeah. With the ex and all. I guess I'm asking if you're ok. And if you are ok, did you want me to buzz off?"

Was she okay with things? Not really.

Did she want him to buzz off? Not at all.

And it was so unlike someone to notice how Emily was doing - Emily, who always tried to make everyone comfortable and well fed and kept a stiff upper lip no matter what - that she trembled. It wasn't that she was cold; it was like her body couldn't handle all the conflicting emotions inside it. She didn't know what to do, what to think - so she shook like a frightened puppy. Kind of sad, really.

"Here," Jericho said, and he shrugged off his leather jacket and then draped it around her shoulders, mistaking her shiver.

She wanted to correct him, but the jacket was warm and heavy and smelled like Jericho. So she burrowed deeper into it and gave a small sigh. "I should be able to handle all of this, shouldn't I?"

"I think it's natural to get emotional when you're around your ex." After a moment, he added, "It sounds like he misses you."

"It does sound like that, doesn't it?" Gosh, her voice was bitter. "But what it sounds like and what it really is are two different things. I learned that the hard way with Braden."

Jericho paused. "He said he wanted you back. That what you want?"

She swallowed hard, thinking. Trying to gauge his reaction. If she told him what she really wanted, would he run off and leave her? Could she handle being abandoned twice? "I think I'd really like for you to hold my hand again," she said in a small voice.

He reached over and took her hand in his. "That's easy enough to do." His thumb brushed against her palm, sending ticklish feelings up her nerve endings. "Better?"

"Yeah."

They sat there for a long, quiet moment, just holding hands and listening to the water. Then, Jericho broke the silence. "I know I'm not exactly a great catch. I'm the town outcast. A drifter, I guess. A bad boy. Not the kind of guy you bring home to Mom, you know? I have tattoos and piercings and I'm pretty much the only one in my family that hasn't spent time in prison. I don't have a place of my own yet. I really don't have a lot to offer a girl like you. Not like Braden."

She blinked. Looked over at him. Her fingers curled against his, squeezing his hand. "What do you mean, a girl like me?"

"I mean, I've never really dated anyone like you. Most of the chicks I've seen have been casual hook-ups. I feel like I'm not the right kind of guy for you because you're so pretty and sweet and you like to bake and do stuff around the house. I'm not used to that kind of girl."

He made her sound like the most boring woman on earth. "I'm sorry."

"No, don't be. I like it. I really do." This time he squeezed her hand, and she could have sworn he moved a little closer to her on the dock. "I just don't have much to offer that kind of girl. Braden's got a great job, and probably a college education, and savings, and shit like that."

"Yeah, Braden's just great on paper," she said, resentment clouding her voice. "But when I needed him, he took off to pursue his own ideas and left me to clean up the mess. You know what I want in a guy? Someone that loves me for who I am and sticks around to help me change the light bulbs. That's all that I ask."

He looked thoughtful. "I do change a mean light bulb."

A giggle escaped her.

"I guess I just have a hard time asking a girl to take a chance on me when I don't feel like I have much to offer."

She gaped. Just a little. "Not much to offer? Are you kidding? You're smart, you're funny, you're kind, you're good with your hands, you're great in bed, and you make me laugh and feel totally comfortable." This time, it was Emily that scooted a little closer. "And best of all, you are always there when I need you."

"Well," he said softly. "All right then."

She tilted her head back and gazed up at him. "You make me happy and you're there for me. I don't think a girl could ask for more."

"So...all that shit I said about us being casual? I lied. I don't want you seeing anyone but me."

"I don't want anyone but you," she whispered happily. "And I don't want you to see anyone but me."

"Emily Allard-Smith, ever since I met you, I haven't been able to see anyone but you."

"See, there you go again, always saying the right things," she said, snuggling up to him. He looped an arm around her shoulders and he felt so good, so very right. "And I'm pretty sure I'm going to go back to just Emily Allard. The 'Smith' part kind of gets on my nerves."

He laughed. "Me too. Me f**king too."

She grinned up at him.

Jericho smiled down at her and leaned in and lightly, ever so lightly, brushed his lips over her mouth. "You're pretty amazing, Emily Allard."

"You are too, Jericho Lozada," she said, and pushed in for more kisses, her arms going around his neck. The jacket slid off her back and pooled onto the dock, but she didn't care. The taste of Jericho, the feel of him, the scent of him, it enveloped her, and she was gloriously, deliriously happy. "So," she breathed against his mouth when they parted. "You ever made love on a dock?"

~~ * * *~~

They did, in fact, make love on the dock. It was tricky because they left most of their clothing on in case of splinters. It ended up being a lot of mutual mast***ation until Jericho shoved his pants down, pulled out a condom, and pushed Emily's panties aside and thrust into her. Then, Jericho had to keep muffling Emily's orgasmic shrieks with kisses, but they both managed to come until they were seeing stars - both literally and figuratively - and stagger back to his motorcycle an hour later.

Emily clung to Jericho, feeling lazy and wonderful, as he strapped the bike helmet under her chin. "I'd ask you to move in with me tonight, you know, but I feel like my house has been invaded by the Spooky Squad." She made an unhappy face.

He cupped her chin. "It's your house. You said you got it in the divorce, right? Make him leave. Unless you want me to make him leave."

"No, I can handle it," she said. "Unless you think it's too bitchy of me to throw out my ex and all his employees when I'm the only bed and breakfast in town?"

"Oh, it'd be bitchy," Jericho said with a laugh. "And it'd make me damn happy."

Come to think of it, it'd make her pretty happy, too. "My sister's dating a cop," she told him. "A really big one. Think I should call in a favor?"

"What else are all those brownies you bake for?" He leaned in and kissed her. "I'll support you whatever you want to do, you know. I'm here for you."

Happy tears filled her eyes. That was all she'd ever wanted - support and understanding. "I know. And I appreciate it more than you can ever imagine." She pulled out her cellphone and grimaced at the time. "I hope Luanne's working tonight or she's going to be super grumpy."

"I guess it doesn't have to be tonight," Jericho said thoughtfully. "You could always kick them out in the morning."

"Oh, it needs to be tonight," she assured him. "Or else they're going to film their stupid show. I just have a feeling." With that horrible thought running through her head, she pulled up Luanne's number and hit 'call'.

Luanne answered on the first ring. "I can see the Spooky Squad vans in front of your house, and I'd like to say just one thing. If you're calling me to tell me you've reconciled with That Man, as your sister, I love you and support you, but I'm not thrilled."

Emily giggled. "Actually, I was wondering if Hank was busy."

"Oh, he's out playing patrol cop. It's a quiet night. What's up?"

"I seem to have a lot of uninvited guests at my house."

Luanne made an excited squeal in the back of her throat. "Oh my God, can I please please please send him over to throw everyone out?"

"What are sisters for?"

Within an hour, Luanne had called Hank Sharp back from his patrol and sent him on to the Peppermint House, just in time for Emily and Jericho to pull up on Jericho's motorcycle.

She waved at Hank as she pulled her helmet off.

When he approached, Hank gestured at her now-dark house. "You sure you want to do this? All the lights are off. They might be asleep."

Emily looked at the Spooky Squad vans in her parking lot. "If I know my ex, they turned off the lights because they're having a taping session against my wishes. The dark makes things more dramatic, you know."

Hank adjusted the night stick on his belt. "All right. Want me to go in first?"

Emily shook her head and smiled at Jericho. "No, that's my job."

She went up the porch steps and pushed open her front door...and nearly tripped on a tangle of extension cords that crossed the threshold. Anger flared in Emily's mind, but she forced it back. "Watch your step," she said, familiar with this sort of thing. "Just like I thought, they're filming and they have cords everywhere."

They stepped carefully through the house, past scattered equipment that had likely been unboxed the moment Emily had left the house. Sure enough, she found Braden at the base of her attic stairs, just about to head up, a cute Spooky Squad assistant hovering close by. He had his EMF meter in hand and the assistant was filming with a handheld camera.

"Caught red handed, I see," Emily said drily and flicked on the hall light.

Braden squinted in her direction, and then his gaze focused on the extremely tall police officer behind her. "Emily, what's going on?"

"I'm getting the police to toss you and your crew out of my house," she said, and was surprised at the vindictive thrill she felt saying those words. "I don't want you back, I don't want you here, I most certainly do not want you filming, and for the last time, I do not have ghosts. I had possums."

"Nine of them," Jericho added. He crossed his big, tattooed arms and looked rather menacing. She liked that.

Braden's eyes narrowed. He rushed forward, pocketing his meter and waving aside his assistant. When he got to Emily, he tried to pull her aside, but Jericho stepped in front, blocking Braden's view. That was sweet of him.

"It's okay," she told Jericho. "I've got this covered." And she did, she really did.

"Please tell me you're not kicking me out because of something this felon said," Braden hissed at her in a low voice.

"I'm not," Emily said easily. "I'm kicking you out because I asked you time and time again not to film here, and the only reason you're here is not for me, but for your show. You've always put it above what I wanted, and this time, I'm getting what I want. And what I want is for you to get out."

"You can't make me," Braden said. "My name is on the mortgage too!"

Hank stepped forward, all nearly-seven-feet of him. His stern face looked ominous even to Emily. "If I'm understanding Miss Emily correctly, you forfeited the house when you were divorced two years ago. Is that correct?"

Braden's face flushed.

"If that's so, then I imagine your contracts were amended and your name taken off the mortgage. Am I still correct?" Hank's tone was mild but he placed a hand on the pommel of his nightstick.

Braden said nothing.

"Then I would assume you have no claim on this house anymore," Hank said. "Now tell me again that you aren't going to leave this house."

"I'll start packing," said Braden's assistant, her eyes wide.

"I thought so," Hank said. "And I'll just stick around to make sure you all don't trouble Miss Emily." He crossed his arms and stood in the hallway like a sentinel, waiting.

Braden looked back at Emily helplessly. "Please, baby-"

"Not your baby," she said sweetly. "Not any longer."

He scowled and stormed away, grabbing a camera off of a nearby tripod and beginning to dismantle it, shooting her glares as he did.

An arm went around her shoulders, and Jericho drew her against him. "That was awesome. I'm really proud of you."

"I'm rather proud of me, too." And she was. It was her house and her life, and she'd live it however she damn well wanted.

"It does bring up a point, though."

She looked up at him, all tattooed and pierced and fierce and so utterly gorgeous. "What's that?"

Jericho gave her one of those sultry looks that made her panties wet. "If you're not going to be his baby, will you be mine?"

She turned and put her arms around his neck. "Abso-fucking-lutely." And she pulled him down to her in a sweet, possessive kiss.

They were still kissing when Braden left.

The End

