Chapter One

I wake up to the sight of three pairs of nostrils bearing down on me.

How much did I drink last night? Am I in some kind of Shayla Black/Lexi Blake dream where it's three on one? Mmmmmm.

One set of nostrils is decidedly feline. The other two are human.

None is male.

Damn.

"How did it go?" Mom and Amanda ask in unison. Both are hovering over me like a traffic helicopter at rush hour after a chicken truck crash on the Mass Pike.

"You brought a condom last night, right?" Amy shouts from the kitchen. I look up and see that my bedroom door is open. My eyes travel to Chuckles, who somehow manages to leer at me. Then he licks his absent balls.

Okay, so I guess one of the pairs of nostrils is male after all.

Sort of.

"Or more than one condom," Mom adds with a giggle. She sits on the edge of my bed and tilts the entire world toward her.

"What are you people doing in here?" I mumble, pulling the down pillow over my head and molding it around me like a space helmet. How much wine did I drink? Mom and Amanda make themselves at home in my bedroom, and I hope Amy is making me a coffee right now. I need about twelve of them.

"Inquiring minds want to know. Did you kiss him?" Amanda asks in a voice so brimming with cheer that I want to remove her vocal cords with a lobster pick. When did the garage door start banging into the concrete over and over like that?

Oh. That's my pulse.

"And why did Steve text me last night and tell me how much he misses you?" Mom asks in a staged voice designed to turn her into the Queen of All Juicy Gossip.

Amy races into the room so fast that the cup of coffee in her hand sloshes on her thumb and she yelps. Chuckles pauses his vaguely obscene self-hygiene routine and narrows his eyes as if she's offended him.

"Steve?" Amy says with incredulity. "The snake senses when someone else wants her."

"When Declan McCormick, mover and shaker, wants her," Amanda adds, that peppy note in her voice transmuted into something like the evil witch in Snow White. Steve better not eat any apples today. Maleficent is on the loose.

"I like Steve!" Mom declares.

"You like Harvard degrees," I mutter.

"You can fall in love with a successful man just as easily as you can fall in love with a narcissistic slacker who convinces you that three jobs is fine and zero for him is the natural order of business," Mom sniffs.

She's describing our older sister Carol's ex-husband, who seems to have singlehandedly proven that there is an inverse relationship between how good a father is and the quantity of publicly displayed tattoos he has of his children's names.

Though, to be fair, we only have a sample size of one.

"Did you kiss him?" Amanda asks.

"I am not speaking to any of you until I've had my first latte, three ibuprofen, and a hacksaw for my head." I press my palms against my temples to show them my pain. No one seems impressed.

"You drank red wine, didn't you?" Mom says, not even waiting for an answer because she knows me too well.

I grunt in the affirmative.

"You know you can't handle the sulfites or the sulfates or whatever it is you can't handle. Why did you drink it?"

"Because it goes with beef, and because Declan didn't know about me and red wine. But I switched to white halfway though."

"Even worse!" Mom chides. "If you mix red and white it curdles everything in your stomach and you'll end up with diverticulitis."

Amanda gives her the crazy-lady look and says, "No, it doesn't. The two are completely unrelated, and curdling...what?" She gives Mom a look Amy and I patented.

"Mom's been reading health articles on websites with medical experts who moonlight on psychic hotlines," Amy explains.

"Don't even try, Amanda. It's like her myth that eating the crusts of your sandwiches will curl you hair," I say, pulling my hands away from my head and hoping the seams of my skull remain in place.

"Worked for Amy!" Mom insists.

"Or that chewing your fingernails constipates you," I add with bitterness. Where's my coffee? What good are these pity groupies if they don't deliver hot caffeine? I refuse to trade my pathetic life stories for anything less than three lattes this morning.

"Those fingernails absorb all the water in your body, and when they pass through, it's like Freddy Krueger's claw on your intestines." She shudders.

"Who?" Amanda, Amy and I ask simultaneously.

"Freddy Kru-oh, never mind." Mom rolls her eyes and walks into the kitchen, mumbling something about being old.

"So did you..." Amy waggles her auburn eyebrows. She looks like Rose from Doctor Who, but with curly hair and bright blue eyes. "You know?"

"We kissed. And I think my hand memorized which side he dresses on," I confess. "Not one more word until I have a latte in my hand!"

Amy scurries off to the kitchen, where I hear her and Mom giggling and talking about me. How do I know they're talking about me?

Because they're both alive.

"You didn't sleep with him, though, did you?" Amanda asks. She clearly is both horrified and titillated by the idea.

So am I.

"Are you kidding me? I'm the one who runs a CORI background check on people who take care of my cat. I Google search through fifty-six pages of results. I practically ask for a credit report and a physical exam before I'll go to second base." I laugh, amused at my own joke. It makes my head echo with the pulse of an elephant.

She doesn't laugh, but instead nods solemnly.

"That was a joke."

"No, it wasn't," she adds in a pitying voice, patting my hand like she's expressing sympathy.

A flash of last night bursts into my pain-filled head. Declan's arms around me, my back up against the heavy oak panels. The glow of a candle in a tiny Tiffany lamp attached to the wall, making shadows of our connection, projecting every move in temporary reflection. The sharp intake of Steve's shocked gasp as he discovered us, Declan's hand following the split seam of my skirt, my own hands buried in his thick hair, waves of heat pouring off us as we touched and tasted and took.

That thumping elephant in my head decides to do the Funky Chicken and the Hokey Pokey at the same time. Damn elephant wedding dances. Who replaced my blood with flammable molasses?

I force myself to remember last night. Steve's strangled groan of recognition. The smile I felt on Declan's lips as we both heard it. How I tried to pull away and Declan tightened his grip. The hiss of his whisper as he said, "He has no power over you. He discarded you. Don't give him that power back. You are worth so much more."

The hurt look in Steve's eyes, the first genuine emotion I'd seen in him in over a year.

My own heart tugging me toward Steve, in search of more of the real him. Being torn between the two men, and letting paralysis win, which made it seem like, by default, I'd chosen Declan.

But...

"Earth to Shannon!" Amy says, bringing me my beloved nectar o' java. I take two large, hot sips and sigh, grateful. Amanda becomes my beta in the best-friend hierarchy. Blood-and coffee-is thicker than best-friend water.

Mom re-enters my bedroom and I get a good look at her. Lilac yoga pants cut to fit curves. A V-neck cotton white shirt with some lycra to it. A sports bra underneath. White Crocs. She looks so fitness-perfect. Her hair hangs in light layers around her face, cut with a whisper touch by a new stylist she found in Wayland. I can see why she makes the drive-he's that good.

There's a glow in her face that makes me think life is going well for her. I don't often think of her as Marie Jacoby. She's Mom. Just...Mom. Not an actual human being with feelings and hopes and her own tangled inner and outer life. Always a parent, my bedrock Mommy who attended to skinned knees, made Elmo cupcakes for my birthday treat when I turned five, and who steadfastly combed through my lice-ridden hair after my failed prom date gave me an apologetic kiss on the cheek.

And a bad case of lice.

Lice. Bad jokes. Declan. Last night. His mom dying the day after his prom. Tears threaten the edges of my eyes and a wellspring of unbridled emotion hits me, hard. The blend of his touch, his restrained storytelling, but the look on his face that said he wanted to talk, to share, to connect. Losing your mom so young had to make you vulnerable. Losing her the day after your senior prom must have been a form of torture.

A blast of clarity cuts through my throbbing head and makes me see how beautiful Mom really is.

"You look like an AARP ad," I say, admiring her.

Mom takes one perfectly manicured hand and places it over her heart, her face a mask of horror, my words clearly having the opposite effect as I'd intended. She's wearing very little makeup right now, which means she's still wearing more than I wore last night on my big date. Er...business dinner.

"What a cruel thing to say, Shannon!" she cries out, tears in her eyes. Mortified, I sit up, a cold rolling pin running from the base of my neck to my ass. I didn't...I wasn't trying to...oh, hell. I can't get anything right this morning. The tears choke my throat, my brain and body sending mixed signals through synapses and nerves and veins, rendering me stupid with heart palpitations and a sudden sweat that makes my armpits feel like swamps.

I take more sips, needing reinforcement, willing my internal disappointment at myself away.

"What? That was a compliment!" My words are sharper than I want them to be. I have to snap, or the tears will take over.

"AARP is for people fifty and older, Mom," Amy says, trying to help. "You look great for fifty-two."

"That's like telling a chubby girl she has such a nice face," Mom says. She's clearly recovered from her offended state and the claws are coming out. Chuckles winks at her. My tears dry up.

"Hey!" me and Amy shout, both representing the "chubby girl" sector in modern American society.

"See?" Mom says, triumphant. She's a chubby girl, too. "That's what the AARP comment felt like. A reminder that society has oppressive expectations for gender and age norms." She crosses her arms over her ample lilac bosom and gives me and Amy looks of disdain. She's Gloria Steinem in yoga pants and 3-D mascara.

"Mom's been reading Jezebel again," Amy says.

"You don't really think I look old enough to be an AARP member, do you?" Mom asks me.

"You are old enough to be a member, Mom. In fact, you have a card. I see you use it to get ten percent off groceries at the gourmet market on Tuesdays when they have their senior citizen days." What else am I supposed to say? My shoulders slump and I feel like I'm carrying Steve's ego on them. You try to give a person a compliment and suddenly you're the Antichrist.

Mom scowls, then winces when I say senior citizen. "That's different. That's financial optimization."

"No one is insulting you, Marie," Amanda adds. She's been watching this unfold. "And all they're doing is deflecting Shannon from spilling the truth about her date last night."

All three sets of eyes zero in on me. Bing! My brain struggles to keep up with the constant topic shifts. It's like listening to Russell Brand talking about politics after drinking three shots of espresso.

"We kissed! We touched," I confess. "Steve walked in on us kissing and touching. And then the Ice Queen made fun of Steve's penis and bank account, and by the time Declan and I got to the table, they were gone."

"Who was gone?" Mom asks.

"Steve and Jessica."

"Back up! Back up!" Amy announces, holding her palm out like she's a cop directing traffic. "Let me understand. You were kissing Declan-your business associate-and your ex-fiance walked in on you?"

"That about sums it up," I say meekly.

A slow smile broadens my sister's beautiful face. "That is the best revenge story I've ever heard." She reaches her palm out to high-five me, and I give it back. Except I miss and go flying across my bed, falling flat on my face as Amy rescues my coffee. A mouthful of high-thread-count Egyptian cotton from my sheets fills my mouth.

Mom just gives me the evil eye, as if I shouldn't still be so out of it. You try absorbing last night and all the permutations and implications and wines and not wake up in the morning with a coordination problem.

"He's dating Jessica Coffin," Amanda says to Mom and Amy, her eyes wide and knowing. The attention is suddenly off me, and I sit up and steal back my coffee.

"Oooooh!" they squeal in unison. Why do they act like I'm supposed to know who she is?

"Jessica is the society-pages chick in Boston Magazine," Amy explains, eliminating the need for me to ask. "Her family's foundation is doing malaria research in Africa. She goes on these huge expeditions and helps."

"Does she singlehandedly provide air conditioning when they're out in the field? Because that woman is cold as ice. Disney should have cast her instead of Kristen Bell for Frozen." They all look at me like I've poured battery acid on top of chocolate mousse. I can take a hint, so I slurp coffee and take deep, knowing breaths.

"I heard she can make or break a new restaurant," Amanda adds, continuing to ignore me, her attention on Amy and Mom. "There was that little Asian fusion place in Wellesley that she went to and a picture of her appeared on The Hub. BAM! Now you can't get a reservation for weeks." Mom, Amy, and Amanda all nod soberly, as if acknowledging Jessica's power.

Pffft. I can go to any restaurant that Consolidated Evalu-shop has a contract for, munch on half a cockroach in a Cobb salad, write up an evaluation, and get the health department to condemn it in forty-eight hours flat. Now who has the power?

"Do you follow her on Twitter?" Amy gasps. Both of them nod-both! My mother can't figure out how to juggle two different open windows on a single screen on her MacBook but she has a Twitter account? And follows my ex-boyfriend's snotty girlfriend?

"A tweet that mentions a stylist or a product means insta-success for that person," Mom gasps. "Look at my hands." She holds them out as if we're supposed to admire them. They look like...hands.

"Nice moisturizer!" Amanda squeals. They are speaking in Aramaic as far as I am concerned. I am not fluent in spa-speak. I think I am missing the part of my brain that most women are born with, the one that can tell the difference between cerulean and aquamarine, or between beige and taupe. Once they start talking about moisturizers and alpha-hydroxy acid bases and foundation creams, I might as well take a long nap because it's like they're speaking some foreign language I've never even heard of.

"She's a Botoxed Barbie with a superiority complex and no sense of boundaries," I blurt out, looking in desolation at my empty coffee cup. I need more. Nineteen more cups and I'll be closer to human. And I still have to go to work.

Is it seriously only Tuesday? Yesterday feels like it lasted a week. Greg should give me the day off for landing the account. I should call in sick for the level of stomach-churning experiences I faced. I slip my head under the covers and fake-pretend to ignore them all. Like that would ever work.

"Meow!" Amy says. Chuckles looks up and sneers at her like she's an American trying to speak French in Paris.

"What?" I demand, mouth muffled against my comforter. What's catty about what I say? "It's the truth."

"Did she make a pass at Declan?" Mom guesses. Damn. How does she do that?

"No!" They all stare. "Okay...yes." Declan. The feel of his jaw against my cheekbone. The way our bodies touched and I could inhale his essence. The push of his h*ps into mine as our skin tingled with anticipation. I just...

"Did he accept it?" Mom asks. Her words say one thing, but her pleading eyes say, Farmington Country Club wedding. PoshTots. Beacon Hill in-law apartment.

"He didn't think she was worth one iota of attention," I say, distracted by my own pleasant tactile memories, memories quickly fading away as Mom's question makes me remember the rest of the night. Steve had huffed off, but given me a gesture, using his hand to create an old telephone, held it to his ear, and he'd mouthed, Call me.

Bzzzz. We all jump. My phone.

"Jesus-that thing has been buzzing all morning," Amy groans. It's about an inch away from falling off my nightstand.

I come out from under my bed fort and grab my coffee mug, wiggling in the air between me and Amy. She laughs and grabs it. She really is my new best friend. Amanda can suck it. Whoever brings me coffee gets my loyalty on this fine, post-Declan morning where I am bombarded by meddling people who know more about Jessica Coffin and moisturizer cream performance on veiny hands than they do about the new healthcare law or campaign finance reform.

Twenty-four new text messages. TWENTY-FOUR. Whoa. I am never that popular. Who did I blow last night?

Chapter Two

I cringe. Oh, God. What if I really did...?

Fifteen text messages are from Steve:

How long have you been dating him?

Was this a one-night stand?

Do you miss me?

I miss you.

I miss Chuckles. How is he?

Things ended badly and I think we need to talk.

Jessica was joking about that bank account thing.

I'm not into Jessica at all.

Are you exclusive with him?

How are Marie and Jason? Jason still golf on Saturday mornings?

I forgive you.

I shouldn't have ended things like that.

I've changed.

You haven't changed a bit. And I like that about you.

Please call me.

Seven text messages were from Mom:

Don't forget condoms.

But if you do, there are worse things than getting knocked up by a billionaire. Think of the child support payments.

Your father's having bad gas. Don't marry a man with an irritable bowel.

But a billionaire with an irritable bowel is an exception.

Does Declan have a brother for Amy?

If you get to fly in a helicopter, have sex in it. Mile-High Club. Whee!

I am on my third Lime Rickey and your father says I need to stop thinking about billionaire grandchildren.

One is from Amanda:

Stop thinking about Steve.

One is from Declan:

I'm bringing "both" to your place on Friday. Six o'clock. See you then.

My mind scrambles to remember the day. Tuesday. It's Tuesday. He attaches a picture of strawberries the size of my fist, dipped in chocolate. Dark and milk. But not white, which is a sign from the universe that he is The One, because white chocolate is the jackalope of chocolate.

I read all of these aloud to my pity groupies, who suddenly can't pity poor Shannon with the sad little life. How do you respond to knowing I'm being pursued by Steve the Ladder Climber and Declan the Almost-Billionaire Hot Guy? They look confused.

I want to kill all of them except Declan. When did Chuckles become the good person in my life?

"You guys sent me these texts? Seriously?" I grouse.

Amy rushes back to the bedroom but calls out behind her, "Not me!" The espresso machine begins hissing. So does Chuckles. He gives Mom and Amanda an evil eye that makes old Italian grandmas flinch.

"I was worried about you!" Mom argues.

"You're getting a turkey neck, Mom," I snap.

She shrieks back, "Now you're just being vindictive!" Chuckles lifts his palm like he's giving me a high-five. If my mouth didn't feel like wet sand and my head like a blow-up doll being inflated by a horny, newly released ex-con after serving twenty years, I'd high-five him right back. Then again, that didn't go so well when Amy tried, so...

"And texting me about having a billionaire baby when I'm on a business meeting isn't?" If I have to use much more energy to speak I'll need more coffee.

"I was wishing you well."

"You want designer grandchildren."

"Is that so bad?"

Amanda is trying not to laugh, so I pick on her next. "And you! Some best friend. I refuse to hold your hand on those same-sex-marriage mortgage shops next week."

"What the hell did I do wrong? I just told you not to be an idiot and let your squishy inner self go soft on Steve."

"Too late," I mutter. She gives me an eye roll that I take as a warning. A girlfriend lecture is coming soon, the kind where I just say, "I know, I know," over and over and she tries in earnest to get me to realize that I don't have to let him treat me like a doormat. Like the movie Groundhog Day, only I never actually learn from my mistakes.

This is why I have sworn off men.

Mom's face goes three shades of pale. "Same sex what? Amanda, did you just say same-sex marriage? I thought Shannon was dating a billionaire now! A male one!" That look of horror Mom had earlier when I made the AARP comment pales in comparison to how she looks now.

Let me explain: for years, Mom assumed I was g*y because I didn't like makeup, didn't date men, and because I enjoyed visiting my friends in Northampton, the current lesbian capital of the world.

The only reason she would disapprove of my being g*y is that the Farmington Country Club technically has not allowed a g*y wedding just yet. Which is why I will never get married there, even if I do marry a billionaire. Not because I'm g*y. Because I think everyone, regardless of sexual orientation, should have an equal opportunity to be tortured by their mother into a wedding designed not to celebrate the nuptials of two people in love, but to allow the mother of the bride(s) to prance in all her glory and to scream hot-faced about the ribbons on the table centerpieces being the wrong shade of hot pink and to worry obsessively that Uncle Marty will ask the band to play "Stairway to Heaven" at the reception.

If you can survive that, you are meant for each other for eternity.

"One of the credit unions we do mystery shopping for has a bunch of evaluations where same-sex, legally married couples go into credit unions and apply for mortgages jointly. We're evaluating for discrimination," Amanda explains to Mom.

"With her credit score?" Mom says, pointing and laughing at me. "Shannon's never met a credit card she didn't like."

That is so not true...anymore. I had my crazy credit-card spree days and I'm over that now. Loan payments on $50,000 in student debt will do that to you.

"And you have to go in and pretend to be married to each other?" Mom asks, skeptical. She squints one eye like she's sizing us up to be measured for wedding gowns.

"Yes," I say.

She looks at Amanda like I'm not even in the room. "Are you the man or the woman?"

"What?" Amanda and I say in unison.

"You know...tops and bottoms. Are you the top or the bottom, Amanda?" Mom looks at us like she's asked whether we prefer pink roses or red roses, as if normal people ask whether hypothetical lesbians have a positioning preference.

"Your mother is so much better than mine," I tell Amanda as I turn and look at her with a Please make it stop look. "She can't even say the words 'toilet paper' in public conversation."

"What does she call it?" Mom asks, fascinated.

"By the brand name, whatever she's using," Amanda explains.

"What does toilet paper have to do with lesbians and which one wears the strap-on?" Mom asks.

"OUT!" I bellow. "Get out of my room!"

"Why would you be offended by that, Shannon? Women use sex toys all the time, and I don't mean just the lesbians," Mom says.

I crawl out of bed and sit up, my head trying to secede from the rest of my body. "I really don't want to talk about this," I moan.

"I'll bet if I checked your bedside drawer I'd find a stash," Mom says. Her eyes flick over to my nightstand. I freeze.

"Don't you dare," I hiss.

"Moooooooom," Amy calls out as she comes back in the room. "That's another nine or ten therapy sessions you have to pay for if you go rifling around in Shannon's drawer looking for rabbits and bullets."

"What do bunnies and guns have to do with sex toys?" Mom looks at Amy like she's crazy.

Amanda is now laughing so hard I think her intestines are twisting.

"You can go with Amanda when she does seven 'marital aids' shops next week," I add, using my fingers for quote marks around "marital aids."

"Why this?" Mom asks, mimicking me. "They are marital aids! You try sleeping with the same man for thirty-two years. It gets boring really fast. And there are only so many times you can play 'The Pirate and the Maiden.'"

Amanda stops laughing abruptly.

Mom pats her hand. "I would love to come with you. Do we have to act like lesbians, though? Because if I'm going to walk into a sex-toy store, I'd prefer to come out of there with something Jason would enjoy, too. He's getting adventurous, but a double-headed dildo might make him run screaming from me."

My stomach gurgles in the ensuing silence, turning from a light groan of hunger to a disturbing warning of pending sickness. My sprint to the bathroom makes my head pound, but the cool tile of the floor soothes me, calming me instantly.

That's right. A mother's hand on my clammy forehead should help, but instead she's out there talking about my dad and sex toys while my bathroom floor gives me more comfort.

A few minutes pass and I realize I still have a job. Work calls, and while I could probably text Greg and beg off for the day, I think getting back to work is better. I drag myself into the bedroom and Mom looks me up and down, opening her mouth to say something.

Amy appears to shoo them all into the kitchen for good, the quiet click of my bedroom doorknob giving me assurance.

I don't want to talk about last night.

I want to savor it. Not the Ice Queen part, or the Steve part, but the Declan part.

Okay, a little of the Steve part, because how awesome is it to be found in the most exclusive restaurant in Boston and 1) not be on a mystery shop and choose to eat whatever I want 2) be there with one of Boston's most eligible bachelors and wealthiest men and 3) be found by your smug ex-boyfriend who dumped you for not being able to fit in with people like...your date?

Pretty damn awesome.

The vortex of swirling emotion inside me isn't just hangover nausea. It's overwhelm. Emotional overwhelm with a heaping side of disbelief. Declan McCormick wants me. He kissed me. He texted me for a date in four days. With strawberries. And chocolate. And hopefully more kisses, less Steve, and definitely no Jessica.

The only thing better than Steve finding me in Declan's arms would have been having Jessica right next to him.

A plume of jealousy fills the air like a skunk on a spraying spree. I feel like Wolverine and take a sip of coffee to calm myself. If metal claws slid out from under my knuckles right now, I wouldn't be surprised. This kind of jealousy is completely new for me. Uncharted territory. A wash of emotion so tidal-wave-like in its enormity that it makes my chest tighten, my heart stop beating for a split second, and my vision blur a bit.

Or maybe that's still the hangover.

Three deep breaths and two hot sips of coffee later and I can definitively state that nope-that's jealousy.

The memory of her hand on Declan's arm fills me with red rage. It dissipates fast, but the lingering shock of being affected like this remains, hotter than my cup of joe and lingering like a bad houseguest.

I don't do jealousy.

Sure you don't, an annoying voice in my head says. And you don't do revenge fantasies, either.

My coffee stays down through sheer force of will as a spit-take threatens my duvet cover.

I am not the revenge-fantasy type. Sure, I've daydreamed about Steve having huge regrets for dumping me. In my dreams I'm svelte and have been recently approached as one of the hottest up-and-coming marketing wunderkinds, the type of social media rockstar who has Seth Godin calling her for advice. Steve watches my third TED Talk on YouTube and sobs into his Harvard degree, cursing himself and the heavens for his horrible mistake in letting me go.

But I don't have revenge fantasies. I'm above that.

Last night was so much better than any revenge script I could have written. Hell, better than any romantic comedy scriptwriters could bang out with a huge advance and Nora Ephron's ghost coaching them while Judd Apatow gives them neck massages.

Steve caught me kissing Boston's most eligible billionaire bachelor and-even better-a man sitting at the helm of a company so big and so powerful that Steve would happily become a, well, mystery shopper for them to get some clout. Connection.

Advantage.

Bzzzz.

I look at my phone. Steve. The level of disappointment in me that it is not Declan calling gives me pause. Big pause. Sickening pause.

I've fallen. Bad. Double-plus bad.

"Ignore that," Amanda says as she opens my door and holds a steaming cup of coffee in one hand. Her makeup is all goth-like on this sunny morning and she is wearing work clothes.

"How do you know it's not Declan?" I ask, my words fading with the just-in-time realization that she knows me too well.

"Because you look like a kid who didn't just drop her lollipop. She dropped it into an open sewage field and fell in on top of it as well."

"You can tell I'm bummed it's not Declan," I say.

She frowns in a look of confusion. "No. That's what anyone would look like if they're forced to interact with Steve." She wrinkles her nose in this super-cute way that makes me want to watch her face forever. I know she's doing it out of distaste, but she could seriously patent that and use it to act in commercials. It's such a great encapsulation of how this all feels.

The Steve part, at least.

"Sandra Bullock," she says under her breath, talking to herself.

"Sandra what?"

"She could play you. In a movie."

I'm halfway through a mouthful of latte as she explains, and I spray an impressive fan of coffee all over her arm and my pillow. "Sandra Bullock could not play me in a movie!" I gasp. "Melissa McCarthy? Sure. But not Sandra Bullock!"

"Jesus, Shannon, say it! Don't spray it!" She uses part of the duvet cover to wipe my surprise off her arm.

"Sorry. Your fault, though."

"Mine?" The whites of her eyes seem bigger than usual as she stares me down.

"C'mon. Sandra Bullock? Might as well pick Scarlett Johansson."

Amanda sizes me up. Her eyes linger on my hair, then travel to my neckline. I fell asleep in a weird combination of a tight workout t-shirt and extra-baggy pajama bottoms, pants so big I use an old robe sash to tie them to my waist. My hair must look like something you'd find on Courtney Love, and even in my partly hungover state I realize I smell like fear and happiness.

"Melissa McCarthy. Or Jennifer Lawrence if she put on some weight."

"Thank you for being honest."

"I am always honest." She reaches out to squeeze my hand, a creepy, fake smile on her face. Then she spears the back of her hand against mine, wiping more coffee off.

"You can wear the strap-on, then," I say.

Mom chooses this exact moment to walk in. And then my phone buzzes. She snatches it up before I can get to it.

"Restricted number!" she crows. "It's the billionaire!"

Chapter Three

Mom holds my phone up like she's Rafiki from The Lion King, presenting baby Simba to the tribe.

"Hakuna matata," Amanda whispers.

"Give it to me!" I snap as Mom refuses to give it to me.

"Marie," Amanda says in a low growl. Damn. She's channeling Musafa. James Earl Jones couldn't do a better job with that growl. I wonder if Amanda could do Darth Vader next.

Mom tosses the phone to me like we're in a game of Hot Potato, and I answer the phone in such a rush I don't give myself the time to feel anxiety or panic or to freak out like I really should because it's Declan.

"Hi, Shannon," Declan says. His voice pours over me like warm hot fudge. I imagine his face, all broad planes and narrow intensity, how his jaw is so lickable and his eyes make me smile when he's focused on me. The heady scent of spice and man fills me as I pause, body shivering with the pleasure of knowing he is calling me.

He has asked me for a date. A non-business date. Not that last night was strictly business. Hah. But this time he's clearly and openly interested in me as a woman. Not as an account or a colleague or a marketing coordinator.

The man bought me a corsage.

And now he's offering chocolate-dipped strawberries and a voice that sounds like hot fudge?

Make me into a Shannon sundae. With a big old banana right in the-

"Hello?" He sounds slightly puzzled, but not unsure. Whatever he's thinking, my craziness doesn't deter him.

"Hi," I say, the word coming out like a happy sigh. I look up to find Mom gawking at me like she can see my ovaries twitching, and Amanda's doing that pretend-quiet thing where she's acting like she's not listening.

Even Chuckles' ears are perked.

This is what it takes to get me to stand up and walk. My feet feel like they're floating as I press the phone to my ear and hear Declan say, "I really enjoyed last night."

All my pain fades. The world seems brighter, suddenly, like there was a layer of fog I couldn't quite see. It's gone, dashed away by Declan. This phone call is the highlight of my day so far.

And if he was serious about coming over on Friday...

"What time can I pick you up? And this time, no limo. Though I wouldn't mind watching you split your skirt up nice and high," he murmurs. The words make me hot, a steady pulse forming in my belly, throat, and between my legs. The man could talk me into an orgasm without touching me if he keeps this up.

Chuckles wanders over and begins rubbing against my legs. He's purring. Chuckles doesn't purr. Declan's vocal magic is filling the room with pheromones even neutered cats react to.

How can a mere woman like me resist?

My back is turned to Mom and Amanda, who don't take the hint. I thrash my arm back toward them in a gesture that clearly means Get out of here and let me have my hot-fudge voice orgasm, you twits.

"Are you having a seizure?" Mom asks, alarmed.

"I think she wants us to leave, Marie," Amanda says. She's back on my good list. Chuckles closes his eyes and the purring goes up a notch.

"Is this a bad time?' Declan asks, a smile in his voice.

"It's always a bad time when my mother is in the room," I say, my voice definitely not full of chocolate or hot fudge or anything yummy. Mine feels like broken glass and rusty nails as Mom glares at me, clearly wanting to eavesdrop.

"And don't let her listen outside the door!" I call back as Amanda shuts it. Mom's groan can be heard by Declan, who gives a laugh so sensual it makes my toes curl.

"Now, where were we?" I ask in a voice half an octave lower and, I hope, as sexy as his.

"We were talking about how I want to come over and get to know you better, Shannon. All of you. Right now."

My knees go weak and a buzzing flush fills the skin around them, a wave that crests upward and makes me wet and warm again. How does he do that? I'm trying to imagine him right now. Is he wearing a suit? A t-shirt and jeans? He's so formal and businesslike, hot and sophisticated, that I can't picture it.

"Right now?" I squeak out.

"Not practical, I know," he says, the rumble in his tone like a caress. "Friday?"

"Friday works." I don't want to sound desperate, but I am free. Haven't had a date on a Friday night in way too long. "Wear jeans," I add.

I drool-just a little-at the thought of him in well-worn jeans, hiking boots, and a shirt so loved that it molds to all the edges and valleys in that muscled torso and chest of his. Sunglasses and a wicked grin, with a tan that speaks of time outside and...

"Are we giving each other wardrobe orders now?" His voice drops down into sultry territory, like his tongue is searching for a register you can only reach naked. "Because I have some preferences in that area, too."

If I were wearing panties right now, they would melt off. Chuckles is making love to my ankles with his fur, and I shake him off. Too much sensation. Too many innuendoes. His purring is disconcerting, because it's almost as if he's...happy. Which is impossible. Chuckles' default is misery. Declan would have to be a Time Lord to be that powerful.

"Yes?" I whisper. Preferences? Mmmmm.

"Hiking boots. And jeans, for certain. You want to wear layers, and bring something that handles wind." His voice becomes pragmatic. Matter of fact. Friendly and cheerful. The change jolts me.

Wind?

"Wait-what?" This isn't exactly what I thought he meant when he said wardrobe preferences. I am imagining red feather-lined handcuffs and crotchless panties. Not a catalog shoot for REI.

"I'm packing a picnic. There's this great hiking spot in Sudbury I want to share with you."

Chocolate-covered strawberries don't exactly go together with Sudbury, which is a bedroom community outside of Boston best known for producing Chris Evans. Which isn't too bad, I guess. If Captain America can come from there, maybe I can find my own superhero on a nice walk in the woods.

"At night?" Six p.m. doesn't sound like an ideal time for a picnic. Maybe for mosquitoes to dine.

Steve's idea of a "picnic date" involved eating at an outside table at Tavern in the Square in Cambridge, so this would be my first actual picnic date. Ever.

"There's a meteor shower on Friday around nine. I thought it might be nice to try to catch some shooting stars."

"That sounds really nice," I say, meaning it. Starbursts behind my eyes would be nice, too.

"It will be," he answers. We both pause. I hear him breathing, a light sound of surety that makes me feel connected. Ten seconds pass and I can feel him smiling. This is so unreal. Declan McCormick isn't really interested in me, right? I'm klutzy Shannon, the woman he met when my hand was inside a toilet. A toilet! Yes, I had a reason for that. A good one. A professional one. But still.

Toilet Girl.

He's asking Toilet Girl out on a date. An ominous feeling hits me.

What's wrong with him? Maybe he's a creepy stalker type who has a toilet fetish. He made the joke back in the men's room, but if he was projecting his actual sexual kink onto me in a test to see if I'd freak out, and I didn't, then maybe he's got a thing for seeing women put their hands down toilets.

"Shannon?"

I want to ask him. The OCD part of my brain suddenly starts the rollercoaster-on-speed loop-de-loop it does when a new, panicky idea floods my mind. All I can think is "toilet fetish" over and over, and if I don't exorcize this somehow, I'm going to blurt out the question Do you have a thing for women with their hands in toilets?

Not because I actually believe it, but because the part of myself that absolutely cannot believe that someone so far out of my league is attracted to me is scrambling to go back to that safe, comfortable place where my best friends are Ben and Jerry and my book boyfriend is Drew from Emma Chase's Tangled.

Damn it.

Deep breaths. One. Two. Three.

"Heavy breathing," Declan says, shattering my concentration. "I like it."

Oh, God.

Do you have a thing for women with their hands in toilets?

My mouth opens and I'm certain those words will come out. I imagine him sitting in an old, well-worn, expensive brown leather chair, the kind with brass buttons that dot the seams, and he's holding a brandy snifter full of the finest liquor. Declan's wearing well-worn Levi's and his shirt is pulled out of the waistband just enough to show an inch of perfect, muscled skin right at the navel, a thatch of hair calling out for my hand. His eyes are hooded and have a soft focus to them, the way men get when the blood rushes south and they shift.

They really do. There's a subtle change in them when sensuality takes over, a warm, predatory taste to their words. The air changes, crackling with sparks and fire. It's confusing and heady all at once, because those two states shouldn't be able to coexist.

Yet they do. Yin and yang. Male and female.

Stick and hole.

"What are you wearing?" I blurt out. It's better than Do you have a thing for women with their hands in toilets? I smack my forehead, hard, and the dull throbbing from my hangover kicks back into place.

Someone calls my name from the other room but I ignore them. Chuckles stops rubbing against my ankles and goes to the door, pawing the bottom. No way I'm letting him out, yet. If I open the door Mom will tumble over the threshold like something out of a bad sitcom.

"Heavy breathing, and now the What are you wearing question?" His voice rolls out like it's on rails, sliding with throaty nonchalance through more innuendoes than I can count. A fun, humorous sound, like we're in on a joke together.

He can't see that I'm dying here, gripped by a set of looping thoughts that race at breakneck speed, driven by a deep fear that this is one big cosmic mistake. I'm torn inside. The reason I mystery shop is that I'm in control. I'm there in secret, watching everyone and everything and-a little bit like a god-the only person whose experience matters in the end. My word is gold, my observations validated, and the whole process is neat. Tidy. Measurable. Documented.

Being felt up and kissed thoroughly in a hallway at a posh restaurant by a man who is so many standard deviations of gorgeous and rich away from me that on a bell curve, he's a million miles away, makes my mind vibrate so hard with uncertainty that it's about to shatter.

I make a sound that is supposed to sound like a throaty laugh but sounds more like I'm hacking up a frog's leg.

"Workout clothes, actually," he answers. "No shirt, shorts, and socks and shoes. I just came in from a run. I'm sweaty as hell and sitting on my balcony, feet propped up and drinking a huge bottle of water as I watch the morning sun burn off the clouds over the bay." That's the longest stretch of words I've ever heard from him, and I'm agog.

And drooling.

Shirtless. Sweaty. Burning. A pulsing, throbbing sense pours down, like I'm channeling energy from my pain-filled head to my deeply turned-on nether regions, his casual way of talking about himself and his life making hope take over, dialing down the racing fear inside me, slowing the rollercoaster to a halt and giving it permission to take a rest.

"Oh," is all I can say, the sound half gasp, half surprise. Half hope.

"And you?" His tone is flirty.

"Workout clothes, too." If you count giant penguins all over my oversized flannel bottoms "workout" pants.

"What's your poison?" I know he means what kind of workout do I do, and my brain goes blank. Because I don't. Work out, that is.

Mom's profession comes to the rescue. "Yoga," I say, as if it's the most natural thing in the world.

She's definitely listening in, because I hear a super-loud snort from the other side of the door and she shouts, "The only downward-facing dog Shannon knows is-" and then muffled sounds of indignation.

I really, really do not want to know the end of that sentence.

Bzzz. Someone texts me. I ignore it.

"Six too early for you? Will you be home from work by then?" Declan asks. I finally look at the clock. 9:12 a.m. For a second I think he means today, but he's talking about Friday.

"Yes. It's..." My mind is a blur and I can't get my tongue to work properly. "It's perfect."

And then I remember, again, that today is still a work day. Uh oh. Greg doesn't generally hold us to a tight schedule, but it's Tuesday, and that means-

"Weekly meeting!" Amanda shouts as she bangs on my bedroom door. "You have twenty minutes to fit in a shower. Get moving!"

Even Declan heard that. "You need to get wet," he says.

Oh. Well. That did the trick.

"Happy shower, and I'll see you Friday."

Click.

Mom and Amanda barge in. "Well?" Mom says.

"Date. Confirmed. Friday at six. Picnic at the state park in Sudbury. He's bringing dark- and milk-chocolate-covered strawberries," I say. Might as well give them the specifics.

I walk to the bathroom, but before I can get away, Mom says, "Your mouth is going to have so much fun on that date."

I wince. Amanda frowns.

"You know what I mean!" Mom says in a tight voice. "Quit sexualizing everything. You people have such dirty minds."

"You're the one telling me to get pregnant accidentally by a billionaire to get big child support payments and asking about lesbians and strap-ons," I say, sarcasm dripping from my voice. "I wonder where I could have gotten it!"

"Your father," she says definitively. "The man never met a dirty joke he didn't like."

I roll my eyes and finish my walk to the bathroom. My shower is quick, thoughts of Declan making me anticipate Friday

Tap tap tap. Someone's knocking on the door. "Mom!" I shout. "Can I take a shower in peace?"

"It's Amanda. And Amy."

They open the door. "We need to talk." Steam fills the room as the hot water churns in full force. The scent of coconut and almond fills the bathroom as I shampoo quickly.

"It can't wait until I'm dressed and clean?"

"No." They say it in unison.

"Then what?" I'm really getting sick of the invasion of privacy.

"It's Steve."

"What's he doing?"

"Texting us both," Amy says. "And Mom. He even texted Dad."

"What?" That's the 2014 equivalent of standing outside my bedroom window with a giant boombox over his head playing some old Peter Gabriel song. "He texted Dad?"

"Dad forwarded it to me," Amy says, reluctance in her voice. "You need to hear this."

"Go ahead."

"Dear Jason," she reads aloud. "How's the handicap? I miss you and Marie and our dinners out. Shannon and I had a big misunderstanding but I'm hopeful we can sort this out. I would love to catch nine holes with you this week."

"Oh, barf," I sputter.

Silence.

"What else?" I'm distracted, so I accidentally rub conditioner in my armpits instead of shower gel. Yuck.

"He texted me and Amanda and told us we needed to help you get over this unrealistic dream you seemed to have about Declan, and that he saw you desperately throwing yourself at him."

My stomach actually goes concave. It feels that real, like he's kicked me in the gut. "He said that?"

"Snake," Amy mutters.

"It's not true, Shannon," Amanda snaps, angry at the very idea. "Don't you dare get down because that ass**le is trying to play this to his advantage."

She knows me so well.

Both of them hover around me, their presence both helpful and overbearing. I know they're right. I know it. I do. Really.

So why is it that one cutting comment can undo hundreds of positive ones? Declan just told me he wants to see me. Likes me. Desires time with me. He flirted, he joked, he was casual and loose and we talked like people exploring each other. Testing the waters and the edges of who we are, where we intersect.

That's a known. His kiss. His caress. His attraction to me. Whether this goes anywhere beyond Friday, no one can take away the touch of his lips against mine. The slant of his mouth as he eagerly kissed me. The feel of his hands sliding against my skin. The power of his body crushing mine in a fevered embrace.

That's all fact.

Steve's conjecture has a kind of power, though. It's the sneaky power of doubt. And damn if that isn't strong enough to drive out fact, even when it's irrational.

Amanda and Amy look at me like they're dealing with a fragile psych patient.

They kind of are.

Both of them have hive mind and just exit the bathroom as if they telepathically decided it. I finish my shower, dry off, and walk out into the bedroom.

My phone buzzes.

Amanda reaches for it and-

"Snake!" she shouts.

"I can't ignore him forever," I say with a sigh. Something inside tugs at me, a pull I don't like. But it's familiar. Maybe he really has seen the light...?

I think of a door slamming shut. Some self-help book I read last year recommends that when an intrusive thought tries to suck your soul out of you.

In my vision, the door slams.

On Steve's neck.

Ah. That's so much better.

I hit "Talk" and then "End." Closest thing to slamming that door.

Chapter Four

Work turns out to be nothing more than a series of details, forms, and paperwork that need to be dealt with, a ten-minute weekly meeting that mostly consists of Greg giggling with excitement and saying, "Three point seven million dollars," over and over, the sum total of the account we now have with Anterdec, and Josh complaining about office network protocols in so much detail that I start to think he's part robot.

We're sitting around the cheap plastic monstrosity that Greg calls a "conference table," on mismatched office chairs that look like something from the set of The Andy Griffith Show. I'm slumped as low as you can go, my mind fixated on reliving every possible moment where my skin touched any part of Declan's body. This kind of looping I could get used to-it was so much better than panicked repeat thoughts about whether I remembered to turn off the stove or freakouts that maybe I'd already been wearing a tampon when I put that new one in.

Near-OCD is a bit like being friends with a sociopath. When it's on your side, the world is your oyster.

When it's not, everything smells like rotten fish.

"Two words," Greg says as he closes the weekly business meeting. All four of us are crammed into his tiny little office. It's 2:13 in the afternoon and all I can think about is getting home so I can veg out and cyber-stalk Declan. I've only made it to page twenty-three of my Google search. Three more days before our date, and I feel unprepared.

Greg is standing behind his desk with a look on his face like the cat that got the canary. He's so happy he is scaring us a little. Greg doesn't do happy like this.

Something bad is about to happen. The last time he was this happy he landed a bunch of prostate exam stool kit evaluations and poor Josh...well, we had to sign a non-disclosure agreement about that set of shops, but let's just say that stool samples and the public health department made Josh constipated from pure performance anxiety for over a week.

Josh freezes in place and his entire body clenches. "What did you do, Greg? Because I am not pooping on a card and taking it to a doctor downtown ever again. EVER. You can't even pay me triple or-"

"How about company cars?" Greg turns around and looks out his window (he has a window...) and points to a shiny red sports car with a racing logo spray-wrapped all over the entire car, advertising a special tire.

Josh's eyes go wide and his hand instinctively touches the top of one butt cheek. "A company car? For real?"

"For all of you!" Greg morphs into Oprah. "A car for you!" he says as he points to me. "And a car for you!" he says as he points to Amanda. The room explodes into excited shouts and lots of squealing and jumping up and down.

"HOW?" Amanda screams.

Greg takes a deep breath, beaming like a proud dad. He hasn't been this happy since Amanda texted him last night and told him we landed the Anterdec account, and he texted us all a selfie this morning showing him turning the heat up to sixty.

"Consolidated has been chosen as one of only four marketing eval companies to test drive these 'wrapped' ad cars for certain markets. Boston is one of them. We got four cars!"

Josh is ogling the red sports car from the window like Amanda and I look at Chris Evans in a Captain America suit. Actually, Josh looks at him the same way. "We get that?" His arm points like it's detached from his body. He clearly can't believe it.

"Yes!" Greg bellows. "A car for everyone!" Last time I saw him this excited he got us all free coffee for a year from an account. Free Habanero-flavored coffee from a failed Boston market test run, but enough chocolate powder and cream and it was acceptable. Okay, no-it wasn't. But Greg was so proud.

Amanda, Josh, and I squeal like the kids on Glee after winning a sing-off.

After twenty seconds of shouting, we quiet down, and I realize Greg hasn't answered Josh's exact question.

"Greg?"

"You get company cars!" he says again, but this time his face is...different. There's a bit of a shadow there, a sheepishness that makes a tiny little tickle form in the place inside me where my hinky meter resides.

"We get that, right?" Amanda says, pointing. "Because that is a very cool wrap. I think of Chris Hemsworth and racing when I see that. Patrick Dempsey."

Josh squeals again. "McDreamy!" We're big Grey's Anatomy fans. The entire office. Greg has admitted to having a secret crush on Sandra Oh. We've rearranged business meetings for season finales. We cried when Callie and Arizona got into that car crash.

Greg startles, giving Josh the side eye. But he doesn't confirm.

"Greg," I say, my tone made of steel. Something is off.

"You get cars," he explains. "Fully paid by the company. You can use your company cards to charge all gas, all tolls and parking, and all repairs from now on. It's all covered by Consolidated or the client. The contract runs for two years."

"Okay!" Amanda chirps.

"No more mileage reimbursements," Greg says dryly.

"Who cares? Shannon finally has a car that starts with a key!" Amanda adds. She seems starstruck. I think she's just dreaming about a Robert Downey, Jr.-and-Chris Hemsworth-and Amanda sandwich.

"But..." I say, skeptical. Josh is frowning. He sees that I am teasing something out of Greg. Details he's reluctant to give.

"But what? You guys have been begging for company-paid cars for years. Now I go and find a client to supply them, and you're giving me the third degree!" Greg's face is red and blustery, but he's not offended or angry.

He's deflecting. You know how there are levels in professional chess playing, like Expert and Master and Grandmaster? Well, the same levels apply in professional defecting. I am the High Princess Queen Pooh-Bah of it, with a finely tuned radar when others do it.

Greg is setting off all my alarm bells.

"Let's go see the cars, then!" Amanda and Josh rush to the window. "Where are they?" she asks.

"Around the corner," Greg says, reaching in his desk drawer to fish out three sets of keys. Each set is color coded: dark brown, a rusty auburn, and bright yellow.

M'kay.

Amanda skips down the hall and stairs like she's the lead in a Disney princess movie, while Josh is giving me nonverbal looks and gestures meant to convey something in human semaphore, but I'm clueless. All I know is that Greg isn't giving us the full picture.

"OH MY GOD!" I hear as Amanda shoots through the main doors and peels off to the right, where a bank of cars is parked just behind the building.

Then a bloodcurdling scream of "NOOOOOOOOO!"

Josh and I look at each other and take off at a dead run, bolting through the doors into the blinding sunshine, banking to the right. I'm behind him by a few feet and he stops dead in his tracks. I crash into him, but he's so frozen he might as well be a steel support beam.

And then my eyes register the cars.

I half expect Drew Carey to appear and make that wha-wha-wha sound on The Price is Right, telling us we lost. Because what I see before me is way worse than my crappy little Saturn. The screwdriver I use to start my car seems like a gold-plated Oscar statue compared to this.

"Is that a giant turd on top?" Amanda gasps. "I am not driving a car that has a huge piece of poop as a hat!" Her voice is high and thin, a fluttering, panicked tone seeping in. She sounds like the whiny girl from that movie The Blair Witch Project.

I'm starting to think that standing in the corner would be a better fate than what's in store for us right now.

"That's a coffee bean!" Greg protests. My hands and feet have gone numb with shock. The car in question is one of those tiny little Toyota cars, and it's covered in what appears to be an artistic rendering of a latte with that signature leaf pattern that baristas use to mark their specialty drinks. That part isn't so bad, and the coffee chain's logo is fine, but on top of the tiny little car is an enormous brown, textured thing that is about the size of a double kayak and it looks, indeed, like Goliath dropped trou and squeezed out a giant log on top.

It actually makes me imagine I am smelling poop right now, which makes me hold my nose. I look at Josh and realize he's doing it.

The store's motto: Coffee gets everything moving!

"I am not driving that!" we say in unison.

"It's a coffee bean!" Greg insists.

"It looks like a giant version of the Baby Ruth from that Caddyshack movie!" Josh argues.

Greg studies it and tilts his head, examining it like we're at the Museum of Modern Art. Or...ahem...the Bromfield Gallery.

"Huh. It kind of does."

An argument begins instantly between me, Amanda, and Josh about who will be stuck with what quickly is named the Turdmobile.

As the two of them duke it out, I extract myself from the argument, because while the Turdmobile was the most graphic of the three cars, now I have a chance to look at the next one, and...

Well, let's just say if I were a guy I'd get a rise out of it.

The green one is a huge wrap for a popular drug that helps men with erectile dysfunction. The wrap shows a mature (read: AARP member age) couple rolling in an intimate embrace in a meadow filled with daisies.

The logo shows two people dancing. The tagline says: Sometimes you have to be hard to please.

I make gagging noises when I take a really good look at the couple in the picture, because apparently my mother has been keeping her new career from me.

She's the model.

Amanda and Josh shut up instantly and Greg looks at me like he needs to perform the Heimlich. Josh has met Mom a few times but doesn't see what I see.

Amanda, though...Amanda gets my pain.

"Oh! Oh! Marie told me she was working on catalog modeling, but she never...Oh, God, Shannon. Josh is just going to have to take this one."

"Josh is WHAT?" Josh screams. "Josh is right here and Josh is not driving a Limpmobile around town. Josh will never have sex again if he drives that!"

"Josh is talking about himself in third person," Greg says slowly, like he's dealing with a mental patient.

"The thought of parking the Limpmobile in my neighborhood in Jamaica Plain makes me do that, you..." Josh can't seem to find an insult to hurl at Greg, his eyes skittering between the Turdmobile and the Limpmobile.

In desperation, we all look at car #3.

Wha-wha-wha.

The giant clawed thing on top is the color of rust and red. The actual car is wrapped with the logo for a famous crab shack, and if that was all, it would be fine.

But the industrial designer who created the two-foot-tall, seven-foot-long...thing...on top of the Smart car had created a masterpiece of a "crab."

It's like they took a baby crab, put it on the Island of Doctor Moreau, fed it nothing but water from Chernobyl, and for good measure handed it off to the Human Centipede dude.

"That looks like pubic lice," Amanda says.

We all turn and look at her, mouths agape.

"We studied it in biology class!" she insists.

"Sure," we three say in unison.

But she's right. It looks like the angriest louse ever.

And matched with the store's tagline: Bring our crabs home tonight and make him dance!

It just...shoot us now.

The three of us get the same idea at the exactly same time, and we run around the building to Greg's car.

"Why do you get the cool car?" Amanda thunders. The cheerleader's voice dissolves into Maleficent's vibrant, threatening tones. My balls tighten. Wait-I don't have balls. But if I did, they would tighten.

"That's the car the president of the ad company wanted me to drive," he says weakly.

I think even Chuckles is glaring from my apartment.

"Nuh uh. Nope. I am not driving any of those three cars!" Josh announces.

"My mother is on one of those!" I wail. "For a little pill that makes life harder." Mom's been holding out. I wonder why. She's the type to crow about this kind of thing. Something serious is going on if she's not screaming on the town common about how she's now a "professional model."

"You don't have to drive that one," Greg says.

"So I get to choose between the Turdmobile and the Crabmobile?" I whine.

"I am not driving that piece of crap!" Josh says.

"Which one?"

"Any of them except for yours, Greg!" Josh's voice becomes a baritone, fierce and demanding, with a predator's tone that makes all of us stop and stand a little taller, keenly aware of his manhood.

Josh is about as dominant as an umbrella, so this catches us all unaware. A light breeze pushes clouds in front of the sun and the sky darkens as if he's beckoned some kind of evil force to do his bidding.

Something Wicked This Way Comes. And its name is Turdmobile.

"This is really cruel," Amanda hisses. "Company car!" She snorts. Once you lose the chipper one, all hope is lost. Greg's face reeks of defeat.

"I know," he says as he sits on a picnic table under a tree, the one where all the smokers in the building congregate every hour. "I tried, but trust me-these conversations are taking place at the other three marketing eval companies. It's a joke."

"A joke?" Josh is so angry he sounds like he's about to throw something.

"It's some hyper-ironic campaign designed to drive people to the URLs. There isn't a real chain of coffee shops, or that erection drug, or that crab restaurant. They're fake."

Hope springs eternal.

Chapter Five

"Wait, wait wait," Josh says, now breathless. "This is a meta-advertising experiment? Like, we are pretending to advertise ridiculously stupid companies and their bullshit products for the sake of a buried advertising campaign to drive internet traffic for a viral campaign?"

Greg looks even more hangdog. "Yes."

Amanda, Josh, and I widen our eyes and stare at the cars. My own gaze can't break away from my mom's face, contorted with pleasure as her man's hand disappears below her waist and is obscured by a bunch of daisies.

Josh and Amanda put their heads together and whisper furiously. I'm just furious. I feel like I'm being lied to by my mom, and Greg, but most of all-

Which is worse? Driving a car I have to start with a screwdriver, or showing up for a date with Declan in a Turdmobile?

It's not exactly a choice anyone ever thinks they'll have to make.

"This is..." Josh says, standing up and touching the "coffee bean" on top of the car. His palm caresses it and I flinch. It looks like he's loving on a piece of feces.

"This is," he says again, withdrawing his hand and subconsciously wiping it on his hip, "...brilliant!"

"What?" Greg and I exclaim in unison.

"It's so post-hipster! It's like a neo-Warhol post-modern performance art show!" Josh claps his hands like a little kid whose just been told he's going to Disneyland.

I stare dumbly at him. Greg shakes his head slowly and squints, like he's not quite sure we're in the correct dimension.

"A Warhol what?"

Josh waves his hand absent-mindedly and slings his arm around Amanda's shoulders. "Which one is the worst?" he asks her.

"Crabs," they all say simultaneously. Even Greg.

"But the Limpmobile is the worst for me," I say in a tone that would put Veruca Salt to shame.

"Then I shall drive the Limpmobile!" Josh declares.

"I claim the Crabmobile!" Amanda shouts.

"And I get the turd," I say quietly. "Coffee gets everything moving."

"It's a meme!" Amanda says, perky again.

"Huh?"

"You know," she adds, giving me a look that says I'm being obtuse on purpose. But I'm not. I swear. I don't get it. "You met Declan with your hand down a toilet. Now you'll drive a Turdmobile. It's...a meme."

"That's supposed to be encouraging?" I gasp.

"It's a car, Shannon," Greg sighs. "It's a free car, and you also get paid $200 a month on top of your regular salary for driving it more than one thousand miles a month in the greater Boston area."

Josh and Amanda clap at this news. "A raise!"

"Not a raise," I say. "We're just getting paid extra to humiliate ourselves."

"Pfft," Amanda says. "I humiliate myself for free. It's great to get paid for it!"

"Neo-Warhol post-modern art performance?" I gawk at Josh, who scowls and folds his arms across his chest.

"Shannon, sometimes you have to be hard to please."

"Let me get the keys for you," Greg says, turning back toward the main entrance. He seems looser, less tense. Who wouldn't? He just got a big burden off his chest. And placed it squarely on us.

"I didn't agree to drive that," I hiss. My tone is more menacing than I want it to be. My head is splitting from caffeine deprivation, and all I can think about is driving around town in a car that looks like an ad for plumbers who unclog toilets the day after Superbowl Sunday.

Greg comes to a halt at the small picnic table under the oak tree in front of the building's main entrance. Cigarette butts litter the ground around the metal bucket with sand in it. Bright red lipstick encircles every single filter. Louise, the receptionist for the wholesale lamp import firm above ours in the building, must be back to smoking.

"You can't refuse," he says in a calm voice. His eyes meet mine. There is no pleading. He's stating a presumed fact.

"Yes, I can."

"No, you can't."

"Is this a condition of my employment?" The idea of driving a turdmobile around town to do mystery shops, to perform my own personal errands, to shepherd my nephews around, makes my stomach turn into a pretzel.

"Besides," I add, "it's going to make us all huge targets when we do our shops. None of these cars is exactly nondescript." I can't hide the tone of triumph in my voice.

With one slow, drawn-out gesture, Greg points to my car. The paint on the roof and hood is flaking. The passenger-side door is bright red. The rest of the car is black.

"Your car isn't exactly 'nondescript' either."

"It doesn't have a piece of fiberglass poop on top of it!"

My words carry on the light breeze that passes between us just as a long, sleek limousine pulls up in front of the building, not twenty feet from us. The rear window is open and-to my utter shock-the face of Declan McCormick emerges from the shadows.

He looks puzzled. Behind him sits his father with a horrified look on his face. Both men are dressed in suits, Declan's arm reaching out the window to wave me over. Each step I take makes my body tingle. Once I'm close enough, I smell the heady scent of cologne and leather, pushed out by a blast of air-conditioned air.

"Hello, James." I make eye contact and smile, just like I would in any professional setting. "Declan," I add, as if an afterthought, then tear my eyes away from his father and give the younger man my full attention. My body has been giving him every molecule of awareness since the limo pulled into the parking lot. My eyes just need to catch up.

He shoots me a half-smile, the kind where one side of his mouth curls up with sultry amusement. The tingling turns into a full-blown blood blast, making my skin hover a quarter-inch from my body and pushing my sex to a dull throb that needs his touch to recede.

Decidedly unprofessional. But very authentic. My God, the man can set me atwitter with a look. What would a night in bed do?

"Ms. Jacoby," Declan's dad says. "Shannon," he corrects himself, then gives Declan a side eye that I take to mean What the hell are we doing here?

Greg comes over and gives an anemic wave. He's clearly as puzzled as James is. Then, suddenly, both of them look at us. Or, at least, I think they look at us. All I know is that I'm looking at Declan and he's staring right back and everyone else fades into a different world where they're important.

But not urgent. The only urgent person in the world is making me his obsession with eyes that won't cut away. I can't breathe, and yet I become air. I can't look away, and yet I see everything in his piercing look. I can't move, and yet I feel connected to every single item in the world, as if I'm one with everyone and every thing.

James clears his throat and taps Declan's shoulder. "The jet is waiting." His words break the spell and Declan turns just enough to cut his eyes away from me. It's like a dimmer switch on the sun has been spun a half-turn.

"The jet can wait longer." Declan's words are cold ice.

"No, son, it cannot. I need to make a series of meetings before yours." James matches Declan's tone. I feel a distinct chill in the air, and it's not the car's A/C.

The black door opens and Declan steps out. The man can wear a suit like an Armani model on a Milan runway. My mouth waters as he steps out, from classic wingtips on his feet to the heathered lavender tie that is loose around his neck. A crisp white shirt with sterling silver cuff links peeking out under an all-black suit sleeve makes me snap to attention, the top button at his neck undone, his body language tense but his overall look alluring and demanding.

Why is he getting out of the limo?

The car door snaps shut with a resolute tone. Declan's words do, too. "You go ahead, then. I'll catch up."

"How?" James is outraged. "I'm taking the jet."

"Then I'll fly commercial." Declan pulls out his phone and taps into it for a few seconds. "Done. Grace is making arrangements."

"Commercial?" James says the word as if Declan had just announced he'd drive a Flintstones car to London. "Why on earth would you do such a thing?" His expression is tight and he's angry. Deeply furious.

Meanwhile, Declan is closed off. Aloof. Contained, controlled, and in full mastery of whatever emotions must be roiling inside him like a cyclone waiting to strike land.

This is no simple pissing contest. The argument over Declan's detour here-to see me-has roots that go way back.

I'm riveted in place, my hands beginning to sweat. The Turdmobile is a distant memory. A horrid one, but nothing compared to the cataclysm of these two duking it out with every clipped word.

And the many that remain unspoken.

"Fine." James rolls the window up and the limo speeds off.

Declan just shakes his head, eyes narrow and watching me, pointedly ignoring the disappearing car.

"What are you doing?" I ask. My voice is barely above a whisper. I don't even need to turn around to see that Amanda, Josh, and Greg are gone. They're eavesdropping, I'm sure. But they have the decency to give us some privacy.

"I'll survive first class." His face is serious, but I can tell he's making a very dry joke.

I laugh without mirth. A very large, fluffy animal seems to have taken residence on my chest. My breathing slows, deliberate and careful. The wind lifts loose strands of my hair, and it catches the loose ends of his tie, which flap over his shoulder. He could be a model, like something in GQ or Vogue, exuding wealth, prestige, confidence, and something timeless. Ancient. Embedded in the way he walks toward me, how his gaze is single-minded and completely aimed at me.

The second his hand reaches for mine I shiver, a delicious stroke of connection that makes my shoulders square. I'm wearing a boring office-drone outfit, casual slacks with old black leather shoes and a long-sleeve cotton wrap shirt that matches his eyes. My hair is a crazy, windswept snarl, and whatever makeup I put on before I dashed out the door this morning has long faded.

"Hi," is all I can think to say.

He leans in and gives me the sweetest kiss on the cheek I've ever received. "Hi. I couldn't stay away."

My heart stops for a few beats. A part of me feels like Carrie, on stage at the prom, seconds before the bucket of pig blood is about to be dumped on her.

This really is too good to be true.

"You're willing to brave TSA agents for little old me?"

His answer is buried in the kiss he gives me, this time most definitely not on the cheek.

The tug of his fingers in my hair, the brush of early afternoon stubble against my lips, the feel of his warm, wet tongue against my teeth all make me moan, a little sound coming from my throat that I have never uttered. Declan clasps me to him harder, fueled by my reaction.

Then he breaks away and says in a voice that makes all the blood rush out of my head, "I knew this was a good idea. I can't stop thinking about you. Friday is too far away and I have to be in New York for the next three days. This was my only chance." His mouth takes mine again, my own hands clinging to him like I'll blow away if I don't hang on. Petals from the blossoms on the trees behind us float on the wind, making me feel like a fairy, as if this were part of an imagined world where magic is real.

Maybe it is.

He pulls back and presses his lips together with a smile that makes those damn hot dimples appear. "I'm willing to brave quite a lot for you, Shannon."

Including the Turdmobile?

All I can do is smile back and keep my hands around his warm waist. His hands are on my shoulders and he's looking me over, searching. Memorizing.

And, I hope, enjoying.

"I also hoped you could spare some time from work," he adds, looking at the concrete block that pretends to be my office building. "All you need is razor wire around the top and it looks like you work in a prison."

"A day in the life of Shannon Denisovich," I joke.

He nuzzles my neck. "A woman who knows her Russian literature," he murmurs. "That's hot."

I pinch myself, because now I know I'm dreaming. Either that, or Amanda's secretly working for some low-rent cable reality television show where hot, successful businessmen make fun of fluffy women with inferiority complexes.

He looks behind me, over my shoulder, and one eyebrow rises high. "Do you have an exterminator in your building?"

That's quite the topic change. From nuzzling my neck to thinking about bugs.

"No-why?" I turn and follow his gaze. Ah.

The Crabmobile.

"Then what..." He cocks his head.

Oh boy. How do I explain this?

"It's a promotional thing some company is doing," I say, staying as boring and nonchalant as I can as my fingers play with the rippled muscle of his torso. I could touch him all day. I can't believe he's letting me touch him.

Magic. Seriously.

"So-coffee?" He shrugs. "I don't have a car. Can you drive?"

All the magic disappears in that sentence, replaced by the Eye of Sauron. Staring at me from atop one of the new cars.

"Uh..."

"You don't have a car?"

I have two. Neither is acceptable for you to ride in.

"There's a great local coffee shop next door," I say, pointing toward a ubiquitous chain that everyone in the Boston area knows and that is about as far from "great" as I am from "slim."

He laughs and laces his fingers in mine. "How about we just spend a few minutes together."

"You have a plane to catch. Bags to check. Unwashed masses to share germ-laden air with. And you have to get that coveted middle seat between a sumo wrestler and a four-year-old who will insist on unlimited access to your smartphone."

Just then, Greg, Amanda, and Josh all burst through the building's double-doored entrance. All of them have keys in their hands. In rippling-fast motion, my brain processes three things:

1. Declan and I are holding hands in public.

2. I am going to have to take him for a ride in my screwdriver-ignited car.

3. Under no circumstances can I take him anywhere in the Turdmobile.

"Catch!" Greg says, tossing a set of keys at me. As I have the eye-hand coordination of a drunk frat boy going through basic training, I scream like a little girl and flinch.

With flawless precision, the hand Declan's not currently touching me with snaps up and catches the keys.

"Nice," Josh says. As his eyes take in the suited hottie before him, I realize he isn't referring to the catch. Though I know Declan is straight, and I also know I could take Josh down in a cat fight (though he has no hair to grab), I still feel a massive plume of green mist take over my senses.

"Thanks. Declan McCormick," he says, letting go of my hand to reach toward my coworker.

I want to growl.

Declan hands me the car keys. "These are yours?"

Josh's eyes go wide with amusement, and if he could run upstairs to make a big old bowl of popcorn, he would. Explaining my car situation to Declan would have been amusing to me, too, if it weren't, well...me.

"Yes."

Declan's green eyes are surveying my face, then glancing between Josh and the parking lot. "So you do have a car. Can we go for a drive together?"

I stuff the keys in my front pants pocket. "No."

"Don't worry, Shannon!" Greg says, trying not to laugh. "It's fully insured. You can start driving it right now."

I hate you.

"Company car?"

I nod, miserable. "Yes."

"New cars today!" Amanda adds. She gives Declan a friendly little wave. She gives me a look that says, You have to face this sometime.

"I'm not really feeling very coffee-like right now," I say.

"Are you ill?" my coworkers say in unison.

Declan leans in and whispers, "Am I intruding? Because I can leave."

My grip on his arm tightens. "No! It's just...the Turdmobile."

"The what?"

I pull him by the arm toward the cars and point to my company car.

He reads the tag line. Takes in the car's appearance, his eyes lingering over the roof's distinctive...decoration, and finally says, "Is this an ad for civet coffee?"

"Civet what?"

"Civet coffee. it's a delicacy from Indonesia. Collected from coffee berries that cats eat and then excrete."

Josh walks closer and looks at Declan like he's man candy. "Coffee from a cat's ass?" He nudges me and whispers, "Coffee gets everything moving."

I punch his arm hard enough to make him squeak, then pretend I didn't do it.

Declan nods, his face inscrutable. No affect, no crazy attention-seeking demeanor. He's telling the facts. "It's a delicacy. Sells for well into the hundreds of dollars per pound."

"You feed coffee berries to a cat, collect them out the other end, and people charge hundreds of dollars for the resulting coffee?" I ask, incredulous. My eyes flicker between the top of my new car and Declan.

Chuckles may need a change in diet.

"Have you had this coffee?" Josh asks just as his phone buzzes. He looks at it, eyes wide with alarm, then glances at Amanda, who is a few paces away tucking her phone in her bra.

"Excuse us," Josh adds with a tight tone. "We have to go." I wonder what Amanda said to make him leave like that, and make a mental note to send her my firstborn child as a thank-you for doing it.

"Did I scare them off?" Declan asks, laughing. "Cat-poop coffee too much for them?"

"They've seen worse," I mutter.

Declan's phone buzzes. He reads his text and mutters a curse under his breath. "They added a meeting. Dad's coming right back with the limo." His expression is pained. "I'm sorry. I only have about five more minutes with you."

I can't help myself. I have to say it. "Why me?"

"Why do you keep asking me that?"

"I've only asked once."

He leans against the picnic table, one hip jutting out with a jaunty athleticism that makes his ass muscles tighten. It makes other parts of me clench, too. Yowza.

"You asked over and over on the ride home yesterday, Shannon. You really impressed my driver. Lance said you were the first date he's ever driven who could sing every word of 'Chasing Cars.'"

"I sang Snow Patrol songs in a limo?"

"And then you did an encore of Lady Gaga."

I groan. He's highly amused, and steps forward, scooping me into his arms. I'm caged by him, all heat and want.

"You have no pretense, Shannon. No fake affect, no shield. You're real. Raw. Open. Yourself. I like that." He touches the tip of my nose with his finger, then slowly slides it down my lips, opening my bottom lip a bit. I snatch his finger into my mouth, too timid to go for the overtly sexual gesture.

I just kiss it instead.

"You like it when I'm genuine and just Shannon."

"You're not 'just' anything, Shannon."

Just then, the limo squeals into the parking lot. Declan grabs me in a kiss that bends me back, his arms strong and unyielding, the rushed taking making a flame light up inside that has to last me three days until I see him again.

And with that he breaks the kiss, jogging off to another world.

"Cat-poop coffee," Greg says from behind me. "Dating is nothing like it was twenty years ago. Boy have pickup lines changed."

Chapter Six

Friday. I am going out of my mind now that it is 4:14 p.m. and I have exactly one hour and forty-six minutes to transform myself into a hiking Barbie.

Steve won't stop texting me, though he finally stopped texting Amanda and Amy when they resorted to texting him various pictures off 4chan and Goatse. I'm close to following suit, but that's how I handled our breakup at the very end, and if there's anything worse than being immature, it's being immature in the exact same way twice.

I receive a text from Amy with a copy of the last picture she sent to Steve. Who knew that anuses could prolapse? Huh.

My phone actually rings. I know Amanda is next door in Josh's office, talking animatedly to him about simplifying the password policy so we don't need to use three non-standard Arabic characters when we change our monthly passwords, so it can't be her.

Mom is with dad at an all-day Reiki training, so it much be Carol, my older sister.

I look at the number. Yup. Carol calls for one of three reasons:

1. She needs a babysitter.

2. She needs someone to come over and binge watch Orange is the New Black and pick up a pint of ice cream on the way.

3. She needs a babysitter.

"I'm busy tonight," I say as I answer the phone. No preliminaries. Don't need them. Besides, I'm a ticking time bomb right now, with sixteen minutes to go before I can race home and try to turn myself into a nighttime hiking phenomenon.

"You are?" She sounds disappointed. Panicked, really. I hear mayhem in the background. Random animal sounds that are, in fact, just boy sounds. Same thing, really. Until they're ten years old or so, boys are just human versions of beasts.

"Yep."

"Mystery shop?"

"No. Date." The word rolls off my tongue with a delicious fluidity.

She bursts into a long, drawn-out giggle fest. "Good one. Hah! So which shop is it. Donuts? If you ever get another one for the chain of bars where you have to order the filet skewers and two margaritas, let's get Mom to watch the boys!"

I am offended. Why does everyone laugh at the thought of me being romantically involved with someone?

"I have a date. An actual date with the vice president of a company." I want to say more, but I know I'll be skewered if I do. Carol is like a blend of Mom and Amy. Half reasonable and half batshit crazy.

You never know which half you're talking to at any give time.

"Is this the billionaire Mom's been rambling on about? I thought that was some kind of fantasy of hers."

"It is," I mumble.

"So you're not dating a billionaire? She was going on about getting her grandkids into exclusive prep schools like Milton Academy and Buckingham Browne and Nichols-and all kinds of other weird stuff last night."

In the background I hear my seven-year-old nephew, Jeffrey, arguing with his four-year-old brother, Tyler, who only whines in response. Tyler has a speech disorder and the words don't come easily, but he's highly fluent in Whine. My trained ears tell me they're arguing over access to the iPad Mom and Dad got them for Christmas.

"I-duh! I-duh!" Tyler screams.

"Give it to him!" Carol bellows. "When he uses a word right, you have to give it to him."

Jeffrey says something muffled. Carol says something muffled. And then I hear Jeffrey, clear as a bell, shouting, "Eith cream! Eith cream!" Jeffrey has a lisp. Or, as he says, a lithp.

"Eye-kee! Eye-kee!" Tyler says, joining in.

"What are you doing?" Carol says, clearly to her oldest. I know that tone. It's the same tone Mom has used on me for twenty-four years. It must be embedded in our DNA. I shudder. Someday I plan to have kids. "Someday" just got kicked back another year.

"If he geth what he wanth by thaying it, why can't I?" Jeffrey moans.

I snort. The kid has a point. Tyler's speech therapist told Carol that in order to reinforce language, she has to walk a fine line. Encourage speech by giving him what he asks for. But after a while, that can lead to problems, so...

"Tatum Channing!" Carol shouts. "A million dollars! A free nanny!"

Declan McCormick, I mouth.

Jeffrey giggles. "I want to talk to Thannon!" Shuffling sounds, and then:

"I can fart on command now when you pull my finger," he announces.

"You will be a CEO one day."

"No. I want my own YouTube channel. I'm going to do that inthtead," he says seriously.

"More money in it," I reply.

"Yep. Did you know Tyler peed himself at the dentitht thith morning? It was groth."

"I'll bet." Carol's life is like birth control for me. I absolutely adore Tyler and Jeffrey, but I could do without the pee, poop, farts, vomit, and other nasties from the kids. I mentally add another year between me and motherhood. At this rate I'll start when I'm sixty.

"I need to talk now, honey," Carol says. Jeffrey leaves without saying goodbye.

"You live a life of luxury," I say. 4:23. Carol gets exactly seven minutes of my attention.

"Speaking of luxury, I got an actual child support check today!"

Of all the words I expect ever to hear from Carol's mouth, these are not it.

"WHAT?" Her ex, Todd, ditched her and the boys three years ago. He's played "Daddy for a Day" here and there. More there than here. It's been seven months since anyone has seen him.

He has never paid her a dime in child support. Tyler never even learned to say the word "Dada" or anything close to it. He occasionally says "Puh-puh" for Papa, which is what Jeffrey calls my dad.

I just get a big old smile. When you have a speech disorder and you're four years old, "Shannon" isn't exactly top on your list of easy words. A smile and hug is close enough to my name.

"I know!" Carol exclaims, then lowers her voice. She doesn't speak ill of Todd in front of the boys. Ever. I give her huge credit for that, because I don't know if I could stay that classy in her shoes. "An actual check from the state."

"That means he got a job working over the table!" Carol has a child support order. Todd owes close to five figures in unpaid support. He refuses to get jobs on the books, and never files taxes. She'll never see that money.

"Something like that," she says, her voice hiding something.

"How much was the check?"

She pauses, then says with a laugh, "$11.61."

I snort again. "Don't spend it all on one place."

"I spent ten dollars on my birth-control pill copay and the rest on Pokemon stickers for the boys." Again, that pause. I hear her gulp something quickly and then Tyler's distinct whine.

"I'll get water for you, honey! Just a minute!" Carol tells him. She says quietly into the phone, "He's incarcerated. The pay is from his wages at a prison in Ohio."

"WHAT? Does Mom know?" For years Mom has made jokes about Todd finding his way to prison, but we all wrote her off as just being angry.

"Not yet. I've barely found a way to manage all this filthy lucre. Let me breathe a few times before tackling Mom and Dad's reaction."

"Don't run out hiring financial planners just yet," I crack.

Her bitter laugh makes me cringe. "Yeah. Right. Now his back support obligation is reduced!"

"Eleven dollars? Oh, Carol. That won't even buy a pack of diapers." Mom and Dad help her as much as possible, but...

"That's why I need to get Tyler toilet trained," she says with a resigned tone.

I feel myself weighed down by the weight of her weariness. Suddenly my date with Declan feels trivial. A bit flighty and selfish. I want to tell Carol I'll help her.

"I can't tonight," I tell her. It feels icky, like I'm rubbing her nose in my happiness and romantic promise.

"No, no, Shannon, don't feel bad!" she protests. "You should go out with him! What's he like? Does he have a helicopter?"

What is it with the women in my family and their obsession with men who ride in helicopters? "He's hot," I whisper.

"Hot Guy!" Amanda shouts from behind me.

"Hey!" I shriek. "Josh is the one who does that to people!"

"Hot Guy!" he says in a falsetto, standing right next to Amanda when I turn around, heart thudding out of my chest. Assholes. Maybe they're both part vampire. And not the hot, sparkly kind.

"I am having a private conversation," I say archly.

"About Hot Guy," Greg says, poking his head in my doorway. Now all three of them are staring at me.

"Hey!" Who knew private was code for everyone flood Shannon's office and turn into MI5 spies?

Carol is laughing hysterically on the phone.

"You can talk about Hot Guy whenever you want on company time, Ms. Three Point Seven Million," Greg croons. Eww. It was so much better when he made us reuse plastic silverware and groaned about toner ink costs.

"What does he mean, three point...huh?" Carol asks as I wave Josh and Amanda off like they're evil spirits. Greg hovers. I pull a tampon out of my purse and he scurries off like a vampire walking past an Italian restaurant in Boston's North End.

That trick works every time.

Carol's words sink in. Discomfort slams me with full force. "Oh, uh...Declan's company gave our company a multimillion-dollar account."

"Because you slept with him?" Carol gasps.

"I did not sleep with him!" I shout.

"Good girl," Greg calls back.

"Did you seriously just call her a 'girl'?" Amanda says. I hear hushed arguments through the thin walls as Carol emits a long stream of words that sound like my mother, minus the rabid need for billionaire grandbabies named Thayer Spotterheim "Scoochy" Mayflower Vanderbilt Kennedy III.

"-and you don't need to give it up for a business colleague just to land an account!" Carol finishes.

"You take after Dad," I mutter. "Because Mom seems to think I should give it up so she can have her Farmington Country Club wedding."

Carol snorts. "She didn't like the fact that I eloped with Todd."

"'Eloped' sounds so elegant. You ran off to Vegas and got married by a transgendered Elvis impersonator who moonlights as Elvira. Those pictures were...um..." I shudder.

"I know," she sighs. "Thank God you and Amy haven't been as stupid. Yet." She sounds so beaten down that a wave of guilt hits me, even as I stare at the clock. 4:29 p.m. Should I be a good, supportive little sister or fake another call so I can get her off the phone and rip out of here to get home and look better for Declan?

Amanda solves that dilemma for me. "Is Carol still on the phone? And talking about her wedding?" she shrieks as she walks up behind me. "The word 'Elvira' must mean yes."

"Yes."

"Then tell her you have to go for your hot date! You have a billionaire to boink." She makes a shooing gesture toward my door. Carol and Amanda adore each other. They have a mutual interest in mocking me endlessly whenever they're together. I'm so glad I help people bond.

"Go! Boink! I'll call Amanda and trick her into babysitting for me," Carol says.

"Ooooh, good one!" I hang up before Carol changes her mind, and grab my purse. Amanda's phone is ringing before the outer door closes behind me. I walk down the concrete hall bathed in blinking fluorescent lights and look toward the main door's blast of sunlight through the window, the way a tiny vegetable shoot searches for the sun after it breaks through the outer shell of a seed.

And then-

I'm free.

My stomach flips like it's an Olympic diver, and my eagerness drains as I reach my car because...this is real. Serious. I have a date with a man who wouldn't have noticed me if he hadn't found me hiding in a men's-room stall with my hand down a toilet.

And yet...he's an intelligent, respected, gorgeous man with eyes that go hot when he looks at...me? I steady my breathing and let the rush of warmth fill me.

Even as I thrust the screwdriver into the lock and turn the car on, the burst of excitement that comes from knowing that he really wants to get to know me better turns into a tingling anticipation.

Because.

Because.

I'm free.

Chapter Seven

I'm not five minutes into driving home when my phone buzzes with a text. A few months ago I decided not to answer my phone while driving, so I ignore it like Simon Cowell at a preschool holiday choir festival. Driving with a cell phone pressed to your ear isn't illegal-yet-in Massachusetts, but I can't climb into a limo without ripping my skirt, or walk across a room in heels taller than a grasshopper, so should I really try to manage a two-ton vehicle and a mobile call at the same time?

My hands feel like bricks-white-knuckled bricks-by the time I pull into my parking spot and ding a plastic trash can as I slam the car into park and grab the phone. Three messages.

All from Steve.

"Blah," I say, tossing the phone back in my purse. As if I have time to even think about Steve right now. Somehow, in under an hour, I have to go from an ogre to a princess. And I'm no Cameron Diaz. No amount of effort is going to transform me from Plain Old Shannon to Imaginary Perfect Woman when it comes to this date with Declan.

Deep breath.

My mind seems to know this. I am enough. I-as I am-can have a wonderful time with a man a few years older than me, considerably more sophisticated, excessively more successful, and I can go toe to toe with him in the boardroom and the bedroom.

My entire body tightens. And not in the good way.

Can I?

Twelve deep breaths. That throat-tightening feeling, the ribcage that is a little too small, the spacey eyeball-floating thing-all of it recedes a bit. I am freaking out in my crappy car with minutes ticking away before Declan will show up, and somehow the only thoughts I can experience are those that undermine me. Ridicule me.

Invalidate me.

Who do I want to be? This? Quivering Shannon with insecurity issues, stuck in some kind of purgatory from Steve and filled with his ideas about who I am? Goofy Shannon with a hovermother and two sisters who view me as comedic relief?

How about I start seeing myself as Declan sees me. But what, exactly, does that mean? He's funny, intense, handsome, accomplished, and interesting. The only way to know what he thinks about me is to spend more time with him and to experience it. Tonight I will do exactly that. We'll talk, we'll walk, we'll dance that careful dance that crosses boundaries between our distinct selves as we perform a ritual.

For millennia men have pursued women with varying signals and women have responded with a plethora of replies. We're just a man and a woman with a spark between us. Whether it lights something on fire depends entirely on how strong that connection really is.

Or whether we can rub something hard enough to light a blaze.

Bzzzz.

Steve again. I smack my forehead with a quietly-muttered "Aha!", because that's my answer. I keep asking myself what on earth makes Declan want to date me.

And Steve, of all the people in the world, is the key.

Mr. Invalidator is undermining me by simply communicating with me. It's not even intentional. The content of what he's trying to communicate doesn't matter. Our shared past means that even being bzzzz'd by him carries an emotional message.

I snatch up the phone and, without reading his texts, delete them all. Then I delete Steve as a contact from my phone.

It feels like flushing a deeply clogged toilet after working for hours with a plunger and a snake to reach the goal. Whoosh!

Should have done that last year, but I couldn't. It felt like cutting off the stump of an amputated limb.

I close my eyes and feel. Feel. The air goes in as I inhale and I imagine breathing with Declan, our air mingling, intentions and suppositions and hopes and interest all swirling before us in an atmosphere of mutual enjoyment.

My eyelids flutter and as my eyes drift around I can see him, casual and smiling, laughing and quiet, nuzzling against me, my view obscured by the soft wave of his hair, by the layout of his eyelashes against his cheek, the look of light stubble across an iron jaw.

I inhale deeply and remember his scent, the mix of citrus and spice and something deeper, fragrant and infused with promise. The taste of wine on his lips, how fire and grapes mixed in our kisses to make a kind of ambrosia I want to experience again. And again.

And then I run my fingers lightly across my arm and remember the weight of his hot skin against mine. His arms claiming me, hands hungry to touch more of me, to combine our flesh and to revel in the nuance and the carnal.

How it felt like finding my way to a home I never knew I had.

Tap tap tap. I turn to look toward the sound and there's my mother's face pressed up against the window, her makeup smearing the glass as she presses a bright red kiss on my already-dirty window. The fact that it's off center annoys me even more.

"Hi, honey! We're here to make sure you go on your date looking good!" She lifts up her makeup bag. It's bigger than most NHL player duffel bags. Pink with silver buckles, that thing has more chemicals in it than a Monsanto pesticide lab.

"And my new mascara came. Four layers of color!" she squeals.

Four layers of torture and doom.

"Great," I say weakly, grabbing my purse and climbing out of the car. "My eyelashes will cross into three states."

Four days ago I was walking down the same apartment stairs I'm now walking up. I wore an elegant black dress, my mother embarrassed me thoroughly, I split my skirt, and I rode to one of the finest restaurants in Boston with a man I'd met just twelve hours earlier in a men's bathroom.

And now here I am...getting dolled up again for a date with the same guy. My eyeball has barely recovered from Mom's game of Pin the Eyeshadow on the Donkey on Monday.

She yammers a steady stream of words about Dad, yoga class, something involving the words "vaginal ultrasound" and "banana" and "online condom site." Because none of those words should ever be uttered in sequence, I have to block it all out. My dreams, though, will be vivid tonight, because the subconscious is like Chuckles.

Eventually you pay the price for simply existing.

I walk in my front door and a lovely surprise greets me. Chuckles is smiling-smiling!-with his eyes closed and ears tucked back, sitting in my dad's lap.

"Dad!" I shout, rushing to him. He stands and dumps Chuckles on the floor. The look Chuckles gives me convinces me that he has Feline Borderline Personality Disorder, and a chill runs through me. I'm about to be the target of one hell of a character attack.

Too bad, kitty, I think. Daddy's little girl always prevails. I glare back at him over my dad's shoulder as we hug and Chuckles slinks away. Ha. Score one for Shannon.

Pretty bad when the highlight of my day is beating my cat at being loved by my own father.

Dad looks...different. He's two years older than Mom, and has that middle-age paunch all the fathers of my friend have, except for Mort Jergenson, who runs ironman triathlons and makes my dad mutter about "showoffs" and how "only a trust fund baby could do that marathon shit" under his breath.

He conveniently ignores the fact that Amy does that marathon shit, too. She didn't qualify for the Boston Marathon last year, and everyone was sad for her when she got the news. Mom, however, was a sobbing mess on race day when the bombings happened, and for two hours no one could locate Amy, who had been in the city along the race path to cheer friends on. Fortunately, she was fine and back at mile twenty in the crowd.

This year she did run. And Dad couldn't be prouder.

If there's one thing my family has taught me, it's that being a hypocrite is nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, some people polish their badges and wear them like an award.

"Dad, what did you change?" I scrutinize him as we stand in the living room. He's beaming at me and Mom scowls.

"Look closely," he urges. Mom says nothing. That, alone, sends chills down my spine.

I frown and squint. Something about his face has changed. The clothes are the same-old jeans and a faded blue polo shirt. The same scuffed brown boat shoes he's owned since I've been alive. His hair is squirrelly and full of tight auburn curls, as always. Eyes are warm brown and hooded slightly by sagging eyelids that all my friends' parents seem to be getting. Except for the mothers who can afford lid tucks. Then they just look REALLY EXCITED ABOUT EVERYTHING. You can tell them the tag on their shirt is showing and THEY ARE JUST SO JAZZED.

It's like looking at a meerkat nonstop.

He rubs his chin. Then I see it. "You have a goatee!" I peer closer. "And it's red."

"Red" doesn't quite describe it. Dad's had a scruffy beard on and off for years. Gray took over at least since I was in third grade. This is a young man's color, a vibrant red that almost belongs on a punk skateboarder.

"He did it himself," Mom spits out, as if she were shooting a hocker ten feet in a contest. "Tell her what you used, Jason."

"Kool-Aid!" Dad says, crowing. He plants his thick, callused hands on his h*ps and beams at me, proud and glowing. It dawns on me that he only comes over to our apartment when something is broken or when Amy and I invited him and Mom over for dinner. Dad doesn't just drop in like Mom does.

"Kool-Aid?" I eye the clock on my coffee maker. 5:17 p.m. Damn. I want to talk, but...

"Yep! It looks great. Jeffrey says I'm the hippest grandpa around. And Amy agrees. Said I look like a hipster a decade ahead of my time."

"Dad, I don't think that was a compliment."

He looks like I slapped him. "Why not?" The sudden look of insecurity on his face makes me feel so bad, like the day I took the car cigarette lighter to the new leather seats in his Mustang to make pretty circles. It was his first brand-new car. I was five then and didn't know better. But now...

Mom touches his arm gently, with a great deal of pity, too. "Because 'hipster' means you're trying too hard."

"How would you know?" he growls at Mom, his eyebrows furrowing together into one big semi-gray caterpillar. He's hurt. Why does this stuff mean so much to him? To me? Why do we change ourselves in an effort to get approval from other people? And when we don't-or, worse, when we're mocked-why does it trigger so much pain?

I look at the clock. 5:20.

Why am I analyzing deep philosophical questions when I have a billionaire to dry hump in forty minutes?

"Amy's called me a 'hipster' more times than I can count," Mom says. "Especially when I showed up for Parents Weekend at her college freshman year in an outfit from Hot Topic."

That snaps me back to reality. "You didn't!" Poor Amy. She never told me that story. Probably repressed it.

Dad gets a hungry look in his eyes as he combs over Mom's body from toe to head. "She sure did. You looked like a sex kitten. Like a blonde Adrienne Barbeau. Sophia Loren. Raquel Welch." His hand reaches for her and she steps in toward him. His palm lands on her ass. I turn away.

"Jason," Mom coos.

Chuckles starts to gag. He's back on the chair where Dad was sitting with him.

"See? Even Chuckles can't stand it when his parents do this," I mutter.

And then Chuckles vomits all over my recliner. Half a mouse's body emerges.

"Oh, gross!" I shriek. Chuckles looks up and squints, like he's asking me what the hell is wrong with me for not being grateful for the offering. If Clint Eastwood were a cat, he'd be Chuckles.

Go ahead. Make my day.

"Don't you feed that poor cat?" Mom asks. Her hand is on my dad's ass now, too, and they're both massaging each other like asses are an endangered species and the only way to keep them alive is to rub them.

"I have a date," I choke out. "In less than forty minutes. And if I have to watch you two making love to each other with your hands, I am going to join a convent and never touch another man for the rest of my life. But before I do that, I'll take Chuckles' lead and vomit."

"We're grown adults with a healthy sexual appetite," Mom chides. Dad just gives her a look that makes Larry the Lounge Lizard seem prim.

But they stop touching each other. Whew.

"You're my parents," I snap back. "You have three kids. That means you had sex three times with a sheet covering you with a hole in it as far as I'm concerned. I can't have images of you being all squishy and touchy-feely in my head when I'm kissing Declan!"

Dad has that insecure look on his face again.

Damn.

"Declan," he chokes out. "Declan's the new guy? The one your mother thinks will get her that wedding at Farmington?"

"You just don't want to lose the bet," Mom says. She pulls out a hand towel, shakes it out, smoothes every wrinkle, and starts unloading makeup from her kit. It's like watching a surgeon get ready for a heart transplant. Her precision and focus is startling.

"What bet?" The words are out of my mouth before I realize I've just given her an opening the size of Rob Ford's nostrils to talk about whatever calamity this bet involves.

"We have a bet," Dad says with a sigh. At least he's gone back to looking like my dad and not like a horny teenager.

"About me?"

"About Farmington Country Club. I bet your mother than none of you three kids will ever get married there."

"What's the wager?" I am really, really afraid to ask.

Mom is holding what looks like a giant pizza-oven paddle in her hand. She reaches into the bag and pulls out a jar of pancake makeup. Oh, crap.

"Your father gets to try something I've never let him do in more than thirty years of our being together."

Amy happens to walk in just as Mom is explaining and asks, "Anal?"

Chapter Eight

Dad's eyes bug out. Mine stretch so far across the room I think they're going to fall out a window. Only Mom stays calm and waves the hand with the makeup paddle in it. "Oh, no, honey. We already-"

"MARIE!" Dad bellows. He glares at Amy like she's a complete stranger who just accosted him. "And Amelia Langstrom Jacoby, what do you think you're doing talking about...well...that around us?"

"She's the one who lent me those Fifty Shades books, Jason," Mom says in a sotto voce. As if we can't hear her. My apartment is so small, Chuckles can hear her from the roof.

"Oh." There are moments in our family where poor dad has to deal with being the only testicle owner in a field of ovaries. Having the toilet seat down nonstop for thirty-plus years is one of those issues. Learning where to park at the mall to get that perfect balance between being close to an entrance but out of our teen girlfriends' sight is another. Dealing with four periods at different times took a kind of engineer's calibration to get just right. And a lot of mad rushes to the grocery store to get the perfect ice cream to make our Medusa heads behave.

And this is another one-hearing his now-adult daughter, his baby, talk about anal sex. And having his wife join right in.

I-I have a ton of sympathy for him, because I. Do. Not. Want. To. Hear. About. This. At all. Ever. I could go my entire life without thinking about anal sex itself (or mostly not thinking about it...), but the thought of my parents reading my sister's borrowed copy of Fifty Shades of Grey and then using that as some kind of blueprint to try out-

This is how desire dies. My formerly warm-for-his-form nether regions can't think about Declan now without imagining Mom and Dad in a Red Room of Pain. No wonder Mom's asking about helicopters and billionaires.

"Why are you talking about anal sex when Shannon's date will be here in twenty-three minutes?" Amy asks.

Dad turns a shade of red that perfectly matches his beard. Whoa. Didn't know that vasodilation could produce that color.

"I wasn't talking about it! You started it!" he sputters.

Mom approaches me with a mascara wand that looks like she used it as a dipstick in a sixty-year-old tractor on a farm. "We need to do those eyes!" She sniffs the air around my neck. "Did you shower this morning?"

"Yes."

"Hmmph. You wouldn't know it." She glances at the clock. "No time for a shower. Maybe you should just douche."

All of the color drains out of Dad's face. Now he looks like he has Ronald McDonald's hair plastered on his chin, like he just experienced the McDonald's version of the Donner Party.

"Nobody douches nowadays, Mom!" Amy protests. "What guy wants a mouthful of petrochemicals and perfume?"

Dad turns the color of cheap photocopy paper.

"You need a chair, Dad?" I'm worried he's about to faint, and I cannot have anyone fainting in my apartment a mere nineteen minutes before I need to sprint out the door and engage in professionally inappropriate groping with my client.

"Actually, yes," Dad mutters.

He sits down right on top of Chuckles' mouse victim.

"You ever have that 'not so fresh feeling'?" Amy asks Dad.

"Oh, God," he groans. His brows connect again and he places his hands on the arms of the chair. My eye catches the glint of sunlight off his gold watch and a second of unreality pours through me. Watch. What's it like to wear a watch?

He pushes up and hovers, frozen in place, his butt in the air.

I don't like to think about my father's butt.

"JASON!" Mom screams. "I can't believe you sat on a dead mouse!"

Tap tap tap.

All four of us spin toward the sound. I look at the clock-5:53-before turning toward the inevitable.

Declan McCormick is the kind of guy who shows up just a little early.

A little too early.

Dad stands up all the way. Mom bum-rushes me and bodily forces me into my bedroom. Amy runs her fingers through her hair and I see her checking herself in the steely reflection of the stove's backsplash. A flash of jealousy roars up in me, like it did with Jessica back at the restaurant.

"You need to clean yourself up now! Jason will keep him occupied and Amy can keep him happy."

Now I'm seeing green. "Amy will most certainly NOT keep Declan happy!" I say in a sound that can only be described as slightly panther-like, including the baring of fangs I did not know I possess.

Mom is ripping a vent brush through my hair and shoving a pair of clear, red-thing underwear my way. "Here."

"What's this? A scrunchie?"

"No. Your sister's underpants."

"You want me to wear Amy's thong?"

"Shannon," she says, exasperated as she pulls my hair into a braid, "fashion designers do make underwear smaller than a semaphore flag, you know? Men love butt floss."

She snaps my braid against my back and the screech screech of metal hangers against the closet bar tell me she's in my wardrobe, trying to find something perfect. I can't see her because I'm pulling off my shirt, but then I stop when I realize my bedroom door is still open.

I peek out. Dad is crossing the room and now he's shaking Declan's hand. The back of Dad's jeans are disgusting. The half-dead mouse is stuck to the mess.

And then-plop.

It falls to the ground and bounces between his legs, right into the space between him and Declan.

Mom mercifully closes the door as I whimper.

"It will be fine," she soothes, pulling my shirt over my head. Her threaded brows nearly cross. "My God, Shannon, when did you last buy a new bra? Before iPhones were invented?"

"Nothing wrong with it. It's comfortable."

She laughs. "Comfort has nothing to do with dating!" I look on my bed. She's laid out a hot-pink spaghetti-strap top, a short tan skirt, and a pashmina. Plus heels that have to be Amy's, because if I walk on those I'll look like one of the misfit toys from Toy Story.

"We're going on a picnic. In the woods. On a hiking trail," I say slowly.

"I know. I aimed for a practical look."

"You missed. It's like you aimed for New York City and hit Hawaii instead."

"I have impeccable fashion taste!"

"For decorating Russian email order brides." Red g-string, hot-pink top, tan miniskirt that shows whether I used a hedge trimmer or not, and come-hump-me-and-give-my-mom-billionaire-grandbabies pumps.

"Shannon!" Desperation shines in her eyes. Or maybe that's just the new colored contacts she got to add some mystery. They're a shade of violet that could only be made in a New Jersey chemical plant.

"I am wearing hiking boots, jeans, a long-sleeved shirt, and very little makeup."

Mom reaches for her heart like she's having palpitations. "You can't!" She looks like that old dude from the '70s sitcom Mom and Dad watch on cable. The guy who works at a junkyard and shouts, "I'm coming, Elizabeth!" and fakes a heart attack whenever he doesn't like something his son says.

I think those TV writers knew my mom.

"I will!" I really won't, but right now I have a really amazing guy I'd like to have ask me out again, but my dad is offering up half-digested rodents from his ass. At this rate, I'll be lucky to get second-hand email forwards from Declan's assistant.

"Why would you do that?" she cries, trying to block me from my own dresser and closet.

In full panic mode as the swirl of everything threatens to take over, I reach into my top drawer and pull out a pair of faded light blue underpants. They're so old the cloth has worn away in parts, leaving bare elastic.

"Step away from my closet or I'll wear these!"

"Noooooo!" she screams. It's loud. So loud my dad bursts through the door two seconds later.

I'm standing in my ancient bra and work pants, holding a pair of underwear that really shouldn't be allowed to be used as rags for washing the car. My hair is in a gorgeous braid, but Mom is holding a giant can of Aqua Net now and the nozzle is pointed right at me.

"Whatever's going on, don't blind the poor girl, Marie!" Dad shouts.

Declan is standing just close enough to Amy to make me want to claw her eyes out, and the two lean toward each other as they peer into my bedroom. Eyebrows shoot up to hairlines-one auburn, one dark-and a familiar expression crosses Declan's face.

Yet again, I've embarrassed the crap out of myself and he's amused.

This is getting old. Fast.

"Get in here, Jason!" Mom mumbles, grabbing his arm. "You have dead mouse cooties all over you."

"I can't change, Marie," he says, holding his hands up in a gesture of helplessness. "I don't have a spare set of clothes anywhere."

"Shannon must have a pair of sweatpants that fit you."

Dad is six feet two and about 240 pounds. I'm a good six inches shorter and don't weigh that much. His belly is right where my waist is. There is no way I own a pair of pants that will fit him, and I tell Mom this. In the language of Dog Whistle.

"Get your special sweats for your dad. You have a pair," she says in a tough-as-nails voice.

"Special what?"

"For that time of the month."

"We're supposed to wear special pants when we're bleeding? I thought that was a Jewish ritual or something."

Mom sighs heavily. "For when you're bloated."

"For when I'm-oooohhhh," I mutter. Now I get it. I hate when she's right. I march over to my dresser and reach into the top. My XXL flannel jammy bottoms are like stretching a hot-air balloon over a blimp.

And four to five days a month, I live in them. A few pints of ice cream and a lot of salt 'n' vinegar potato chips do, too.

Dates start out in many ways. Most begin with the first meet-up. Your place, his, the bar, the restaurant. Whatever. The specifics aren't important-the simple joining of two bodies into one shared space is, though.

I'll bet that in the expanse of time, space, and millions-billions!-of dates throughout history, none of them started with cat puke on a father's ass and ended with him wearing his daughter's period sweats.

"You want me to wear what?" Dad roars. Roars! My father is many things-warm, kind, unfailingly patient (because you have to be in order to stay married to my mother)-but "dominant male" is the lowest thing on his list of attributes. His shoulders seem to expand and muscles in his neck pop out, like he's becoming the Hulk.

"Anything is better than dead mouse," Mom says with a sigh. She doesn't seem to see the massive transformation in Dad.

"Wearing my daughter's..." He can't say "period."

Tap tap tap.

Chapter Nine

I'm still wearing just a bra and work pants. A flush of panic chills my skin as I remember that Declan is just a handful of feet away, waiting for me, and probably hearing every word of my parents' argument over my menstrual wardrobe.

"Shannon?" Amy says through the door. Her voice is hushed, but I can make out her words. "You might want to get moving. Declan's here."

"I know he's here," I say back. "I saw you talking to him." My voice sounds like that pea-soup-spewing chick from The Exorcist.

"I am also cleaning up the cat mess," she says through what sounds like clenched teeth.

I'm struck dumb. Dumb. I can't believe Declan just witnessed that. Welcome to my apartment!

Welcome to my crazy life.

"Thank you," I whisper back with genuine emotion. "I appreciate that."

"You owe me."

"I owe everyone."

"Including me," Mom adds, "because we are going to make you beautiful." She has four-four!-tubes of mascara lined up and I swear she's mixing joint compound into the under-eye concealer.

"Shannon doesn't need any of that," Dad says to Mom, reaching for her hand. "She's beautiful right now. Look at her." And then he realizes I'm not wearing a shirt, tearing his eyes away and turning his back to me.

"Dad, please," I say. "Wear my jammy pants." He takes them from my bed and walks slowly to the door, completely silent. The gentle click of the door closing after he leaves feels like a rebuke.

I throw on the shirt I'd planned to wear all along, kick off my shoes, peel off my stockings, and shimmy out of my pants. Mom turns away, but flings the red thong at me. It lands on my head like a deranged spider.

Ignoring it, I grab a pair of simple bikini underwear and my well-worn jeans, and I finish getting dressed. Then I take care of basic hygiene with deodorant, and tuck my shirt in. If it's chilly tonight, a sweater would work. Mom watches with the preying eyes of a hawk.

A hawk with an eyelash curler clutched in her talons.

My lightweight v-neck made from a blend of silk and cashmere is perfect, so I tie it around my waist. I can't run to the bathroom without having Declan see me, so I do what I can with my own makeup at my vanity on top of my dresser, ignoring Mom, whose silence has turned lethal.

Aside from needing to brush my teeth before putting on lipstick, the Shannon looking back at me from the mirror looks pretty good. Brown hair pulled back in a lovely braid, I have that fresh-faced, naturally athletic look, with my skin clear and a light layer of makeup applied to make it look outdoorsy. Brown eyes framed by a little mascara and a hint of eyeliner look more excited than scared. My nose is exactly where it's always been, and my cheeks are flushed with a mix of applied color and organic arousal.

"You look like a fifteen-year-old going on her first date, Shannon. Like one of those athletic types."

"We're going hiking, so that's perfect!"

"You're not going hiking. You're going on a charm mission."

"A what?" What the hell is a charm mission? I have visions of debutantes wearing handguns on their thighs and rappelling down glass skyscrapers in Jimmy Choo heels.

Mom smoothes the wrinkles at my shoulders and tucks a loose wave of hair behind my ear, tweaking my look with little ministrations that used to annoy me when I was younger. These days, they make me feel loved.

"Charm mission. You're auditioning, Shannon." She lets a huge rush of air come out in one big whoosh. "Don't you see that?" Her voice changes from exasperated to concerned, as if it dawns on her, mid-breath, that I really don't view this situation through the same lens that she does.

"It's a date. Not an audition. There's no role I'm trying out for."

Her laugh is a little too cynical for my poor anxious self, because the sound of it pouring out of her makes all the hair on my arms stand up.

"Oh, honey, yes you are. You're too na?ve to see it." She shakes her head and takes a deep breath, her words coming out as she exhales. "Men like Declan McCormick require a certain kind of woman."

"Steve required a certain kind of woman. See how well that went?" I just hope it's not the same certain kind of woman. A mental image of Jessica Coffin chooses that exact moment to invade my brain. I shove it away and replace it with one involving Declan's hands, my ass, and a kiss that crowds everything else out.

Her eyes go troubled on my behalf. Or maybe she's actually reflecting on my words. Then she says: "Steve and Declan are nothing alike."

"Because Declan comes from money?" Steve wasn't born into it. He scraped and clawed his way up. Declan's family-according to Amanda's research-has been rich longer than the United States has existed. Something about shipping and mining. Her words trickle trough my subconscious as Mom continues.

"No-not because Declan has more money. Because Steve is a scrabbler. Always has been, and always will be. His sense of self depends entirely on whether his ambition is being filled. If he feels like he's making progress, then his identity feels secure. If he's standing still or falling back, then he loses who he is."

She's gone wistful, and Mom doesn't do wistful. I am acutely aware of the ticking of time, and of Declan's presence behind that door, and yet I'm riveted. I've never heard my mother wax rhapsodic about anything other than new spring colors in the latest Lululemon fashion campaign.

"Honey," she says, her hands on my shoulders. Our faces are a foot from each other and her eyes shimmer under something that isn't quite tears. "Declan knows who he is. There's a quiet confidence that men from his kind of family possess. It's easy to be with someone like that when you know who you are."

She frowns. "But if you don't-if the deep core of Shannon isn't anchored-then being with him can feel like you're lost. The world around you will insist that you're standing on solid ground, and then one day you'll realize you're just balanced really well atop an enormous piece of driftwood in the middle of the ocean."

A prickly heat begins where my heart lives. She's not talking about me and Declan. She's talking about her.

And someone other than my dad.

"How do you know this, Mom?" I whisper. Nothing else matters right now. Her eyes are filled with pain and memory, and she opens her mouth to respond, time moving slower than normal.

Tap tap tap. "Shannon?" It's Declan's voice now.

Damn. "Almost ready!" I say so brightly I could light Los Angeles at night through sheer cheeriness.

Mom's face goes back to neutral. What just passed between us feels too important not to talk about, and yet...

I grab my purse and check for everything I need. Wallet, cash, makeup, EpiPen-

"You have your EpiPens?" she asks, as if reading my mind.

I pull both of them out of my purse and wave them like magic wands. Which they kind of are.

"Yep. One in case and one as backup."

Worry flickers in her eyes. "Don't stray too far from a path. You know what happened last time you were stung."

I'm highly allergic, as we learned in kindergarten when I stepped on a bee and my foot blew up. I've been stung twice since then, and the last time the anaphylactic reaction was bad enough to cause throat swelling.

"It'll be dusk soon. Not much chance."

"But still." Her voice shifts to a register that makes my heart ache. I remember how terrified she was for the two bee stings she was there for. The third happened three years ago when I was still in college, and while the paramedics were fast and acted effectively, it was harrowing and horrifying.

I'm careful, though. Determined, methodical, and I know exactly what to do down to the letter. If stung, call 911. Then swallow Benadryl. Inject myself with an EpiPen. Get to safety quickly. Receive medical attention. That's it.

Oh. And pray.

I've been trained on EpiPen use. I take first-aid classes and CPR classes every year. I've watched videos over and over on treating anaphylactic reactions to bee stings, and I've been lectured by countless doctors. Mom and Dad had a 504 plan for me in school-like a special plan for kids with medical issues that might interfere with schooling-and while life doesn't offer adults 504 plans, I have had to develop one in my own mind.

"I am fine, Mom."

"You've never been the outdoorsy type. I don't understand why he can't just take you to that lovely restaurant at the top of Prudential building."

I do not confess that I haven't told Declan about my allergies. Who throws that out after being asked on a date? Third date. Deadly allergies are definitely third-date material.

"I'll be fine." My voice has an edge. I can feel it as the words come out. It's threatening to cut me. I have to get out of here.

Alarm speeds through her face as she looks at me. Really looks at me. "Of course you will." She straightens her shoulders. "You'll be fine. It's your father I have to worry about. Do you have any idea what he must be going through out there, talking to a billionaire while wearing flannel pajama pants with penguins all over them?"

Bzzzzz. My phone and Mom's phone buzz at the exact same time with a text.

It's Steve's mother's phone, which is still in my contacts list. "I know that's not Monica, because Monica can barely dial a mobile phone, much less figure out how to text. Leave me alone, Steve!" I mutter.

I read the text:

Dinner. Tomorrow night. You and me. I'm buying. :) Steve

"Say yes," Mom says. I look up, expecting her to be reading over my shoulder, but she's looking at her own phone. Then I realize Steve has copied my MOM into the same text message.

"He invited you, too?"

"No. He started looping me in to your texts to make sure I tell you to answer him."

I have seven thousand ways to respond to that, most of which involve throwing something at his smug face. But then I realize that if I don't see him, this will never end. It's easier to have a farewell dinner than to keep ignoring him.

Fine. I text back. Make reservations at the same restaurant we were at yesterday. Seven. KTHXBYE!

I do that for two reasons. 1) He hates to spend money. Too bad. 2) He hates textspeak.

Okay, maybe for a third...because a part of me does want to see him.

"Shannon," Declan says from behind the door. "If this is a bad night..."

I grab the doorknob like it's a life preserver and yank it open.

There's Dad, wearing my penguin pants, looking about as comfortable as Steve at a monster truck pull. Declan is the picture of calm and cool, unruffled and in the moment, though he seems primed, ready to move on and get the hell out of here.

Me too. Not the calm part, but the leaving part.

I pull Dad aside. "May I have a word?" Declan's eyes scan my body as I try to catch his gaze to communicate that I'm happy to see him and that I'll be with him in a minute. I fail because Declan's too busy staring at my ass. Then my boobs. Back to my ass.

Men.

"Earlier in the week, when I went out with Declan, she shouted about prom and kissing through the open window. Please don't let her do that when we leave. Please." I keep my voice low. Declan leaves a decent distance between us, but I think he can hear.

I'm trying not to snicker at my dad's outfit. He can tell.

"I promise," Dad says, but he's uncertain. Then his eyes light up. "I could keep her distracted, though."

"Yes!"

"But..." He waggles his eyebrows like there's a bug crawling on them. It's weird enough that I c**k my head and study him.

"Are you having a stroke?" I ask. I've read that people over fifty are more prone to get them.

"No!"

"Then what's this?" I imitate him.

He bursts out laughing, tipping his head back. Declan looks at me with a quizzical look. I shake my head lightly and mouth, I'll tell you later.

"That's an old man trying to tell you I could distract your mother by attacking her," Dad explains.

"Ewww." I look at my open bedroom door. "Just do it in Amy's room, okay?" I want to be able to sleep in my bed without having to call a priest to do a sexorcism.

He pulls his head back as if struck, then says sternly, "We would never have sex in your or Amy's bed!"

"Good."

"Only on your kitchen table," Mom calls out.

"MOM!" Amy shouts.

"I kid!" Mom shudders. "I would never touch your father with dead mouse germs all over him." She eyes him, leaning against my kitchen counter, two penguins trapped under his hip as he sips a cup of coffee. "Then again, he's kind of cute in those jammy bottoms."

Chapter Ten

Declan's eyes lock with mine.

My mind goes quiet. The shift is so fast that it leaves a sort of ringing in my consciousness, like there's an echo of the hustle-bustle of the craziness that just came to an abrupt halt. Like ringing a gong and hearing the lingering peal minutes later. It can't be real, yet your mind invents it.

The clarity feels false, even though it isn't. His eyes, though, tell me that it's very much real. He smiles when he sees me, the grin a full expression of pleasure. There's no leer, nothing suggestive, and it's not one bit sultry.

It's the smile of a guy who is happy to see me.

"You're clothed," he points out. "You look nice."

"And she doesn't look nice unclothed?" Mom asks with a tone of offense in her voice.

I blink rapidly. "I know what he means, Mom. He saw me with just my bra-" I say, rushing to fill the awkwardness.

Declan cuts me off, his words overpowering mine with a steady firmness that makes me go silent even though I've not been asked. "She looks beautiful all the time." His tone makes Mom pause and blush, as if she's the one in the wrong. Commanding and absolutely certain of his own words, Declan is poised, confident, strong-

And wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Faded Levi's that look like he was poured into them, with a silky cotton t-shirt the color of soft moss. Like me, he has a shirt tied around his waist, except his is a flannel tartan plaid. He's wearing hiking boots that look well-used.

L.L. Bean could put him in a catalog and see a spike in sales. Women would lick the pages. Rugged sensuality oozes off him as he stares at me, though his words were for Mom.

Even Dad stands still with anticipation, waiting for Declan's cue.

Mom clears her throat, thinking she should speak. "Of course she is."

"You two need to get going," Dad says. I realize the washing machine is on. He must be washing his jeans. "We'll be there for a while."

Mom's just staring at Declan. He is focused on me. Chuckles is staring at the trash can, where Amy set the half-devoured mouse corpse on top of a precariously full pile of garbage.

"Let's go," I declare, grabbing Declan's hand. It's warm and soft and as his fingers squeeze mine a rush of heat fills me from head to toe.

But mostly right smack in my center.

I pull him down my front steps, which are so much easier to navigate in hiking boots, then stop. The only car that could possibly be his is a gleaming black SUV with a hood ornament that is code for luxury.

"This is mine. Climb on in," he says, reluctantly letting go of my hand and unlocking the vehicle. The aroma of his cologne and well-kept leather waft out as I open the door, and when I slide into the passenger seat it's like riding on a stick of soft butter. Why can't they make panties out of this kind of upholstery?

"Nice," I say, meaning it. The dashboard looks like something out of the movie Serenity, with more gadgets than I knew existed.

Declan catches me gawking and says, "It gets me where I need to go."

"What's your other car? The TARDIS?"

He laughs. That was a test. Any man who doesn't know his basic Doctor Who lingo isn't getting to first base with me.

Oh. Wait. He already has...

He starts the car, puts it in reverse, then pauses. Putting it back in park, he turns to me, his strong hand moving from the gearshift to my shoulder. Warm eyes meet mine and he says:

"Your dad was interesting. Is having a dead mouse drop in between us like that some sort of sign? Is it your family's version of a horse head in my bed?"

I can't laugh. Can't scream, can't cry, can't anything. "That's a mating ritual," I finally squeak out.

He cocks one eyebrow and my lady parts all faint from sheer overwhelm.

"Did I pass?" His slow smile makes me melt.

"My cat coughed up the mouse right before you arrived," I confess.

"Your sister told me." He laughs. "I seem to bring some kind of trouble whenever I'm around you."

My turn to raise an eyebrow, because-huh? He's taking this on? I'm the one who has a dark cloud of surreal weirdness hovering over her. And I don't mean my mother.

"It's not you. It's me," I say.

"Don't you need to save that line for when we break up?"

"We're not together-" He cuts me off with a kiss that makes my toes curl, then pulls back, his palm caressing my jaw, thumb rubbing against the exact spot where my pulse was jamming like a reggae band.

"Let's go drink wine in the woods and gorge on chocolate-covered strawberries," he says, pulling away. He throws the car in reverse and begins to pull out of the spot.

"Are you sure you're not part female?" I joke.

His eyes are dark and smoky, with a possessiveness I now know I'm not imagining. A raw attraction makes the air between us seem electrified. The car comes to a halt and he's on me, mouth and hands everywhere, the interior space of the SUV narrowing to a pinprick, as if all time and space were in his palms, the soft skin of his mouth, the eager need of his tongue. My hands sink into his hair, roam down his neck and over his shoulders, our mouths and arms and legs searching for some truth we need to take a lot of time to find.

"Apparently I have something to prove," he says, breathing hard against my ear, my fingers pausing at his waist, wanting to pull his shirt up so I can touch his hot skin. His chest rises and falls, pushing into my own yielding flesh as I burn with need for him. If I weren't sitting in the passenger seat of a car my legs would wrap around his waist of their own volition and I'd violate public indecency laws right here in my own driveway, stripping us both na**d and steaming the windows.

"You do?" is all I can manage to say.

"I'm all man, Shannon. Let's make sure you know it by the time the night is over." His eyes bore into mine. He is the only thing in the world right now. A thin sheen of sweat covers me, making his body slide against mine, our shirts tangled along with our limbs. My ni**les tingle and I feel a direct line between every molecule in the space between us and my giant, throbbing self.

I can feel how much man he is.

I reach for him, pulling his head to mine, my own boldness a swift surprise. He doesn't need to prove one damn thing to me.

"Just kiss me like that again," I whisper.

He doesn't answer with words.

