Chapter One

Lana Hawkins stared through the glass door to watch the owner of the building as he typed up some document on his computer. Kent Anderson was the sexiest man she'd ever seen and far out of her league. He owned the entire Anderson Corporation and was worth billions. Looking like a sex god meant there were many women begging for his attention, glamorous women with the time and money to make themselves available to him. Kent had been seen with many super models and actresses. When she'd been waiting for the bus she'd read the article in a glossy mag that linked him to several p**n stars as well.

Way out of her league in every way.

She worked in his office from seven at night 'til twelve. The late shift money helped pay her rent, while the diner she worked in during the day gave her the money to eat. The latest recession hit her hard. She wasn't smart and didn't have the qualification to get any better paying job. Being a cleaner and waitressing were fun. She loved making places clean, and her small apartment was immaculate.

His blond hair caught the light of the lamp by his desk side. The golden strands looked silken, and she wanted to run her fingers through his hair to see if they were as soft as they looked.

You're going insane. Working this job has built up a fantasy inside your head.

Ignoring the impulse to speak to him, she picked up her dusting cloth and started working throughout the top floor of the office. On several of the desks lay empty sweet wrappers. Lana picked them up, then threw them into her trashcan. She didn't know how some people could work in mess or even function.

Humming to herself, Lana worked through each desk making it spotlessly clean for the next day. She loved cleaning. There was no chance of her getting emotionally attached to anyone. The cleaning company she worked for required one person on each floor of the building to clean that one floor at the Anderson Corporation. She worked on the top floor after the staff had gone home. The job description saved her from getting her heart-broken again. Her last boyfriend of two years had left her over a year ago. Frank had taken two years of her life and crushed her heart as well as what little ego she'd kept. There was no way she'd ever let another man get inside her heart or her head. When she'd first been with Frank, he'd been a caring, loving boyfriend. In the last year of their relationship he'd changed. Frank started getting angrier, and he'd lash out. Lana hated being one of the women who made excuses, but she ended up finding reasons for his behaviour. Fortunately, Frank never put her in the hospital as otherwise she'd be in trouble. Since Frank had worked his magic on her while dumping her, she refused to allow another man inside her heart or her body. She liked living alone in her spotless apartment with nothing to look forward to other than her weekend ritual of baking. Her neighbours loved her baking, and that's how her life was going to remain. Careful, organised, and peaceful, the three words were her motto.

Baking, reading, cooking, cleaning, and work.

She let out a sigh then grabbed the vacuum cleaner to start cleaning the floor. During the summer months she kept the windows open to allow dust and fresh air to permeate the office. It was the middle of fall going into winter. Opening the windows would only freeze her.

Going back to her humming, she started cleaning around each desk.

Every so often Lana looked up to see Kent reading in his office. Sometimes he typed on his computer. He didn't look her way at all. She didn't mind. Cleaning ladies were supposed to be invisible to everyone else. The company she worked for held a standard that she prided herself in keeping. Lana may not hold any qualifications, but she could make the places she worked at shine.

None of the customers she served in the diner complained about her service. She took pride in being able to excel at what she did. Lana had graduated from high-school at eighteen and had worked every day since to keep herself alive. Her mother had lived in a trailer park, and she'd moved out the moment school finished. College was a big fat no. Lana got by on what little she knew. She could read, write, and spell, but everything else had been really difficult for her to deal with.

It was hard for her to concentrate during high-school because of her mother's drinking and late night callers. Even though her mother denied being a whore, there were plenty of men willing to pay her for services rendered.

At school she'd been the fat daughter of the drunken, town whore. Lana had vowed to get away. She hated the men who tried to sneak into her bedroom late at night when her mother was passed out.

To be safe, she'd climbed out of her window and gone down to the lake where an old ratty sofa lay. She'd curled up in a blanket she kept in her backpack. Those nights were only during the summer. When it was too cold to leave the trailer, she'd wedged a chair against the handle stopping anyone from coming in.

Her mother was a light sleeper, so anyone banging on her daughter's bedroom door would wake her up. None of the men would risk her mother's wrath to get to fatty Lana.

Shaking her head, Lana put more effort into vacuuming. She hated thinking about the past. The past left a bad taste in her mouth. Her mother wasn't a bad woman, but she wasn't a great one either. She preferred to drink and sleep with plenty of men rather than help her daughter graduate with a decent education.

Lana didn't know who her father was or what he looked like. She figured he was one of the numerous men to go inside her mother's trailer. Shaking off the negative thoughts, she wheeled out a chair and vacuumed underneath the desks. She occasionally glanced at the family photos on people's desks, and envy struck her big time.

After the Frank betrayal, she wasn't going to chance it again. She'd always wanted a family, but family came at a cost she refused to pay.

Glancing up at Kent in his office, lust hit her square in the gut. He was another man who'd never look at her twice.

Stop it, Lana. Get your work done, and go home.

****

Kent Anderson watched the cleaner working outside his office. He'd noticed her from the moment she started working in his building. Phoning the firm, he'd gotten her moved up to his floor. He liked watching her work, and he'd taken it upon himself to care for her. They'd never spoken a word to each other. She'd smiled at him, and he'd smiled back but nothing beyond that. He'd seen her nerves and understood the reason she held herself back. Every employee underwent a background check. When he'd employed the cleaning firm he'd gotten detailed background checks done on the men and women the company sent over to him. Lana Hawkins was a thorough worker and sexy as hell.

She wore the pale blue cleaning uniform that hid her curves from his view. Watching her bend over to clean or pick something up was the highlight of his day. She'd never ventured inside his office because he'd given the cleaning company strict orders to leave his office alone.

Being a successful businessman had created many enemies. He'd encountered a lot of people who were willing to do whatever it took to make money, even if earning money meant stealing files from him. Kent didn't trust anyone. They were all bad news. The only person he trusted was himself.

Lana Hawkins, however, was a problem to him. Her file gave him everything he needed to know about her. She didn't have anything but the standard high-school education, and she worked two jobs to make ends meet. Her apartment was small in a good part of the city.

There was nothing fascinating about her. When he'd dug a little deeper, he'd discovered her mother was a drunk with loose morals and Lana had used to live in a trailer. The woman before him looked like she'd had a hard life, and for some reason that bothered Kent.

What was it about her that hit him in the gut?

He loved women. He loved f**king them and making them scream his name, but he also liked leaving them. Kent didn't do permanent relationships. The women he bedded knew the score. They could stay, have a great f**k, and leave at the end of the night. He didn't allow his women to stay over, and there was no way he'd butter them up. When he wanted sex, he'd call and take what he wanted.

Jewels, wining, and dining were for couples who wanted forever. He'd taken a few of his women out to dinner in order to keep the press happy. The women knew it wasn't anything but a show to keep the media happy.

Being a businessman wasn't about being a nice guy. Kent saw what he wanted, took it, and enjoyed it. He was ruthless and made no jokes about what he wanted.

She's different.

Lana was different from all of his other women. He expected her to try to make him notice her. Moving her to his floor he'd expected some sort of flirtation. He'd gotten nothing. Her uniform remained the big, bulky pale blue uniform, and her dark brown hair was tied back in a ponytail. She didn't wear makeup or spend hours trying to gain his attention.

If anything, Kent felt like he didn't exist in her company. She came to the office floor, worked, packed everything away, and walked home.

He'd followed her home. Lana made him feel like a stalker. She'd become an obsession to him.

Clicking off his computer, he watched as she started packing her cleaning stuff away.

"It's a cold night out," he said, gaining her attention.

She jerked, turning to face him. "Excuse me?" she asked.

He noticed she pushed a strand of hair off her face as she stared at him.

"It's a cold night out. How are you getting home?"

Her hand moved to her side. She fisted her hand as her gaze moved toward the windows. "I'm walking."

Lana turned her back to him and continued packing away her stuff. He stared at her back for several minutes, admiring the lush curves of her ass.

What would she do if he reached out and touched her?

She'd have your ass down to court for sexual harassment.

"I don't like the thought of a woman walking home. Put your stuff away and meet me at my car. I'll be waiting for you," Kent said. He walked past her going to the elevator. She was staring at him in shock. Winking at her, Kent waited for the doors to close.

The elevator started to move taking him down to the parking lot. His prized possession sat in the top parking space. He nodded at security and then climbed behind the wheel. Sliding his key into the ignition, he felt his baby purr to life.

He loved his car. Turning the radio off, he sat and waited for Lana to arrive.

Checking his watch, he noted ten minutes had passed.

Once another ten minutes passed, Kent drove to the security guard on duty.

"How can I help you, Mr Anderson?" the guard asked.

"I'm waiting for a woman. I was wondering if you could tell me where she is so I know how long to wait?" Kent tapped his fingers on the steering wheel as the guard clicked away at his computer.

"Sir, no one is in the building. It's shut down for the night."

"Are you sure?"

"All lights are off, and the security code was punched in five minutes ago by Lana Hawkins. She's the cleaning lady with the instruction of closing up if you're not there," the guard said.

Kent cursed. "Thanks," he said.

He waited, impatiently, for the gate to open. She'd gone without him. Why didn't she listen to him? He'd offered to give her a lift home, and she'd left him high and dry.

What would you do if a stranger offered to take you home?

Shit! His obsession for a woman he'd never really talked to was driving him insane.

Chapter Two

Lana walked down the street heading toward the late night bus. She walked all the way home when she missed the bus. Checking her clock, she had two minutes to get to the end of the street. She'd worked faster tonight, and getting the bus seemed to be in her favour. The shops were all closed up, and several teenagers were lurking around. Many of the people on the street were smoking and drinking. She ignored them all as she made her way to the bus stop.

Hitching her purse high on her shoulder, she kept walking, determined to get the bus. Getting the bus took over thirty minutes off her travelling time. She couldn't believe Kent had offered to drive her home. Thinking his offer was some kind of joke she'd ignored it, packed up the cleaning equipment, and headed out. Until today she'd never had to worry about using the security code she'd been given. Kent leaving before her finally gave her the opportunity to use the code to secure the building. The company had given her the code because she'd been given plenty of recommendations from other companies. She'd worked for several firms before settling for the firm she was now working for.

She saw the brake lights on the bus up ahead. Picking up her pace she tried to catch the bus.

A car pulled alongside her.

"I offered you a lift," Kent said. The window to the expensive car rolled down. Kent stared at her, waiting. She stopped when she saw it was really him. He'd driven in her direction?

"I'm going to catch the bus. Thank you for your offer," she said.

The car followed her. Stopping, she turned to him. "Get in the car, Lana."

"I don't know you."

"You've been working in my building for the last six months. You know I'm not a murderer or a ra**st. Get in the car, and I'll drive you home."

Nibbling her lip, she looked at the bus.

"I really appreciate the offer. Yes, I work in your building, but I don't know you. I'm going to catch the bus."

She started walking and stopped when she noticed the bus pulling away. Tears filled her eyes at missing her ride.

"Don't cry. Get in the car. I'll take care of you."

Why? No one else takes care of me. Why would you want to?

Her pity party was back.

Turning back to him, she saw his blue eyes up close for the first time ever. She'd watched him at a safe distance, working around him. His eyes were a clear blue like the ocean. They were startling to look at. They were surrounded by long lashes that women would kill for.

"Get in the car." He repeated his words to her.

"I don't think I should. I can walk from here."

"Lana, it's dark, and the walk will take you an hour to get home. I'm offering you a ride. Get in the car and let me help you," he said.

When she made no move toward him, Kent climbed out of the car, took her hand inside his, and escorted her around to his side of the car. His touch sent sparks of electricity up her arm.

She did as instructed as he opened the passenger side door and helped her inside. He leaned in the car grabbing the buckle. His arm brushed across her br**sts. Her ni**les tightened at the contact. She'd never responded to a man so quickly.

You've been lusting after this man for over six months.

He buckled the seat. She watched him walk around to his side and climb in. Her heart raced from his closeness. She was acting like a crazy person.

Kent put the car in gear and pulled away from the kerb. Taking a quick glance at him, Lana chanced a look at his profile. He looked angry.

"Why didn't you wait for me?" he asked.

"I don't know."

Lana fidgeted with the edge of her dress wishing the skirt covered more of her fleshy thighs.

"I offered you a lift, and you run away. Have I done something to upset you?" he asked.

When he glanced at her, she looked away, staring out of the front window. "No."

"Have you read some shit glossy mag story and decided I'm not good enough for you?"

"No." She shook her head. The only time she read glossy magazines was when she was waiting around at newsstands. Reading glossy magazines were a waste of time and money. She'd rather spend her money in a book store buying books that were worth her time. "I didn't think you meant it," she said, admitting the embarrassing truth.

"Did you think I'd offer to drive you home and then leave you high and dry?"

She shrugged. What else was she supposed to think?

"What kind of men have you known?"

Again, she shrugged while also thinking she'd only known the worst kind of men.

"I can't believe I'm having this conversation," he said.

Neither could she. His anger seemed to be coming out, and she listened even though she stared out of the window.

Her stomach chose that moment to growl. She'd not had the time to eat anything at lunch. The last time she'd eaten was breakfast where she'd indulged in a buttered bagel.

Grocery shopping was something she did on Friday. It was Wednesday, and she wouldn't be going grocery shopping for at least two days. Her pay check came through Friday, which she paid her rent out of. Once the rent and other bills were paid, she used the rest on food.

"Next time, you make your way to the parking lot beneath the building. You know where the parking lot is, don't you?" he asked.

"Yes. I know where it is. You don't need to worry about me getting home. I'm safe." She tried to argue with him. Kent held his hand up stopping her from saying anything.

"No, I'll be the judge of whether you need help or not. It's night, dark, and anyone could hurt you."

His hands tightened on the steering wheel. Lana never thought her first conversation with Kent would be about her safety.

****

The woman was driving him crazy. He'd hoped on some light flirting and sweet seduction, and instead he was telling her off like a child.

Get your shit together.

Tightening his hands on the steering wheel Kent counted to ten and then twenty until he'd calmed down enough. Didn't she have any idea how unsafe the world was at night time? There he went again, getting mad at something he couldn't control.

"I didn't mean to make you mad," she said, whispering from where she sat.

"You didn't make me mad."

"Seriously, because from where I'm sitting you look kind of angry."

He looked over at her to find her smiling. Releasing his death grip on the steering wheel Kent shot her his best smile.

She turned away. He spotted the blush filling her cheeks. Cute, his woman still blushed. "I'm sorry for getting angry with you. This is not a great place to be walking home alone," he said.

"I think you watch too many movies. This place is fine to walk around. Nothing is going to happen to me."

He saw her rub her hands down her legs. Was he making her nervous?

"Having that kind of attitude is not going to help you," he said.

"What do you mean?"

Kent stopped at a red light. He took the free moment to turn to her. She had the nicest brown eyes he'd ever seen. They were so dark, and every time he looked at her, he got the sense she was always thinking something thoughtful. Her skin looked silky soft. He kept his grip on the steering wheel so he didn't reach out and touch her.

"I sense you have the attitude that nothing will ever happen to you. Nothing bad and nothing good. Be careful, Lana. You always have to be prepared in life."

Her gaze captured him as he stared at her. Her lips were nice and plump. A vision of those lips wrapped around his c**k filled his mind. The image alone tempted him to turn the car around and take her back to his apartment. He could have her screaming in a matter of moments. Kent prided himself in keeping his woman happy.

"Green," she said.

Was she giving him the go ahead to take her home? Did his woman read minds?

"What?"

"The light is green. You need to go." She smiled at him before pointing to the light change.

Feeling like a dick, he put the car in gear and raced toward the next light. This wasn't his night. All the lights he arrived at were red.

"I see what you mean. Nothing important or bad happens to me, but I'll take your advice. I'll be careful," she said.

"Why don't you have a car? It would be a lot easier if you had your own car." Her stomach growled interrupting her answer. "You're hungry?" He thought he'd heard her stomach growling earlier. When she didn't mention food or anything he'd figured he imagined it.

"Don't worry about it. I'll eat when I get home."

He spotted a diner up the street about twenty minutes from her home. It wasn't the one she worked in. He'd visited the diner she worked in to get a sense of the place and for the woman filling his mind on a daily basis.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"You're hungry. I'm going to feed you." He unbuckled his seatbelt and climbed out. Lana climbed out her side.

"You don't have to do this. I understand what you're saying about safety. I'll be extra careful," she said.

"Good. We'll finish this conversation in the diner." Kent didn't want their time to end. He liked being in her company. She was fun, fresh, and he enjoyed being around her.

Together they walked in and found a booth next to the window. Their reflections stared back at them.

Sitting closer to her, Kent saw her impressive cle**age as the uniform settled around her. Her tits were large. He wondered what they'd feel like in his hands.

She picked up the menu, and another growl came from her stomach. Her cheeks were red with embarrassment.

"When was the last time you ate?" he asked, picking up his menu.

"I ate at breakfast. I didn't have time to get anything else," she said.

A woman walked over to their table.

"What can I get you?" she asked.

"I'll have a coffee, black with one sugar." Kent took a quick glance through the menu. "I'll have a cheeseburger with chilli cheese fries and lots of sauce. For dessert I'll have the brownie with the extra whipped cream," Kent said. He'd not eaten since lunch, and he'd not eaten a cheeseburger since he was a kid.

"A man who likes to eat and works out," the woman said with approval.

"I'll have the milkshake instead of the coffee and the same as him with the food." Lana folded the menu.

"Coming right up." The woman left them alone.

He watched as Lana tucked strands of her hair into her bun.

"Take your hair down," he said.

"What?" Her gaze jerked to him.

"Take your hair down. It's clearly irritating you. You're not on office hours or anything like that. Take your hair down." He wanted to see the long strands free from the tight restraint.

She didn't put up any argument as she reached behind her. The ponytail fell down. Her hair was much longer than he had thought. The glossy length fell around her shoulders in waves.

His dick tightened at the sight. He wanted her hair across his pillow and to wrap it around his fist as he slammed inside her pu**y.

The woman came back handing him a black coffee and Lana a milkshake.

Chapter Three

When had she stepped into an alternative reality where Kent Anderson was eating dinner with her in a diner? Lana ran fingers through her hair, easing out the length. She kept her hair tied up when she worked as the strands got in her way. Getting it cut was not an option. She liked her hair long and intended to keep it that way. Spotting a dirty cup ring, she picked up some paper towels and wiped the mess away.

"You don't like mess, do you?" he asked.

She shook her head. Putting the towel underneath her milkshake, she took a quick suck to test. The milkshake was creamy and tasted right with just the hint of chocolate.

"No, I don't like mess."

He reached over the table to take her hand. "Relax, Lana. We're having dinner, and afterwards I'll take you home."

"How do you know my name?" she asked.

"You work for me. You know my name, and I know yours."

Smiling, she drank some more of her milkshake. Kent didn't let her hand go. His fingers stroked her own. Licking her lips, she checked the clock to see it was after one. They'd spent an hour together.

"I'm sorry. I'm not used to this," she said.

"Not used to what?"

"Dinner, talking, and spending time with someone." Lana lived in her routine. She liked her routine, but she liked talking with Kent.

He opened his mouth to say something else, but the woman came back to put their food on the table. The scent of fatty burgers and chilli scented the air. Her stomach rumbled again. She wanted the floor to open up and eat her. When would her stomach give it a rest? She was about to eat.

The woman left them.

"This looks pretty tasty," he said.

She nodded, picking up her burger and taking a bite. Unable to contain her moan of pleasure, Lana closed her eyes enjoying the succulent meat.

"I love a woman who enjoys her food."

When she opened her eyes, she saw Kent watching her.

Smiling, she took another bite of her burger.

"How do you know where I live?" she asked, trying to fill the silence with something other than her moans of approval.

"It was on your employment record. I have everyone checked who works for me."

"Why?"

"I'm a wealthy man, and I've made enemies."

He didn't elaborate, and she didn't ask for more information. She knew all about keeping certain things close to her chest.

"You're not going to ask to know more?"

She shook her head. "No, you're not wanting to talk about it. We've not known each other very long, and I don't expect anything to change between us."

Kent sat back observing her.

"What?" she asked, feeling self-conscious under his questioning gaze.

"You're not like other women."

"Is that a bad thing?"

He remained silent as she ate her food. Kent ate as well, but the silence remained while she waited for him to answer her question.

"It's not a bad thing. I'm just not used to it."

"You date supermodels and actresses. They know what to talk to you about. I'm a cleaner and a waitress, Kent. I'm not exactly in the know when it comes to you and the company you keep," she said.

Kent smiled. The action lit up his whole face. He looked so handsome when he smiled. Her throat became dry. Taking a sip of her milkshake, Lana averted her gaze.

"You've taken notice in the glossy magazines about me," he said.

"I've seen the stories passing several newspaper stands. You're a well-known guy." She shrugged finishing up her food. Kent ordered another coffee and a milkshake for her.

"Yes, I know. Don't read all the newspapers. The stories are made-up crap," he said.

His face darkened. Swallowing past the sudden lump in her throat, Lana looked at him. "Which stories?"

"All of them."

"So, you haven't slept with p**n stars?" she asked, smiling.

"Well, there wasn't a lot of sleeping involved."

Lana burst out laughing at his joke. His wicked smile sent tingles throughout her smile.

Another hour later they were ready to leave.

"Come on, I'll take you home."

She climbed into his car and strapped herself in waiting for him to start the car. Kent wouldn't allow her to pay for their meal. She'd enjoyed every second with him talking. He wasn't dark or brooding but fun.

He parked outside her apartment. She turned to him, grabbing a key out of her bag.

"Thank you so much for tonight. I really do appreciate the lift and the food."

"I'm glad. I enjoyed spending time with you."

Lana climbed out of the car as Kent leaned in close. She didn't want to know what he was about to do. Men were off limits and especially him. Kent was a player. She'd read enough about him to know he loved women. Lana had also seen an interview where he'd spoken quite clearly about never being in a long term relationship.

She waved at his car from the door before making her way up to the third floor where her apartment was. Once inside, she slid the locks into place then made her way straight for the bathroom. The scent of lemon permeated the air.

After a quick shower, she set her alarm for nine and then eased down under the blankets. Her mind playing over the night, Lana wondered what had happened. His attention didn't make any sense. She wasn't pretty like his models, and she was sure he'd leaned in to kiss her.

Thinking about his lips made her shiver. Her pu**y melted as heat swept through her. Frank never left her feeling so passionate even after a night together.

Running her fingers through her hair, Lana cut off all of her thoughts. Her imagination was running wild. Kent wasn't going to kiss her or try to do anything with her. She wasn't worth his time.

****

Kent drove home feeling like he'd missed out on a kiss. He'd leaned in close intending to kiss her sweet, plump lips, and she'd moved away from him. Why had she moved away from him?

Going back the way he came, Kent ignored the passing scenery. His only intention was making it home. There were many nights he'd gone without sleep. Since his obsession with the lovely Lana, his sleeping patterns had changed to match hers.

He didn't like her being in an apartment in an area of the city he didn't trust. There were a lot of things he didn't like about his woman's current lifestyle. The fact she'd skipped lunch and dinner annoyed him. He liked her appetite. Dating women who ordered salads or soup irritated him. Kent remembered a time when he'd loved the slenderness of a woman. Now, he found their eating habits and their neurotic obsession with weight annoying. On several dates they'd talked non-stop about other actresses and models with fatter figures or slimmer figures. He was tired of hearing about weight, food, and the damn celebrity business.

Parking his car into the parking lot of the apartment complex, Kent made his way up to the penthouse suite. The large windows overlooked the city. He walked over to them the instant he closed the door behind him. Pulling at the tie around his neck, Kent threw the tie away and loosened a couple of buttons.

His life was changing. Being in the public eye was losing its appeal, and if he was honest with himself, a family started to look more appealing every day. Several of his friends were settled down with a couple of kids while he remained single, living the bachelor lifestyle. He recalled the conversation he'd had with John at their garden party the other month. The last of the summer rays had been dying away, and the guests were gone. He'd watched John reading to his little girl before she went to bed. John's wife had come out to the garden to take their daughter into the house.

"You look happy," Kent said.

John smiled at him. "I am. Having a family is amazing. I'm a husband and father."

Sipping his beer, Kent looked out toward the garden. "Don't you ever miss it?"

"No," John said.

"Do you know what I'm talking about?"

John laughed. "You're talking about women. Do I miss women and having a new woman in my bed every night?"

Kent nodded. His friend let out a sigh.

"You're sleeping with the same woman, John. I remember a time when you'd never settle down. Sleeping with different women was your thing."

"Exactly, it was my thing. Not anymore."

He waited for his friend to elaborate. "You're not going to let this go, are you?" John asked.

"No."

After several seconds, John sat forward. "Sleeping with lots of women wasn't everything it's cracked up to be. Yeah, it was fun. I didn't know the women I was f**king, and I didn't care. When I'm with Samantha, I care. There is a connection between us. When I'm with her, I do everything I can to please her. There is not some quick release and then leaving her alone. I love watching her come apart. When I go to work every day, I know I've got someone to come home to. I love my family, and my life is a hell of a lot fuller for being with them. I don't envy your bachelor lifestyle, Kent, and I wouldn't go back to one either."

John's words came back to Kent. Since that night he'd not been able to stop thinking about Lana. She'd been in his thoughts but never as bad as it was now. He stayed behind at work to see her and waited for her to leave. Waiting for her to speak to him was new for him. Women spoke to him all the time trying to gain his attention. Lana did nothing. Even in the car she hadn't tried to instigate a kiss; she'd run from him.

Closing the blinds, Kent shut out the world. Tomorrow was Thursday, and he looked forward to the end of the day more than he did the beginning. Going to the fridge, he grabbed a glass of milk before heading to bed. He checked his phone to see several calls and messages from the women he'd been seeing in the last month.

Call one of them and f**k Lana right out of your system.

He didn't want to. Cancelling all of the messages and calls, Kent climbed into bed alone. He'd not been to bed alone in years.

His aversion to relationships stemmed from when he was a teenager. The girl he'd given his heart to had crushed him by dating his brother instead. Kent thought about Tonya. She was his age and had been his best friend. Tonya was now married to his brother, and they had three children. His brother, Seth, adored Tonya, and their relationship was strong.

Kent's parents were still married and their love stronger than ever. He loved his family even though he avoided them. Family occasions annoyed him as his parents were always trying to set him up on dates. His parents didn't approve of his lifestyle.

He recalled his father's comment last Christmas.

"Son, watching you parade a load of women around on the television is not what I wanted for my boy. I'm proud of what you've done with yourself. I know you didn't want to be anything other than your own businessman. However, you're going to regret your life if you continue with this. You're breaking your mother's heart. You deserve a good girl to settle down with."

At the time he'd thought his father was nagging him again. He wasn't made the way his parents or his brother were. Closing his eyes, Kent tried to forget about Lana. She wasn't like his other women, but she wasn't in his future either.

Chapter Four

Thursday was busier than usual at the diner. Lana struggled to keep up with the orders and the customers. Her late night was wearing her down. She'd settled herself into a system with her two jobs, and going out to dinner with Kent had disrupted that.

By four she was exhausted and ready to go home. Instead, she finished her shift at the diner before making her way across the city to the Anderson Corporation building. Her feet ached, but she refused to give in. Her hair was tied in pigtails down either side of her shoulders. It was seven at night when she got inside. She'd missed lunch and was hungry. Ignoring the pangs, she grabbed the cleaning trolley, smiled at the security guard before making her way over to the elevator. She pushed the trolley inside, pressed the button for her floor and waited. Wiping the sleep from her eyes, she pulled the trolley onto the floor. The light inside Kent's office was on.

Nibbling her lip, she wondered if she should go and talk to him. Shaking her head, she went around gathering the used sweet packets and bits of screwed up paper from people's desk with a trashcan in her hand.

She didn't look at the family pictures as she made her way around the large office. Her feet hurt even though she wore flats. She'd never worn high heels and doubted she'd ever be able to walk in them. Picking up the duster she made her way through the office once again cleaning down the desks and putting everything away neatly.

"You're not even going to acknowledge my presence?" Kent asked.

Lana turned to see Kent leaning against his office doorframe. "I'm working. I need to get this place clean."

Getting the office clean meant she could clean and then go home. She liked the thought of getting home and having a bath. A bath sounded like the best thing in the world.

Kent moved closer to her. "We went out to dinner. You've been cleaning for an hour, and you've nothing to say."

Staring at her hands on the duster, heat filled her cheeks at his assessment.

"I don't know what to say."

"How about hello? Or 'how are you doing' would be good," he said.

He'd moved close enough for him to reach out and lift her chin up with a finger underneath.

"Hello, Mr Anderson. How are you today?" she asked.

"Call me Kent. We're past formal names."

"Kent," she said. She'd called him Kent last night. In the office it didn't feel right calling him by his name.

She pulled away from his touch. "I need to clean."

"You're exhausted."

Lana nodded. "Yes, I'm exhausted. I need to get this place clean so I can go home."

Her stomach growled. Tears filled her eyes as her emotions got the better of her. Kent smiled, taking the duster from her.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to help you get this place finished, and then I'm going to drive you home and we're going to eat together."

"You really shouldn't do that. You're paying me to clean." She tried to take the duster from him.

"No, I pay the cleaning company. I want to help you. You're exhausted, and I'm looking forward to having dinner with you again."

She dropped her hand. "You're not going to let me win this, are you?"

"No. I get my own way all the time. You may as well give up." He smiled down at her. Lana couldn't help but smile back. He made her smile.

"Okay, fine. You win. Are you sure you know what to do with that?"

"I've watched you using it for months. I think I can handle it," he said.

He watched me?

Pleasure travelled up her spine at the knowledge.

They worked together around the office. Watching Kent in his expensive business suit working a duster was one of the best sights she'd seen all year. He went around the desk and occasionally grumbled.

"I'm going to ban personal items," he said.

"Why? Personal items are great. They allow people to bring their family to work. I bet if you took their personal items away, they'd work slowly." She turned the vacuum on and started buzzing around the office. When they were finished, Lana took the duster away from him. "Maybe you're in the wrong profession," she said.

"I've watched the best."

She smiled at him enjoying his compliment.

"Right, why don't you put this away and meet me down at the parking lot?" Kent turned to her, cupped her cheek and leaned down. The air whooshed out of her at his nearness. "And you better be there within ten minutes. If you don't I'll take you over my knee and give you what for."

Her mouth opened in shock. "Are you threatening to spank me?"

"You bet I am. Are you going to tell the press? I can see the headline now, notorious billionaire threatens to spank his cleaner," he said.

"One, I wouldn't go to the press. Why would I? And second, you're a billionaire now?" she asked, smiling. She tapped his chest then moved toward the elevator.

"Why wouldn't you go to the press?"

"I'm not that kind of person. You don't mean what you say, and I don't like causing fuss. The press turn everything around anyway. I like your billionaire comment though. Maybe I should ask for a raise," she said.

The doors to the elevators closed.

Should I go with him?

Indecision struck her as she looked at her bland features in the reflection of the steel of the elevator doors. There was nothing stopping her and Kent from being friends. He was fun to be around and playful at times.

Lana enjoyed his company, and watching him clean had been a pleasure.

Placing the cleaning trolley away, Lana headed toward the parking lot. Kent waited for her. She was aware of the security guard giving her the once-over. Lana knew what he was thinking and didn't care.

****

Kent watched as she got in beside him. He wanted to fasten her seatbelt to have any excuse to touch her. Settling for watching her, he waited for the guard to open the security barricade. He gave the guard a wave and then was on the main road heading toward her house.

"I thought I'd have to come and get you," he said.

"Not tonight. Your offer of food is far too tempting. Besides, you're not a ra**st or murderer, and that's points in your favour." She joked with him.

"Finally the lady starts to relax."

"Actually, I'm far too tired to argue with you. Help and food were too irresistible to turn down."

He chuckled, loving the banter with her. Kent couldn't remember a time when he'd spoken with a woman about anything meaningful. There were his friends' wives, but other than that, there was no one else he talked to of the opposite sex.

Lana was by far more refreshing just from her conversation. They pulled up outside her house. "I want you to go in and buzz me up. How do you feel about Chinese?" he asked.

"I'd love some. There's a great Chinese place a few blocks from here." She got out and went inside. Tonight she didn't look back to give him a wave. Heading in the direction she pointed, he drove until he found the Chinese place.

After ordering half the menu, Kent waited a good half an hour for his order. The box that came out made him feel good. The box was loaded with several different dishes. He bid them goodnight before making his way back to Lana's house. The food made his stomach rumble. He couldn't wait to get inside her apartment.

Parking the car in the available parking lot around the back, he grabbed the food before heading back to the main door.

He buzzed the bell waiting for her to respond.

"It's open," she said. "I'm on the third floor, fourth door from the stairs."

Opening the door, he walked up the stairs. She was stood waiting for him with her arms folded. The apartment was nice but small.

"Hi," she said. He was struck by her. In the time it had taken for him to get the food, Lana had showered and changed into something far more comfortable and seductive. The jeans and black t-shirt moulded to her body like a second skin.

"Hi," he said, averting his gaze.

"You've ordered enough food to feed the entire apartment block."

"I didn't know what you liked. I bought enough for both of us." Her stomach growled at him. "And I think it's time for us both to eat."

She invited him in.

He noticed how clean her apartment was before he noticed the few pictures on the wall. There was nothing personal. The artwork showed someone lived in the apartment but not who that person was.

"Can I get you a drink? I don't have any beer."

"What do you have?" he asked, setting the box of food on the coffee table. Kent noted the used appearance of the table but didn't say anything.

"I've got coffee, tea, milk, juice, and water," she said.

He chuckled. "I'll take a coffee."

She turned away from him. "Do you need plates?" she asked.

"No. I'm happy to eat out of the cartons if you are?"

Lana left him to go fix drinks. The sound of the kettle filled the silence. He removed his jacket and then started unloading each carton of Chinese food. The oriental scents were intoxicating, and his mouth watered. He'd skipped dinner so he'd get a chance to eat with her.

She came back minutes later carrying two large mugs of coffee.

He noticed she grabbed a coaster and wiped the small spillage of coffee from the table with a tissue. She kept a box of tissues on the table.

"You're not a fan of mess, are you?" he asked.

"Is it that obvious?" She sat next to him. A blush stained her cheeks. Kent chuckled.

"I'm a guy. I'm supposed to notice these things."

She laughed. "I guess you are. What did you get?" She rubbed her hands down her thighs. He wondered if that was natural or if being with him made her nervous.

"I got noodles, of course. Egg fried rice, curry, and chow mein. Also, spring rolls, prawn balls, and pretty much everything else on the menu," he said.

"Okay, I guess I'll try something from every box." The black shirt she wore showed a great deal of her chest. Her br**sts were pressed together and looked so tempting. When she leaned forward he got a good look at her chest. Licking his lips, he grabbed the first carton and then handed her some chopsticks.

Get your shit together. You're not some horny teenager.

"Aren't you going to try something first?" she asked.

Pushing his chop sticks into the carton, he pulled out a prawn ball. He didn't taste a single bite as he ate it. Kent kept his eye on Lana as she pressed the ball into her mouth. Her full lips closed around the chopsticks. He was losing his mind. There was nothing sensual about eating Chinese food.

"Thank you for getting me this," she said. "It has been ages since I ate food as good as this."

"It's a pleasure. So, Lana, tell me about yourself," he said, wanting to know more about her.

"There's nothing to tell."

"Sure there is." He picked up another carton for her to try. Together they munched their way through the food. Kent pulled a pillow across his lap to hide his growing erection.

"I've got nothing to say. I work two jobs, and this is my place. I like visiting the library in my spare time, and I've got an addiction to baking," she said.

There had to be far more to her than that. Scooping up some noodles, he took a quick look around the room. There were no personal photos. Most people had pictures of friends or graduation days. Inside Lana's apartment there was nothing.

Turning back to her, he grew more intrigued by the woman he knew next to nothing about.

"Tell me more about you," she said.

Chapter Five

The personal questions unnerved her. She didn't like talking about her past as that's where she wanted her past to stay and never come out. Munching on the noodles, Lana waited for him to start talking.

"Why don't you have any photos?" he asked, ignoring her question.

She finished eating and placed the carton back on the table. Why did this have to be so hard? This was why she kept to herself. The hours she worked stopped her from attaching herself to people. The diner was perfect as none of the staff had time to talk. Some of the girls tried to get her to go out, but she refused because of her second job. Working in Kent's building took her late into the night when everyone was home. If anything, she talked to the security guard on the way out of the building, no interactions at all that left her feeling out of place.

"I don't have any photos to put up," she said. "I don't like these questions, and I'd prefer to know about you."

Her mother never owned a camera, and there were never any photos of the happy times when she lived with her mother. She didn't own a single photo of her time growing up. Talking about growing up made people pity her. Lana had learned that lesson with past boyfriends, especially when they threw the guilt back in your face. Frank, her last boyfriend, was a prime example of him throwing her past in her face. His excuse for staying with her for so long was because he felt pity for her. He didn't want to leave her after he found out about her past. How f**ked up was that? Not only that, he liked to slap her a little bit as well. The more Lana thought about her past with Frank, the happier she was to have gotten away from him.

She'd learned from her past mistakes. Men didn't really want to know the truth unless it was sunshine and roses. Her past was anything but sunshine and roses. There was no way she'd be telling Kent about her past. Her past was for her to know and for no-one to find out.

"I'm not going to get past your walls, am I?" he asked.

"No," she said not even pretending to not know what he meant.

"Okay, what do you want to know?" he asked, picking up another carton.

"Whatever you want to tell me." She wasn't lying. Lana liked the thought of Kent being her friend. He was funny and sweet. Their lives didn't need to conflict. He was a businessman while she cleaned his building.

"I'm forty-five years old. I'm not married, and I run a successful business."

"I know all this. I've read some stuff about you in the paper. Shouldn't you be married with an heir or something to take over your growing fortune?" she asked, smiling.

Kent chuckled. She liked the sound as it made goose-bumps erupt all over her flesh.

"That's very old-fashioned. No, no heir. My family are really happy for what I've achieved. My dad is proud of me forging my own way."

"And there's no woman on the scene?" she asked.

He shook his head, but his smile fell.

"Come on, tell me?" She touched his arm, and an answering spark of electricity worked its way up her arm.

"There was someone a long time ago."

"What happened?" she asked. Her appetite vanished as he spoke. What was wrong with her? There was no way they could ever be an item. They were from different worlds, and she never wanted her life to be mixed with his. She'd never be the type of woman to mingle in high society.

Her education was lacking, and she didn't come from money.

It doesn't mean I can't want him from a distance.

"Are we going to do this?"

"Do what?" She lifted her gaze to his.

"Be friends?"

"Haven't you ever had a girl that's a friend?" she asked.

"No, I f**k every woman I know."

She swallowed down the food she'd been chewing. Fucking. Wow, Lana couldn't believe her body responded at such a crass word. Her ni**les tightened, and her pu**y flooded with warmth.

"Then yes, we're friends."

He kept staring at her. His intense gaze made her uneasy. "Can I trust you?"

Lana frowned. "Why couldn't you trust me?"

"There are people out there who want to see me fall. I've made a lot of enemies because of my success."

She shrugged. "Tell me the people, and I'll remember to cross them off my list. I'll never be their friend. I promise, Kent, I'm being serious. I think it'll be cool to be your friend."

Bumping his shoulder, she grabbed the remote from the small table she kept by the sofa. Turning on the television she averted his attention to the small screen. "This is the biggest television you own?" he asked.

"Yes. I don't watch a lot of television." She flicked through the channels as he cursed.

"If we're friends then this is not acceptable."

"What's not acceptable?" She paused in turning on the television.

"If we're going to be friends then you need a bigger screen, and you're going to need beer in the fridge."

"Are you planning on invading my life now?" she asked. "I'm not accepting any gifts from you, Kent Anderson. You can keep your money in your bank account. I'm happy with everything I've got."

Was she making a huge mistake? Kent was used to having one thing from the women he dated. She wasn't that kind of woman, and she didn't want to get involved with a man way out of her league.

Stop over-analysing. There is no way Kent could want you. Relax and enjoy this new friendship you've created.

****

Kent settled back on the sofa feeling a little out of place. Friends? They were going to be friends and nothing more.

You don't just want to be her friend. You want to be more and have more with her.

He turned to stare at her. Her brown hair was tucked behind her ear, giving him a good view of her face. Her skin looked so soft and made him want to reach out and stroke it. The movie she'd picked filled the silence. Reaching his hand behind her head, he played with her hair. She didn't stop him or slap his hand away. Kent twiddled the length of her hair between his fingers relishing the newfound closeness he'd discovered with her.

After a couple of hours Lana stood up and stretched. He gulped past the lump in his throat as her rounded stomach peeked from beneath the jeans and shirt she wore. Full women had never appealed to him until now.

What was it about Lana Hawkins that called to him? He could have his pick of any woman, and yet he was sat in Lana's apartment eating Chinese without the promise of a f**k. He felt dirty at his thoughts. Fucking wasn't everything.

"I've got to call it a night," she said.

"Are you throwing me out of your apartment?" He stood, hoping she wouldn't spot his raging arousal.

"I'm sorry, but I am."

He looked down at the leftover Chinese. "Let me help you put these in the trash."

"Absolutely not. These are perfect for leftovers." She started picking up the cartons and moved toward the fridge. He followed her with several more cartons. "These will be perfect for me over the next few days, and you can come by anytime and help me finish them."

He'd stick to that invitation. She saw him to the door.

"I had fun tonight," he said and meant it. Kent had never thought simply sitting with a woman could be so much fun. Most of the women he dated ended up on their back by the end of the evening. He loved sex and wasn't ashamed of his need for it. Lana made him want so much more.

Shit, he was turning into a f**king pu**y like his friends before him.

"I had fun as well. You're really good company, Kent. I'll see you tomorrow?" she asked. She'd put her hands in the pockets at the back of her jeans, and her tits were thrust up as if on some glorious display.

"Yeah, you'll see me tomorrow," he said, taking every effort not to drop his gaze to her chest. He leaned down and kissed her cheek. "Good night."

He turned away and went around the back to get his car. Kent breathed a sigh of relief when he saw it was still intact. Maybe her neighbourhood wasn't so bad after all.

Kent made it back to his apartment in good time. He probably broke several speeding laws on his way, but he got home in one piece. It was a little after two in the morning. He threw his keys on the kitchen counter and went straight to his bedroom. A woman in red lingerie was laid on his bed with a seductive smile on her lips.

"Hello, handsome. I was wondering when you were going to get home."

"Cherrie, what are you doing here?" he asked, recognising the model he'd dated last year. How had she gotten into his apartment?

She climbed off the bed. "You haven't been in touch. The last time we talked you gave me your key." Cherrie pulled his apartment key from between her br**sts. "If you never responded to my call then I was to let myself in and make myself at home."

He gazed down her thin frame. She was perfect model thin, and he saw the outline of her ribs even though she wasn't breathing in or stretching. Running a hand down his face, Kent wondered how he was going to get her out of his space. He must have been drunk when he gave her a spare key. None of his women were allowed inside his apartment without his say-so.

Shit!

She reached around the back and removed her bra. Her br**sts stayed where they were. She'd gotten a breast enlargement for a job she'd been working on. Her br**sts were unnaturally large, but now they looked more fake than he remembered from the last time they'd been together.

Lana's were full and real. He saw how real they were in the way she moved. Her br**sts moved with her whereas Cherrie's stayed in one place.

At the sight of the model's body, Kent didn't get any reaction. He'd f**ked Cherrie numerous times, but he couldn't find anything attractive about her now. His c**k remained flaccid in his pants.

"I didn't invite you back to my apartment," he said. "It's late. I'm tired." He needed to tread carefully. Cherrie was prone to overreact, and he wasn't in the mood to deal with her drama.

She rubbed her hands over her br**sts. "Come on, Kent. I know you want to f**k me. You always want to f**k me." Cherrie went to her knees and crawled to him. Kent closed his eyes as a wave of disgust swept through him.

Cherrie reached him and opened the first button of his pants.

"Stop!" Kent shouted the word. Cherrie stopped.

"What? This is what you want. This is what you always want," she said. Gone was the seductress, and in her place was the whining woman.

"I didn't give you permission to enter my apartment. I want you to leave. I haven't seen you in over a year, Cherrie. If I see you again, I'll have you done for trespassing on my personal property." He grabbed the coat from his chair and threw it at her.

"You're an evil bastard," she said, jerking the coat back on.

"Get the f**k out." He followed her to his door and slammed it in her face. Next, he called security to warn them about her presence.

Staring at the sheets in his room, Kent decided on the sofa for his night's sleep. How had his night turned into a f**king nightmare?

Chapter Six

The next few days flew by, and before Lana knew it, the following weekend was there. Every night during the week Kent had been waiting for her in his building. Some nights they went to the diner to eat and others he dropped her home without going inside with her. She didn't mind as some nights their friendship confused her. Kent talked a lot about his work, and she got the feeling he didn't talk with anyone else. His own friends were settled down with children. He liked to talk about them a lot. She didn't mind listening. He stopped asking her questions about her past.

Turning over in her bed, Lana checked the time on her alarm clock. It was gone nine on a Saturday morning. She'd gone shopping last night after finishing work early at the diner. Lana switched on the radio and climbed out of bed. Walking into the bathroom, she cleaned her teeth and started a shower. Once her shower was finished, she dressed in a long denim skirt and pink jumper. The weather looked chilly outside even though the sun was shining. She wrapped her hair in a messy bun before going into the kitchen for her cereal and morning coffee.

Sitting at the table she went through the bills she needed to pay along with the details for her bank account. She did some quick maths to make sure she had enough to pay everything. As she was finishing up her sums someone knocked on her door. Frowning, she checked the clock and saw it was just after half nine.

Going to the door she opened it as far as the security latch allowed. Kent stood with coffee and baked goods.

"Good morning," he said. Last weekend he hadn't stopped by, and she wasn't expecting him this morning. He carried a newspaper with him.

"Are you turning into a stalker?" she asked, not opening the door any wider.

"Do I look like a stalker?"

"I don't know. I don't know that many stalkers," she said, smiling even though she tried not to.

"Well, not many stalkers are known to bring breakfast muffins and Spanish blended coffee, but I do," he said.

She let out a sigh then opened the latch. "I've already eaten, but feel free to sit down and eat." She finished writing out her calculations as Kent took a seat opposite her.

"What are you doing?" he asked. Their friendship really was strange.

The billionaire businessman and the cleaner, she chuckled at her own thoughts.

"I've got money for your thoughts," he said.

"And I'm not sharing them. You can keep your money, Kent. I'm doing what us mere mortals do."

"Which is?"

She lifted her gaze to his. "I'm making sure I've got enough to pay the bills."

He nodded. "Check this out," he said, handing her the newspaper."

Dropping her bills and notes, she took the paper from him. A picture of him and a supermodel was on the front page. Lana slapped his hand as he went to touch her bills. "It's rude trying to look at a lady's bills."

She read through the story. "What's this about?" she asked.

"Last week after our Chinese, I went home and discovered her in my bed with nothing but red underwear," he said.

"The bitch, she should have been naked," Lana said with sarcasm.

He gave her a pointed look. "You're supposed to be my friend, and I'm sharing this with you."

Lana smiled at the trust he was showing her. "You do realise our friendship is weird, right?"

Kent shrugged. "I don't give a shit what people think of me."

"Then why are you bothered by the newspaper headline?" She handed the paper back to him. Seeing the story had felt like a punch to the gut for Lana. It took every ounce of self-control not to show her feelings. She and Kent did not have that kind of relationship. He was a man with needs while she was a poor woman without any.

"I wanted you to know in case you saw it and thought the wrong thing," he said.

"Don't worry. I haven't got any spare money to spend on newspapers or glossy magazines. Your celeb life is safe from me." She stood up and placed the bills inside her safe before returning it to the draw in the kitchen. "Why are you here?" she asked.

"It's Saturday."

"So?"

"What do you normally do on a Saturday?"

"I bake."

"What else?" he asked, getting up from his seat. He moved toward her, cupping her face in his palms.

"Erm, read a little. I don't have any plans today," she said. Her boring life was finally catching up with her.

"Then I've got to change what you do today. I forbid you baking on your own." He leaned down and pressed a kiss to her lips. She gasped then covered it up with a sneeze.

"What do you have planned?" she asked, feeling nervous.

"I've got to go to my parents' tomorrow, and I was wondering if you'd go with me as my friend and date."

"Really?"

"Yes, they'll like you. They're very down to earth kind of people, and I think it will be good for you to see me in a different setting."

"Okay, why are you here today?" she asked.

"I need to go to an art exhibition today. I'm checking out some art. The event is very low key, and I'm not expecting any press. This is just a viewing today. Will you come with me, and I'll treat us to Italian tonight."

"You're tempting me with food," she said, groaning.

"Of course. I know the best way to get my own way is by tempting you with food. So, what will it be?"

Lana stared around her apartment and bit her lip.

****

Kent waited for her to speak. He'd been thinking of taking her out last weekend, but because work had overrun him he'd not gotten the chance. Then last night before he'd gone to bed, his mother called inviting him for Sunday lunch. Both of his brothers would be there along with his two sisters. All of his siblings were married or in some state of bliss with a partner while he remained single. His mother wanted him to settle down and have lots of babies.

He hated upsetting his parents. They were his rock in life and believed in him when he'd not the confidence to believe in himself.

"Come on, Lana. Tomorrow you'll be saving me from my mother's matchmaking skills, and today you'll be saving me from boredom."

She chuckled. "Why do you agree to do these things if you're not interested in them?"

"It's good business."

"There is more to life than earning money," she said.

He wanted to see her bills. There were a lot of papers on the table, and he'd seen some of the calculations. Kent had never lived like she did. Not once during his life did he worry about paying a bill. He'd come from money without fear.

How did Lana cope with living month to month?

"I'll come but no press or lies. We're friends, and we're not dating. I'll come as a friend but not as anything else."

She was the first woman who needed to be coerced into going with him.

"Fine. Are you ready to go?" he asked.

"Is there something wrong with the way I'm dressed?" she asked.

Kent didn't think so. The sweater she wore moulded to every sinful curve. Her tits looked ever so full and soft.

"You're fine." He was dressed in a pair of jeans and white shirt. Weekends were his time to relax.

She grabbed her purse and coat before following him out of her apartment. They walked side by side to his car, which he'd parked in the spot he deemed his own. A couple of kids were checking his ride over. He nodded at their approval before helping her into the car.

"I can plug myself in," she said, moving his hand out of the way.

"Nice car, man," one of the kids said.

"Work hard at school, and you'll be driving one of these beauties when you're older," Kent said.

The kid nodded. Kent climbed into his side and turned the engine over.

"That was nice of you to say," she said.

"I meant every word. Some kids just need an incentive to try." Placing the car in gear, he pulled out of the parking lot.

"Are you going to tell me about your parents to be ready for tomorrow? I've noticed you've not talked about them."

And she didn't fight him for information on his family. Lana accepted him for him. She didn't force him to talk about his family or his money. Their time together was fun. The few times they'd watched a movie together, he'd enjoyed the time by playing with a few strands of her hair.

He craved her smile and her touch, but he didn't want to spoil their time together. There were times when he fought his desire for her. She'd sat next to him in a pink fluffy robe without a stitch on underneath. He'd spent most of the night hard, wondering what she'd do if he pulled the robe from her body.

His desire for her didn't diminish but seemed to grow with every passing day. Kent enjoyed her company, and she didn't judge him like others did. There was no jealousy or bitter rivalry between them. She didn't seem fazed by the women in his life even though they were in the past.

"You're quiet," she said.

Their friendship was strange. Tonya was his last female friend. He'd been sleeping with her before she decided she loved his older brother.

"I'm just thinking."

She didn't ask him about what. He really liked her. Was this how John and his other friends felt about their women?

"Do you own a cell phone?" he asked.

Lana shook her head. "No, I don't see the need in having one."

He intended to get her a phone and a bigger television.

"Do you live in the Middle Ages?"

"This coming from the older guy?" she asked, laughing.

"I'm not that old."

"Of course not."

Kent loved the banter between them. "Besides with age comes experience, and I'm experienced."

"Are you coming onto me?"

You've got no idea how much I'm coming onto you.

She wouldn't know if I was coming onto her unless I bluntly spelt it out for her to see.

"That's for me to know and you to find out."

Lana thumped him lightly in the arm. "You're a tease. So, did Cherrie and you date a lot?"

Was she jealous?

"Do you really want to know the truth?" he asked.

"You brought the newspaper to me. You clearly want to talk about it. I'm available to listen. You're driving, so you may as well get it off your chest if it's bothering you."

"It's not bothering me. We never dated. We f**ked a few times, but that is all. There is nothing else going on. She was easy, available, and I don't always like working for it." Kent admitted the truth to her.

"Wow, that is putting it bluntly. No love was lost between the two of you."

"No. The only thing lost between the two of us was easy cash for her and open thighs for me."

She winced. "That's pretty colourful."

He tapped the steering wheel. "Will you tell me about the last guy you dated?"

Lana let out a sigh.

"Come on. There has got to be a guy in your past."

"There is. I'm not a nun or a virgin or anything."

Kent waited for her to speak.

"His name was Frank, and I thought I loved him."

Chapter Seven

Lana had never intended on talking about her past boyfriend. Kent shared so much with her even though he didn't need to. The trust he displayed made her wish for the same kind of ease to share all of her troubled thoughts with him. Biting her lip, she stared out of the window. The only way for her to talk with him about Frank was if she wasn't looking at him.

"What about Frank?" Kent asked.

"He was my last boyfriend. I thought he was amazing. He worked in a bank as some kind of accountant. I met him in the supermarket, and we hit it off. He asked me out on a date. I jumped at the chance to see him. I was a f**king fool. I can't believe I gave so much of my life to him." She shook her head remembering how quickly she'd fallen for his charm. Frank had been heavily built with brown hair and the kindest eyes she'd ever seen. He knew what to say to make her feel special. All Frank had been doing was spinning her lies. Frank knew what to say, even though he never meant anything he said.

She wiped the tears from her eyes, shocked by their sudden appearance. Lana thought she'd cried all the tears possible for Frank.

"He really broke your heart," Kent said.

"Yes, Frank broke my heart. I was the fool for trusting someone so deeply. He was the first guy I really loved. When we were together everything felt amazing. I thought life couldn't get any better. I went out once, and I saw him with another woman. They were dancing together, and their tongues were down each other's throats. I believed him when he said they were fooling around. I later found out she was the woman he really wanted. I was just a distraction. The other woman had a lot more money, and she was prettier than I was." Lana recalled the moment he'd brought up her past and her lack of skills and money. Frank had also criticized her about her inability to help him move up in the fields at work.

"Wow, what a jerk," Kent said. He'd eased the car into a space toward the side of the road. She turned to him, wiping the tears from her eyes.

"He was a total ass. I'm sorry. I thought my tears were all gone."

Kent pulled her into his arms. She went to him willingly. His comfort meant so much to her.

"Do you want me to find this ass**le and get him fired from his job?" he asked.

She laughed. "He's not worth the time."

"You're worth the time. I hate the fact he's hurt you. These tears would be wasted on a guy like him," Kent removed her hands and wiped the tears away with his own fingers. "No more tears for that jerk. You've got me, and you'll always have me."

His words made her yearn for so much more.

You're just friends.

For the first time since they'd become friends Lana regretted her decision. Kent was such a nice man, and she was attracted to him.

Shaking her head, she moved away out of his arms. "It was a long time ago. I appreciate your threat, and if it ever happens again I'll let you know."

Kent continued to stare at her. "Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I'm much better."

He put the car back in gear and eased back onto the road.

"Frank has been out of the scene for some time. There are no other men in my life."

"You work and bake. That's all."

"There's nothing wrong with doing nothing else but work and bake," she said.

"You've got me now, and I'll make your life much better."

She laughed. "You're conceited."

"I'm telling the truth. I know what I'm doing."

Lana shook her head. "Get me to this exhibition. I think looking at art will be easier to deal with than listening to you."

After a few minutes passed, Kent started talking about his family.

"I've got two brothers and two sisters. All four of them are settled down with families."

"You're the only one single?"

"Yes, see why I need you tomorrow? My parents are going to be talking non-stop about settling down."

"I'm a perfect distraction."

"Exactly," he said.

"Where do you come in? Are you the oldest or youngest?" she asked, intrigued.

"Seth's the oldest. Then I was born, followed by Eric. Dawn and Sophie come next in the line. My parents were childhood sweethearts. They fell in love during high-school, and my mom was pregnant with Seth at seventeen."

"Wow, you're a big family."

"Seth's two years older than I am."

"Your parents sound amazing," she said, wishing she had some great family story to tell him. She didn't even know who her father was. Her mother slept around to earn extra money to drink her way to the bottom. There were times she'd seen some of the guys from school leaving her mother's bedroom. That was the most embarrassing of all. They bullied Lana during school, and yet they were sleeping with her mother when they got the chance.

"They really are. However, being forty-five without children is horrid for them. They want me to have the same as what they had. It drives me crazy."

"They want what's best for you."

He nodded.

Kent fell silent. She didn't push him even though she was desperate to know what he was thinking.

"During high-school and college I was in love with my best friend, Tonya. She was amazing. I loved her, and we were a couple. I talked with her about everything. There were no secrets between us."

He pulled up outside the art exhibition.

"She's married to Seth."

Lana gasped. "Is that one of the reasons you've never settled down?"

"My family thinks so, and so does Seth. I thought it was a reason, but I don't think it is. I haven't found the right woman to spend the rest of my life with. Tonya can't change who she fell in love with. I wasn't the guy for her."

He turned the engine off. There were no tears in his eyes, but there was a frown on his face.

****

Why did he share that with her? Kent didn't like people knowing he was vulnerable. Tonya had broken his heart, and he'd seen the guilt in her eyes during the numerous visits he'd made to his family home.

"I'm so sorry," Lana said.

"Don't worry about it. It was a long time ago. We're here." He took the keys out of the ignition then made his way around to her side of the car. Lana was already out, waiting for him.

"Thank you for telling me." She wrapped her arms around his neck and held him close. Her soft br**sts pressed to the front of his shirt. Tugging her in tight, he ran his arms over her back. It wasn't enough, not nearly enough for what he wanted to do with her.

He held her, relishing the closeness.

She smiled up at him. Her face was flushed. "Are you taking me inside?"

"Yeah." He took her hand and led her inside.

"I'm so happy to be with you," she said.

"I'm happy to be with you, too." Kent had to admit he enjoyed their time together even without the sex.

Together they walked into the small art exhibit. He spotted several of his friends including John.

"There are a lot of people here." She moved closer to his side. Placing an arm at her waist Kent escorted her through to the bar.

"Do you want anything to drink?" he asked.

"No, tea or water will be fine," she said. His friends hadn't spotted him yet. He didn't want them to see her. Once they saw her, they'd try to stick their noses into his business. He liked to keep his personal business private. Also, he liked keeping Lana to himself.

The barman served them both some iced water.

"I need to go to the ladies' room." Lana handed him her drink. He showed her to the bathroom before making his way over to his friends.

John stood with his wife, Samantha. Blake and Arnold were alone.

"I didn't see you come inside," John said.

He shook his friends' hands then gave Samantha a kiss on the cheek. "I'm here with someone," Kent said.

"I hope it's not that awful Cherrie. Have you seen her expose in the papers?" Blake asked.

"I've seen it, and it made me feel sick to read. There is only so much of my friend's sex life I need to hear," John said.

"It's nice to know you're not all show and tell kind of guys," Samantha said.

"No, I'm here with someone else. She's a friend." Kent chanced a look behind him. Lana hadn't come out of the bathroom.

"You've got a female friend, or is that code for f**k buddy?" Arnold asked.

"She's my cleaner. We're friends. That's all."

His friends paused, and their smiles fell. "Seriously?" John asked.

"She's different. I don't want you guys to ruin this for me. Lana doesn't want anything from me but friendship. She's amazing, and I love being with her. There's nothing else going on, so don't try to make something out of it that's not there," he said. Looking behind him Kent spotted Lana coming out of the bathroom.

"I've got to go."

He moved to her side. Her glass of water was still in his hands.

"Where's yours?" she asked, pointing at her water.

"I drank it."

Lana looked behind him. "Those men are glaring at you," she said.

He looked to where his friends were glaring at him. "They're my friends."

She raised her brow.

"It's rude not introducing you, I know."

"Then why aren't you?" Her smile was still wide even as she looked at him.

"Because I want you to like me afterwards," he said, teasing her.

Laughing, Lana slapped him on the arm. "I like you, Kent. Your friends won't make a difference."

"You haven't met them."

"Then introduce me, or are you embarrassed by me?" she asked.

Cupping her cheeks in his palm, Kent forced her to look at him. "Never think that. I'm not embarrassed by you at all." Taking her hand in his Kent took her over to where his friends stood. Their eyes were wide as they stared at her.

Lana didn't look anything like his other women. For one, she was a cleaner. Most of the women he dated were models, actresses, or heiresses of some kind. Next, he dated slender women. Lana wasn't slender. Lana was all woman with curves, br**sts, and hips. They all gazed down the length of her body. The skirt and jumper she wore only highlighted her plentiful curves.

Kent introduced her to his friends. For several seconds none of them spoke until Kent cleared his throat.

They all stumbled over themselves, smiling and laughing. Samantha pulled her in tight. Lana looked a little freaked at first before she wrapped her arms around each of them.

"I'm going to take her to have a look at some of the art work," Kent said.

They said their goodbyes and then moved toward the first landscape.

"How was that?" Kent asked, suddenly nervous about what she thought of his friends.

"Your friends are very affectionate people," she said.

He'd sensed her nerves around them. "They're great. I love them." He'd never admitted his affectionate feelings toward his friends before.

Taking her hand, they walked around the exhibition together. There was nothing outstanding about any of the artwork. Kent held zero interest in the art. He preferred the beautiful fresh-faced woman in front of him. Kent tugged her in front of him. Resting his hands on her h*ps and his head on top of hers he looked at the art work. She was tense to start but slowly relaxed against him.

No other woman left him feeling so calm and relaxed. Part of him wanted to f**k her while another never wanted to spoil their moments together.

Chapter Eight

The day at the art exhibition was fantastic. Lana couldn't imagine a better way of spending her time than with Kent. He was sweet, and his friends were great. She saw how relaxed he was around his them. Lana wished she had her own set of friends she was as comfortable around as Kent was with his friends. Afterward at the Italian restaurant she'd sensed a lot of people paying attention to them. The restaurant made her nervous. Everything about Kent's richer way of life made her nervous. She didn't like feeling less than he was. When he started with his money and being able to pay for certain things she could never afford, it put her on edge.

His money meant nothing to her, but the way his friends stared at her made her think they were assuming the worst. She'd never be a gold-digger. The concept of using a man for money disgusted her. Lana was more than happy making her own living. She earned enough to keep her going. The bills she kept in the safe would be paid without concern. The two jobs paid for everything she needed.

When he'd paid the waiter she'd nibbled her lip with unease. Kent simply placed a credit card on the tray and that was all. There was no money, and she hadn't been given a menu with the prices. The place must have been expensive, and there was no way to find out how much dinner actually cost.

Twirling the spoon in her cup of coffee, Lana sat down at the kitchen table. Her hair was bunched up on top of her head. She'd been awake for twenty minutes before rising, simply lying in bed waiting for the time to go by.

Sipping the hot liquid, Lana took her time thinking over the last day with Kent. After the meal he'd brought her home and sat with her watching a movie and eating popcorn.

Blowing out a breath, she stared at the clock. He'd be knocking on her door soon. Should she cancel? She didn't have his phone number to cancel. As she was about to get changed a knock sounded at her door.

She opened the door wide enough to see Kent stood waiting. "How do you get inside my apartment building? You never beep for permission," she said

He lifted up a spare key. "I asked the manager to give me a key."

"That's not fair. He shouldn't have given you one."

"I've found money can be a great incentive, along with telling him I was your boyfriend."

Lana glared at him. "That's not fair."

"Are you going to let me in?"

She sighed then unlatched the lock. Opening the door, she stepped back then wrapped the robe around her. "I was going to get dressed."

"I see your indecision, Lana. What's wrong?" he asked, stroking her cheek.

"I don't think I should be the one to go with you to your parents' house for dinner."

"Where is this coming from?" Kent asked.

Lana moved away from him. "I'm nowhere in your league. We're friends, and your family might think I'm something I'm not. I don't know if I can live with that."

Her excuses were ridiculous. There was nothing she'd like more than being with him.

"My family will know you're my friend. Nothing is going to happen, Lana." He stroked her arms before leaning down to kiss her lips. She kissed him back, and they both froze. Their breaths mingled. She stared up into his eyes. He was so close. This shouldn't be happening. Her heart pounded as he brushed her lips once again.

"Lana?"

She licked her lips tasting him on her tongue. The tension in the room terrified her. What was happening? There was an underlying attraction between them. She'd sensed their attraction, and she'd be stupid not to have recognised it.

"I'll go and get dressed."

Kent pulled away. "I'll be waiting here for you. Just be yourself. My family are not expecting anything else from you. Please be yourself."

"I can't be anything else but myself." She smiled at him and then closed her bedroom door behind her. Lana rested against the door.

What the hell just happened?

She couldn't even comprehend what happened. One moment they'd been talking about his family, and then he was brushing his lips against hers. Neither of them had crossed that line before. Biting her lip she moved to her wardrobe. Most of her clothes were jeans and shirts with a few skirts mixed in. The two summer dresses she owned were stored away to preserve them.

Pulling out her favourite pair of blue jeans she settled on a red blouse. Her underwear was plain and black. She'd never win awards for fashion, but she looked reasonable. Leaving her hair down she left the makeup and settled on her glasses rather than the contacts she preferred to wear.

Opening the bedroom door, she spotted Kent looking through one of her cookery books. She cleared her throat gaining his attention. He looked up and froze.

"You wear glasses?" he asked.

"Yes. I tend to wear contacts though, but today I think glasses would work." She needed the added layer to keep him away. Lana didn't know if she'd be able to resist him.

It's all in your head. There's no way Kent wants you.

He's got supermodels and beautiful women hiding in his bed. You're nothing compared to them.

I'm real.

Men don't want real women.

"Are you ready?" he asked. She sensed his disappointment.

"I'm ready to leave when you are."

They were silent on the way down to the car. Kent put the radio on shutting out any conversation. She stared out of the window wondering if she'd made a mistake. In the last week and a half she'd come to value his friendship. Kissing, sex, and everything else would take him away. Kent would never commit, and she wasn't the kind of woman to let herself become a one night stand.

You're f**ked.

****

Kent was angry. She'd worn the glasses to try to keep him at bay. He knew enough about Lana to know what she was trying to do. They'd kissed. Their lips had brushed against each other, but they didn't deepen the kiss. He wanted to do far more than kiss, and then she'd pulled away from him.

What did he have to do to convince her he wasn't going to hurt her? She continued to stare out of the window and didn't even look in his direction. Kent ground his teeth together to stop himself from looking like a total ass.

You're forty-five years old. Stop acting like a jerk.

Pulling into the first available spot Kent cut the engine of his car.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

He turned to her. "We kissed, Lana. I'm not scared of the kiss, but I think you are." Kent cupped her cheek forcing her to look at him. "Nothing is going to come of it. Stop acting like I'm going to attack you and demand something from you."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you feel that way," she said.

"Then calm down. We kissed, and I enjoyed it, but nothing is going to happen. We're good."

She smiled at him. Lana took his hand and kissed his knuckles. "Thank you for understanding."

An image of himself bashing his head against the steering wheel entered his head. Instead, he smiled and turned the engine over. He pulled away from the kerb and started in the direction of his parents' home.

That didn't go well.

You were hoping she'd want you back.

You're a f**king idiot.

Over and over he berated himself inside his mind. They'd been friends for two weeks, and already he was f**king it up with his own desires and needs. He took her hand half-way through the journey. She squeezed his hand back.

There was so much more between them, and he didn't want to f**k it up. Lana was clearly hurt by Frank. He saw the pain in her eyes when she'd talked about him.

"Who will be cooking today?" Lana asked.

"My mom. She doesn't allow anyone else in her kitchen. Any woman who is not invited should watch their back. My mom can be a wicked woman."

"She sounds ... pleasant," Lana said.

Kent chuckled. "She's more than pleasant. Since I can remember she's loved her kitchen. No one is going to take that pleasure away even with her in her sixties."

"I can tell you love them."

"Don't you have parents you love?" he asked.

She grew silent. He saw her fidgeting and rubbing her hands along her thighs. Kent decided to let it go. Lana would tell him about her family when she was ready to let that part of herself go.

He pulled down the street where he grew up. His parents came from money, and his grandparents had been happy when they discovered his mom was pregnant.

"Wow, this is where you grew up?" Lana asked.

"Yeah. I went to school down the road. It was a private school."

"This place is amazing."

I could give you this if only you let me.

Kent shook the thought off. He didn't do commitment.

You could if you let her in.

"It's pretty cool. My brothers own a house along here, and so do my two sisters. They're very happy."

"It must be nice," Lana said with a sigh.

He pulled up into the closed driveway. Kent typed in the number for the gate to open.

"You've got a security locked gate?"

"Yeah. My mom demanded it because my grandparents always dropped by when she didn't want them to. It was her way of keeping the in-laws away."

Lana chuckled. "I like the sound of your mom."

"She's going to like you. Trust me, Lana, my mom is no ogre."

"Okay."

She turned behind her to watch the gate close. "It must be nice to lock the world away."

"Have you ever wanted to lock the world away?" he asked.

"Sometimes."

She didn't elaborate. Kent wanted more than anything to get some truth out of her. Instead, he grew silent and waited for her to speak.

He drove up to the main house. The day was overcast, and dinner would be served inside the house. Sophie opened the door and ran down the steps. She was the youngest of all the siblings. She was twenty-five and had been a shock to the family when she arrived.

"Kent, it's about time you got here." He climbed out of the car and tensed waiting for her to jump at him.

Lana got out of the car staring at them. He felt her eyes on him. Sophie wrapped her arms around his neck.

"You've been gone too long, big brother," Sophie said.

"I know. Work has been hectic recently."

"You're all work, and you're going to put yourself into an early grave. Mom and dad are worried. They think you're going to be a sleep-around bachelor for the rest of your life."

Kent cleared his throat. "Can I introduce you to someone?" He pointed toward Lana. "This is Lana Hawkins. She's my friend."

"You don't have female friends, not after ... erm ... you know what I mean."

He glared at his sister. They were saved by the rest of his family running down the stairs including some of his nieces and nephews. He was suddenly bombarded with hugs, kisses, and slaps on the back.

Lana stood off to the side watching the whole spectacle. He saw something else in her gaze as she watched him, a yearning. She wanted what he'd gotten.

"Guys, stop with the hugs and everything. I get it. You love me and miss me." They took a step back. "I want to introduce you to a friend. This is Lana Hawkins."

His mom, Penny, turned to Lana. He'd seen the happiness on her face. Kent felt he'd done the right thing bringing Lana with him.

Chapter Nine

Kent's family was huge, and Lana saw they all loved each other. The display of affection was making her yearn for something similar. There would be no happy family gatherings for her and no public displays of affection. If anything, her mother would proposition Kent after already getting blind drunk. She'd not seen her mom in years, and the thought of returning to the trailer where she used to live filled her with fear.

His mom turned to look at her. She had expected to see the disappointment or some other emotion of disgust. What she got was a large smile, and then she was pulled into his mom's arms.

She turned her gaze to Kent wondering what to do.

"You need to wrap your arms around her, dear," the older man who looked like Kent said.

The others chuckled. Lana smiled along with them and wrapped her arms around the woman. The older woman smelt so comforting. Her vanilla scent helped to calm Lana's nerves.

"Penny, dear, I think you're scaring the woman," the older man said.

"Lana, this is my mom, Penny, and this big guy here is my dad, Derek."

"It's nice to meet you," Lana said. Penny let her go and smiled.

"You're so pretty."

Heat filled her cheeks at the compliment. "Erm, thank you."

Kent moved to her side. He took her hand in his as they faced his family. "You're scaring my friend, guys. Take a step back. Sorry, they're not used to seeing people," Kent said, joking.

She smiled.

"No, we're the ones used to seeing people. Kent here spends too much time working to know what real people are doing."

"Shut it, Seth." A blonde woman with a slender figure slapped the oldest Anderson brother. "It's great to see you, Kent."

"Tonya."

So this was the woman who broke Kent's heart. Lana turned to the beautiful woman. Tonya Anderson looked like she could have been a model. Her slender frame didn't look as if she'd given birth to three children.

"Kent," she said. Tonya knelt down and picked up her youngest daughter. "We're so glad to see Uncle Kent, aren't we?" She spoke in a baby voice.

"Come on, dear, let me get you inside. It's cold out here, and my frail bones can't take much more," Penny said.

Derek followed behind them. Penny and Derek didn't look particularly old. The years had been good to the older couple. Kent smiled after her. Wasn't he coming inside?

He was leaving her alone with his family. She suddenly felt exposed by being left alone with them. The rest of his family followed them inside. Seth, Tonya, and Kent stayed outside. Their kids were playing around their feet.

"Don't mind them, Lana," Penny said. She was taken into one of the largest kitchens she'd ever seen. There was a range cooker along the back wall, but in the centre was a counter with a stove in the middle and plenty of space for her to sit.

Lana felt like she'd stepped onto a cover of a magazine. "Do you like my kitchen? Kent did tell me you liked to bake."

"Your kitchen is beautiful. I've got a small oven in my apartment." Along the far wall was a double oven at chest height. There was also a double fridge freezer along the opposite wall. The kitchen was spacious, and she saw it was much loved by Penny. The scent of chicken filled the air.

"I've got three chickens cooking for dinner. My boys and my girls have a healthy appetite," Penny said.

"You also have enough for leftovers, Pen. Don't forget your legendary leftovers," Derek said. He was reading the paper.

Sophie and Dawn walked into the room and took a seat on either side of her.

"So, you're Kent's woman?" Sophie asked, grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl on the counter.

"Sophie, if you eat that and struggle with your dinner, there'll be trouble," Penny said, warning the others.

A cup of tea was placed in front of her.

"Mom, I'm twenty-five, not twelve."

"You still act like a kid, Soph. Mom's right. Don't eat too much," Dawn said.

Eric walked into the kitchen. Everyone was everywhere, and Lana didn't have a clue how to keep up. "What are you looking at, Dad?"

"The results on the football," Derek said.

"You don't even watch the football, baby," Penny said. A blush stained the older woman's cheeks. "You've always got something better to do."

"Ew, gross, they're going all lovey-dovey and talking about sex. Make them stop, Dawn," Sophie said.

"Honey, if you've got it as good as I have, you'll be blushing at my age," Penny said. "Now, are you Kent's woman?"

Lana opened her mouth to speak, but she was beaten to it by another person.

"Of course she's his woman. Kent never brings a woman home unless he's serious about her. When's the wedding?" Derek asked.

"Guys, you're terrifying her," Kent said, stepping behind her. "There's no wedding. Lana and I are friends."

"Oh dear, I think we were scaring you, weren't we?" Penny said.

"I'm not used to a large crowd," Lana said.

"You'll get used to it," Tonya said, bringing in her three children and Seth. The crowd was getting bigger and bigger.

Kent squeezed her shoulders. She took the comfort.

"Here you are, pet, a nice cup of tea. I buy the good stuff." Penny placed a cup in front of her. Dawn and Sophie then started to add sugar and milk to her cup. "Girls! Leave the poor girl alone."

"It's fine," Lana said.

He kept stroking her arm, which made it hard for her to concentrate on the conversation. His touch sent shivers up her spine. She couldn't do anything but think about what he was doing to her body.

"I promise, Lana, you'll get used to it, and before long, you're having a three way conversation and managing to keep up," Tonya said.

Lana smiled at the other woman.

****

Kent tightened his grip on Lana's shoulders. He felt her shaking from the nerves. His family were hard to deal with at first. Growing up with all of them made it easier for him to keep up with each conversation. It was one of the reasons he believed he was a good businessman.

Tonya's advice was nice to hear. The other woman had stopped him from going inside the house along with his brother Seth. They were worried about him because of his lack of visits to the family home. He saw the love Tonya had for his brother, and after all this time he truly believed she loved Seth.

He couldn't force Tonya to stop loving his brother. They were never meant to be. Kent understood that now. Running his fingers up and down Lana's arm he felt at peace. Lana was meant to be here with him. Her place was by his side even though she kept trying to run away from him.

Before coming home, he'd phoned his parents to warn them about Lana's insecurities. They were simply being themselves around her.

Lana picked up the cup of tea. She took a sip and winced.

"Oh no, too much sugar," Sophie said. The cup was whisked out of her hands and thrown in the sink. He watched as Sophie then started to make another drink.

"Where are your men?" he asked.

"Football," Dawn and Sophie said.

He turned to Eric. "My woman's shopping with the kids. They need a new costume for some school play, and you know my woman. She needs to make it herself."

Kent nodded. The few times he'd come home for Sunday lunch he'd felt sorry for his siblings. Their lives were constantly filled with the mundane crap that came with a steady woman or man and a family.

Now, as he stood behind Lana he saw something completely different. Kent saw himself from their perspective. He saw a lonely older man with nothing but work to keep him company.

Turning around he saw Seth rubbing Tonya's shoulders as she helped their oldest son do homework. The connection among all of them made him feel lonely.

He watched as his dad moved to where his mom was peeling potatoes for dinner. Derek put his hands on Penny's h*ps and was whispering against her ear. The love he witnessed startled him.

Kent didn't have any of this. When they all went home, they had their partners, husbands and wives to wrap up warm to. What did he have? A beeping phone where he could call any woman and a black book filled with numbers of women he didn't want.

His life was meaningless.

"Kent, why don't you show Lana your old room?" Penny said.

Nodding, Kent took Lana's hand and escorted her to his room. He had slept on the top floor.

"Wow, your family is huge," Lana said.

"They're a great bunch. Were you struggling to keep up?" he asked.

"I was getting there. It was pretty hectic." She smiled. He kept a firm grip on her hand as they made their way up to his room.

He opened the door. The only other woman in his childhood bedroom was Tonya.

"You've got a lot of trophies," Lana said. "You've gone all silent on me."

"I'm just thinking." He sat down on his bed, picking up the ball his mother had left there on his last day of college.

"What are you thinking about?" Lana tucked some stray strands of hair behind her ear. The glasses she wore made her look adorable.

Kent let out a sigh. "I've not come to a family dinner in some time. I've always made an excuse not to be here. Work, dates, my friends."

"You were hiding from Tonya," Lana said.

"I thought I was hiding from her. It's insane how I've built this wall up between myself and my family," he said.

She waited for him to speak. He tried to find the right words to say. "I was pissed at Seth and Tonya. I felt they'd betrayed me, but you can't control the person you fall in love with. They're in love."

"I can see that."

"I didn't. I thought she wanted the older brother, the guy who'd inherit the real fortune from our dad. I've always wanted to go my own way. Dad let me do what I wanted." He laughed thinking how silly his past thoughts have been. "When I came here, alone, I used to feel sorry for them all. They had family, responsibility. They weren't free. I thought I had the good life."

"You don't think that?" she asked.

"I thought they were jealous of me because I didn't have any responsibilities. They felt sorry for me because I have nothing."

"You have something, Kent." Lana nudged his arm.

Tears filled his eyes as the truth hit him square in the chest. "No, I don't. What exactly do I have?" He stared down at the ball in his hand. "I've got a successful company and a lonely big penthouse f**king apartment. I've got friends who've settled down with a family."

He wiped under his eyes as the real loneliness started to set in. "Like I said to you, I don't have female friends I don't f**k. I've got nothing. When I go home tonight I won't be going back with a wife or girlfriend. I'll be going home to an empty apartment. I've got a big f**k-off television to keep me company. Man, I've got a phone filled with lots of available women who'll come and sleep with me. But what do I really have? I've got nothing."

She wrapped her arms around him. Tears were streaming down her face. "You've not got nothing, Kent."

"No? Then what do I have? Because right now I feel like a f**king waste of time." Lana cupped his cheek and turned him to face her. "You've got me. I'm not going anywhere."

Chapter Ten

One month later

Lana placed the food down in front of her regular customer. She waited for them to ask for something else. When they ignored her, she walked toward the next customer. She checked the clock on the far wall to see how long she had left before it was time to start heading for her other job. Her time with Kent was the best part of her day. Their time at his family's home had really cemented their friendship. After she'd promised to always be in his life, Kent had held her close, and their friendship deepened. They were no longer the billionaire business man and the cleaner in her mind. They were simply Kent and Lana, two friends who enjoyed spending time together. He was her first real friend, and she adored him. She checked the clock again to see if the hands had moved faster. This was how her life had become, clock watching.

She grabbed the cloth and started wiping down surfaces while also taking used plates and trays back into the kitchen. The other two waitresses were giggling over a story in the newspaper. A quick glance at the paper and she saw Kent's face on the front cover. He'd warned her of another story coming out about his exploits in the bedroom.

Shaking her head, she grabbed the pot and coffee and made her rounds. She filled cups and took extra orders while also thinking about the weekend ahead. Christmas was fast approaching, and Penny had phoned her inviting her to their house for Christmas.

Declining the offer had been difficult, and Kent had eventually persuaded her to go with him. They were Christmas shopping together at the weekend. He was spending the weekend at her house, and she was baking him a cake to take into work.

She didn't understand why he enjoyed spending time with her. He'd also invited her to his friend's house one night. All the guys who'd been present at the art exhibition were there. She'd played cards and watched Kent get thrashed at pool.

When it was time for her to leave, she changed into her other uniform and headed out the door. She was rounding a corner when a hard chest stopped her.

Falling to the floor, she looked up to see Frank standing over her. Lana tensed. She'd not seen her ex in months.

"What are you doing here?" she asked.

He reached down, taking her hand. "Is that any way to talk to a friend?" He helped her up. She closed her coat, covering her uniform.

"Sorry, if you'll excuse me," she said, heading around him.

"I came to see you, Lana."

"What happened to the blonde woman with all the money?" she asked, recalling his disdain towards her with her lack of funds. She couldn't believe she lost sleep over him leaving her. He'd been abusive and downright cruel to her.

"Michelle is out of the picture. I could never handle her. I wanted to see you, Lana."

His words stopped her in her tracks. What could he possibly have to say to her? Lana turned to him. There was once a time when she would have fallen for his routine, but staring at him after all the time she'd spent with Kent, she saw the true man beneath Frank's surface, and she didn't like what she saw.

"What do you want?"

"I miss you," he said. Rolling her eyes, Lana continued walking away. Her other job started in an hour, and she enjoyed walking the distance to get to Kent's building. Frank's words sent shivers down her spine. She didn't want him anywhere near her.

"Will you slow down?"

"No, I've got another job to do."

"Really? I thought you'd have that rich guy paying for you," Frank said. His words made her stop. She frowned and turned toward him. "That got your attention?"

"What are you doing, Frank? How do you know about Kent?"

"I bet you're like your mother, spreading your legs for whatever a man can give you." She reached up and slapped Frank around the face. It was the first time she'd ever struck him. He looked surprised. She noted his fisted hand and took a step back. All of her warning bells were going off. Every second she stood with him, Lana felt like a fool for sticking around with him. There was nothing good about him or the past she'd shared with him. Two years had been a long time to waste, but at least there wasn't any chance of her letting him back. Frank was over.

"You deserve that. Kent and I are friends. There is nothing going on between us." She started walking again. Tears filled her eyes at Frank's vile words.

"Does he even know about your past? Does he know about your mother?"

"I told you those things about me because I thought you loved me, Frank. I thought I loved you."

"It's amazing what you can get a woman to do with a few kind words," Frank said.

"You're a sick bastard. If you think you can use me in some way then you're mistaken. I'm Kent's friend, nothing else."

They were approached by a large guy wearing a suit. "Sir, I've got to ask you to leave Miss Hawkins alone, now."

"Who the f**k are you?" Frank asked.

She'd never heard him talk like that to anyone else but her before.

"My employer would like for you to step away from the lady. Lana, Kent would like you to get into the car."

Lana shook her head. "I don't know you. There is no way I'm getting in a car."

Spinning on her heel she walked faster toward the Kent's building. Frank's arrival unnerved her. She'd bared her soul to him, and now it sounded like he wanted to use her for money. Did he really think she had some kind of hold on Kent?

My life is turning into a soap opera.

She glanced behind her to see the black car following her. After twenty more minutes of walking she got to the entrance of Kent's building. She pressed in the code taking her up to the top floor.

Without waiting to calm down, Lana went straight to his office. He was closing his cell phone as she entered.

"You had me followed?" she asked.

"For good reason. It was getting darker, and I didn't like the thought of you being alone. I hired a guy I trust to follow you. It's for your own safety."

Lana frowned, and then she recognised the guy. She'd served him numerous times at the diner. "Why? I'm perfectly safe," she said.

"You're a beautiful woman, Lana. You're my friend. I'm looking out for your safety, and tonight I'm pleased I did. Frank came to visit you," Kent said.

He seemed to know a hell of a lot. Her anger grew as he threw down a small brown file. "I've been getting harassing phone calls from this man."

The picture was of Frank holding up a black sign. Her stomach took a dive as she looked at the photo.

****

"What is this?" she asked.

Kent had been getting the calls offering information on Lana in exchange for money for some time. The man in question had even been to his office trying to cause a fuss. The police officer who'd escorted him off the premises was a friend and had warned him about a history of violence.

He didn't know how Lana had gotten away from Frank without some kind of violent outburst. Then he'd discovered Frank took his aggression out on all of his women in different ways. Her ex had been cheating on her throughout their relationship. For all Kent knew, Frank was hurting Lana in some way.

"This man offered me information on you in exchange for money. This is your ex-boyfriend? The one who dumped you and left?" he asked.

She nodded.

"From what I've read, you're a lucky woman. He's got a history of violence under his belt. Women are terrified of him. He lost his job at the bank a few months ago, and from what I've found out, things are tight. Frank likes to live a luxurious lifestyle. He can't afford it and is looking for someone to help fund the bill."

Tears filled her eyes as she dropped the file. "I never knew he was like that. I mean, he said horrid things and sometimes his anger got the better of him. I thought I was the one to bring it out of him. I can't believe he was the same person. He loved his job, or at least I thought he did."

She folded her arms over her chest.

"What information does he have on you?" Kent asked.

"You didn't buy the information?"

"No, you're my friend. I'd rather hear it from your lips."

Lana let out a sigh. "I'm sorry for jumping to the wrong conclusions, and thank you for that guy. Knowing this," she pointed at the folder, "Frank would have gotten violent. I'd never use our friendship for his personal gain. I can't believe I never knew this."

Kent got up and went around his desk. He pulled her against his body and held her tightly.

"I don't have a very good past. I don't like talking about it, Kent. I was never on drugs or anything. It was just a pretty bad start to life. That was all."

He'd figured that much out with her having no pictures in her apartment or talking about her family. Lana kept herself closed off from the world. His family liked her and looked forward to her spending Christmas with them.

"Hey, Frank is out of the picture. He's not going to spoil your life anymore. You've got me," Kent said. From the day at his home where she'd promised he would always have her, Kent had made a promise to himself to always be there for her. He'd hired Mitch, the guy who followed her to keep her safe. Kent got daily reports, and when the call came through of Frank harassing her, he wished he'd been the guy with her and not Mitch.

"Thank you. I know I can count on you." She rested her head against his chest. Stroking her hair, Kent closed his eyes and relished the feel of her in his arms.

"Am I forgiven?"

"Yes. I could never stay mad at you for long, Kent."

They stood in his office for several minutes. He didn't want to break the cuddle off. Kent loved the feel of her in his arms. He'd sworn off women. The only woman he cared about was in his arms.

He'd talked with his parents about how he felt, and they agreed with him to take it slow. His mother and father adored her. They thought she was sweet, but they also felt sorry for her. She was clearly used to not having any affection toward her.

Kent wanted to give her the world.

She pulled away. "I better get started. I don't want you phoning the firm and telling them I'm becoming lazy."

He'd never do that. In fact, he'd already agreed to give her a large bonus. She should receive it at the end of week in time for her to go shopping with him. He'd settled everything with the firm.

When she'd been in the shower one night, he'd gone hunting for the safe with the bills she worked out. He'd gone through her paperwork and started leaving money in the safe, and when he didn't get chance to put it in the safe, he left it around her apartment. Kent figured leaving her money lying around on surfaces or slotted inside books would be more realistic.

One day he'd purposefully placed some money in a cook book. He'd opened the page in the kitchen and stared at her.

"Are you leaving enough money in books now to pay for ingredients?"

Lana had frowned when she saw the two bills laid in the page.

Kent made sure not to leave her too much in case she got suspicious. He also upped her wages through the company. She'd been excited at getting a raise.

These were the little things he could do for her. She still refused to let him pay for a television or a cell phone. It wouldn't be long until he got his way. He looked forward to seeing her face on Christmas morning.

His parents were excited about having her in the family. Penny looked forward to getting in touch with her when he got her the cell phone.

"I've got a few things to do here. Are there any leftovers at your place?" Kent asked.

"No, I'm dry until Friday. I'm living off stale bread and ham."

He chuckled. "Then tonight is your lucky night. You're coming back to my place."

"You don't have to do that," she said.

"I'm not taking no for an answer. I've got food, and I intend to feed you."

"Okay." She moved out of his office and started working. He went back to his desk to finish signing some of the letters he'd not gotten around to during the day. Every now and again he looked up to find her bent over a desk, showing him her glorious ass.

Moaning, he covered his eyes and forced himself to concentrate on the document in front of him. His feelings for Lana were growing. He didn't know how much longer he could cope with just being her friend.

Chapter Eleven

Tiredness consumed Lana, and for once she was pleased she wasn't cooking. Kent drove them to his apartment. Her eyes widened at the sheer size of the building in front of her. He punched in some numbers, and then he was driving underneath the building.

"You live here?" she asked.

"Yeah. It's nothing like my parents' home, but this is where I live when I'm not with them."

"This is insane. I can't believe you want to spend time with me when you could be here."

"It's lonely, Lana."

She kept her mouth closed after that statement. Kent had opened his heart to her the last time they were at his parents' house.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't worry about it." He parked the car, and together they made their way up to his apartment. She stared at their reflections in the metal door of the elevator. Kent wore a designer business suit while she wore her cleaning uniform. They were like chalk and cheese.

Her old tattered purse dangled in front of her legs. They were polar opposites of each other. Dropping her gaze from their reflections, Lana stared at her trainer pumps. She spotted a tomato grease stain from one of the kids she'd served in the diner. Pulling a tissue out of her bag she dropped down and started cleaning the mess from her shoe. She hated mess, and she couldn't believe she hadn't seen the stain on her shoe before now.

"Lana, what's the matter?" Kent bent down.

"I've got to clean the mess. I've had a raise, and I can't believe my standards are slipping." Tears filled her eyes as she recalled the horrid food stains in the trailer. The time she'd gone into her mother's room and the stench of sex, urine, and alcohol had filled the room.

She'd never allow herself to be like her. Frank was wrong. She wasn't like her mother. Everything had to be clean and have its own place.

Kent's hand closed over hers. "Stop this," he said.

Lana lifted her head. Tears fell on her cheeks. He wiped the tears away. "I'm not like her. I'm not dirty. I like things clean, and I work hard. I'm not like her."

"No, you're not like her."

He didn't have a clue who she was talking about, but hearing him agree with her meant a lot. Kent removed her hand away from the shoe. "See, it's all clean. You're fine. I promise."

She wrapped her arms around his neck. "I'm sorry."

The bell on the elevator rung out letting them know they'd come to the right floor. Kent lifted her up in his arms. She didn't let go as he carried her down the corridor to his room.

Resting her head against his chest she waited for him to open the door.

"I won't have to fight semi-naked women out of your apartment, will I?" she asked, teasing him.

"No. There are no na**d women here."

"That's good to know."

His heart thumped against her ear. Kent carried her inside his apartment. He sat down on the sofa pulling her onto his lap.

"I'm too heavy," she said. Lana went to move off his lap. Kent stopped her by holding her tightly against him.

"Don't even think about it. You're not going anywhere." Kent stroked her hair, soothing her with tiny caresses. She closed her eyes relishing the closeness she felt next to him. After a time, Kent lifted her off his lap and placed her at the end of the sofa. He removed her shoes and socks.

"I don't want you to move from this space."

"I'm sorry about the elevator. I don't know what came over me," she said, dropping her gaze as the shame of her past gripped her.

"You know what came over you. It's your mysterious past. You don't want to talk about it, and that's fine. You don't have to talk about it or say anything. You'll tell me when you're ready to."

He tapped her leg and made to move away.

"It's my mother. She's the only person from my past."

"Didn't she like mess?" he asked, sitting down.

Heat filled her cheeks as she recalled the mess inside the trailer. "She didn't care for mess or much of anything else. I'm nothing like her."

Dropping her gaze, she wrapped her arms around her legs. Kent handed her the remote. "Here, watch television. I'm going to get us some food."

"You know how to cook?" she asked, teasing him.

"You've seen my mom's kitchen. Do you really think she'd let any of her boys go without knowing how to look after themselves?" he asked.

"Point taken. I look forward to your food."

He left her alone. She clicked on the television. The screen was large, and seeing the size of it made her chuckle. Kent had been trying to get her to have a bigger television for a long time. Shaking her head, she flicked through the channels.

"I see why you want the bigger screen. I don't even think this would fit into my apartment," she said, calling out to him.

"Everyone deserves a big screen. I can get one to fit your apartment," he said.

Lana laughed. "My electric bill would go through the roof. How much does it cost to run?"

"Stop teasing me and enjoy it."

She continued flicking through the channels like he told her. There were several sports channels along with a couple of p**n channels. Lana shook her head at his choice of viewing and stuck with the news. The safest channel was the news.

He came back out of the kitchen with a tall glass of milk.

"The news? You're watching the news?" he asked with mock disgust.

"I thought it was better than sex." She lifted a brow. Kent chuckled and walked away.

Glancing around the room she spotted several pictures of his family along the shelves.

****

If his c**k got any bigger Lana would notice him tenting his pants with the size of his erection. He felt like the worst friend in the world. While she'd been crying in his lap, he'd been enjoying the feel of her pressed against him.

Opening his fridge he took out the pasta and sauce he'd bought the other day. He'd intended to cook for her when he bought them. The only thing that had changed for him was Frank coming back on the scene. He filled a pan with water and salted the water. Kent got everything ready like his mother taught him to cook the pasta. He glanced into the room to see Lana had taken her coat off. The uniform she wore did nothing for her figure.

His cell phone buzzed letting him know he'd gotten a call. His mother's name flashed on the screen.

He let Lana know his mother was calling.

"What are you doing up this late?" he asked, putting the phone to his ear.

"Don't be cheeky to me. I'm calling to see about Lana's Christmas present. I've got a catalogue here, and I see some dresses I think will look gorgeous on her."

His mother already viewed her as being part of the family.

"What colours?"

"I've got blue and purple. I think the purple will look good. I need her size."

"What does Dad think of you ordering like this?" Kent asked.

"Your father leaves me to do what I do best, and that's looking after my family. I'm looking after my family, and I get the feeling Lana hasn't had much looking after," Penny said.

Kent turned the heat on the stoves down and walked into his bedroom. "I've got something to tell you."

"Okay, I'm ready for the gossip."

He chuckled and then told her everything that had happened from Frank showing up to the episode inside the elevator.

"She's been hurt bad, son. I think you need to take it carefully."

Kent took her advice and hung up.

Moving out of the room he saw her sat watching the news. He quickly finished dinner and handed her a plate of steaming pasta.

"This smells good," she said.

She twirled the pasta around her fork and sucked it into her mouth. He watched her lips close around the fork, and like a randy teenager he was hard imaging those lips around other parts of his body.

He was going to burn in hell because of his thoughts.

"This is really good."

"I was taught by the best."

"Penny is an amazing woman," Lana said.

"I'm glad you like her. She likes you, you know?"

Lana shrugged, and a blush stained her cheeks.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"I don't know. Sometimes I feel a little out of place. We're weird being friends. I don't know. I forget we come from different worlds." She finished her food without saying another word. He let her.

Kent had come to realise Lana kept herself closed off in order to protect herself. She'd been hurt in the past, and he didn't think it was just because of Frank. There were parts of her past that were fuzzy. At least he knew she'd known one parent. He got the sense that one parent wasn't the best source of comfort to his woman.

She handed him her plate and sat back against the sofa. He cleaned away the dishes and found her asleep curled around a pillow. Kent didn't want to wake her.

He moved toward the spare bedroom and made the bed for her to sleep. He turned the thermostat up so she'd have plenty of warmth in the large bedroom.

Once he was done, he moved back to where she lay on the sofa. Kent lifted her into his arms and carried her through the bedroom. She mumbled in her sleep but didn't fight him.

Her weight meant nothing to him as he placed her on the bed. He stared down at her for the longest time. She looked relaxed in her sleep. The deep frown she usually wore was flat. She appeared younger in sleep without a care in the world. He wanted to see her like this more often. She shouldn't worry about money or stressing about life.

He'd make it his business to make sure she was taken care of in all things.

Opening the top button of her uniform, Kent averted his eyes and removed the dress from her body. He took a quick glance at her beauty before covering her up with a blanket. For the longest time he stood over her watching her sleep. He wondered what it would feel like to climb into the bed behind her and have her wrapped in his arms.

Instead of doing what he craved, he turned away and made his way to his own room. He switched off the television on his way to his room.

Kent turned the lamp on before going through to his bathroom. Staring at his reflection he saw every one of his forty-five years reflected back at him. Lana was the first woman to sleep in his apartment without him ha**ng s*x with her.

His time for sleeping around had ended the moment she entered his life. Did Lana even realise the impact she'd had on him?

He doubted she even understood her value to him.

Removing his clothes he climbed into the shower. He squirted some shower gel in his palms and massaged the gel over his skin. His c**k pulsed as he remembered the sight of her na**d body. He cupped his c**k thinking about touching her silken skin. His mind was filled with her moans of pleasure.

Kent pumped his shaft until his seed released from the tip. The orgasm was satisfactory but nothing like he imagined taking Lana would be.

Later that night he fell to sleep thinking about Lana and the future he could have with his cleaner. She meant so much more to him than being a cleaner.

Chapter Twelve

Lana opened the mail on Saturday morning and almost spit the coffee she'd been drinking all over the door. She'd been sent a bonus for her cleaning work and the amount had her gasping for breath. Looking over the numbers she decided the amount had to be a mistake.

She went down to the pay phone they kept in the building. Putting a few quarters into the machine, she punched in the number for the company where she worked. Once she reached the boss she asked her about the amount.

The amount was correct, and the bonus would be paid in full. All she needed to do was take the check to her bank and cash it.

Gazing down at the amount she wasn't paying attention as someone knocked on the door. Looking up she saw Kent stood with a key in hand. He was unlocking the door as she made her way over to him.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"I've been sent a bonus." She lifted the check up for him to see. "Do you have anything to do with this?"

He took the check from her. "No, but you must have gotten good feedback." Kent raised his brow. She slapped him with the check.

"You're the one responsible for this. I shouldn't take this money."

Kent glared at her. "You earned that money. The work you do around the office is amazing. Lana, working the hours you do, you deserve a bonus. When the company asked me for feedback I gave them the truth."

"This has nothing to do with our friendship ... or the kiss?" she asked, nibbling her lip.

"I've never had to pay for it, Lana, and I don't expect to start now. I suggest you cut the crap. You earned this money because your work is brilliant."

He stormed past her making his way up the stairs. "Do you have to look at every gift as if it is a bad f**king thing?" he asked.

Lana followed him up the stairs cringing at the words he was saying. "I'm sorry."

"You better be. I can't believe this. You've made me feel guilty for telling your boss you were a good worker."

She closed the door behind her. Several of her neighbours came out to see what the commotion was.

"Sorry," she said.

Turning back to Kent she saw him pacing her short living room. "Does this mean you don't want to go shopping with me? Why does everything have to have an angle with you?"

"I'm not used to something like this," she said, lifting the check up for him to see. "I don't take anything for granted. This means I can go shopping with you without holding back. I can buy all of your family presents."

Tears filled her eyes at the true meaning of what the money meant to her.

"Thank you," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck. Deep gratitude filled her at the gift he'd given her. "This was really thoughtful of you."

He nodded but didn't say anything else to her.

"Are you ready to do some shopping?" he asked.

Lana saw he was uncomfortable and decided not to push him. "Yeah," she said, following him out of the door.

They spent the day moving from shop to shop in the city centre. She went with him when he visited designer boutiques, and he followed her into the more reasonably priced high-street stalls.

After some lunch in a French bistro, they finished shopping for his siblings.

"Sophie will want something designer," he said.

"Why?" Lana took a lollipop out of her bag, unwrapping the foil around it and started to suck. Kent paused in talking to watch her.

"What?" she asked.

He shook his head, smiled and carried on talking. "Her theory is down to the fact I'm made of money I should splurge on her."

"That's not very nice," Lana said.

Kent chuckled. "One Christmas I bought her a pair of slippers from the corner shop. She went mad because they were too big and ugly for her. It's kind of a long running joke for us."

She smiled even though she didn't understand the joke. Lana stood with him as he checked through several items of jewellery. While the assistant was flirting with him Lana gazed over several of the jewels. A ruby pendant caught her eye. The jewel in the centre was surrounded by a silver serpent. The design was entirely feminine and beautifully crafted. When she spotted the cost of the piece she shook her head. There was no way she'd ever be able to afford such an extravagant piece of jewellery. She'd be terrified to wear it.

"What are you looking at?" Kent asked, making her jump in the process.

"You startled me." Lana pressed a palm to her breast.

"Sorry. What were you looking at?"

Pointing at the necklace, she waited to see his reaction. "It's beautiful. I want to see it on you." He signalled to the assistant.

"No, I can't afford anything like this, Kent. Please, don't." She grabbed his arm, giving him a shove, but he ignored her.

The assistant walked over with an easy smile. Lana watched as she checked out Kent. "What can I help you with, Sir?" she asked.

I'll give you Sir.

Her jealousy was going to land her in heaps of trouble.

You're friends. Stop acting like you're something more.

"My friend will try on the ruby serpent," Kent said. There was no asking; he simply demanded.

The woman smiled. She unlocked the case and carefully brought the necklace toward her. Lana stared at the necklace, which was even more beautiful when it wasn't covered by the safety glass.

She lifted her hair up as the woman secured the clasp. Lana turned toward the mirror and stared. She wished she could be frivolous with money and buy it. Instead, she lifted her hair up and waited for the woman to remove the necklace.

****

Kent saw her desire for the necklace. The cost of the jewel didn't faze him, and yet Lana looked so unhappy by it. He gave the assistant a nod. This would go with Lana's gifts. He wouldn't leave the shop without having the necklace put away for her. The way her eyes lit up at the sight of the jewel was more than worth the effort of coming back to get it.

He handed the assistant his card, which she used to finish paying for his gifts.

As he took Lana out of the shop he spotted the woman packaging the necklace for him. Once they finished all of their shopping, they made their way towards his car. They were laden with shopping bags. He filled the boot of his car before climbing behind the wheel. The winter chill was upon them. He rubbed his hands together before starting the car. The heater blasted ice cold air. Lana shivered.

"Give it a few minutes to warm up," he said.

"It's so cold."

Her teeth started chattering, which for some reason he found to be the cutest thing. Kent turned the engine over and waited for the car to heat up before turning the heating on. She rubbed her hands together over the heater.

"I'll be fine," she said. "I timed the heating to come on in my apartment. We'll be okay if you want to start driving."

Putting the car into gear, he headed in the direction of her apartment. She'd promised to cook for them. Even though it was pitch black outside the clock said it was only after six.

They'd been shopping for a good eight hours. It was the longest time he'd been with a woman shopping and enjoyed it.

She didn't ask for a single thing.

Lana asked for his advice on purchases for his parents but nothing else. She never expected for him to get his cash or his card out of his pocket. When they went for lunch she paid for her own meal as he paid for his.

She was the first woman to not expect him to foot her bill. The knowledge was refreshing for him. He parked the car in the parking lot, and together they made their way toward the front of her apartment building. Their arms were laden with packages. A couple were exiting the building, and they helped them through the doors.

By the time Kent and Lana made it to her apartment, they were overcome with laughter. He couldn't stop as he listened to her laughing. They fell together in a heap amongst the packages.

"I have no idea what I find so funny," Lana said.

"Me neither." Their laughter died off. "I think we need to get up off this cold floor."

"I agree."

Kent got to his feet first and held his hand out for Lana to take. He helped her up, and together they placed the bags onto the spare sofa.

"Shit, I forgot wrapping paper," he said.

"No worries, I've got some."

She disappeared into her bedroom and came out several minutes later with the stuff they needed to wrap the presents. He watched her remove her coat before going into the kitchen. Her body called to him. The glorious curves tempted him, and it was getting harder to resist her.

"I'll get started on dinner. You can take your coat off, use the bathroom, and make yourself at home," she said, smiling.

He liked how fun and easy his life was with her. She never expected him to talk about work or for him to give away some important point about a business deal. There were no strings attached with her friendship.

They had a great time together, and he loved it.

Disappearing into her bedroom, Kent forced himself to ignore her bed and go straight to the bathroom. He quickly did his business and was wiping his hands on a towel when the colour red caught his attention.

Her laundry basket was full. He knew she'd be going to the laundrette tomorrow to do her washing. Lying on the top for him to see was a lacy bra and panties set. Kent checked the size and quickly typed the size into his phone. Touching the fabric, he felt like a creep and quickly placed them back inside the basket. Her body had been rubbing all over the underwear.

Licking his lips, he took several deep breaths before returning to the living room. She was making some meat sauce with pasta. The garlic and onion scents filled the air. His mouth watered, and his stomach grumbled. Grabbing the remote he turned the news on and then wandered into the kitchen.

Lana was stood at the counter, stirring the sauce.

He gazed at the curve of her back and the full roundness of her ass.

"I bought you some beers," she said.

"Thanks."

Kent grabbed the bottle from the fridge. He moved beside her and popped the top off on the counter.

She whacked his shoulder. "You break or damage my work counter in any way and you'll be paying for it, buddy. There's a bottle opener in the far drawer. Use it next time."

He watched her work about the kitchen. All the time he was imagining her in the red underwear he'd discovered in the laundry basket.

After they ate dinner, Lana did the dishes as he started wrapping their gifts. They fought over the tape, and Kent knew in that moment there was no other place he'd rather be than in Lana's apartment, wrapping gifts. He was in love with her. His feelings for her were no longer in question. Their friendship meant everything to him, and his love would remain hidden.

Chapter Thirteen

Christmas at the Andersons'

Lana waited for Kent to pick her up. It was Christmas Eve, and everything had been arranged for him to collect her on his way to his parents' house. He'd stopped off at his office building prior to picking her up. She checked her suitcase for the hundredth time then all of her bags to make sure she'd packed the presents. Her stay with the Andersons would last until the New Year.

She looked forward to bringing in the New Year with them.

Tucking her hair behind her ear, she pushed her glasses up her nose before putting on her coat. She sat waiting until finally there was a knock on her door.

Kent stood with his hands in the air in surrender. "I'm sorry. Traffic was a nightmare. Is this everything?" he asked, grabbing some of her bags.

"Yeah, this is everything."

"It's snowing out." He warned her as they got to the ground floor. She followed him out the door and around to his car. He'd put snow tires on the instant the bad weather hit.

They placed her bags alongside his in the boot of his car. He helped her into her seat then climbed in behind the wheel.

Lana watched as he pulled into the flow of traffic.

"Everyone's panicking with the last minute shopping. I'm surprised you got the time off work at the diner," he said. "I passed it on the way to you, and it was packed."

She smiled. Lana wasn't about to tell him she'd lost her job at the diner. After she'd asked for time off, the woman who owned the diner refused. She expected Lana to work Christmas Day, which she'd refused. She would worry after New Year on how she was going to pay for rent and food. The bonus she received from Kent would stretch and, she hoped, give her enough time to find a new job.

"Are your parents happy with me coming this year?" she asked.

"They are. You'd better be prepared, Lana. The whole family is going to be there. Sophie and Dawn are bringing their men, and Eric's got his whole family. Christmas is always a big event at home. Mom is cooking up two turkeys to feed us all."

The way he described Christmases made Lana envious. When she lived in the trailer with her own mother, Lana spent most of the holidays catching up on homework or avoiding the men who stopped by.

She shivered recalling that time of year. There were never any presents left by Santa for her or any decorations. The trailer looked a mess year in and year out. Her mother never changed no matter what their circumstances.

The drive was slow, and the snow thickened on the ground. Lana put the radio on for a distraction from her morbid thoughts. Red lights were in front of them from braking cars. She relaxed her head into her hand waiting for the roads to clear. Christmas Eve was always busy. Last minute shoppers were running to the shops to get the final gift that would make Christmas. If it wasn't for Kent she'd be at home or the diner working through Christmas like she'd done every year.

"You're very quiet," he said.

"I'm anxious." She didn't feel like she belonged with the Andersons. Their family were so large and giving. Lana felt like a fraud when she was around them.

"You'll do great." He squeezed her leg offering her support. Lana took the support and hoped she could survive through this time of year without having an emotional breakdown.

She'd not spoke to her mother since she left the trailer after graduation. Shaking her head, she let her thought wander through her memories.

Kent finally got them both to his parents' house. It was past seven, and everyone was in a state of merriment. His brothers helped with the cases and gifts. Penny embraced her, as did his father.

The kids watched with wide eyes as they put the presents under the tree.

"There will be more tomorrow. Presents under the tree are for everyone," Kent said, explaining the process.

"Come on, dear, we've got to get some drink inside you." Penny took her hand and escorted her through to the kitchen where a glorious spread of food was on display. The turkeys were cooking in the oven, and the scents made her stomach growl. Penny handed her a drink and a plate filled with food. "I heard that growl, honey. You're getting food inside you. I won't take no for an answer."

Lana laughed and took the drink along with the food. Kent made his way into the kitchen as she was eating. His mother kept talking about plans. She watched as his mother prepared vegetables for the following day.

"How are you doing?" he asked.

"This is awesome." The drink had loosened her up.

"I bet." He took the drink and had a generous sip.

They stood talking with Penny until it was time to sing carols in the sitting room. She listened as Sophie played the piano and the children sang the tunes. Closing her eyes, she rested her head against Kent's shoulder. This was the kind of Christmas she always dreamed about, the loving, welcoming warmth displayed by everyone.

The children were put to bed, and Kent escorted her toward the spare bedroom. She was on the floor below him.

Her suitcases were on the bed. "My family adore you, Lana. You're an Anderson now."

"I'm not."

He cupped her cheek and forced her to look at him. "You are." Kent dropped down and kissed her lips. "I'll see you when you're done. It's not bed time. There is still time for a late night drink." He stroked her lip and then closed her door behind him.

She stared at the space he'd vacated. Her lips tingled from the small touch.

What was going on? Kent kept confusing her. She knew he'd stopped sleeping around and that he spent more time with her than he did with any other woman.

Stop thinking about it and enjoy Christmas.

****

Kent moved to his room, but Tonya was standing in front of his door. Her arms were folded across her chest as she waited for him.

"You took long enough," she said.

"What do you want?" he asked, moving around her. Tonya followed him into his room without an invitation. "I asked what you wanted. I didn't give you permission to come into my room."

She shrugged. "This place hasn't changed a bit." Tonya picked up one of his old teddies and cradled it against her chest. He remembered many times when she came to visit him. Not once in all of those years did he think she was in love with Seth.

"You're in love with her, aren't you?" Tonya asked.

"That's not your place any more." He warned her without looking at her.

"Whose place is it, Kent? Are you going to spend the rest of your life judging me because I loved your brother more?"

They never spoke about the past. Tonya was married to his brother, and they were happy. Kent never came into it.

"I don't care about it, Tonya. I moved on."

"Bullshit. You never moved on. I know you, and you've always been a resentful little prick. We were friends, and because I didn't return your feelings, you blamed me. Fine, it's all my fault. I loved Seth, and I never should have dated you. I made the mistake of thinking I could make myself love you the way you wanted to be. I loved you as a friend. I still love you as a friend," Tonya said.

"I'm not in the mood for this." He threw his jacket on the bed and walked into the bathroom.

You're in love with Lana.

Kent stopped and turned to Tonya. It was time to get it out. "Yeah, I had an issue with you. I thought you were my friend, and then I felt you were nothing more than a gold-digging whore." He watched as she flinched. Kent didn't get anything from the distraught look in her eyes. At his revelation, she looked broken. "I hated you and Seth. When you went with him I lost my girl and my friend. I loved you, but I've come to see I didn't love you like I thought I did. You were my friend, and I wanted more." He stopped as the revelation of his words woke him up. "I love Lana, and I'm happy for you. We'll never be back to how we used to be, but we'll be civil. At this time that's all I can offer you," he said.

"I see."

"Could you leave? I want to get ready."

Tonya looked like she wanted to say something more. When he didn't give her chance to respond, she turned away and left.

Letting out a breath, he made his way into the bathroom. He took a quick shower and tried to process her words. For the longest time he'd blamed her because he'd thought he was in love with her. The way he felt for Lana was completely different. He loved her for the woman she was. Lana was strong, kind, and confusing. Kent smiled as he thought about how confused he got when he was around her.

Once his shower was finished, he moved into his bedroom. He dressed quickly and made his way downstairs. Lana wasn't downstairs when he made it into the sitting room. The commotion calmed down the moment the children were in bed. He found his mother in the kitchen stirring hot chocolates.

"Have you seen Lana?" he asked.

"She'll be down in a moment. She forgot her toothbrush and came to ask for one. Don't worry, son. I know you're worried about her," Penny said.

He let out a sigh and sat down. "She's never had a Christmas like this. A part of her is broken. I see it in the way she watches us. Sometimes there are tears in her eyes, and I hate seeing it. I figured all families were like ours."

The only person he could confide in was his mother. His dad would go and talk to Lana and probably scare her.

"Has she spoken about any of her family?" Penny asked.

"She's spoken about her mother, but I don't have a name or anything. Her past is a mystery. She works two jobs to make ends meet, and she hates mess. Her apartment is always pristine. When we were wrapping the gifts, she was throwing all the little bits away straight after."

"Some women don't like mess."

"With Lana I think it has to do with her past. I watched her freak out by a red stain on her shoe, Mom. I've never seen anything like it."

Penny moved away from the stove to stand behind him. She put a supporting hand on his shoulder. "We spoilt you kids when you were growing up. Your father and I had the support of our parents when I came home pregnant at such a young age. Having children isn't easy. There are families who are far worse off. All you can do is give Lana the love and support she needs. You love her, Kent. I've seen it."

He placed a hand on top of hers. "I love you, Mom."

"Of course you do. I'm full of wisdom. Lana's a nice girl. She'd make a fine wife and an even better mother. You're not getting any younger. I want to enjoy my grandbabies from you."

"Mom, I'm forty-five."

"And the receding hairline will come, along with the pot belly." She tapped his shoulder.

"Dad doesn't have any of that."

"I know he's got a good woman to keep him in shape. It takes two people to make a marriage work, Kent. Lana will be good for you and your health."

Kent chuckled and paused when he saw Lana stood in the entrance of the kitchen. "I didn't know where everyone was."

His mother winked at him before returning to the stove. Penny knew everything about him even though he tried to hide his feelings from the woman. There was no hiding his love for Lana from his mother.

Chapter Fourteen

Lana woke up to the screams of children. It was Christmas morning, and she rolled over to see it was still dark outside. The clock on her bedside table read after five in the morning.

"Lana, is there any chance you're still asleep?" Kent asked.

She chuckled, climbed out of bed and went to the door. He stood in a robe and slippers. His blond hair was mussed. This was the first time she'd seen him just rolled out of bed. He looked more handsome like this than in a business suit.

"Morning," she said.

"This is ridiculous, but the kids are ready to open presents. Come on down." He stood outside her door waiting for her. She grabbed a robe and headed out.

Everyone was in the living room camped out on the sofa. Derek was sitting by the tree. The older man rubbed his hands together as he started dishing presents out to the kids. Once they were finished and left to unwrap more presents, Derek started handing out gifts to the adults.

Lana found herself growing more excited as the event went on. When Derek handed her several packets she was speechless.

"Happy Christmas, dear," Penny said.

She slowly unwrapped each gift marvelling at what lay before her. Penny had bought her a dress along with a new handbag and shoes. Sophie had bought her a collection of cookbooks, and others gifts ranged from clothes to books to equipment for her apartment. She smiled when she saw a gift voucher for a huge television. Lana turned to Kent.

"Nothing to do with me. My family buy whatever the hell they like."

When a small box was handed to her, Lana's heart jumped inside her chest. She opened the box, and there lay the ruby entwined with a serpent. The same necklace she'd admired in the jewellers.

"I saw how much you wanted it. You deserve it."

"I don't know what to say," she said. The others faded into the background as she looked at him.

"No words are necessary. Put it on."

He helped her place the necklace on. She stared down at the ruby. "This is perfect. Thank you so much."

She wrapped her arms around his neck. The sound of Derek clearing his throat interrupted them. Her gifts to Kent consisted of a pen she'd had embossed with his name, a briefcase, and a picture of his whole family in a picture frame for his desk at work.

"This is amazing, Lana," he said, staring down at his family.

"I noticed you didn't have many family photos. I thought this would be nice on your hard days. You'll see them and know what you're working toward."

Tears were in his eyes as he gathered her up in his arms.

She gasped at the strength inside him. "You've got to let me go. I can't breathe."

Kent released her. "You're such a special person."

"Thank you."

Lana didn't say anything and waited for the rest of the adults to finish. Once all the gifts were unwrapped they went into the kitchen to eat breakfast. Lana settled on cereal while Kent had a full cooked breakfast from Penny.

She'd never experienced a Christmas so full of joy. Lana didn't want it to end and wished she could call them her family.

After breakfast she excused herself to go and get dressed. She sat on the bed with the cell phone she'd been given as well. All of their personal numbers were inside the memory. She stared at the phone as tears filled her eyes. The loving family reminded her of everything she didn't have in her life.

A knock sounded at her door, and Tonya stuck her head around the door.

"Is this a bad time?" the other woman asked.

"No." Lana wiped the tears from her eyes and stood. "I'm fine. Come on in."

Tonya leaned against the door staring at her. "He's in love with you," Tonya said.

Lana looked behind her. "I don't have a clue what you're talking about."

"Yeah, you do."

Lana stood and went to the drawer where her clothes were stored. "I don't know what you mean."

"Kent's in love with you."

Lana froze at the words. Her hands hovered over a pink sweater. "Don't start. We both know who Kent's in love with, and it's not me."

"No, he was never in love with me. He thought he was, but when he looks at you I see who he loves."

Lana turned toward her. "Why are you doing this? It's Christmas morning."

"Because I know you don't see the truth. Kent looks at you the same way Seth looks at me. The earth moves for him, Lana."

"Even if I was to believe you, which I don't, why are you telling me?" Lana asked. There was no way Kent was in love with her. They were friends, nothing more.

"I've hurt him in the past, and it has taken him to find you to finally get over it. We've all been waiting for him to bring a woman home. He never has. He's forty-five years old, Lana, and besides me, you're the first woman he's brought home, and I don't count."

"Why don't you count?" Lana asked. Her throat felt tight at Tonya's words. Lana had been in love with him since the first moment she saw him. That love had grown as she grew to know him. Biting her lip, she looked down at the floor. She kept her feelings locked up because she knew he'd be disgusted by her past. She was nothing like the Andersons and never would be. Her mother had taken care of that.

"I was his friend long before I was his girlfriend. I love Seth. I've always loved Seth, and I hurt Kent because of it. I don't want him to be hurt again."

Lana understood what she was saying, but she didn't know what she could do to prevent heartache. Kent was better off without her. She didn't have this kind of life, and there was no happy ever after in her future.

****

Kent spent one of the best Christmases with Lana. She stayed by his side throughout it all. Her smile and the way she shone around his family cemented in his heart where she was supposed to be. His family adored her as much as he did. She was where she was supposed to be.

He sat with her at the dinner table that was laden with two turkeys and so much food none of them were going to go hungry in the next couple of weeks. Kent rested his arm along the back of her chair, playing with a few strands of her brown hair. She wore her glasses, which he'd started to see as cute. The contacts she usually wore hurt her eyes whereas the glasses she wore for comfort.

They said grace, and then the conversation started. He smiled as everyone began talking at once. Lana handed him the potatoes. "How do you keep up?" she asked.

"Years of practice."

He knew she loved his family. She tried so hard to keep up with everyone. His nieces and nephews loved her as well. Kent had warned his family not to talk about her past. He'd seen how uncomfortable she got around questions of her past. Tonya smiled between the two of them. He wondered what she knew that he clearly didn't.

After dinner Lana helped his mom clean away the dishes as he followed his father out to the snow. They were all watching the kids. His brothers were stood with him.

"You're in love with Lana," Seth said. "Tonya told me last night. She's convinced Lana feels the same way."

He turned to his older brother. "What are you trying to do?"

Seth let out a sigh. "I took away your girl. I love Tonya, Kent. I always have, but I regret doing it the way I did. You deserve so much more. I want you to be happy, and I see Lana gives you that happiness."

Kent turned to each of his family. They all nodded. Even Dawn's husband and Sophie's boyfriend agreed.

"Thank you," he said.

"She's a good woman, son. I want to see Lana at the house more often than not. As far as I'm concerned she's an Anderson now. Take care of her, or you'll have me to deal with." Derek patted him on the back. His father had always possessed a keen sense of character. He read people at face value, and what he saw in Lana, Derek liked.

There were no words for Kent to say. His family accepted her as one of their own. She and the other women came out to join them. Kent wrapped his arms around her as they stared at the children.

"This is nice," she said.

"What?"

"I've always dreamed of having a big family with a couple of kids." She'd never spoken about family. Kent paused, waiting for her to speak more of her wishes. "This has been the best Christmas I've ever had, Kent. Thank you so much for bringing me along with you."

He smiled, and they made their way up the porch steps.

"Mistletoe," Sophie said, shouting the words across the yard. Kent looked up and saw the damning piece of decoration. He glared at his younger sister. When he'd made his way outside he'd not spotted it. Sophie must have hung it on her way out.

Lana's cheeks blazed as his family started chanting, "kiss, kiss, kiss".

"Let's show them how it's done," Kent said. He wrapped his arms around her neck and pulled her close.

Her eyes went wide, and her gaze dropped to his lips. She licked her own as her gaze returned to his eyes. "Yeah, let's." Her words had to be the hottest thing he'd ever heard. Dropping his head, he brushed his lips against hers. Lana's lips were cold to the touch but plump. The inviting plumpness forced him to deepen the kiss. He'd never tasted anything so irresistible before in his life. Like at the dinner table, the rest of his family melted away. Nothing else mattered to him other than his woman in his arms.

There was no denying Lana as his woman. He loved her with his whole entire being. His thoughts were possessed by her. Not a day went by when he wasn't thinking about her. When he woke up in the morning, he was thinking about her. Sinking his fingers into the length of her hair, Kent deepened the kiss. Her eyes closed as he plunged his tongue inside her mouth.

Finally the world came back into focus. The whistles from his family invaded his mind. He broke the kiss.

"Merry Christmas, Lana," he said.

"And to you."

They made their way into the house. Lana went into the sitting room while he went into the kitchen. His mother turned to him.

"I need to get myself together before I go in there."

"Don't worry about it, Kent." Penny put the cloth down on the counter. "Have you spoken to her about your feelings?"

He shook his head.

"Then you better make it a priority, as otherwise you're going to ruin a perfectly good friendship."

His mother patted his cheek leaving him alone in the kitchen. Kent still tasted Lana on his lips. There was no getting away from it. Lana tempted him in the most primal of ways, but she meant the world to him. No woman had ever gotten past his defences like she did. How was he going to survive much longer keeping his feelings at bay?

Kent didn't have an answer. All he could do was pray for the strength to keep it together.

Chapter Fifteen

One month after Christmas

Lana still hadn't found a replacement job. No one was hiring new staff. The economy sucked, and the money she'd been paid in a Christmas bonus was running out fast. Her bills had been increased over Christmas, and her cleaning job wouldn't sustain her for long. Staring down into her safe she saw the bills piling up.

She couldn't bring herself to think of moving out of her apartment. This place was her home. Lana took pride in where she lived. Moving out was the last thing she wanted to do.

You haven't got much choice.

Resting her head on the table she tried to bring some reasoning to her thoughts. No matter what she tried to change, there was not enough money for her to live on.

She was collecting all of her papers together when her cell phone rang. It was Wednesday morning, and Kent told her he was busy with loads of meetings. When she saw his number flash on the screen she was surprised.

"What's up?" she asked, packing the papers away. Her heart raced at the sound of his voice.

"I'm dying," he said.

"What? What do you mean?" She started to panic.

"I'm poorly, Lana. Come and take care of me. I've got man-flu." She rolled her eyes and checked the time. "Please, Lana, I need you to look after me."

There had been tension after the kiss they'd shared during Christmas, but that soon fizzled out when they were alone.

"Okay, fine, I'm coming over."

"Yay, that's my girl. Come and bring some medicine." He hung up after that.

"Great, now what do I do?" She stared at the bills and decided they could wait until after she'd looked after Kent.

Grabbing a few bills from her bedroom, she made her way toward the door. She put her coat on as she walked out of the building.

She saw Mitch sitting outside. Walking over to his car she knocked on the window.

"Will you take me to Kent's place? He called and asked for me to go to him," she said.

"Climb in."

Mitch used to go to the diner with her. She'd served him lunch many times when she was working.

"Have you seen Kent?" she asked.

"No. My job is to keep an eye on you when he's not around. Give him my regards when you see him."

Mitch pulled into traffic. "Are you going to tell him about losing your job at the diner?" Mitch asked.

When she'd lost her job she'd asked Mitch not to say anything. She let out a sigh and shrugged. "I don't know."

"It's only a matter of time before he asks, Lana. You're going to have to tell him something."

"I know. It's just hard telling one boss that another boss fired you," Lana said, sitting back in the car.

"It's different with Kent. He's more than your boss."

Neither said anything else as they made their way toward his building. Lana smiled at the men on the reception desk before heading toward the elevator. No one stopped her on her way up to Kent's room. She'd stood laughing and joking with several of the employees in the building one day when they stopped her. Kent had to give her picture to security in order for her to get inside his building.

At his door she pulled out the key to get inside. Closing the door behind her she spotted Kent immediately.

"What have you done?" Lana asked him. Kent was lying down on the sofa looking deathly pale. Perspiration dotted his brow, and he shivered even though the heating was on inside the room. He'd given her a key the other month. She hadn't used the key because Kent always went to her. She threw the key on the coffee table. Used tissues, a dirty plate, and medicine were on the table. Her hands were itching to clean up the mess.

Kent usually picked her up and visited her at her apartment. This was the first time he'd called her asking for help. The sight of him was freaking her out.

"I've done nothing. I'm dying, Lana." He grumbled out the words.

Pressing her palm to his forehead she felt his temperature was high.

"We need to get you cleaned up. This air is not going to be good for you." Keeping her coat on, she walked over to the windows and blasted the room with cold air.

Throwing an extra blanket over him, she cleaned away the mess on the coffee table. Lana placed the plate in to soak as she grabbed a hot cloth and started wiping down the surface.

"Why did I know you'd clean my shit first?" he asked.

"If everything is dirty you won't get any better. Don't worry. I'll be scrubbing you down next," she said.

"Promises." He started coughing.

Lana worked cleaning the space he'd been camped in. She turned the television off. Once everything was cleaned and the air felt fresh, she closed the window and turned the heating up.

"Come on. Shower for you," she said, peeling the blankets away from him.

"You've always wanted me naked."

She chuckled as she helped him toward his bathroom.

Filling his tub with warm water, she blushed when he got na**d for her. His c**k was flaccid but long. Lana couldn't help but admire his form even though he was poorly.

"Will you stay here? I've got to clean your sheets and put some fresh sheets on your bed."

"I'm not going anywhere, baby. I'm staying right here."

Lana turned away from the scene and went to his bedroom. She kept her mind occupied with cleaning away his bedding.

"What are you doing in there? Cleaning every surface?" he asked.

Rolling her eyes, she finished stripping his bed and changing his sheets.

His c**k is huge!

Lana stumbled as her thoughts took on more illicit images.

Stop. Kent is all that matters now. Think of him and nothing else.

She found his washing machine and placed the sheets inside.

After gaining control of her emotions and her hormones she walked back into the bathroom. The bubbles covered his abdomen. She let out a sigh of relief and knelt down at the edge of the bath.

"I suddenly think it's a great idea being friends," Kent said.

Lana chuckled.

****

Even though he was sick Kent still saw her reaction to his body. Lana liked what she saw, and knowing it made him smile. He was supposed to be at work, but when he'd woken up this morning and could barely move, he knew there was no choice for him to stay at home. Lana was the only person he wanted around.

He'd not even phoned his parents.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"You're here, baby. Everything is going to be okay."

"So that's why you've befriended me. You need a nursemaid."

"Absolutely, what other uses do you have?" Kent asked, teasing her.

"I have to wonder that myself some days." She grabbed the soap and the sponge. He watched as she lathered the sponge. The conflict on her face made him curious.

"What's going on?"

"Nothing."

"Don't lie to me. I know you, Lana. You're hiding something." He frowned at her. She wouldn't meet his eyes.

"Nothing's the matter. I'm fine."

Staring at her, Kent let her soap his arm and chest. Her hands shook a little. He continued to stare at her face.

"Did the diner allow you to take time off?" he asked.

She nibbled her lip. "No."

"What's going on?"

"I lost my job at the diner when I went with you to your family's house for Christmas," she said.

The words blurted out of her mouth. Kent saw she hadn't meant for them to come out. Her cheeks were bright red.

"But you need that job."

"I know. However, I wanted to come away with you at Christmas. My boss said I either had to work or go. I left."

She shrugged, but he saw the hurt in her eyes.

"How bad is the damage?" he asked.

"What?"

"Lana, I know you only just get by. The bonus you were given wouldn't last forever. How are you getting your bills paid and the rent?"

She began nibbling her lip again.

"Just tell me."

"I've got to start looking for a new place to live. I can't afford my apartment. The bills have gone up, and so has the rent. I can't make ends meet on the one job. I wouldn't have been able to with both jobs."

Kent cursed at the unfairness of it all. He rubbed his temple. Lana loved her apartment. The pride she took in her space meant the world to her.

"I'm going to pay for your apartment," Kent said.

"What? No, you can't. I won't accept that."

"And I won't accept my woman on the streets or in some shitty apartment where you're not happy." He growled the words out. His head was thumping from his illness. Exhaustion swept over him.

"I'm not your woman, Kent."

"You're my friend. I take care of what's mine. I'll sort out the payments for your apartment. Don't argue with me, Lana." He lifted a hand to stop her. "We'll figure something out. Until then, stop arguing with me and just accept what I'm saying."

After some time she whispered a thank you.

"You're welcome."

He rested in the bath as she cleaned him. Kent took the sponge from her when she hesitated over the water. Staring into her eyes he washed his c**k and lower body. Even ill his c**k responded to the heat in her eyes. Lana was attracted to him. She didn't want to be attracted to him, but she was.

When he was bathed, she fetched him a towel. Kent stood, and Lana averted her eyes. She left him to get dried. Her hand came around the corner with some gym pants. They were loose, and he only wore them to work out in. He took them from her outstretched hand.

She tapped the bed for him to climb into.

"I'll call the cleaning agency and let them know I won't be in. Hopefully I won't get fired from there," she said.

"Don't worry about it. I'd check your cell phone. I already put a call into them before I phoned you."

"You were so sure I'd help you."

"Lana, you love me, baby. I knew you'd help me out."

He climbed into bed. Kent heard her gasp but didn't say anything. She watched over him. Kent felt her presence during the night. Her hand was constantly touching his forehead, checking his temperature and feeding him.

When the shivers got too much she phoned a doctor to come out and see him. Kent was conscious of everything happening. He stared at her seeing the concern in her eyes. Tonya's words from Christmas kept playing around his head. Did Lana love him like Tonya said?

He'd never been so sure as he was when she stared at him.

Kent woke up after the doctor paid him a visit to see Lana looking at a cookbook sat beside him. He tapped the bed. "Sleep with me," he said.

She looked from her book to the spot next to him. "The doctor said you should sleep."

"I'll sleep better with you beside me." He saw the indecision in her eyes. "Please." Begging was low of him, but he wanted to get his own way. He'd do anything to get his own way.

Lana pushed her shoes off and climbed in beside him. Kent wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his head against her hair. She smelt amazing. Within moments she relaxed, and he heard the sound of her even breathing.

He could gladly live the rest of his life with her lying beside him at night, in his arms.

Kissing her temple, Kent relaxed.

He closed his eyes enjoying the feel of her against him. There was nothing he wanted more than to keep her beside him all night. His illness had brought her to his bed, and now he needed to find a better reason to keep her there.

Chapter Sixteen

The next few days passed with Lana by Kent's side at all times. There was no time for her to go to her apartment. She kept Kent's apartment clean. When he slept, she cleaned or read from some of the books he kept. She cooked a large pot of soup and kept heating up a small ladle-full of the soup to feed him. The chicken soup was from a recipe she'd altered and made her own.

Kent seemed to enjoy it, and as he grew stronger when he ate more. She went from soup to casseroles.

After a week of caring for him the old Kent was back. One morning she woke to find him making coffee in the kitchen. Climbing out of his bed she went in search of him. He wore a bath towel around his waist, and his colour had returned to his cheeks.

"Morning," she said, gaining his attention.

He turned to her and smiled. "Morning, babe. Are you okay?" he asked.

"I'm good." She'd been taking medication as a precaution as his doctor advised. Fortunately, she hadn't caught his illness. "How are you feeling?"

"I'm much better." He walked over to her. His body looked so tempting in the lighting. His chest looked full and hard. Her gaze dropped to his chest where a droplet of water escaped. Her mouth watered, and she wanted to follow the droplet.

Lifting her gaze up, she saw him looking at her mouth. "I know how you feel," he said.

"What?"

Kent placed the cups on the counter. He stroked her cheek and tilted her head up to meet his gaze. "This last week has been amazing," he said.

Lana frowned. What the hell was going on? "You've been ill, Kent. What was amazing about that?"

He smiled. He leaned in close. His lips were so close that she felt his breath fan across her face.

"I got to feel what it was like with you in my arms in my bed. I wouldn't change having you there for the world."

Her breathing grew heavy. Heat seeped between her legs as her ni**les tightened from his words and his closeness. "What are you doing, Kent?"

"What I need to do for both of us, Lana. I know you feel it, too." His lips brushed against hers. They felt so good, and she whimpered. "Don't worry. Let it go. I'm here to catch you, baby. I'll always catch you."

She froze in his arms as his lips made love to hers. His tongue ran across the seam of hers.

"Let go," he said.

Her hands fisted at her side as she fought the conflicting emotions inside herself.

You can't do this.

It will spoil everything.

Lana lifted her hands with the intention of pushing him away. She wrapped her arms around his neck instead. There was no way for her to fight him. She'd been fighting her feelings for him since the first moment she saw him. Being in his arms was sheer bliss.

"Please," she said.

Kent slammed his lips down on hers. She groaned giving herself up to him. His arms banded around her lifting her up onto the counter. She held on as he opened her thighs. Wrapping her legs around his waist, Lana deepened the kiss.

"I've wanted this for so long."

"Me, too," she said.

He lifted her in his arms and carried her through to the bedroom. The sheets were mussed from the previous night of sleeping. Kent placed her on her feet.

"I need to see you naked," he said.

She lifted her arms as he played with the edge of her jumper. He pulled the jumper over her head. She wore a bra.

The last few days she'd been wearing her clothes and his. She'd been washing daily.

"You shouldn't wear a bra to bed."

Lana shrugged. She gasped as his fingers loosened the button on her jeans. Licking her lips, she gazed down to where his hands laid over her rounded stomach. She was much larger than all the women he'd dated. Was he regretting his decision to be with her?

His fingers teased under the edge of her jeans. Slowly, he peeled her jeans from her body.

He knelt in front of her to help her step out of the constricting denim. Kent stared up in her eyes. His gaze never left hers. The blue of his eyes held her captive. She didn't want to look away.

"You're so beautiful," he said.

Kent stood. His arms went around her back to remove her bra. Her br**sts fell free as soon as the support left her body. The towel he wore was still draped around his hips. His c**k tented the front, and she was reminded of his length.

"Do you like these panties?" he asked.

She shook her head.

"Good."

He tore them in two. She stood in front of him naked.

"I don't want anything between us." Kent went to the towel covering his body. Within seconds the towel was on the floor along with all of her other clothing.

She kept her gaze at his chest.

Their friendship would be forever changed. There was no way for them to go back after this.

"I've got you, remember?"

Lana looked up to see him waiting for her.

"Yes."

He reached out, cupping her cheek. "You've got no idea," he said.

She didn't ask for him to explain his words. Lana stared at him. His hands went to her arms, and he pulled her close. She gasped as her br**sts grazed his chest.

"So beautiful and perfect," he said.

Kent removed the band from her hair. She wasn't wearing any glasses.

"Hold me, Lana," he said.

Her arms were at her sides. Why wasn't she responding to him?

Stop being afraid, and hold him like you've been imagining.

She moved her hands up to his back and closed her eyes. They stood in the centre of his room holding each other. Her love for him stood out to her in that moment. Resting her head against his chest, Lana finally felt like she belonged to him.

****

Kent closed his eyes as the feel of her against him finally overwhelmed him. He'd been dreaming about this moment for some time. His c**k thickened at the feel of her alone. Her br**sts were beautiful and full. He ran his hands down her back feeling every curve and indentation of her body.

When her hands moved over him he nearly lost it. The impulse to press her to the bed and drive into her tight pu**y was too hard to resist. He sank his fingers into her hair and pressed kisses to her neck.

"You're so beautiful," he said, whispering the words against her skin.

She didn't say a word. Finally after a little time passed he pulled away. Kent took a step forward, making Lana take a step back.

He moved until she fell to the bed. Kent stood over her, looking down at her beautiful body. She made to cover herself.

Kent caught her hands. "Never cover yourself."

He knelt in front of her and opened her thighs. The scent of her essence filled the space between them.

Her arms moved away from her br**sts. He took the time to stare at her body. Her br**sts were large with rounded red ni**les that were tight with arousal.

"You're perfect." Kent cupped one breast in his palm.

She cried out, arching against him.

Moving his hand down from her br**sts over her rounded stomach, he pressed his open palm to her pu**y.

Lana was dripping wet with arousal.

"Tell me you want me," Kent said.

"I want you." Her cheeks were flushed. He didn't know if it was from embarrassment or arousal.

"Lie back."

She looked at him startled.

"Lie back, and trust me."

Slowly, she eased back. Kent lifted her legs to rest on his thighs. Her pu**y was covered with a light dusting of hair. The lips of her pu**y was spread open for him to gaze at her.

Her cl*t was swollen and wet. The entrance to her body looked tiny to him. Fisting his cock, Kent counted to ten to get himself back under control. He'd been without a woman because the only person he wanted was Lana.

"Relax, baby," he said.

"No one has ever looked at me there."

He stroked up her thighs. "That's their problem. You're mine now."

She shivered.

Running his hands up the inside of her thighs, he watched as she tensed under his hands. Kent waited until she calmed down before leaning in a bit closer. Using the tip of his finger, he teased her outer lips.

Lana gasped.

"I'm not going any further until you relax, Lana. You're going to enjoy this," Kent said.

"I've never enjoyed ... this." She pointed between her thighs.

"Oral?"

"Yes."

"Then the guys you were with weren't doing it right. Don't worry, baby. I'll do it right and have you screaming in no time."

After some time she finally relaxed under his touch. Kent waited a little longer and eased a finger through her pu**y. When she didn't tense, he eased a finger inside her pu**y as the other teased her clit.

She moaned. Her pu**y was tight around his finger. He held one finger inside her while his thumb stroked her nub.

"You're tight, baby."

"It has been a while," she said.

He'd bet money the last man she'd been with was Frank. That f**ker didn't look like the sort to take care of his woman's needs. Kent made himself a promise to never allow her to leave his bed unless she'd reached cl**ax at least twice. His new mission in life was to see pleasure on her face.

She started to thrust on his finger. He began to pump his finger inside her dripping wet cunt.

Adding a second finger, he worked her clit. Her pu**y contracted around his finger with each stroke. Removing his fingers, Kent licked her glorious cream off his digits.

"Um, you taste so damn good, Lana."

Lana lifted on her elbows. Kent leaned forward, his gaze on her as he pressed his tongue inside her body.

When he'd gotten enough of her cream, he glided his tongue up to swirl around her cl*t and then went back down to her cunt.

He kept the movement, drawing out her pleasure as he went.

Kent stroked her thighs while he used his tongue between her thighs.

She gasped, moaned and cried out under his attention. The sounds she made went straight to his cock. Her noises were filled with her startled pleasure.

"More," she said, begging.

Spreading her thighs wider, he moved his hands to pump two fingers into her cunt, and he licked her clit. With his other hand, he stroked her br**sts.

She moved against him. Her pelvis moved onto his face.

Kent pulled away. She growled in frustration.

"Grab my hair and show me how much you want it."

Lana looked at him dazed. He went back to licking her clit. Kent made sure to keep the pressure light so she'd have no choice but to hold onto him in some way.

Her fingers sank into his hair. She tightened her grip and ground her pu**y onto his face.

"That's right. Give me your pu**y. Make me lick you clean."

Her ass lifted off the bed. He grabbed her ass and pushed her against his face. Kent was drowning in her scent and loving every second of it. Her cream was the tastiest thing he'd ever eaten.

"I'm going to come," she said, screaming out the last word.

He grinned against her cunt. "That's right, baby. Come all over my face."

Pressing fingers into her pu**y, Kent rode her body bringing her to the pinnacle. He catapulted her over the edge.

Kent watched her body come apart under his skilled fingers. Her orgasm was a beauty to witness.

Chapter Seventeen

Lana cried out as pleasure washed over her in a giant wave. She'd never experienced anything like it. The intensity of the pleasure startled her. Her fists tightened in the bed sheets as Kent brought her to cl**ax with his tongue and hands. The grip he had on her ass would leave bruises, but she didn't care.

When her release fell away she lay on his bed staring at the ceiling, panting for breath.

Kent kissed her pu**y before climbing up the bed.

"You taste amazing," he said. She blushed as he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. His face was glistening from her release.

She groaned and covered her face.

"What's the matter?" he asked, pushing her hands away.

"How embarrassing," she said.

"What is?"

"Your face is covered in..." She couldn't even say the word.

Kent laughed. He licked his lips and bent down to kiss her. "There's nothing to be embarrassed about. You've got a sexy pu**y, and I loved licking it. I intend to spend a lot of time down there. You better get used to it."

She stared up at him and saw the seriousness on his face. Kent intended to give her o**l s*x often. Did this mean their encounter was going to last longer than one night?

His finger tips ran down the length of her body. Her gaze never left his face as he touched her.

"You've got such a beautiful body."

Lana felt her blush deepen. Her cheeks must be on fire with how hot they felt.

"You're not used to compliments, are you?" he asked.

She shook her head. Words abandoned her at that moment.

"Get used to them. I'm going to be complimenting you more often."

He leaned down and took her lips under his. Kent pulled her up the bed along with him until they lay with their heads on the pillows.

For the longest time, he kissed her lips and stroked her body. Lana knew he must be needing release. The hot length of his c**k lay against her thigh. The long shaft made her nervous. None of her previous boyfriends had ever been so long.

When he moved over her, she opened her legs and tensed waiting.

"What did I tell you about not relaxing?" he asked.

She stared up at him. Her mind went blank.

"I'm not doing anything until you relax enough for me. This is about pleasure, Lana. I'm not going to hurt you."

Lana kept her arms by her sides as he touched and stroked her.

After some time, Kent let out a sigh, picked up her hand and pressed her palm against his chest. She stared at her hand and couldn't help noticing her fat, pudgy fingers against the hard, muscular chest her hand was pressed against.

"Touch me," he said.

Kent seemed desperate for her to put her hands on his body. She didn't understand why. Lana ran her hands all over his body relishing the sounds he made.

He grabbed her hand and wrapped her fingers around the thick length of his shaft.

They were really doing this. They were going to have sex.

She stared up into his gaze to see him watching her.

"Feel what you do to me," he said.

Lana pumped the shaft in her fist. Moving her gaze down, she watched as the tip leaked copious amounts of pr**cum. She'd never seen a c**k release so much liquid.

"That's it, baby."

After several more minutes of working him with her hand, Kent pushed her hand away.

"I'm going to take you now," he said.

She opened her thighs wider.

"Watch me."

Dropping her gaze to his cock, she watched as he ran the tip through her slit. She gasped as he caressed over her clit.

She was unable to contain the sound of her moan.

Kent ran the tip down to her entrance. The head of him slid inside. She tensed as the tip of him stretched her opening. From the tip of his c**k alone, Kent was already bigger than any man she'd ever known.

"Fuck, you're squeezing me," he said.

Lana closed her eyes and quickly opened them as Kent started to pump the tip of his c**k inside her. He worked the head going inch by glorious inch until he was more than halfway inside.

"Almost there, baby," he said. "Look at me."

Lifting her gaze to his, she stared into intense blue depths as he plunged the last way inside her. Kent was seated to the top with nowhere else for him to go.

"No condom," she said, gasping.

"I don't want there to be anything between us, Lana. You're mine." He stroked her cheek. Her head pounded as his words registered in her mind.

What did it all mean? Was he meaning for life or for this moment? How long was she to be his woman?

She shoved the negative thoughts aside and concentrated on the man above and inside her.

"I'm clean," he said.

"So am I."

He dropped his lips claiming her mouth as expertly as he was claiming her pu**y. Kent encouraged her to open her mouth and accept his invasion.

His tongue caressed over her lips and plunged inside to stroke her own.

She moaned as his c**k jerked inside her pu**y.

Hands dropped down to her hips. Kent pulled all the way out of her and then plunged inside her over and over again.

The grip on her h*ps tightened as he rode her body hard.

"I'm not going to last," he said.

Lana gripped his arms as he went to his knees changing the angle. Her ass rested on his thighs, and his c**k was still deep inside her body.

"So f**king tight and sweet," he said.

She cried out as her cl**ax started to build. The tightening began in her stomach and started to spread out over her body. Her ni**les tingled from the pleasure.

In three hard thrusts, Lana had her release as Kent cried out. His c**k jerked inside her as his seed filled her womb.

****

Collapsing on the bed, Kent pulled Lana against him. Her wonderful soft body moulded to his like it was always supposed to. Their bodies were dotted with perspiration. She curled up against his side without saying a word.

"Our relationship has changed now, you know that right?" he asked.

She tensed beside him. "Please, don't spoil it," she said.

He gripped her chin and forced her to look at him. "I'm not spoiling anything, Lana. You're my woman, and your place is by my side. You are mine."

"You keep saying those words, Kent, and none of them make sense to me. Why am I yours? What is going to change?" She tried to pull away from him, but Kent stopped her.

Pulling her on top of him, Kent seated her over his cock, which was still inside her. His fingers sank into her hair. The length fanned out around her. Her br**sts hung in front of her, and the red tips of her ni**les tempted him to suck.

"Everything is going to change. For one, you'll be moving in here. I won't take no for an answer. You're going to make this place your home, and we're going to have pictures of our life together." When she made to argue, he pressed his lips against hers, silencing her. "We're going to tell my family about our relationship."

"What relationship?" she asked. He silenced her again with a kiss.

"We're in a relationship. You're my girlfriend." She rolled her eyes, and he slapped her ass. "I don't care if the world knows about us. You'll still keep your cleaning job because I know how important your work is. No more jobs other than cleaning. I'll be at the office every night to make sure you're working. I like my office clean and tidy."

"This is not going to work. You're a billionaire womaniser, and I'm a cleaner."

He rolled over and thrust inside her. His semi-hard c**k was once again hard to claim her. Pulling out of her body, he slammed back inside.

She gasped. Her nails sank into the flesh of his back.

"That's right, baby. I'm the one in charge, and just for your information I was a womaniser. Past tense. It's not going to happen again. You being a cleaner, I don't give a f**k. The world needs cleaners, and the world needs billionaires. I want you, Lana. You can't tell me you don't want me."

Kent slammed inside her, gripping her thigh over his hip as he deepened the penetration.

She cried out.

"Tell me, Lana. Tell me you don't want me, and I'll stop. I know you have feelings for me, baby. Are you woman enough to admit them?" he asked.

Biting her lip she stared up at him refusing to speak. Kent paused inside her waiting for an answer.

"You won't be f**ked until you tell me the truth."

"You're the devil."

"And you're my servant," Kent said.

She growled at him, slapping his arm. "Yes, I care about you. I care way too much."

Tonya's words echoed through his mind. He'd wait for Lana to admit her love for him.

He spent the day making love to her. Lana's body was his to love, and he showed every inch of her body his attention. She opened up underneath him like a flower, accepting everything he gave her. Only when their stomachs growled in protest did he let her leave his bed, and only then did he let her wear one of his shirts with no underwear. She padded into the kitchen in nothing but a work shirt.

"You look sexy in my clothes," he said.

"The boob area is a little tight."

"I haven't got your tits, baby. Believe me, I have no problems with your assets in my shirt." She slapped his arm.

"That's a sexist thing to say."

Kent cupped her br**sts in his palms and ran his thumb over the tips of her ni**les. They were so full and perfect. He was addicted to the feel of them in his hands.

"No, I'm speaking the truth."

He lifted her onto a chair and then moved toward the counter. Picking up the cold coffee they hadn't drunk, he tipped the contents down the sink and started on making another.

"Aren't you worried about what the press will think?"

"Why would I care what the press think?"

"You're a billionaire, Kent. Your reputation has been related to supermodels, actresses, and whatnot. I can't compete with them."

He moved to her. Stroking her cheek, Kent felt an answering pulse in his groin. "They were for fun and sex. This is way more than you think, Lana. I'm not giving you up. You're real. They're not."

Going to the fridge he selected several leftovers for their meal.

"You're turning your back on being in the limelight, aren't you?" she asked.

Kent mixed together the remains of the salad to go with some chicken. "Being with my family over Christmas and seeing how my siblings are with their kids have reminded me of everything I gave up. I love my work, but it's not the be all and end all of me."

He handed her a plate of food and took a place next to her. While he ate, Kent caressed her thigh.

"We'll move your stuff into my place. I'm not kidding, Lana. We're doing this. You're staying with me, and I won't have any arguments about this."

She pushed the hair off her face. "This is insane. We've gone from friends to lovers."

"This is where our relationship has been heading. You should know that, baby. I've wanted you for a long time."

"So I was a woman you wanted to f**k."

"What?" he asked.

"You said you didn't befriend women. The only women in your life were for f**king. I've become one of those women."

Lana stood and moved around to dump her meal in the trash bin.

Kent followed her. He grabbed her around the waist and pressed her against the fridge.

"You're not one of those women. You never were." He lifted her in his arms and proceeded to show her how much more she was.

Chapter Eighteen

One month later

After Kent f**ked her against the fridge that day in his apartment, Lana's life dramatically changed. Kent didn't accept no for an answer at all. When she returned to her apartment she found Seth, Eric, and his father and Penny waiting to help move her stuff into Kent's place. Penny embraced her like a daughter.

"You're part of the family now," Penny said. The words had filled her eyes with tears. Lana had never been part of a real family in the way the Andersons were.

They spent the entire day moving her stuff to the cars where they drove to Kent's place and unloaded. All of her stuff actually fit into four cars.

When she unloaded her possession next to Kent's she'd been shocked by how little she owned. In her small apartment she'd felt success on a large scale at what she owned. The truth was pitiful. She'd gained more than her old life allowed but less than Kent.

Kent's a billionaire. You can't compare to him.

She kept to her cleaning job at night. Kent tried to distract her from cleaning. She refused to bite. He'd given her a credit card, which she refused to use. Cleaning was something she loved doing, and Kent wasn't going to take that away from her. Lana figured if she worked elsewhere instead of inside his building, he would have encouraged her to quit. There was no way she'd rely on Kent. His money had nothing to do with why she loved him. Nor did his body have anything to do with her feelings. She loved his body, but it wasn't everything about him.

Kent's mind was what appealed to her. She loved the man he was when no one else was around. His never ending teasing and humour reeled her in like a fish on a hook every time. When his arms surrounded her she really thought she could fight the world.

There was only one problem ... her past. She still hadn't told him about the demons that plagued her. Frank had backed down from trying to blackmail her. She found out from Mitch that he'd been prosecuted by the police after he assaulted an ex-partner. Lana shivered whenever she thought about her ex. The danger he once posed her was now gone, but her past was there.

Sometimes in the middle of night she'd wake up in a cold sweat expecting her mother to come knocking on the door. The fear was so acute it made her feel sick.

Kent would find her looking over the city. His hands would rub her arms, and they'd go back to bed where for a few hours the fear would disappear. Each day, the fear kept intensifying.

He had a right to know about her past. The guilt she felt at not speaking grew every day.

She changed for work and made her way to the Anderson Corporation building. Mitch drove her each night she worked.

"You look a little glum today, Lana. Are you all right?" Mitch asked.

"I'm thinking."

"Sometimes it's good to ease the soul with thoughts that leave a sad face," he said.

Lana smiled at him but didn't say another word. She typed in her security PIN at the building. After grabbing her cleaning equipment she made her way up the stairs to Kent's floor. She saw the light on in his office.

He'd been working overtime the last few days on some kind of overseas deal. She listened to everything he said about work even though she didn't understand all the terms.

She started working on cleaning the office. Their story had done the rounds in the newspaper, but when another playboy got an heiress pregnant her story had soon died down. No one was interested in a cleaner, especially when Kent threatened them if they printed anything bad about her.

His hands wrapped around her waist as she was leaning over a desk.

"I've been waiting for you to get here," Kent said.

She lifted up, and his hands cupped her br**sts. Lana moaned as pleasure shot up her spine. She couldn't keep her hands off him, and he'd kept to his promise. Not a day went by when he'd brought her to cl**ax at least twice.

"We're in your office, Kent," she said.

"I don't give a f**k. Everyone has gone home. I need you right now." Kent lifted her onto the desk, pushed her uniform up her thighs to expose her pu**y. He tore her panties from her body.

She watched as he pulled his hard c**k out of his pants. In the next instant he was inside her. She gasped as the width of him startled her.

"Fucking, yes," he said.

He devoured her mouth as he rode her body. Lana had no choice but to hold on as he took her on one of his employee's desks.

"I'm not going to last. Play with yourself. I want to feel your cunt grip me," he said.

She licked her fingers and pressed them to her clit.

"That's it. Finger your sweet pu**y."

Kent licked her lips as he rode her hard. "Fuck!"

He f**ked her hard, and she played with her cl*t bringing herself to orgasm as Kent finished inside her body.

She didn't want to think about the consequences of their unprotected sex. Lana hadn't told him she'd missed two monthly cycles. The consequences scared her. She'd never used the pill because of how it affected her moods.

"Thank you. I'm addicted to you, Lana," he said.

"I'm addicted to you as well." She spoke the truth. Neither of them said the L-word. Lana was afraid in case he pushed her away. From an early age she'd learned how people used you once you gave them a part of yourself.

She wouldn't let that happen even though it was getting harder every day to deny him.

****

Lana's cunt pulsed around his cock. Kent didn't want to leave her body. She felt so amazing to him. He held her close and wished they were home in his apartment where he could remove all of her clothing.

"We're going to John's house this weekend. He's putting on a barbeque, and a few of my friends will be there," he said.

"I'm going?" she asked.

He hated this part of Lana. She always asked permission, as if she was his dirty little secret. Kent loved her. Why didn't she see how he felt? His family and his friends knew he was in love with her. Why couldn't she see what everyone else could?

"Of course you're coming. Lana, you're my woman. Your place is by my side."

She smiled. "I need to finish work."

"I think this is going to be messy," he said.

"It's good for you you've got a cleaner who knows how to clean this mess up." He chuckled.

When they were apart he helped her clean the mess they'd created. Kent pushed all of his thoughts aside. He wanted her badly.

"I'll help you clean," he said.

She laughed, and together they cleaned up the building. He watched as she moved around the room. His gaze never left hers.

I love her. She's part of my soul.

He'd phoned his mother about a ring. Kent wanted to make Lana his wife. He loved her and intended to spend the rest of his life with her.

The party at John's place was also where he intended to propose to her. His family were due to be present. He'd planned the whole event. The last few days he'd been arranging places that would be perfect for him to propose. He'd cancelled three restaurants as proposing in those places had been done numerous times.

Lana didn't need expensive places. She needed to be comfortable and in a place she could trust. He understood that about her more than she realised.

When they'd finished cleaning his floor, Kent waited for her in the car. She came out of the building, smiled at the security guard, and then made her way to him.

Something was off about her. He'd noticed she was off her food, and when she woke up in the mornings she'd run to the bathroom a few times to vomit.

Was she pregnant?

He couldn't be sure, and he didn't want to pressure her. They hadn't talked about kids, and he didn't know her thoughts on kids. He knew she liked kids from the way she was with his nieces and nephews.

What were her thoughts on them having kids?

"You're quiet tonight," she said.

"Thinking about the weekend. John's parties are always full of surprises. He'll probably get the photograph album out for you to have a little laugh over." He chuckled.

She laughed along with him. "He's a teaser?" she asked.

"Not really. He takes life pretty seriously," he said, thinking about John.

Lana grew quiet. They'd argued about photographs before. Kent didn't want to bring up any bad memories for her.

"Your friend sounds amazing," she said.

"He is."

They drove the rest of the way in silence. On the way up to their floor Kent kept thinking about her morning sickness. When they got into the apartment Lana went straight for the sofa. She collapsed on it moaning.

"I'm so tired."

"Do you want anything to eat?" Kent asked, looking around their space. Their space was cleaner than he remembered it. A chocolate fudge cake was on a cake stand underneath a lid on the counter in the kitchen. She baked a lot, and the staff inside the block loved what she produced. The shelves and counters in the kitchen were filled with her books. He'd also noted some of her ornaments on the counters around the phone.

He'd taken a couple of pictures of her over the weeks and gotten them framed. One was on his office desk at work.

"No, I'm not hungry," she said, grumbling.

Kent helped her into bed and then walked through to the sitting room. He picked up his cell phone, checked the time, and tried his mother.

Penny answered on the third ring. His mother was known for her late nights and early mornings.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"I was wondering if you'd bring a pregnancy test on Saturday."

His mother squealed. "Oh my God! Derek, wake up. Lana's pregnant."

He waited for her to calm down before talking. "I don't know if she is. I'm going to propose to her on Saturday, and then we're going to do the test. I don't want you to rush ahead," he said.

Kent grew exasperated as Penny kept talking about grandbabies and preparing for the future. He rubbed his eyes.

"Please, don't tell the others. Something is bugging her, and I don't want to rush ahead until I know what's wrong."

At his words, Penny calmed down. He talked to her about everything that happened with Lana.

"I'm sure it's nothing, son. She's hormonal, and if she's pregnant she'd probably a little frightened. You've got to give her time."

He agreed. After some time passed, he hung up the phone and went into his room. Lana wore a sheer negligee, and one of her legs was wrapped around the blankets. She looked exhausted even in sleep.

Stripping down to nothing, Kent climbed in beside her. He placed a hand on her stomach and wondered if his child was growing inside her.

Lana was everything to him: his woman, his lover, and the other half of his soul.

"I love you," he said, cradling her close to his heart.

Chapter Nineteen

Lana stared at all the photos of John's family. There were several pictures of Kent with John when they were younger. She held a glass of water in her hand and her purse in the other as she looked at him. The party was a barbeque, and the scents were turning her stomach. Lana didn't know how she was going to get over the next few hours. The thought of eating made her feel sick. The only food she could stomach was the dry crackers she kept in her purse. Every now and again she took one out of her purse to eat when no one was looking.

Kent's family had turned up. The instant Penny saw her, the older woman wrapped her arms around Lana. Staring at the photos sent uneasy thoughts tumbling through her mind. She'd taken a pregnancy test yesterday when Kent had been at work. The stick she'd taken read positive. The test she'd taken was wrapped in a plastic bag, and she'd placed it in her bag. She needed to tell him, but her past felt like a barrier between them and happiness.

"There you are. I was wondering where you'd escaped to," Kent said. His arms wrapped around her waist. "You can't leave me at these events."

She smiled. "I was looking at some of the pictures."

He chuckled, and they walked over to them. "John loved to take photos even back then. He always had a camera. Didn't you ever have a friend like that?" he asked.

Lana froze. Again, a question about her past. What should she do? Answer the question, or ignore it?

Kent let out a sigh. "Here we go again," he said.

She turned on him. "What's that supposed to mean?" Putting her glass of water down she faced the man she loved. Would he want her when he knew where she came from and the lifestyle she used to live?

The patio doors leading out to the garden was open. The room they were in offered some kind of privacy for them.

"You're cutting me off. I ask something of your past, and you keep it hidden. I asked a question about you, Lana. Other women would want me to take an interest in their life."

"Oh, that's right because you're such a f**king gift from God."

What was wrong with her? Her emotions were all over the place.

"No, that's not it, and you know it. I want to know everything about you because I'm in f**king love with you," Kent said.

She opened her mouth to argue and froze. "What?"

"You heard me," he said. He grabbed a box from his pocket. "I organized all of this. I wanted to propose to you today."

What had happened?

"You keep your life so wrapped up in yourself that you won't let anyone inside," Kent said. His voice rose, and she gazed out the door to see the crowd of people getting closer. Lana clutched her purse tighter against her stomach. Her stomach that would soon be fuller with his child.

What are you doing? You're in love with him. I can't do this on my own.

Lana closed her eyes as tears fell down her cheeks. Her past was a nightmare, but she couldn't run from it anymore. Kent had invaded her life and her heart, and she couldn't live without him. He was part of her life.

Licking her lips she looked at him.

"I lived in a trailer." She blurted the words out before she gave herself chance to walk away without looking back. "I didn't have a home like you or anyone else. I lived in a trailer in a bad area of town. I didn't know who my father was. He could have been a guy in town or a passer through. My mom didn't care who they were as long as they paid for services rendered." She clutched her purse tighter as her stomach churned. "My Christmases were spent with a chair wedged against the door so her men didn't come to my room. When it was summer I used to take a blanket and sleep on a ratty sofa next to a stream."

Kent stood facing her.

"I had no brothers or sisters. I was an only child with a mother who drank a lot. She didn't do anything but whore her body out. I was bullied in school by my peers, but more often than not I saw them when I woke up in the morning. They were happy to ridicule me, but they still slept with her." Tears were falling down her cheeks. "I graduated school, but I didn't have great grades. I could work hard at waiting tables and cleaning. I hate mess because it reminds me of her and the past I left behind. The stench of sex, alcohol, and despair filled the trailer."

She took a deep breath. "There are no pictures of me because my mom never owned a camera. I don't know what I looked like as a baby or toddler. All I remember is the stench of alcohol from my old life. I don't talk about my past because it's miserable, and who wants to remember something like that? I don't."

Lana moved closer even as tears fell down her cheeks. "That is the past I've tried to keep from you. The woman you think you love didn't start her life like this. My small apartment meant so much to me because it wasn't a trailer. What I've told you is what I told Frank. When he dumped me he told me the only reason he stayed was because I made him feel guilty. I don't want you to stay with me because you feel guilty."

She dropped her gaze to her purse. The pregnancy test was inside her purse waiting for her to show him.

Lifting her head she stared at him. "I'm in love with you, Kent. I'm not after your money or anything else. I love you, the man. I don't want you to stay with me because you feel guilty."

For the longest time she waited for him to respond. Nothing happened, and she felt her whole world crumble.

****

Kent stared at her bowed head. His family had heard every word she spoke. He saw them beyond the door with tears in their eyes. They were supposed to jump in with congratulations. He'd not intended to start an argument with her that made her talk with him.

The past she spoke of made him feel sick. He'd figured a horrid parent or something was in her past. He never expected something so stressful.

Her past didn't affect his decision. Kent loved Lana the woman, not her past. He reached out, cupping her cheek. "Do you really think I give a shit about that life? I know it's not who you are. I love you, Lana." Sinking his fingers into her hair, he pulled her close. Her soft warmth pressed against his body.

Closing his eyes he absorbed the pleasure of her next to him.

She loved him. He smiled as all of her words penetrated his mind. Kent opened his eyes and tilted her head back to look at him.

"Frank's an ass**le. I don't care what happened to you. However, it does explain your tendency to clean everything and that day your shoe was dirty. You're an obsessed cleaner. I can live with that, but I think you should relax around the baby. Our son or daughter won't like your obsessive cleaning."

She gasped. "How did you know?" she asked.

"Know what?"

Lana opened her purse and pulled out a plastic bag. She handed him the bag. He went to open the bag.

"Don't open it. It's got urine on. You can read the result on the front," she said.

He turned the bag over and saw the test with two blue lines. "This is a pregnancy test?" he asked.

"Yes. It's positive."

Throwing the test down on the floor, he picked Lana up in his arms and swung her around. His family charged in the room cheering. Lana rested her head against his chest, and her cheeks were flushed.

"Do it," his mother said, whispering. He laughed but got down on one knee before Lana.

The box he'd shown her was still in his pocket.

"Lana Hawkins, you crazy cleaner, will you do me the honour of becoming my wife? This is not because of the baby. This is because I love you and I can't imagine living the rest of my life without you. You mean everything to me."

Tears fell down her cheeks as she looked at him. "You still want to marry me?" she asked.

"Why wouldn't I want to marry you?"

She nibbled her lip. "After what I told you, aren't you angry with me?"

Kent got to his feet. He cupped her cheeks and claimed her lips under his. "What you've just told me has made me want you more than ever before. You're a brave woman, Lana. What you told me about your past has only made me want you more. I love you so much." He kept kissing her lips in between each word he spoke.

"I love you, too," she said.

"Be my wife and I'll show you what true love really is."

She stared at the ring in the box then nodded. "Yes, I love you."

He pulled the ring out of the box and slid it on her finger as his family cheered. John stood with Samantha in his arms. A few of his other friends raised a beer toward him.

Kent took Lana in his arms outside and danced with her. For the rest of the day he refused to let her leave his side. As the day passed he took her for a walk down the street for them to have some alone time.

"You're not embarrassed about my past?" she asked when they were far enough away.

"I admire you, Lana. What you've told me mustn't have been easy to overcome."

"It wasn't."

He took her hand and led her down toward a tree. Pressing her against the tree he stroked her face. "What was the hardest?" he asked.

"Of living like I did?"

Kent nodded. He needed to show to her he could handle the truth.

"The worst part was waking up in the morning and seeing one of the guys from my year. I would be getting ready for school, and they'd be pulling up their pants. I'd pretend not to see them, and all day I'd see them smirking in my direction. I felt dirty. Their looks made me think I'd slept with them or something. My mom never cared about what happened."

Kent saw it was still hard for her to talk about. "I want you to know you can talk to me about anything. Your past is part of who you are. I don't want you to be embarrassed about it."

She nodded. "I know, but I don't want to remember any of it. The Christmas I spent with you made me realise how messed up my past was. My Christmas was spent doing catch up on school work. I was always behind because of her rages and the men she brought home."

Lana shook her head. Kent wrapped his arms around her. "Nothing like that is going to happen. You'll always have me."

"How did this happen?" She pointed between them.

"Because you were in love with me from the first moment you saw me," he said.

She laughed, and so did he.

"Also, I couldn't get you out of my mind. At first I wanted to f**k you, and then I wanted to get to know you. I slowly fell in with you."

"You're a charmer."

"I'm your charmer, Lana."

Kent turned her so her back was against the tree. She gasped as he covered her mouth with his own. Pressing his free hand to her stomach he caressed her. "My woman. My child. I'm never letting you get away from me," he said.

"I look forward to you keeping me in one place."

Epilogue

Five years later

"Tommy Anderson, you get your little butt back up here and clean these toys," Lana said, shouting to where her son stood with his father in the backyard. She walked down the steps of their five bedroom house as her son walked inside the house.

"Sorry, Mom," he said.

She dropped down to her knees and opened her arms. He went to her without hesitation. Lana inhaled his sweet scent. She adored her son, and she looked forward to their second child arriving in a matter of months. Rubbing her stomach she let Tommy go to his room. Lana tried to get to her feet and struggled to lift herself from the floor.

"Does my love need help?" Kent asked.

Smiling up at her husband, Lana let out a sigh. He was turning fifty in a matter of days, and he looked as handsome now as he did the first day she met him. "I can't get up."

"Baby, you're seven months pregnant." He took her hand helping her up. Kent's hands moved to her swollen stomach. "How is my girl?" he asked.

"It could be a boy," Lana said. Her back ached, and she rubbed the spot giving her most trouble. Tommy had been an easy pregnancy, but Kent didn't want to bombard their house with kids. He wanted to take the time to enjoy every one of them. Lana couldn't argue. There were times Tommy was a handful. Also, Kent encouraged her to spend the last five years working on her cookbook. She'd been trying and testing recipes on all of their family.

Last week she'd scent off the final manuscript to several publishers to see if anyone wanted to pick it up. Kent's help and support finally gave her a place. When they'd first gotten married they'd struggled to accommodate each other. Their friendship had deepened, but living together married seemed to make things stressful, especially with her pregnant. Over the months their difficulty changed, and now she couldn't imagine life without him. Kent was her rock, her best friend, and her soul mate.

He stroked her back. "She's causing trouble again."

Kent was convinced the child she was carrying was a girl.

"She's making her presence known." He helped her into the garden and then went to assist his son.

Lana sat down on the chair staring up at the sky. The calming blue sky was glorious to look at. Her peace was interrupted by Tommy's shout. She laughed as he ran past her and jumped on the trampoline they'd installed in the back garden.

During her first pregnancy Kent had gone house hunting and found this place down the street from where his parents and siblings lived. He wanted to make sure she was never alone he'd told her.

When she couldn't work as his cleaner, Kent cut back his hours to spend more time with her. Letting out a sigh she watched her son play as her husband joined her. He wrapped his arm around her.

"I love you," he said.

The last five years had been amazing with him by her side. Kent placed a hand on her stomach and gasped as their baby kicked her stomach.

"She's a feisty little thing," he said.

In no time at all Penny and the rest of their family walked into their backyard. Penny sent Kent into the kitchen to finish drinks. Her mother-in-law rubbed her stomach. Heat filled Lana's cheeks at the attention. Her swollen stomach made her uncomfortable. The only clothes that fitted her frame reminded her of tents. She missed Kent's attention in the bedroom, but her pregnancy made her uncomfortable in the bedroom department.

He walked back outside and handed out drinks.

She took her drink and smiled at Kent as he winked at her. He always made it hard to resist him.

Tommy soaked up the attention from his grandparents, aunties, and uncles.

When night finally fell Penny took Tommy home with her leaving Kent and Lana alone.

Walking downstairs after a long bath she found Kent sat in the centre of the living room with a letter in his hand.

"What's going on?" she asked, moving into the room.

She wore a pair of shorts and one of Kent's larger shirts. Her stomach peeked out of the bottom, which drove her crazy. There was nothing she could do to stop her large stomach.

Kent patted the floor. He'd arranged several cushions around the floor.

Lana nibbled her lip. Getting up and down was troublesome to her.

"I'll help you with everything, Lana," he said.

Sitting down, Lana stared at him. "What's the matter?" she asked, rubbing her stomach.

"This came in the post a couple of days ago." He handed her a letter. "Lana Hawkins" was on the envelope. Opening the letter she recognised the hand writing.

"This is from my mother." She read through the letter. It was full of apologies and regrets. "I don't understand. Why send me a letter?" she asked, looking at Kent.

"I didn't want to show you this until after the baby arrived, but I think you have a right to know. Your mother died over three months ago. That letter was in possession of a nurse who'd been caring for her. She died of alcohol poisoning."

Lana covered her stomach. The knowledge of her mother's death didn't hurt her. Staring down at the words she re-read the letter.

Dear Lana,

I don't know where you are or what's happened to you. Until this moment I didn't really care, but dying has made me review my life. I didn't give you the best start in life, and that I regret. I spent so much time drinking that I really didn't care about the child I'd given birth to.

Your father, if he was looking down, would be ashamed of me. Your father was in the army. He was a soldier, and he died before you were born in active service. I said I didn't know who your father was because it hurt too f**king much. It still hurts now. Being sober wasn't the answer as that hurt. Everything hurt accept drinking. Drinking and being in the arms of another man could make me forget everything I lost.

Nothing I write in this letter is going to change what happened. When I found out I was pregnant I was so happy because when your father got home, we'd be a family. He never came home even though he used to write all the time.

This is hurting me to write. Lana, I did love you, but life was easier for me to not be part of it. If you've ever been in love you'll understand, and if you haven't you won't. I'm not asking for forgiveness. I just wanted you to know that I'm sorry for all the pain I caused.

Mom

****

Kent watched as she read it. There was no emotion on her face, nothing. "Are you okay?" he asked.

He'd read the letter before giving it to her because it hadn't been sent to the post woman. A nurse had delivered it to his office with a warning that it might not be a nice letter.

"Yeah, this apology sounds like her. I can't believe she's dead."

Pulling out the picture in his pocket, Kent handed it to her. "This fell out of the letter. It's a baby picture of you."

The tears did fall then. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight as all the emotion ran out of her. Kent closed his eyes as he forced his c**k to relax. Being without her every day was sending his libido all over the place.

They'd been together five years, but that time hadn't stopped his attraction for her.

"I've got nothing to say about it, Kent. She did have a picture of me as a baby. I get it, but I can't do anything about this letter," she said.

"No, you can't do anything about the letter, but you can know she didn't act the way she did because she wanted to. Your mother was heartbroken and lost. I know that doesn't excuse her behaviour, but at least it will give you closure on the matter."

Lana wiped her tears. "You're right. It really does."

Once she settled down, Kent handed her another letter. A letter he hadn't opened.

"What's this? I'm almost scared to open it."

Kent was nervous for her. He'd gotten the call himself from the publisher asking if it was okay to approach his wife with a deal. From the minute he got the call on the acceptance he wanted to call Lana. This was her moment to realise she'd succeeded. No one else had a right to ruin it.

She opened the letter and then squealed. "They want my book," she said.

Lana threw her arms around him. The love he felt for her multiplied. All he ever wanted for her was to get her dream. Watching her work on the book had made him nervous and happy for her. Her passion for cooking was infectious.

Wrapping his arms around his wife, Kent was once again thankful for Lana entering his life as a cleaner. The billionaire and the cleaner, no one had expected them to have a happy ever after but they did. Kent looked forward to the many years he was going to spend with the woman he loved, his best friend, his soul mate, and his cleaner.

The End

