Chapter One - The Dream

Okay, this is weird, everything seems too perfect. I was walking home through the park and something was different but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. The air was fresher than I had ever remembered, the grass was a beautiful bright green, the flowers were more vibrant and beautiful than the prettiest picture I had ever seen, and as I looked at the people around me everyone seemed to be happy and had a smile on their face. Could this day be any more perfect? I felt really happy as I walked toward my building and I couldn't quite tell why I was in such a good mood, but I felt a huge sense of peace and happiness all around me.

A couple was walking toward me and from a distance they looked so happy together. He had his arm draped over her shoulder and her head was lying on his shoulder, her arm around him. That's so sweet, I can't wait to have that with someone. I had a smile on my face as they got closer and it slowly turned to a frown when I saw her battered face and the look of fear in her eyes. He had a strong hold on her and a sinister look on his face. I could tell that she needed help but when I started to say something they disappeared into the trees. Okay, that was weird, what is going on?

As I turned into the vestibule of my building, I reached into my purse for my keys and I felt strong arms grab me as a large hand covered my mouth, snapping me out of my reverie. I tried to scream but my voice was gone.

"I told you I would see you again." The voice in my ear was deep and familiar as chills of fear enveloped me, and I realized that he had finally found me.

My eyes flew open as I sat up straight in my bed, sweat pouring out of me, my heart banging against my chest cavity. I was completely disoriented for a minute as I looked around my room panting, trying to catch my breath. It took a few seconds for me to realize that I'd had the dream again but I was safe in my apartment. In that moment I wished so badly that my best friend Chloe and I were still roommates, but she had moved in with her boyfriend the month before and I still wasn't totally used to her being gone. I've got to remember to place that ad for a new roommate. I hadn't had that dream for at least six months and I was so happy about that because I thought the nightmare was finally over, I thought that I had finally broken through the fear. I dragged myself to the kitchen for a cup of coffee as I tried to shake it off. I had to remind myself that he was locked up in prison and he wouldn't be getting out for at least six more years.

I downed my cup of coffee and shifted my focus to work because it was almost 7:00 and I had to be there at 8:00, so I went to hop in the shower. I was the front desk manager at the Blu Sierra Miami and I had been working there for just about two years. Having recently graduated from college with a double major in hotel management and marketing, I really wanted to own a boutique hotel in South Beach one day. My rise to manager was very fast and the swiftness with which I was promoted was unheard of in the industry. I worked my ass off at that hotel and took every opportunity to showcase my talent. I was currently hoping for another promotion to operations manager any day, so the last thing I needed to do was to be late for work.

The Blu Sierra Miami was the only six star hotel in the United States so we attracted many high end, uber wealthy clients every day. When I originally got the call that I landed an interview for the job, I nearly fell off of my chair. I never thought in a million years that I would be able to get a job at such an exclusive hotel, at least not right of college. I graduated at the top of my class so I know that was a huge plus, but I was also a beautiful girl, not just pretty, but strikingly beautiful, so that probably helped too. All my life people told me how beautiful I was and I learned at an early age that boys, and later men, were putty in my hands. I always downplayed my looks because I wanted people to recognize that I was also a smart girl and not just a pretty face. It made me really uncomfortable to get compliments about my looks so I always changed the subject whenever the conversation was heading in that direction.

I put on my standard uniform of an azure blue mini skirt and crisp white blouse and black heels, pulled my long dark hair back into a low ponytail, and headed out the door. I walked in the door of the hotel at exactly 7:48 a.m. so I rushed to put my things away and quickly checked myself in the mirror before casually strolling out to the desk. I didn't ever want to appear as if I was rushing around employees because I didn't want to give my boss any kind of reason to question my professionalism.

I checked on each person at the front desk to make sure that we were ready for the day. We had a really big day ahead of us because an A- list celebrity and a Saudi prince were scheduled to arrive that day. Janelle was the assistant manager of the front desk so I pulled her into my office so that we could go over all of the arrangements for our guests. We went through my intensive checklist and then I reminded her to double check restaurant arrangements with Chloe.

Chloe was my best friend and was the manager of the hotel restaurant. We started working there at the same time when we graduated from college. Chloe and I grew up together in Pensacola, Florida and we both wanted to move to Miami since we were in high school. Her parents live across the street from my parents and we've been inseparable since we were little girls. She knew me better than anyone and she was the only person who I trusted without reservation.

I was still a little flustered from the dream and didn't even see Chloe standing at the desk when Janelle and I returned.

"Good morning Laney!" Chloe I met each other for the first time when we were four years old and it was easier for her to say Laney than my full name Elena, so that's what she always called me.

I laughed when I saw her. "My head must really be in the clouds, I didn't even see you there!" I gave her a big grin. "Are you ready for today?"

"Oh yeah, we are going to be slammed today! Janelle and I will go over all of the final arrangements for our special guests today, but everything should be in order for them."

One of the long-standing policies of the hotel was that none of the employees were supposed to say the name of any high-profile guest out loud, so you would never hear any of us utter the name of any celebrity guest just in case the paparazzi happened to be lurking about. If anyone broke that rule, they would be fired immediately.

I noticed Chloe staring at me and I raised my eyebrows at her. What's going on?

"I need to double check the list of meal requests for our VIP guests that are arriving later this week."

I gave her a curious look. "Oh, okay, follow me."

We went into my office so that I could get that information for her and as I opened my file cabinet to get the folders, she put her hand on my arm to stop me before I pulled them out.

"I didn't really want to go over anything else Laney, you seem a little bit frazzled so I just wanted to make sure that you're okay. Is something going on? Do you have a hot date tonight that you're worried about?" There was a bit of teasing behind her words, but I could see that she was concerned.

I gave her a little smirk. "Hardly."

Guys were actually the last thing on my mind these days and I hadn't dated someone in almost a year. My focus was on my career. I was sure that the right relationship would come along later on so, for the time being, I was all about work.

Chloe knew me better than anyone else and I wasn't surprised that she was able to pick up on the fact that I'd had a rough start to my day. I looked at her and took a deep breath.

"I had the dream again."

I could see the worry in her eyes as she gently squeezed my hand.

"Oh Laney, I'm sorry you had to deal with that again. But don't let it get to you because he's locked away for a long time." She put her arm around me and gave me a hug. "He can't hurt you again." Chloe was the only person, besides my parents, who knew what had happened to me.

Chapter Two - Flashback

When I was a junior in high school, I met Brian who was also a junior and I thought he was really cute and sweet so my crush on him was instant. I saw him in the halls all the time and we had a few classes together but we didn't actually get to know each other until the last week of school our junior year. I fell in love with him almost immediately and I wanted to be with him every waking hour of every day. We were inseparable the summer before our senior year and I started imagining how he would propose to me, what kind of house we would live in and what our kids would look like. I was head over heels in love and I had never felt happier. My parents thought it was puppy love and they didn't have a problem with him because he was always so polite whenever he came over to our house.

Brian treated me like a queen for the first three months of our relationship and then something in him changed our senior year. He became much more possessive of me and he would get really jealous whenever another guy looked at me. Guys looked at me all the time because I had big boobs and I had a pretty face. I found myself having to constantly reassure him that nothing was going on with any other guy and that he was the only guy that I wanted to be with. That would placate him for a while but then something would happen to set him off again.

I remember the first time he hit me we were in his car and I was so shocked that I didn't know what to say. He accused me of flirting with my lab partner Matt earlier that day in school. I told him that we were just talking about our project that was due the next week and nothing was going on with him, but Brian didn't want to hear it. His eyes glazed over and I remember seeing a vein pop out on his forehead as his face turned beet red before he slapped me across the face.

"Don't lie to me, Elena!"

My hands flew up to my face as he raised his hand to me again and hit me on the side of my head. I couldn't believe what had just happened and I immediately started crying uncontrollably. The guy that I loved who I thought loved me back had just hit me. I knew that this was wrong and that I should end things with him immediately, but he started crying and apologizing for hitting me. He told me that it would never happen again as he kissed me gently all over my face. I could see the remorse and his eyes so, like a fool, I forgave him and I never told anyone what happened. I told myself that if it ever happened again I was going to break up with him. I put make up on my face to cover the bruises, pulled my hair over my eyes and wore big sunglasses for a week until the swelling went down. My parents thought that I was going through a phase where I thought I was the coolest thing around and that's why I was wearing my sunglasses all the time. My mom made a little teasing comment about it asking me if I thought I was the next big superstar, but she never dug deeper because I was able to hide the bruising so well.

Brian was really nice to me for the next couple of weeks, bringing me a rose every day and he kept promising me that nothing like that would ever happen again, and I believed him. Three weeks after the first incident he hit me again when a waiter at a restaurant flirted with me. Brian accused me of flirting with him and when we were in his car he slapped me as soon as he closed the door. Again, he immediately apologized and told me that he loved me and he wanted to kill himself for hurting me. He begged me not to leave him and promised that he would never do it again. He said he really meant it this time. I decided to forgive him again because I loved him and I couldn't see that I was stuck in a cycle of abuse.

For the next couple of months, things were going perfectly with us, he had mellowed and stopped the possessive behavior (the fact that I tried to avoid guys when he was around helped, I'm sure), I bought a gorgeous dress for prom and we were the golden couple at school. A month before prom he saw me laughing in the hall with a couple of guys as I was getting ready to leave and he went ballistic. He held it together in front of everyone but I could tell that he was pissed when he came over to me and told me that he needed to talk with me in private. We walked outside and I could feel a huge pit in my stomach as I braced myself for what he was going to say.

He pushed me into his car and peeled away so fast that the squealing tires caused a lot of heads to turn. We pulled into the last row of the crowded mall parking lot where no one would see us, and he turned furious eyes toward me and just started screaming at me.

"I bet you liked having those guys fawn all over you, didn't you? You looked like a slut begging to be f**ked, and you wanted that didn't you, Elena? Did you sleep with them? Did you? Answer me!"

I was terrified to say anything when he was like this, but I knew that I had to say something to make him calm down. I reached out and gently touched his cheek, trying to calm his concerns.

"Brian, no, nothing happened with those guys, we were just chatting. You know that you're the one that I love and you're the one that I want to be with. Only you."

I was really hoping that my words would be enough to soothe him but I could not have been more wrong. He knocked my hand away from his face and he slapped me across the face, cutting my lip. When I tasted the blood in my mouth, something snapped in me and I was done. I was tired of being afraid of him and I was not going to be that girl that lived in fear of her boyfriend anymore. I had a vision of what my life would really be like with Brian and I finally came to my senses.

"Don't you ever put your hands on me again! I don't need this! We are over! Don't call me, don't text me and don't even look at me! I don't want to have anything to do with you ever again!"

I flung open the car door and Brian reached across to grab me, and I hit him with my backpack as I ran out of the car. I ran as fast as I could into the mall and ducked into the ladies' bathroom. I hid in a stall and was shaking and crying as I called Chloe.

"Hello?"

"Chloe?" I could barely get her name out.

"Laney? What's wrong?!" She sounded panicked.

"Can you come pick me up at the mall?"

"Of course! Where are you?"

"I'll meet you in the parking lot in front of Chili's."

"Okay, I'll be there in 10 minutes!"

"Thanks Chloe."

After a few minutes I washed my face, pulled my hair in my face and got myself together and gingerly stepped out into the mall, carefully looking around making sure that Brian was nowhere in sight. By the time I made it outside to the parking lot, Chloe was waiting for me. I quickly got into her car and started crying all over again. When she saw my face, she couldn't believe what she saw.

"Oh my gosh Laney! What happened to you?"

I was so ashamed that my friend had to see me like this but I had to tell her what happened.

"Brian."

"What?!" Her shriek caught me off guard.

"It's not the first time this has happened, I just covered it up before. But today was the last straw. I broke things off with him and I never want to speak to him again." I was balling like a baby and she put her arms around me.

"I, I just can't believe it. You guys? Brian? I'm in shock right now. Are you okay? Do I need to take you to the hospital?"

"No, I will be okay. I'm just really embarrassed that I even allowed this to happen to me. Chloe, please don't tell my parents, I just want to go crawl into my bed."

She started driving toward my house and I dried my tears.

"Why not?" Her eyes were concerned as she glanced at me while trying to pay attention to the road.

"I'm afraid my dad will kill him and I just don't want them to know that I was so weak."

"Laney, your parents love you and I think you should tell them what happened. Trust me, they will want to be there for you. I don't think you should have to deal with this with just me as someone to talk to. I'll go with you to tell them if you want."

I was silent for a minute as I thought about what she said, but I decided against it. The school year was almost over and I would never have to see Brian again so I didn't think I had to involve my parents. I couldn't bear to see the look on my parents' face when they learned that he had hit me before and I had stayed with him.

"Chloe, I'll be fine, really, I don't want them to know. It will be better for everyone if I can just put this behind me. I'll just tell my parents that we broke up and I don't want to talk about it. This whole thing will blow over, you'll see."

We pulled up to my house and I gave her a big hug.

"Thank you for coming to pick me up."

"You're sure you don't want me to go inside with you?"

"No, I'll be fine, thanks. And Chloe? Please don't tell anyone about this."

"I won't, I promise, even though I think you should tell your parents."

"I'll be okay, really. I'll see you at school tomorrow."

I got out of the car and luckily my parents weren't home from work yet so I ate a sandwich really fast, grabbed some ice for my lip, and decided to turn in early. When my parents came home I would just mumble from the bed that I broke up with Brian and I wanted to be alone. My mom would probably want to come in to make sure that I was okay, but my dad would convince her to give me space. My dad and I were really tight; I could talk to him about anything. But this, what had happened to me with Brian, I just felt so ashamed and I knew my dad would want to have him arrested. If that happened it would be all over school and Brian was so popular I was sure that everyone would hate me. I didn't want to make things worse than they already were; I just wanted it all to go away.

That evening, when my parents came home, exactly what I thought would happen, happened. They knocked on my door and they left me alone when I told them I didn't feel like talking. It was less than a month before prom, I was one of the most popular girls in school and I was probably going to miss it. I drifted off crying myself to sleep wishing that I had never met Brian.

The next morning I woke up to 38 texts and missed calls from Brian. I didn't feel like dealing with seeing him that day at school so I stayed in bed, and when my mom opened my door to check on me I kept my face hidden under the covers and told her that I really needed to stay home. I was the type of student that never missed a day of school unless I was violently ill, so I knew that my mom would understand and realize that I really needed this time to myself. It also helped that it was Friday, and I wouldn't be missing anything big at school anyway since we had less than a month of classes to go before graduation.

My parents left for work and I had the house to myself so I went to check my lip in the mirror and, thankfully, the ice helped to keep down the swelling. I grabbed a bowl of cereal and plopped down on the couch to watch t.v. and eventually drifted off to sleep. The blaring sound of my cell phone woke me from my slumber and without thinking I answered the phone.

"Laney, please don't hang up." Brian's voice sounded desperate.

Fear coursed through me as the hairs stood up on the back of my neck and then anger took over.

"Brian, I told you not to ever contact me again!"

"I am so sorry, I never meant to hurt you. You have to give me another chance! I can't live without you!" He was sobbing hysterically and I felt nothing but anger and disgust. I wanted nothing to do with him.

"Brian we are over! Don't call me again!" I turned off my phone so that he wouldn't be able to reach me. A minute later our house phone started ringing and I saw that it was him on the caller ID, so I unplugged it. I knew that I couldn't keep the phone unplugged forever so I was going to just tell my parents that Brian was taking the break up kind of hard and I didn't want to deal with his constant calling. I figured if I put that kind of spin on it I wouldn't have to tell them what really happened, and I was hoping the whole thing would just blow over and go away.

Hours passed and before I knew it, it was just about dinnertime. I loved to cook so I decided to surprise my parents with dinner that evening. I made chicken Parmesan, roasted potatoes and salad, and I set the table so that they wouldn't have to do anything but sit down and eat.

I checked my lip in the mirror and, thankfully, you could barely tell that it was swollen the day before. I put on some lipstick to cover up the tiny cut in my lip, my makeup covered the bruising on my face, and I dished all of our plates since I knew my parents would be home at any minute. I was getting the lemonade out of the fridge when I heard my parents come in.

"What's all this?" My mom sounded pleasantly surprised as they walked into the kitchen and saw the beautiful spread I had prepared.

"I thought I'd make dinner for you guys for once since you always make dinner for me. So you can just put your things away and then sit down and relax, and I will pour a glass of lemonade for all of us."

My mom looked a little bit concerned as she looked at me and put her hand in my shoulder. "Laney, are you sure you're okay? I know you probably don't want to talk about Brian but honey, I just want to make sure that you're okay."

"Yeah sweetheart, you didn't have to do all of this after what you went through with Brian yesterday."

My eyes flew to my dad's face. Did he know what happened?

"I know breakups can be rough sweetie, so you didn't have to do all of this, but thank you. You can just relax for the rest of the night and we will take care of everything else."

"Mom, dad, I'm fine, really, you don't have to worry about me. It's for the best that we broke up anyway, it was getting serious and I'm going to be leaving for college in a couple of months. I just needed a day to myself, but I'm fine now and I'll be able to go back to school on Monday. So don't worry about me, really." I did my best to brush it off. "Let's not talk about this, let's just have a nice dinner. So, how was work for you guys today?"

My parents looked at each other and they both knew me well enough to know that if I wanted to drop something then we should just drop it. We had a nice dinner and didn't talk about Brian, which made me really happy. After dinner we all watched a movie together and then turned in for the night.

The weekend flew by and Monday came before I knew it. Chloe didn't leave my side all day because she wanted to make sure that Brian stayed away from me. I saw him in the halls but he kept his distance until the end of the day. Chloe was giving me a ride home since Brian used to always do that and as I was walking to her car to wait for her he came up behind me.

"Laney, you can't keep pushing me away like this. Please give me another chance, I miss you and I love you. I promise I will never, ever hurt you again."

I spun around and glared at him. "I have nothing to say to you, leave me alone!"

He grabbed my arm but then quickly let it go. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that." He looked desperate and I just wanted him to go away.

I looked him squarely in the eye. "Brian, you need to move on because we are never getting back together. You hit me and that is something that you can't take back."

Just then Chloe walked up and asked if everything was okay.

I looked at Brian, and looked at her. "Yeah, we're done here, let's go home."

We walked away from Brian and he stood there watching us, not saying a word. He didn't plead for me to give him another chance and he didn't make a scene. It was almost eerie the way he just stood there looking at us but I shook it off and told myself that maybe it had finally gotten through to him that we were done.

The week passed uneventfully, thankfully with zero communication from Brian, and by Friday I was so ready to have fun with Chloe that weekend. We were going shopping all day Saturday and I couldn't wait. The final bell rang and as I neared my locker I saw Jeremy standing there waiting for me. Jeremy had had a crush on me since the ninth grade but he never mustered any courage to ask me out. I remembered him as a scrawny freshman and since I had been with Brian for the past year I had never really given another guy a second look. Well Jeremy definitely deserved a second look. When did he turn into this tall, gorgeous guy? I felt my belly flutter as I walked up to him and looked into his bright blue eyes that were smiling at me.

"Hey Laney."

"Hey Jeremy. What's going on?"

He shuffled his feet a bit, shoved his hand into his front pocket and glanced down at the floor before he looked back up at me. I could see the apprehension in his eyes.

"Well, um, I kinda heard that you don't have a date for prom and I was wondering if you wanted to go with me?"

Really? It never even crossed my mind that another guy would ask me to prom. I thought for sure that everyone would have a date by now. I was really flattered and there was no way I was going to say no.

I looked at him and smiled. "I would love to go with you Jeremy."

A huge smile spread across his face, we exchanged phone numbers and he told me he would let me know all of the details the next week. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face as I got into Chloe's waiting car.

"Somebody looks happy! What's going on?" Chloe had an inquisitive smile on her face as she raised her eyebrows at me.

"Jeremy just asked me to prom." I was cheesing all over the place.

"Oh my gosh! I knew it! That guy has had it bad for you since freshman year and I knew that he was just waiting for you and Brian to break up so that he could swoop in. I know for a fact that Stacy Miller was hoping he would ask her but I knew that you're the one he really wanted to go with. You guys are going to have such a good time! He's really nice Laney, I know you don't know him very well but Jeremy is a really good guy, not a loser like Brian." Then she gasped and took one hand off of the steering wheel and grabbed my arm. "Oh my gosh! We should totally double date! What do you think?"

I really liked Chloe's boyfriend David and he was good friends with Jeremy so I knew that we would all have a lot of fun together. Jeremy was really sweet and it was nice to look forward to hanging out with a guy without worrying that I would say the wrong thing and piss him off.

"I'll ask Jeremy when I see him next week but I'm sure he'll agree to it. Oh my gosh Chloe, I am so psyched, this is going to be so fun!"

Brian was a distant thought as I looked forward to prom with my friends.

Jeremy agreed that it would be fun if we all went together so we did and we all ended up having the best time at prom. It was really nice to be with someone without having to constantly be on my toes, making sure that I didn't say the wrong thing, or be accused of flirting with someone. There was no sign of Brian that night and I was really relieved because in the back of my mind I thought he might try to pull something. It wasn't until about halfway through prom, when I felt sure that he wasn't there, that I was able to relax and really have a good time. Jeremy was such a nice guy and prom ended up being one of the most fun nights that I had ever had.

Graduation came and went with no contact from Brian and I realized that I was thinking about him less and less. I was relieved that he had finally gotten the message and had stopped bothering me. Jeremy and I started dating each other after prom and about two weeks after graduation he dropped me off at home after a movie and I told him I would talk to him the next day. He gave me a quick kiss before I went inside. I said goodnight to my parents to let them know I was home safely (they always wanted me to do that no matter what time it was), and I washed my face, brushed my teeth and crawled into bed. I was so happy that I had met such a nice guy and I drifted off to sleep on cloud nine.

I woke up in the middle of the night to a hand covering my mouth as Brian's bloodshot eyes stared daggers at me. He hovered over me and pinned me to the bed. "Do you really think that you can go to prom and parade around town with your new boyfriend and make me look like a fool? I told you that we were meant to be together Laney and I'm not going to let you go!" I could smell the alcohol on his breath as I tried to wrench myself out of his grip. "I love you can't you see that?!"

I tried to push him off of me and was finally able to get my mouth free. "What are you doing here?" I hissed at him. "Get out of here right now!" I didn't want to raise my voice because I didn't want to wake my parents. I just wanted him to leave.

"I'm not leaving until you say you'll take me back! I love you Laney, I don't know why you can't see that!"

I struggled beneath his weight and continued to try to push him off of me. "Brian, I told you that we were over and that you need to move on! Now get off of me and get out of here! Leave me alone, I don't love you anymore!"

His eyes filled with pure evil and he snapped. He started slapping and punching me worse than he ever had before and I could feel blood pouring into my mouth. I screamed for my dad and I heard his feet thumping on the floor as he came running. Brian quickly jumped off of me and escaped through my window, which must have been the way that he got in. By the time my dad reached me I was bloodied and crying and I could see the shock on his face.

"Oh baby! What happened, who did this to you?!"

When he found out that it was Brian who attacked me he was beyond pissed and immediately called the police and an ambulance and they were there within minutes.

I stayed in the hospital for a couple of days with bruising and a broken rib and when I was released a detective came to see me and told me that they had arrested Brian. I was able to heal physically, but the emotional scars ran deep and I wondered if I would ever be able to live without fear.

The state of Florida has zero tolerance for domestic violence and Brian got 16 years for breaking and entering our house and attacking me. At his sentencing hearing, he looked at me and mouthed the words 'see you in 16 years' as an evil grin spread across his face. A chill ran down my spine and I tried to shake it off telling myself that he couldn't get to me because he was going to be locked up for a long time.

I started seeing a therapist shortly after the attack, at the insistence of my parents, and by the time I left for college I was on the road to mental recovery. She referred me to someone in my college town and I saw them once a week. No one knew that I was in therapy and I wanted to keep it that way, I didn't want to appear to be different from anyone else.

I went off to college, occasionally keeping in touch with Jeremy but that eventually fizzled out. Chloe and I talked once a week and even visited each other at our colleges and our friendship was stronger than ever. Brian was the thorn in my side that would not go away. I knew he was locked up but that did not stop him from torturing me.

It was some time near the end of my first semester freshman year that my world changed, again. I had really tried to not think about Brian and I immersed myself in the whole college thing. I studied hard, I went to parties and I even had a steady boyfriend. I tried to stay as busy as possible and eventually it was starting to work, and then I received the letter.

It was from the Corlus County Correctional Facility and a chill ran through me when I saw the return address. The letter was 22 pages long and Brian went on and on about how he couldn't wait to see me when he got out and that when he did get out, we would finally be together. The first time I received the letter I was terrified. I talked to my therapist about it and she really helped me reclaim my strength and helped me to not let Brian have power over me. The next month when I got the letter I was angry and I decided that I would really try to not let him affect my life.

I received a letter like that every 6 months like clockwork for years. Brian always found me wherever I went and I felt like I would never be able to get away from him, but I vowed to just try to continue on with my life. I did the best I could, but every now and then, when my world was still, I thought I could feel him watching me.

Chapter Three - Meeting Him

We were really busy that day at the hotel so I was more than ready to go home by the time my shift was over. As I was gathering my things, my manager came over to me and asked me the question that would change my life forever.

"Elena, I know you're scheduled to have Saturday night off, and this is not in your job description, but we are short one person for the Blu Annual Gala that night. Do you think you can fill in?"

The Blu Annual Gala was the be all and end all of social events in Miami. The who's who of Miami, red carpet celebrity crowd and A-list entertainers were always in attendance. I had heard that the Gala raised at least a million dollars each year for after school programs for at-risk youth.

A server? There had to have been a ton of other people she could have asked before she asked me, I mean, I was a manager! I did not sign up for this job to be a server, but I wanted to look like a team player so I agreed to help out.

"Sure Ms. Parker, I can fill in. What time should I be here?"

"Oh, thank you Elena, I need everyone to be here by 5:30 so that we can go over who is going to cover which tables. Mr. Blu will be here and we want to make sure that everything is flawless for him because, as we know, he can be a real stickler for perfection. Stop by the office and Stephanie will have your uniform for the evening."

"Uniform? It's not the same one I wear every day?"

"No dear, the galas are very special occasions and we have nicer uniforms for everyone to wear. Mr. Blu likes pretty things so the uniforms are bit more...dressy shall we say? You'll see when you pick yours up."

Sebastian Blu along with his brothers, Spencer and Shane were heirs to the Blu Sierra Hotel chain fortune. At 32, 30 and 27 years old respectively, they were three of the youngest billionaires in the world. You know how there's that saying "their reputation precedes them"? Well, in this case, their reputation really did precede them because everyone knew who the Blu brothers were. They were rich, tall, gorgeous, and loved beautiful women. "Playboy" was the word that many people used to describe each one of them. Whenever they were mentioned in a story in the media they were always linked to the latest, hottest, most gorgeous model. They all definitely seemed to have a type and it was the same exact type, or at least it appeared that way.

I had never seen them in person but gossip columnists always described them as "Greek gods" or "breathtakingly gorgeous" or something silly like that. I could only imagine how inflated their egos must be because of who they were, how rich they were, and the incredible life they were able to lead. Men like that were the ones to stay away from because they loved women too much. I'm sure their eyes wandered to the next pretty thing on a daily basis. It didn't really matter to me, I just wanted to make a good impression on Mr. Blu if I saw him at the gala and hopefully that would help me get that promotion.

Each Blu brother was in charge of a different hotel and I had read that Sebastian Blu had made the Blu Sierra Miami the six star hotel that it was. Whenever the hotel was mentioned in the paper, a reference was always made to how hard he worked to make the hotel what it was and how dedicated he was to ensuring the guests had a perfect stay. From what I had read about him, he seemed to be somewhat of a workaholic. It was his idea to have a six star hotel and at first his father disagreed, but he insisted. Spencer Blu ran Blu Sierra New York City, and Shane Blu was being groomed to run Blu Sierra Chicago.

Blu Sierra had nearly 400 hotels worldwide and they were different than the others in that they had a variety of hotels from boutique hotels to the Blu Sierra in Miami which was the premier six star hotel for the chain. I had read many articles about the Blu family, and I had also seen a training video that featured their rise to fortune with Blu Sierra hotels.

Their great grandfather Sheldon Blu originally wanted to be a banker but his interest turned to hotels when he noticed that a local 12 room motel could not handle the demand for the area. He built his first hotel in San Francisco, California and quickly learned that rooms were never empty for more than one hour so he realized that he had stumbled upon a potential goldmine of a business. He went on to build several hotels all over the country and when he brought his son, Seymour, into the business years later they expanded all over the world.

Sebastian, Spencer and Shane's father, Stanford, Seymour's son, was known for his ruthless business practices and his affinity for flashy cars and pretty women. He was often seen tooling around South Beach with his third wife in the latest luxury car. The rumor around town was that he cheated on wife number one with wife number two who was 15 years younger than him. She was a contestant in a beauty pageant, he was a guest judge and apparently as soon as he laid eyes on her he behaved like a dog in heat, openly disrespecting his wife. I heard that he dumped his wife of 20 years, and the mother of his three boys, three days after meeting the beauty queen. He married her soon after that and they were married for almost five years until he met a 26 year old model who was in town shooting a spread for Maxim magazine. He dumped the second wife for his third wife and he had been married to her for nearly five years. At nearly 31, Mr. Blu's third wife was younger than his oldest son Sebastian who was 32.

The third Mrs. Blu liked to frequent the spa at the hotel so I had seen her a few times and she was absolutely stunning. Rumors were always flying around that she had the hots for Sebastian and she was just using the elder Mr. Blu for his money. I didn't have an opinion one way or the other because I had never seen her with either of them, but I will say that the woman definitely had a ravenous appetite for the finer things. Her assistant was always loaded down with at least five or six shopping bags from designer boutiques when she stopped by the spa.

She didn't seem to be all that friendly because she never spoke to anyone when she came to the hotel. If she needed anything her assistant was the person who spoke for her and I found that to be so incredibly rude, but it wasn't my job to judge. As long as she was happy with the service she received that's all that mattered to me. I noticed that her assistant was just as pretty as she was so the rumor about the Blu men liking beautiful women around them seemed to be true.

The more I thought about Ms. Parker's comment about Mr. Blu liking pretty things, the more I realized that she probably wanted me there because of the way I looked. I was sure that she would have the room filled with attractive servers. It still bothered me when someone focused on my looks rather than my ability, but if this was a way to get me in front of the owner I'd take it. It wasn't every day that I had a chance to be in the same room as the owner of the hotel, so I wanted to make sure that I made a lasting impression. Since I was up for another promotion any exposure for me would be good exposure.

The day of the gala I took my time getting ready and I was really not looking forward to being a waitress all evening, but I had to admit that the uniform was simply beautiful. It was a black and silver sequined form-fitting mini dress with length sleeves and I had to wear 4 inch black stilettos. I checked my hair, which I managed to get to fall in near perfect waves, and applied my lipstick and headed out the door.

The gala was held at the Fisher Club and when I got there the room was absolutely beautiful. The chandeliers sparkled and the tables were set with silk napkins and sterling silver napkin rings. The theme was black, white and silver and every single chair had a black cover and was tied with a huge silver bow positioned around a white silk tablecloth. In the center of each table was a gorgeous silver vase with two dozen white roses. Ms. Parker was buzzing around the room and I walked over to her to get my table assignment.

"Hi, Ms. Parker, the room looks gorgeous. I'm not sure if sections are assigned and I didn't see a list showing where the servers will be stationed. Can you tell me which area will I be serving?"

"Oh Elena, you look stunning dear! Wait, did you ask which tables you'll be serving?"

"Yes, ma'am."

A hearty laugh escaped her lips and I was thoroughly confused. What is so funny?

"I'm sorry dear, your comment surprised me. You won't be serving tonight, I need you to manage Mr. Blu's section this evening. Make sure that his every request is taken care of and all of the servers are at his beck and call. Mr. Blu is very particular and we want to be sure that he is happy with the gala."

I felt nervous butterflies at the mention of my responsibilities for the evening. I had never met Sebastian Blu in person and I knew that he had a reputation for being a perfectionist. Everything had to be perfect for him and he had a zero tolerance policy for mistakes. Managing his section would mean incredible exposure for me so I wanted to make sure that there were no problems that night.

I gathered all of the servers, who were very pretty women (shocking), and had a quick meeting with them, stressing the importance of zero mistakes that evening and making sure Mr. Blu was happy. Whatever he wanted, I instructed them that they were to get it for him immediately.

"I don't want Mr. Blu to have to wait for anything longer than one full minute tonight. Do we all understand?"

The girls all nodded in agreement and I sent them off to the kitchen to prepare their trays.

The guests started arriving and I checked to make sure that our section looked impeccable. My dress was different from the servers' uniforms who were wearing black pants and sleeveless white ruffle tank tops tucked in neatly with a slim black belt and strappy high heels. They all looked gorgeous and I was ready for whatever the night was going to bring.

Most of the guests of Mr. Blu's party were already seated, beautiful women occupied nearly every seat at his table. That's a bit much isn't it? My opinion of him was not very high given that having all of these women sitting and waiting for him at the table made him look like he had his own personal harem! There were two empty seats and I gathered those were for Mr. Blu and his date, who I was sure would be stunning.

The servers were all standing in a row near Mr. Blu's table and I went in the back to place fresh glasses of wine on trays for the servers and when I re-entered the ballroom to let them know that they should go get them, I saw the most gorgeous man I had ever seen walk over to the table. He had to have been at least 6'2", with thick dark brown hair, gorgeous dark eyes and he had a muscular build which was evident even through his beautiful tuxedo. Money seemed to literally drip from his pores. I saw the flash of his expensive watch and cufflinks as he ran his hand through his perfect hair and I was completely mesmerized by him. It wasn't until one of the servers asked a question that I realized I had been staring at him. Thankfully he didn't see me gawking and I was able to snap out of my trance and switch my focus back to work.

I periodically glanced in his direction as I made my way around my section, and then I realized as the manager of the section I should probably introduce myself to him and let him know that I was at his service if he needed anything. Well, I better get this over with. I was a ball of nerves as I walked over to him but I just kept telling myself that this was great exposure for my career and anything he wanted I would make sure he received.

He looked up as I approached his table and I could see the familiar appreciation in his eyes as he looked at me. I was used to that look, men looked at me like that all the time. But there was something more behind his eyes that I couldn't quite put my finger on. His date gave me a withering glance when she noticed that he seemed to be entranced with me.

I gave her a veiled smile and then turned my attention to the gorgeous man sitting next to her. I smiled sweetly at him. "Mr. Blu, I hope that you are enjoying your evening."

He gave me his complete attention and a small smile danced at the corner of his lips. "Why yes, I am. And you are?" His voice was incredibly deep and smooth.

"My name is Elena Sumner and I am the front desk manager at Sierra Blu Miami. I am helping out tonight so if you or your guests need anything please do not hesitate to ask."

"I will do that, thank you Ms. Sumner." His eyes sparkled as he said my name and time literally was reduced to a crawl as I watched him take me in from head to toe.

I felt my belly flip as I walked back to my station to check on the servers and I wanted to kick myself for feeling that way. No! I don't have time for these feelings! I hadn't felt something like that in a long time and I shouldn't have been surprised because the man was breathtakingly beautiful. For the first time in a very long time it was hard for me to concentrate on work and work was my number one priority. I busied myself checking on the servers making sure that there was never an empty glass in my section.

The guests enjoyed an elegant five-course meal and then it was time for the auction. I could see Mr. Blu nod at someone every now and then when there was an item that he wanted. He was a very generous bidder and that helped to change the perception I had of the man who was surrounded by a table full of beautiful women. It was nice to see that he was giving so much to such an incredible foundation. Everything was running smoothly so I figured it was okay for me to quickly run down the hall to use the restroom.

I had just walked out of the restroom and was looking down at my dress to make sure that it wasn't bunched up when I literally ran right into Sebastian Blu. His hands grabbed my shoulders to steady me and I was mortified.

"Oh my goodness! I am so sorry Mr. Blu, how clumsy of me!"

"It's quite alright...Ms. Sumner is it?"

"Yes, Elena." I felt my cheeks flush as I realized I had just made this encounter personal by implying that he could use my first name.

I didn't have much time to even think about what I had just said because I became acutely aware of his close proximity to my body and his gorgeous dark eyes that were drinking me in. I was 5'6" without heels so I was easily 5'10" that night with the shoes I was wearing. The top of my head reached his shoulder and I nearly gasped as I looked up at him. My skin was blazing underneath his touch and I found it difficult to catch my breath. What is going on? Why am I reacting to him like this?

His eyes glided over my face and my hair. "You are a very beautiful woman, Elena."

I was completely tongue-tied and did not know how to respond to his compliment. Say thank you!

"Oh, thank you." The words found their way out with a bit of difficulty. I had never been so tongue tied around a man before. It was usually the other way around.

"Are you working the entire evening?"

Why is he asking me that?

"Yes. Is there something I can do for you?"

"There is definitely something you can do for me." His words hung in the air as his eyes held mine. He pressed his body against mine and while I normally would have protested, my body betrayed me and I was frozen in place. He smelled of a mixture of lotion, soap and light, crisp shampoo and his scent was deliciously intoxicating. We were in the hallway where anyone could have seen us and while Sebastian didn't seem to care at all, I was terrified that at any minute someone would see that the gorgeous billionaire had me pinned against the wall. My senses were overwhelmed with his scent and I wanted to dig my fingers into his skin and devour him. I had not been this enthralled by a man ever in my life. No, no, no!

He ran a hand down my side and it followed the curve of my hip. He dipped his head toward my neck and that sexy voice caressed my ear. "I didn't see a ring Elena, I take it you're not...taken?"

Breathing, at this point, was nearly non-existent and I could barely think straight. There is no way this is really happening to me. No, I'm not taken, but you can take me anytime you want. I had never felt this consumed by a man before and I told myself that I had to step away from him so that I could think straight. I had completely forgotten that I was working and I had to get back to my section. Ms. Parker would be looking for me and I didn't want to get in trouble. I highly doubted that this gorgeous billionaire would admit that he pinned me against a wall and detained me for a bit and that was why I was late returning to my section. I looked up at Sebastian mesmerized once again by his beautiful, soulful dark eyes and all thoughts flew out of my head as I stood there still in his grasp. He stood looking at me waiting for my answer.

"Well? Are you? Taken, that is." I could see a deep intensity behind those dark eyes.

"N-No, I'm not taken." I was so consumed by his scent and his charisma that I almost forgot that he had not come alone to this event and once I remembered that I stepped away from him. I immediately raised my eyes to his and he looked surprised that I was rejecting his affection.

"Oh? You don't like my touch?"

I was cautiously defiant as I held his gaze. "I'm sure that your date would not appreciate what is going on here."

His eyes held mine for a while and then a tiny smirk turned up the corner of his mouth. He reached out and ran his fingers through my hair lightly brushing my neck, causing my skin to tingle.

"And what is going on here?" His voice was pure seduction and I had difficulty getting my lips to come together to form a sentence. After a moment I was able to finally utter words.

"I think your date would not appreciate you being here with me in this secluded space, Mr. Blu."

He pondered what I said and then I sucked in my breath as his face moved toward mine. Is he going to kiss me?

I held my breath as I waited for what came next. Oh, what I would give to feel those sexy lips on mine. I felt as though my world was spinning as he continued coming closer. Instead of kissing my lips he leaned down and whispered in my ear.

"Do me a favor, love, call me Sebastian. My father is Mr. Blu." His warm breath caressed my ear and his words made my belly flip.

I stood there puzzled as he left me standing alone to ponder what had just happened between us. I was clearly daydreaming because I didn't hear Marissa, one of the servers, calling my name.

"Elena? Are you okay?"

My fog cleared as I realized that she was standing right in front of me.

"Um, yeah I'm fine Marissa, just a touch of a headache. Is everything going okay out there?"

"Yeah, everything is fine. Ms. Parker wanted me to let you know that we will be serving dessert soon."

I got nervous because I thought Ms. Parker may have been looking for me and couldn't find me.

"Was she looking for me?" I tried to sound as nonchalant as possible because I didn't want Marissa to see me fretting over anything. She was a new server and I had to keep my cool at all times.

"No, she just told me if I saw you to let you know, but she said she figured you probably were already on top of it."

I smiled at her and thanked her for relaying the message. I went back to the ballroom and did my best to avoid eye contact with Sebastian because I was sure that my body would betray me if I locked eyes with him. I walked around the table glancing at everyone's plates to make sure that none of the plates were empty. The guests were enjoying dessert and conversation and I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention and eyes boring into me as I was walking around. My mouth went dry and my palms were sweating because I knew he was watching me. I was terrified to look in his direction because I didn't want anyone to see what he was doing to me, and I knew that one look at me looking at him and the heat between us would be obvious to any observer.

I must have been off in my own world because even though I thought that I was doing my job by keeping an eye on Sebastian's section, I felt someone tap me on the arm and it caught me by surprise. I turned to see Marissa looking nervous and I immediately got worried.

"Is something wrong, Marissa?"

"Mr. Blu has been trying to get your attention for the last few minutes."

My heart dropped into my stomach. Oh crap! He needed something and I had made him wait. Dammit. This isn't going to look good for me. I took a deep breath and gave Marissa's arm a quick, gentle squeeze as I whispered to her.

"Thank you."

I shifted my eyes to Sebastian, feeling totally flustered, and he looked amused as he watched me try to compose myself as I quickly walked over to him.

His date once again gave me a dismissive once over and wrapped her perfectly manicured hand around his arm. Okay lady, I get it, you want me to know that he's off limits. Maybe you should check with him on that one. I gave him my sweetest smile as I locked eyes with him.

"I'm sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Blu. What can I do for you?"

His eyes were fixated on me giving me all of his attention. "The first thing you can do is call me Sebastian."

I could feel my cheeks flush and I quickly glanced at his date who was staring daggers at me, and I smiled at her trying to diffuse her anger.

"Okay, Sebastian, what can I do for you?"

"I would like a Diet Coke and a glass of ice."

Huh? Did I hear him correctly?

I was careful not to raise my eyebrow at him. "I'm sorry, did you say you would like a Diet Coke?"

His eyes were intense as they held my gaze and he had such a serious expression on his face. "Yes, I would like a diet coke, in a can please, and make sure it's ice cold."

"Absolutely, Mr. Blu. Excuse me, Sebastian."

I turned to go back to the kitchen praying we had a cold can of Diet Coke in the fridge. What kind of weird request was that? And why did he have to ask me? The servers were waiting on him hand and foot.

I hurriedly searched through the refrigerator and, thankfully, I found a few cans of Diet Coke on the bottom shelf. I wiped down the can of soda and brought it out to Sebastian's table along with a glass filled with ice.

"Here is the Diet Coke that you requested. Is there anything else that I can do for you?"

A tiny smirk played at the corner of his mouth. "Yes, I would like another can of Diet Coke and another glass filled with ice."

I felt my cheeks fill with warmth as I held his gaze. What kind of game are you playing?

"Of course, I will be right back."

I had to stop myself from stomping away because I felt like he was trying to make me look silly in front of his guests. I grabbed another soda from the fridge, wiped it down and set it on the table in front of him with another glass filled with ice. Defiance brimmed in my eyes as I held his gaze and then I forced myself to smile at him.

"Anything else, Sebastian?"

His eyes searched mine for what seemed like an eternity, I couldn't tell if he was upset with me, and I began to feel uncomfortable because I could feel everyone at the table staring at us. I hope I didn't sound annoyed. The last thing I wanted to do was piss off the man who held the key to my future.

"That's all for now, Elena." The way he said "for now" let me know that he had more in store for me.

I went back to the kitchen, my heart thumping, totally nervous that I had pissed off the owner of the hotel. He shouldn't have cornered me earlier because it threw me off. I prided myself on always being in control of my emotions and I had finally met someone who shook me to the core. Sebastian Blu was not the kind of man I was used to.

Later that evening, at the end of the night as guests were leaving, I was helping to clear Sebastian's table when I felt a hand on the small of my back. I turned to see Sebastian looking at me with that sexy smirk and I literally jumped away from him.

"So you don't like my touch."

"You caught me off guard. Did you need something?"

He slowly ran a finger down my arm and I was totally flustered because there were still plenty of people in the room and I was afraid someone would see the handsome billionaire flirting with me. This was not the way I wanted to be noticed and if he continued to come after me like that people would start to talk. If I did get the promotion, people would assume I got it because I was sleeping with Sebastian and that was the last thing I wanted. As those thoughts ran through my head I suddenly was very annoyed. I pulled away from him and my eyes were steely as I held his gaze.

"I do not mean to disrespect you Mr. Blu, but I am very uncomfortable with your advances. I work really hard for Blu Sierra Miami and I am a respected manager. I wouldn't want any rumors to begin about us, especially since I am up for promotion. I like to earn my positions in life the right way."

He took a deep breath, put his hands in his pockets and held my gaze for what seemed like forever before he said something. "Elena, the last thing I want to do is make you uncomfortable, it's quite the opposite actually."

I was completely confused. "Why? Aren't you here with a date tonight? How do you think she would feel if she knew what you were doing?" I couldn't believe that I was rejecting this powerful man, but it was pissing me off that he thought he could just have me.

An amused grin played at the corners of his mouth and his crossed his arms and leaned against the table drinking me in with his eyes.

"And, what exactly is it I am doing, Elena?"

I could feel that my cheeks were burning so I knew they had to be flaming red. How did I get myself into this? I had to be careful not to him so I chose my words carefully.

"You are flirting with me Mr. Blu, and while I am very flattered I just don't think it's appropriate."

I could see that he was surprised by my rejection but he quickly composed himself as he held my gaze. He uncrossed his arms, cleared his throat as he straightened his jacket and gave me a generic smile.

"Have a nice evening, Ms. Sumner."

He walked away and I was left standing there, my mind and heart racing, worried that I had just sealed my fate with the company. I began to pace back and forth in front of the table. This is not good, this is not good. I had rejected Sebastian Blu and I just knew that my time with the hotel was over. I tried to push the fear of being fired out of my head as I helped clear away as much as possible before the cleaning crew stepped in.

I went into the kitchen to grab my purse and Ms. Parker stopped me on my way out.

"Elena dear, thank you so much for stepping in to help tonight. I think the gala was a huge success and Mr. Blu seemed very pleased. Enjoy your day off tomorrow and I will see you on Monday morning!"

"Thank you Mrs. Parker."

I went home feeling sick to my stomach about work and I hoped that Sebastian wouldn't hold it against me that I turned him down. I climbed into bed a little while later and stared up at the ceiling in the dark replaying the night in my head. Sebastian was dangerously gorgeous and it would be really easy for me to get caught up in him, especially since he'd made it clear he was into me. But the last thing I needed was to have people at work gossiping about us, and I was on the career track, I didn't have time for a man to derail my plans. If I could get this next promotion, that would mean a big bump in my pay and once I found another roommate I could really start to save a lot of money. If I stayed on track I could open my boutique hotel in a few short years. I could not let Sebastian Blu ruin everything for me. I would have to find a way to apologize to him and if I had to get on my knees and beg him not to fire me, I wasn't above doing that.

Chapter Four - Next Steps

I tried to enjoy my day off but all I could think about was work and by bedtime I could barely fall asleep, drifting in and out of sleep all night, and when I woke up Monday I was dreading going in to work. I took my time getting ready and mentally prepared myself to have to beg for my job if it came to that. I walked into the hotel doing my best to appear as if it was any other day and not the day I was expecting to get fired. I put my things away and took a deep breath before going out to the front desk to check on everyone. An hour into the day I started to relax a bit because everything was just as it always was, and then I got the phone call.

"Ms. Sumner, Mrs. Hargrove would like to see you in her office. A car is waiting for you outside to take you to the corporate office."

I felt the blood drain from my face as I hung up the phone. My mouth went completely dry and it felt like I had a softball sitting in the bottom of my stomach. Mrs. Hargrove was fourth in charge at Blu Sierra hotels under Sebastian and his brothers and I knew that this could not be good. As I rode to the corporate office I had to practice calming breathing exercises because I just knew I was going to be fired. Could I sue them if the real reason I was getting fired was because I turned down Mr. Blu? How could I ever prove that? I felt sick to my stomach on the elevator up to the 30th floor and I sat in the reception area waiting to be called, subtly performing breathing exercises. A few minutes later a gorgeous, leggy blonde came to greet me.

"Ms. Sumner?"

"Yes?"

"Mrs. Hargrove will see you now. Will you follow me, please?"

I reluctantly followed her and I could feel my heart banging against my chest with each step, my hands slightly trembling. I balled them in tight fists at my sides so that the trembling would not be noticed. We continued down a hallway for what seemed like forever and then we finally made it to a dark, ornate door and she lightly tapped on it announcing our arrival. When she opened the door I was blown away by how beautiful Mrs. Hargrove's office was. There were beautiful crystal vases filled with fresh flowers everywhere and a gorgeous chandelier sparkled like a bowl of diamonds. The girl left quickly and I was face to face with Mrs. Hargrove. Please let this be quick and painless. I don't think begging this woman for my job is going to do anything. I thought maybe if a man was firing me I might be able to flirt my way out of it the way I had flirted my way out of so many things in the past. But flirting with this woman? Not so much.

"Ms. Sumner, please have a seat." She was all business.

I sat across from her massive desk and folded my hands, my pits sweating like crazy, waiting for the hammer to drop.

"Let me get right to the point."

Please, I can't stand this torture much longer.

"You are being promoted to Vice President of Marketing for the hotel."

Say what?

I sat there dumbfounded, positive that my hearing had just failed me. I knew I was staring at Mrs. Hargrove but words and my brain decided they wanted to stop working together.

"Ms. Sumner, did you hear me? Are you alright?"

Elena, snap out if it! Say yes!

"Yes! Yes I heard you, but I think that you must have me confused with someone else."

That seemed to tickle her funny bone because she could not stop laughing. "Oh goodness, I haven't had a hearty laugh like that in a long time." Her laughing calmed down and her eyes were pensive as they searched mine. "You weren't joking, were you?"

"No ma'am."

"Ms. Sumner, you are the new VP of marketing."

The words floated in the air and I said the first thing that came to my mind.

"You mean I'm not fired?" I wanted to curl up and hide as soon as the words slipped from my mouth. Way to f**k things up before they even get started.

Mrs. Hargrove gave me a most peculiar stare.

"Fired? Whatever would give you that idea? Ms. Sumner, surely you must be aware that you are a rising star at Blu Sierra Miami. You became a manager faster than anyone in the history of the entire company. Your performance at the gala was the final test to see how you fare under pressure. Your supervisor was extremely pleased with how you handled Mr. Blu's section that night."

Wait, this is all moving a little too fast, let's just take a deep breath for a second and let her words sink in. So Sebastian must not have mentioned to anyone that I didn't fall at his feet like he expected. I was really proud of myself for doing the right thing that night. I looked at Mrs. Hargrove and then looked around the room as the reality of the situation finally hit me. I was being promoted to Vice frickin' President of Marketing! My eyes settled back on Mrs. Hargrove and I gave her my biggest smile.

"This is all so overwhelming to me Mrs. Hargrove so please excuse my hesitation, I am absolutely thrilled to have this wonderful opportunity."

"Well, we are pleased to have you. Now, let's cover the administrative information. Your office is all set up for you and your executive assistant will walk you through your schedule and will be there for anything you might need. Do not hesitate to call on her, because she is meant to be your support. You have a meeting with the heads of each department at 2:00 and they meet once a month. If you need anything, let your assistant know and she will see to it that it is taken care of. Do you have any questions?"

"No, not right now."

She buzzed someone on her phone as she stood, and I followed suit. She slowly walked to her door and I knew that was my cue to exit.

"Melissa will show you to your office. Congratulations, Ms. Sumner." I shook her hand and realized that Mrs. Hargrove was short and to the point. I didn't exactly get the warm fuzzies from her but she also was not a nasty person. She was relatively cold but I attributed that to her wearing her professional hat while at work. From the way she cracked up at me earlier, I knew there was a fun side in there somewhere.

Melissa was another gorgeous, leggy blonde and I was starting to notice a theme with the women in the office. When I walked into my office I could not believe my eyes. It was absolutely gorgeous and I should not have been surprised because I was, after all, working at a six star hotel. I had a beautiful mahogany desk with a plush full back chair, incredible artwork on the walls and crystal vases filled with fresh flowers. It was all a bit overwhelming for me because the change was happening so fast. I turned to thank Melissa and a stout older woman in what appeared to be her 60's, was standing in the doorway and she had the most friendly smile.

"Hello Ms. Sumner, my name is Beverly but everyone calls me Bev and I am your new executive assistant. Anything you need, just come to me and I will take care of it." She winked at me as she came into my office with an iPad in her hands. "We need to go over your schedule, so if you don't mind please have a seat and hit the enter key on your computer."

I was a little bit taken aback with how quickly everything had happened that morning so I had to stop Bev in her tracks and kind of gather my thoughts. "Excuse me, Bev? What is going to happen with the front desk today? Since I am up here now, there is no one in charge down there and I really think I need to tell someone the schedule for the week."

"Oh, don't worry about that Ms. Sumner, everything downstairs has already been taken care of."

What? How was that possible? I had been up there for a little bit over an hour so how could everything already be taken care of? I didn't want to cause any issues so I just let it go. If she said things were taken care of then I would just have to believe her. I sat at my desk and pulled up my schedule to see that my day was filled with meetings. I sat with Bev for about 30 minutes and then I was off to my first meeting. Instead of being nervous I was super excited to start my new job.

I received a warm reception from everyone in all of my meetings that day which kind of just solidified my excitement for the job. I didn't feel one ounce of resentment from anyone and I have to admit that I was a little bit worried about that because I had been promoted to a senior role so quickly. It was almost 6:00 and I was putting away papers in my file drawer when I heard a light knock at my door. I looked up to see Sebastian standing in the doorway, looking like a Greek god, dressed in a gorgeous dark grey suit with his dark eyes fixated on me. Dammit that man is beautiful. I don't know that I had seen a more attractive man in my life, ever.

I quickly stood up, not knowing what to say because the last time I saw him, I turned him down. Was he here to tell me this was all a joke and I was really fired? My heart began to bang against my chest as fear enveloped me.

"I see that you are all settled in Elena. How was your first day?" His eyes seemed to be sincere as he asked me the question and the banging in my chest was reduced to a softer thump.

"It went really well, thank you."

"May I come in?"

"Oh, yes of course, please."

He closed my door, strode into my office, took a seat in the chair across from my desk and motioned for me to sit at my desk. I sat across from him with nerves that were tied in a knot. Is this where he reprimands me? He was silent as his eyes searched mine and I could see that he was trying to figure me out. I bet I was the only woman who had ever rejected him. Yes, he was gorgeous and rich but I had a plan for myself and I was going to stick to it. It would have been really easy to go back to his place after the gala, but where would that have gotten me? I'm sure that I would be unemployed right about then instead of promoted to a Vice President. My thoughts ran away from me and Sebastian was saying something to me.

"I have never met anyone like you in my life Elena Sumner, I am captivated." His eyes smoldered as he waited for my reaction.

"Thank you." I didn't know what else to say.

"You were promoted to manager in less than one year and nothing but glowing reviews for you from everyone who has worked with you in any capacity. You're from Pensacola, Florida, your mom is an admin for the local Home Improvement store and your father is a high school math teacher. You had a 4.0 gpa in college and graduated at the top of your class. You have a current driver's license and passport and you have never received so much as a parking ticket. You did an incredible job at the gala and conducted yourself with the utmost professionalism. I know talent when I see it, that is why I arranged for your promotion."

"Wait, putting aside for a minute that you know all of this personal information about me, you are behind my promotion?"

As this sank in I started to think that I didn't actually earn my new position. Of course you didn't earn it, what were you thinking? That you could be promoted a bazillion levels that quickly? Wake up and smell the lust, Elena! Sebastian Blu had a reputation for getting what he wanted and didn't take no for an answer. It was obvious to me now that he wanted me and would do anything to have me. Well, I was not for sale and I needed to make that perfectly clear to him before I worked one more day at the hotel.

"Yes, I arranged for you to be promoted, but I want you to know that this is based strictly on the promise you have shown. And yes, a background check was performed when you were hired, it's standard for all employees."

"Mr. Blu, while I appreciate the promotion, I hope that we are clear that there will be no extra benefits after hours."

He looked amused as he watched me squirm a bit in my seat. I tried my best to make sure that what I said came out sounding professional.

He held my gaze and would not let it go. "What do you mean by 'extra benefits'?"

I could feel my cheeks flush, and I was completely embarrassed that I had to spell it out to him. I didn't say anything for a solid minute and he crossed his arms as a twinkle danced in his eye and his mouth curled up in a small smile.

"I'm waiting, Elena." I loved the way he said my name, something about the inflection in his voice was so intimate.

Once again my heart was pounding and I felt completely mortified that I had to say anything. I took a deep breath, decided to get it over with and I spoke very softly as I looked down at my hands which were resting on my desk.

"I mean just because I have been promoted does not mean that anything will happen between us. Nothing will happen between us that is not work related."

He was silent for a few seconds and I was too nervous to avert my eyes away from my hands.

"Elena, look at me please." His voice was gentle.

I raised my eyes to his and I could see the lust in his eyes.

"You were promoted based on the great results and feedback you have received since you started with the hotel, not based on anything else. Nothing will happen between us that you do not want to happen. But something is going to happen between us Elena, it's just a matter of time. I like what I see when I look at you and I know that you like what you see. There is something here and eventually we'll both give in. We will keep our personal life and work life separate because that will be best for all involved, but I always get what I want." His eyes held mine without hesitation. "And I want you. Have I made myself clear?"

I had no idea how to respond to him as my eyes searched his, his words totally catching me off guard. He was right, I had to be honest with myself. I had never reacted to a man the way I had reacted to him in my life. He was sexy, gorgeous, rich and powerful. What woman would turn that down? A woman who didn't think it was right to sleep with her boss. I dug deep for courage and decided I would have to turn him down again. My eyes were steady as I answered him.

"Mr. Blu, I take my job very seriously and I can assure you that nothing will happen between us. Besides, I'm sure that your wife or girlfriend would not appreciate your advances toward me."

Amusement danced in his eyes for a couple of minutes and it looked like he was trying to hold back a smile. Then the look in his eyes completely changed and he was totally serious.

"We are going to Sao Paulo, Brazil next month to launch a new marketing campaign, so I want you to put together a presentation for a meeting on Monday with the head of the marketing department. Work the weekend if you have to, the presentation has to be flawless. Blu Sierra Sao Paulo opened a few months ago and we need more visibility. The hotel should be sold out every night and we're not there yet. Reach out to the others in the marketing department if you need help." He stood to leave and straightened his jacket and ran his hands through his hair. "Have a good evening, Elena."

He was so gorgeous that I was temporarily distracted by him and forgot to instantly panic about creating a marketing campaign in a week. But not to worry, the panic set in the second he left my office. When the door closed behind him, I sat at my desk in a complete daze. What should I focus on first, that he told me he wants me and he always gets what he wants, or that I'm going to Brazil next month and have to create a marketing campaign in a week? My head was spinning with what had just happened in the last thirty minutes. That Monday would go down in history as one of the most incredible days in my life.

I couldn't wait to tell Chloe what had happened to me that day. I didn't leave the office until around 7:30 so she had already left for the day. I called her the second I got home.

"Chloe? Guess what happened to me today?"

"I was waiting for you to call me! You were all anyone talked about today! Is it true that Mr. Blu hand-picked you to be VP of marketing?"

"Wait, how did that leak out?"

"There are gossips all over the hotel Laney. So, is it true?"

"Okay listen, you can't confirm this with anyone, but yes, it's true!"

"Oh my gosh!" Her squealing voice nearly broke my eardrum. "Laney, that is so amazing! I am so happy for you and of course I won't say anything! You really deserve this and I know that you are going to do an awesome job. But I have to say I will miss seeing you at work every day so we'll have to do more dinners."

"Thanks Chloe, and yes, definitely more dinners. We'll have to plan dinner soon because I am going to Brazil next month."

"What?! Oh my gosh!" The squeal again was breaking my eardrum.

"Yep, Mr. Blu told me today that I have to prepare a new marketing campaign for the trip next month. I have to present it on Monday so I have less than a week to get it done. I'm probably going to get like 4 hours of sleep a night this week."

"Yeah, but you can do it Laney, you're going to really shine in this position. Let me know if there is anything I can do for you."

"Thanks, Chloe."

We talked for a few more minutes and then I made a quick dinner and hopped on my computer to work on my presentation. I called my parents to tell them my good news and that I was going to Brazil the following month. When I climbed into bed a few hours later my mind wandered to what Sebastian said to me earlier, "something is going to happen between us Elena". As much as I didn't want to believe him, my body was telling me he was right.

Chapter Five - New Beginnings

I worked on my presentation all week and that weekend, and by the time Monday rolled around I felt more than ready. When I walked into the meeting Sebastian was sitting at the head of the table and every member of the marketing department was present. I wasn't the type to get nervous in situations like this, I thrived on being able to showcase my skills. When the meeting started the head of the department spoke for a while about his ideas and then it was my turn. I gave every person a copy of the presentation and I went through each item in detail. I glanced at Sebastian every now and then to see his reaction and he had a look of pleasant surprise on his face and that really encouraged me. By the time I was done everyone seemed impressed with me.

"Wonderful job Elena, this is exactly what I was looking for." Sebastian did not hold back with his compliment in front of the room and I was really proud of myself for what I was able to pull off in a week.

The following Tuesday I was working late, buried in files, and my stomach reminded me that it was time to eat around 7:30. I still had a couple of hours of work to do so I was planning to just grab a sandwich from the cafeteria and bring it back to my office. One of the biggest conveniences about working in the corporate office building was that the cafeteria was open until 10:00 p.m. I bent down to grab my purse from the bottom drawer of my desk and when I sat up I was startled to see Sebastian standing in the doorway. I jumped and quickly recovered but not before he saw the frightened look on my face.

"I'm really sorry, I didn't mean to startle you Elena. I saw that your light was on and wanted to check on you." He looked at the huge pile of papers on my desk and raised his eyebrows. "Are you being given too much work? We do like for our employees to have a life outside of this job."

"Oh, no the amount of work is fine, I just wanted to get a good feel for the new campaign. This is all so new to me and I don't want to be the one to drop the ball when we go to Sao Paulo."

"I'm sure you'll do fine, from what I can see you are an extremely hard worker and you don't strike me as the type of woman who would 'drop the ball', as you say."

"It's really important to me that I do well in this position because it is such an incredible opportunity and I am very appreciative."

He looked surprised by my words and there was something else there in his eyes but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Was he surprised by how grateful I was about being given this incredible opportunity? Maybe that was it, and I guess in his world, people at his level didn't really show their emotions so freely. But I did, that's just who I was, I was grateful and I was going to work really hard to make a name for myself.

"We are very happy to have you aboard." He glanced at his watch and look at me with a slight smile. "It's past 7:30 and I can almost guarantee that you have not eaten dinner yet, am I correct?"

"No, I haven't, but I was just getting ready to go down to the cafeteria to grab a quick sandwich. I still have a couple of hours of work left to do."

"I think that any work that you have can wait until tomorrow. You won't be any good to anyone if you don't eat a proper meal. Would you like to have dinner with me?"

I sat there completely stunned. Did he just ask me to have dinner with him? Of course I wanted to! But, he was my boss, my brand new boss and he had been very clear about his intentions. I didn't want to send the wrong message, so even though I really wanted to have dinner with him I decided it would be best if I didn't.

"I appreciate the invitation but I don't think it would be appropriate." I looked down at my hands which were fumbling with the corner of one of the folders on my desk, unable to look at him.

He let out a soft chuckle. "Appropriate? Elena, you do eat food don't you?"

"Yes, of course."

"I am simply asking you to join me for a meal. I know that you have to be hungry and I am starved, so please join me. I'll expense it and you can fill me in on the new marketing ideas you have been working on."

Well, as long as he put in terms of work I figured there couldn't be any harm in eating with him.

"Okay, I'll grab my notepad."

A tiny smirk touched the corner of his mouth. "Fine, bring your notepad."

We went to a small Italian restaurant clear across town which I thought was a little bit strange.

"This is kind of far Sebastian, is this your favorite restaurant or something?"

"It's one of them, and it's best if we are discreet since you just started in my office. We don't want any rumors flying around, do we?"

Oh, we were in the boonies because he couldn't be seen with me. I didn't like the way that made me feel but I definitely wasn't going to raise a big stink about it and get myself fired. I was hungry and the company was paying so I decided to just let that comment go for the time being.

We made small talk for a couple of minutes and then as we waited for our food to arrive Sebastian wanted to know more about me.

"So, let's get work stuff out of the way. Have you come up with any new ideas for the marketing campaign?"

"Yes, I..." He cut me off as he waved his hand in the air.

"That's all I wanted to know. Now that we have talked about work I can go ahead and expense this meal. So, on to something much more interesting, I know a few things about you from the background check but I want to know more."

His eyes held mine, and the way he said that made my belly flip.

"What would you like to know?"

"Everything. What is your favorite color? What makes you happy? What makes you sad? Where would you like to travel in the world? Where have you traveled in the world? Where do you see yourself in five years? Do you want to get married? Do you want to have a family? Everything, Elena, I want to know everything about you."

My cheeks were burning so I knew they bright red and I hated that I blushed so easily and everyone could see it. I really wanted to pinch myself because it was so hard for me to believe that all of this was actually happening to me. Sitting in this secluded restaurant, across from this gorgeous billionaire was just something that I never in a million years would have imagined could happen to me. I couldn't believe that someone like him wanted to know everything about someone like me. I wasn't putting myself down or anything but I knew that he could have his pick of any woman, and he was choosing to spend time with me and get to know me. It all just seemed too good to be true.

"I can see that my questions may have caught you off guard so let's just start with the first one, what is your favorite color?"

I was totally embarrassed and I looked down at my hands and then slowly looked up at him. "Sebastian, we probably should just stick to talking about work."

He held my gaze as his eyes smoldered. "No, I want to talk about you, we are going to talk about you."

"Do you always get what you want?" I wanted to take the words back the second they rolled off of my tongue. I had to learn how to control my thoughts better!

He seemed amused by my question and I definitely saw a sparkle in his eye as a tiny smirk turned up the corner of his mouth. "I always try." He sat there, holding my gaze, looking at me as if he wanted to devour me and I felt a dull ache in my core as my body responded to him.

I hesitated for just a couple of seconds and then decided to play along. "My favorite color is rose pink. People being kind to one another makes me happy, people being mean to one another makes me sad, I have always wanted to go to Paris, Canada is the most exciting place I've been to so far, and in five years I want to own my own boutique hotel." I looked at him, and caught and held his gaze as I answered the last two questions. "Yes, I want to get married and yes I want a family."

I could see his brain registering what I was saying as I answered his questions, almost as if he was saving the information for a later time and then a grin spread across his face making him look more gorgeous than ever.

"Thank you for answering my questions. From what I know of you so far, I have no doubt that you will get everything that you want."

"And you?"

He looked at me and then down at my br**sts and back up to my eyes. "Oh, I know that I will get everything that I want."

"That is not what I meant, what are your answers to those same questions?"

"You want to know my favorite color?" He seemed completely amused.

I looked at him and smiled, my eyes sparkling as I cocked my head to the side. "Yes, I do."

"Okay, I'll play. My favorite color is blue."

"That's a big shocker, your last name is Blu, so of course that is your favorite color."

"Oh, is that sarcasm I detect in your voice?" He was now thoroughly amused.

"Me? Never." I smiled at him and I couldn't believe that I was flirting with him so openly but I couldn't help myself. He was hot and it was fun. "Next answer please."

He held my gaze and had a serious look on his face. "Being with you makes me happy, being away from you makes me sad."

"You hardly know me."

"It doesn't matter, I like being around you."

I felt really uncomfortable and didn't know what to say so I tried to joke with him a bit. "I'm sure you say that to all of the women you meet."

His face was even more serious now. "No, I don't Elena."

I hesitated before I said anything because I didn't know if I should tell him that I liked being around him too, but I decided against it because I didn't want him to know that I was already hooked. I couldn't help it. I had never felt so attracted to someone so quickly. He had to think that he was still chasing me, right?

"I'm not sure I believe that. Anyway, next answer please." I tried to keep it light and he played along and dropped the serious talk, which was a relief.

"Yes ma'am! Let's see, I have not been to Dubai yet and I have been just about everywhere else. Oh, and I do want to get married one day, I have no desire to be an eternal bachelor."

Everything he was saying to me made me like him even more even though I knew it was probably a bad idea. I could see myself falling hard for him and getting my heart broken into a million pieces but he was like a drug. Here I was with him for just a few minutes and I wanted more time with him.

"And kids, are those in your future?"

A pained expression fell over his face and I could see that I had touched a nerve, but I didn't understand why. Just then the waiter brought our food and interrupted the conversation. He took what seemed like forever to put all of our food on the table and when he finally walked away, Sebastian's phone rang.

He glanced at it and then looked at me with apologetic eyes. "I'm sorry, but I have to take this. I'll be right back, please go ahead and start eating."

He got up and I sat there a little bit confused wondering what that was all about. Why did he look like that when I asked him about having kids? I wanted to ask him more about it but I didn't want to push the issue so I decided that I would wait for him to go back to the question when he came back to the table. If he didn't bring it up, I definitely wasn't going to. I was sure that whatever it was, it would come out eventually.

He came back a few minutes later and looked upset but I could see that he was trying to hide it.

"Is everything okay?"

"It will be. I have to fly to Paris tomorrow so I'll have to have my assistant make changes to my schedule for the next week."

"How long will you be in Paris?"

"I'm not quite sure yet, I have to go take care of something and I don't know how long it will take, probably a few days."

"Oh, well I hope everything will be okay."

He looked at me and smiled. "Thank you, everything will be fine."

We made small talk during dinner and Sebastian didn't bring up the kids issue anymore and neither did I. When we were done eating he sat there looking at me while we waited for the check.

"Would you like to go to dinner with me when I get back from Paris?"

A huge grin spread across my face, I couldn't help it. "I would love to."

He smiled back at me. "Great, as soon as I know when I will be back I will let you know. I hate that I can't give you a firm date but I promise as soon as I know something I will let you know. Please don't think that when I ask you out in the future that it will be like this, because it won't. I'm not the type to string someone along and be vague about when I would like to see them. Normally I like to have everything planned down to the minute, but this is just a rare circumstance. I really want to see you again and I did not want to have to wait until I got back to ask you out."

I smiled at him, feeling like a giddy teenager. I really wasn't used to a man being so open and forthcoming with me about their intentions. Guys I had dated liked to play games and Sebastian definitely did not, and it was a really nice change.

"I'm looking forward to it. I want you to know that I had a really nice time chatting with you tonight and I'm happy that I took a break and decided to have dinner with you. Thank you for asking me."

He winked at me. "Thank you for joining me."

Sebastian took care of the check and we left the restaurant knowing that we would see each other again very soon.

Chapter Six - Getting to Know You

The next week Sebastian returned on Monday and we made plans for Tuesday evening. Work was super busy, working in the corporate office was a completely different world for me, I had more meetings than I had ever had when I was at the hotel, and I loved every single minute of it. Monday night I tried on what I was going to wear to dinner at least five times like a crazy person. I wanted to look perfect for him and I was excited and nervous at the same time. It was so weird to me that we had fallen into this kind of easy relationship so quickly, one that I never saw coming. He told me that we had to remain discreet about us and I agreed, but I knew that I wouldn't put up with being a secret for too long.

I rushed home after work, quickly got ready and ran downstairs to meet the car that was waiting for me. He had a car pick me up at 6:30 that evening and I met him at a restaurant that was, once again, across town. This time it was a seafood restaurant. I stepped out of the car and my black strappy sandals clicked on the pavement as my blue strapless dress flowed in the wind around my knees as I walked into the restaurant. My long waves caressed my arms as the breeze in the doorway blew through my hair. Sebastian was already seated and was waiting for me when I got there. He looked gorgeous in his casual white shirt and black slacks and my belly did a little flip as he smiled at me. Is it possible that he gets even more gorgeous every single time I see him?

He stood up when I walked over to him and kissed me on the cheek. "You look beautiful."

"Thank you." Oh my gosh, I feel like a teenager!

"Were you swamped today?"

"Nothing more than normal, we are doing our best to be over prepared for Brazil in a couple of weeks."

"I have no doubt you'll be ready, I have heard very good things about your ideas Elena, people are impressed."

That made me feel good. "I appreciate the confidence you have in me Sebastian, it means a lot."

"Well, you're proving yourself and I expect perfection so you deserve my confidence."

We ordered our food and the conversation continued to flow.

"Are your brothers perfectionists like you?"

"My brother Shane is the mirror image of me, he works hard, he wants his hotel to be flawless and he knows how to ask for help when he needs it. He is taking over Blu Sierra Chicago in a couple of months and I just know that he will be incredible and take that hotel to a different level."

"You really believe in him, huh?"

"Yeah, he's a great guy, hard worker and just like my mom. I trust him with my life. If he's not sure about something he always asks to make sure that he will be making the right decision. He doesn't just wing it and hope for the best like my brother Spencer."

I could see that he was irritated when he said Spencer's name and I was curious to find out why.

"It seems kind of obvious that you are closest to Shane, so what's the deal with you and Spencer? Do you guys not get along?"

"Spencer is family and I love him and will be there if he really needs something but I do not like him as a person. We don't have any kind of relationship outside of work and I prefer it that way."

"Why?"

"Four years ago I was engaged to someone and a month before we were supposed to get married I found Spencer in bed with her. All our lives he has been competing with me and that was the final straw. He wanted what I had and he basically took it, so I can't trust him. He has always been like that since we were kids."

"Why do you think he's like that?"

"I'm not sure, he's been a screw-up all of his life, from getting kicked out of prep schools to countless run-ins with the cops. My dad was always calling in favors for him because he always got in trouble. Honestly, I think he has been looking for our father's approval and he just hasn't been able to get it. Dad is pretty vocal about how he feels about each one of us, Spencer is at the bottom of the list and I am at the top. I think it's because I am the first born, I always succeeded and did what I was supposed to do, I didn't challenge authority and I have been so successful with the hotel that that makes my dad proud. Spencer has always been the black sheep, irresponsible and lazy. Blu Sierra New York would have failed if dad and I hadn't stepped in to save it. We gave Spencer an ultimatum that he would lose his job and every cent of his trust fund if he didn't get his act together. That was two years ago and he has been doing well with the hotel ever since."

"Wow, I didn't expect you to say that, Spencer sounds like a handful. What happened with him and the girl? Are they still together?"

"No, he dumped her after we broke up. I think his goal was to ruin my life but I realized that's what he wanted and I didn't give him the satisfaction."

"But Sebastian, it had to hurt when you found your fiance in bed with your brother. How did you get over it?"

"My mom was really there for me, so was Shane and my friends. I decided that she wasn't the right person for me because someone who really loves me would not do that to me. So in the end I know that I'm better off without her and I am happy that I didn't marry her. I also decided at the time that I didn't want to settle down with anyone and I just wanted to go out and date around, and that's what I did. When I met you, you changed everything for me. I can't explain it, but the second I saw you I was intrigued, and then I learned more about you and wanted to know even more."

"What are you saying? You're not the playboy you were just a few weeks ago?" I was half joking, half not.

He looked at me and held my gaze. "That's exactly what I'm saying."

Thankfully our food arrived at that moment because I was completely tongue-tied and didn't know what to say to him for a few seconds. Was he telling me that meeting me changed him and he only wanted to be with one woman? That was crazy, he had known me for less than one month!

"If you're feeling this way, why can't anyone know that we're dating?"

"Are we dating?" An amused grin turned up his mouth.

I raised an eyebrow at him. "Are we playing games?"

He became serious. "No, we're not and yes, we are dating. Elena, you have to understand that my life is very complicated and I am under constant scrutiny by the paparazzi. If word gets out that I have a girlfriend, they will be all over you and your life will never been the same. If no one knows about us yet, you and I can still have privacy without having to worry about our every move being followed. I don't mean to sound arrogant, but haven't you seen the covers of all of the lifestyle and tabloid magazines?"

"Yes, you're always on them as one of the top 10 most eligible bachelors in the country."

"Exactly, if they see us together things will get really hectic."

I looked at him and cocked my head slightly to the side, studying him. "There's something else isn't there?"

He hesitated and then answered me. "Yes, there is, but I can't explain that part just yet."

I open my mouth to protest and he stopped me before I could say anything. "Please, Elena, you have to trust me on this. I will tell you everything when the time is right."

I wasn't happy about it but I decided to trust him and wait for him to share whatever it was he still had to tell me.

"Okay."

We finished eating and he rode with me in the car to my apartment building instead of taking his own car. The driver waited as Sebastian walked me to my front door.

He walked me inside to the small hallway that led to the elevator bank, stopped, leaned against the wall, put his hand in his pocket and looked at me. He reached out and smoothed the hair out of my eye and smiled at me.

"I had a wonderful time tonight, Elena."

"So did I, thank you for dinner."

"When can I see you again?"

I smiled at him. "You'll see me in the office tomorrow."

He chuckled as his eyes searched mine. "Okay smarty-pants, I meant when can I take you out again?"

"I am having dinner with my girlfriend Friday night but I am free Saturday."

Hey look upset and shifted on his feet. "Unfortunately, I will be out of the country this weekend, I have to go to Paris."

"Oh, okay well how about one night next week?"

"Okay, I will be back on Monday so how about next Wednesday?"

"Wednesday sounds great."

"Good." He looked down at my lips and then back up to my eyes and gave me a small smile. He leaned down to me and my heart was pounding as he laced his fingers through my hair, pulling my lips closer to his. His lips were so soft as they touched mine and he slid his other hand in my hair as he deepened our kiss. His tongue slid over mine and it was easily the best kiss I had ever had. My hands came up under his arms and lightly held onto his elbows as our tongues explored and tasted each other. He broke away slowly after a couple of minutes and his eyes were glazed over with lust as they searched mine.

"You are going to be trouble for me Elena Sumner, and I like it. I better say goodnight to you before I won't be able to leave."

I was a bit out of breath and I smiled at him. "That's probably a good idea."

"See you tomorrow."

I was on cloud nine as I walked to my mailbox to check my mail and I didn't even notice the letter until I was in my apartment. I dropped my bag on the floor and plopped down on my couch with a huge silly grin on my face as I thought about the kiss with Sebastian. I absentmindedly rifled through my mail and my heart nearly stopped when my eyes landed upon the handwriting that I would recognize anywhere. I was confused because this was not a letter from the prison, this was a letter with no return address but it was definitely Brian's handwriting. My hands were shaking as I tore open the envelope and staring back at me were three simple words: 'See you soon'."

A chill tore through me as I tried to figure out what that meant. Was he out and they forgot to notify me? How did he send me a letter without sending it through the prison system first? Brian wasn't scheduled to be released for a few more years so it was freaking me out that he said he would see me soon. I tried to push it out of my head because he always tried to get to me and years of therapy had taught me to not let him have control over me. I put the letter in the box with all of his other letters and shoved it in the back of my closet. Brian was a part of my past and I wouldn't let him be a part of my future.

As I got ready for bed I thought about what a good time I had with Sebastian that night and how much I was looking forward to going out with him again. Brian was a distant thought as I drifted off to sleep.

Chapter Seven - Sao Paulo Part One

The next week Sebastian called me from Paris to tell me that we were leaving for Sao Paulo sooner than originally planned, he sounded distant and he didn't mention our date at all. I instantly worried that during our time apart he'd had time to think and decided that he didn't want to date me. The trip was huge so I had to push my concerns about Sebastian out of my head and I had to remind myself that this was an important business trip. I didn't have time to worry about him and the more I thought about it the more I kicked myself for even thinking that he would really like someone like me. He was coming back from Paris that Tuesday and we were going to have a staff meeting to go over last minute details for Blu Sierra Sao Paulo. As much as I shouldn't have, I wondered how things would be between us when he returned.

Monday morning we gathered in the conference room. "Alright everyone, great job today. For those of you going to Brazil, that's you Elena, Mark and Carol, your assistants have already arranged your travel and your itinerary should be in your inbox when you got back to your desk. This was a great meeting today, let's keep up the good work. Now, back to work everyone."

We all got up to leave and Sebastian asked me to stay behind for a minute. I felt a little bit awkward because I thought I saw a few raised eyebrows and I didn't want people starting rumors. Once everyone left he turned to me and crossed his arms as he leaned against he conference table. The butterflies went crazy in my belly. Was he going to tell me how much he missed me?

"Fantastic job today Elena, exactly the kind of fire we were looking for. I feel very confident that we will have superb results with Blu Sierra Sao Paulo. I also wanted to let you know that you will be flying with me on the private jet to Brazil on Wednesday."

Nope, nothing about missing me. Wait, what? Did he just say private jet? Okay, seriously, this is not my life.

"Do you really think it's a good idea that I fly with you? Won't people talk?"

He looked at me and I could see the lust brimming in his eyes.

"I want to spend time alone with you, Elena, so you're flying with me. No one will know."

So he did miss me.

The butterflies decided at that moment that they wanted to dance the rumba in my belly. I hated to admit it but each time I saw him I didn't want to resist him. I decided not to fight him on this one because who would turn down the opportunity to fly on a private jet?

"Okay." I barely recognized my own soft voice. I started to ask him how his trip was but I was cut off.

He smiled at me and then looked at his watch. "That is all Elena. A car will pick you up Wednesday morning to take you to the airport and I will see you there."

Okay, why is he being so cold and weird?

I was a bit taken aback by the abrupt dismissal but I just picked up my things and left the conference room. I went back to my office and sat at my desk and took a deep breath as I looked around the room and thought about how much my life had already changed in a few weeks. I was really looking forward to going to Brazil but since things were weird between us I didn't know what to expect. The Sebastian that was in the office that day was not the same Sebastian that I had an incredible date with the week before. If this was what it was like to date this billionaire, I was not interested. I thought he didn't play games, but I guess I thought wrong.

When I got home that night I packed for the trip and I was having a tough time trying to decide what to take with me. Sebastian said we were going to be there for seven days and that I would need at least two nice dresses because we were going to entertain clients Friday and Saturday night. Even though we weren't leaving until Wednesday, I didn't want to wait until the last minute to pack so I was completely done by the time I went to bed.

Tuesday flew by for me and it was time to go home before I knew it. Bev had taken care of everything for me so all I had to do was meet the car in front of my building the next morning to go to the airport. Sebastian was leaving the office at the exact same time I walked out of my office so we ended up riding the elevator down to the first floor together.

"Are you all packed for tomorrow?"

We were the only two in the elevator so I was grateful to have a bit of privacy. Maybe he would warm up to me again since we were alone.

"Yes, I am all packed. Are you?"

He raised an eyebrow at me, I could see the surprise on his face and I doubted that anyone had ever questioned him about being ready for anything. He had a small smirk on his face as he answered me.

"Yes, as a matter of fact I am packed also. Did you remember to include something to wear the two nights we will be entertaining clients?"

"Yes, and I hope that they are appropriate."

"I will let you know when you model them for me on the airplane and if they are not what I had in mind, I will have dresses sent over to the hotel for you from one of my favorite boutiques. Don't forget to pack them in your carry-on luggage."

"Sebastian, I am afraid I will not be able to afford to buy new dresses while on this trip so hopefully what I packed will be good enough. I am on a budget and I am saving every penny that I can."

He sighed and almost looked offended as his eyes searched mine. "I would never expect for you to pay for anything on a business trip Elena so, like I said, if I don't like what I see I will arrange to have dresses sent over for you. Please just accept the gesture, there is no hidden meaning behind it."

When the elevator opened on the first floor, Sebastian barely looked at me as he said goodnight and walked out of the building. I stood in the lobby worried, once again, that I had pissed him off. I wanted to kick myself over what I had said and I wished so badly that I could take it back. Oh well, there was nothing that I could do about it then so I did my best to push the whole elevator ride out of my mind and I went home.

The next morning as I got ready to leave, I made sure I had my passport because that would be a huge nightmare if I left that behind. The only reason I had a valid passport was because I studied in France for a semester my junior year of college. The car picked me up right on time and dropped me off in a section of the airport I had never been to. I was the first to arrive so I checked in and I waited inside the private jet terminal for Sebastian. I was reading a magazine when I heard footsteps getting closer to me. I looked up to see Sebastian, walking toward me and he looked like a male model plucked right of a magazine. He was wearing beautifully tailored tan pants, a casual white linen shirt and sunglasses. The white shirt complimented his olive skin and I was literally speechless, as he got closer to me.

"Good morning Elena, the plane is ready for us, shall we go?"

He was still cold and very formal with me. This sucks.

We walked out onto the tarmac and boarded the plane that said Blu Sierra Hotels on the side in big blue letters and I wanted to pinch myself to make sure it was real. The plane was super plush inside and it looked like it could seat eight people. It had a couple of bedrooms and a small conference area and had the signature crystal vases on the table. Sebastian and I were the only people on board aside from a flight attendant and the two pilots. The flight attendant directed to my seat and Sebastian sat directly across from me, facing me.

He took off his sunglasses and gave me a slow once over and I was hoping I looked okay. I thought that my black pants and light pink short-sleeved button down shirt was an appropriate outfit for the flight because it wasn't too casual or revealing.

"Elena, you look...comfortable."

Well we are going to be on a long flight, why wouldn't I wear comfortable clothes?

"Thank you, I think."

He pulled out his newspaper, slipped on reading glasses and peered over the top of the paper at me and held my gaze.

"That wasn't an insult, it's just that your clothes don't suit your figure."

I could feel my cheeks getting warm and wished so badly that I could control that. I was a bit annoyed at being given the once over like I was a piece of cattle so I decided to say something. He might be my boss, but I was not going to let him insult the only clothes I could afford. If I had his bank account my clothing would be beyond gorgeous.

"This is what I can afford right now and I happen to think it is a very nice business casual ensemble."

He put the paper down, crossed his legs, took off his glasses, his gorgeous dark eyes held my gaze and he did not speak to me for a full minute. I wished that at that moment I could duck and hide from his imposing stare because I appeared to have irritated him.

"When we get to Sao Paolo, I am going to have a personal shopper stop by to see you to select more suitable clothing for you for this business trip."

"That is not necessary." Defiance dripped from my words, I wasn't some charity case. I was making pretty good money in that new position and I would be able to buy a few nicer things in a couple of months. Until then, I thought I looked perfectly fine.

He gave me a stern look and I knew not to say anything. "There is no room for negotiation on this Elena." He put his glasses back on and continued to read the paper.

Okay, I guess he had the final word on that. I told myself that I would pay back every penny he spent on the clothes, but I would quickly find out that the clothes that were going to be selected for me cost more than I would make in five years in my new position.

I pulled out the book I was reading and immersed myself in the story, hoping it would make the time pass more quickly. Sebastian clearly was not interested in me anymore so I needed something to distract me from the ache I was feeling in my heart. About an hour later Sebastian finished his paper and I could feel his eyes on me after he put the paper away. I raised my eyes to his and he just about took my breath away. The man was simply beautiful.

"I'd like to see the dresses you're going to wear. Did you remember to pack them in your carry-on?"

I felt nervous butterflies flutter in my belly.

"Yes."

"Go try them on, please."

He was serious about that?

"You can change in the bedroom behind you."

"Sebastian..." I wanted to tell him how uncomfortable I felt but there was a part of me that was excited about flaunting my figure in front of that gorgeous man.

"Elena." His voice was firm so I did as I was told.

When I emerged from the bedroom I was wearing a simple but pretty black form fitting long black sleeveless dress. My br**sts were pretty ample and the dress hugged the silhouette of my curves perfectly. I could see the appreciation in Sebastian's eyes turn to lust as they traveled the entire length of me.

"Your figure is incredible, very sexy. That dress does not do you justice. Let me see the next one."

The next dress was a bit more conservative and it had a zipper in the back that I would need help with. I was planning to ask Carol to help me with the zipper the night I was going to wear it but now I would have to ask Sebastian. The dress was a simple, red, knee length cocktail dress but it was pretty, or at least I thought it was. It also hugged my curves perfectly and had a v-neck which showed just a hint of cle**age. I walked out holding the back closed with my right hand and stood in front of Sebastian. I was nearly shaking with anticipation as I asked him the question.

"Will you please help me with the zipper?"

I saw a gleam in his eyes as he stood and told me to turn around. His fingers lightly grazed my skin as he zipped me up and then I felt his hand rest gently on the back of my neck. My breaths were short as my heart began to race from his touch. He began to lightly stroke the back of my neck and I wanted to just lean back into him and feel his arms wrap around my waist. His hand moved from my neck, gently slid down my arm to my wrist and he slowly turned me around. Lust was brimming in his eyes as they perused my body. He leaned in close to me, my heart thumped against my chest and I just knew that he was going to kiss me. He moved my hair behind my shoulder, grazing my skin as he did so, causing it to tingle.

"The dresses don't do you justice." He then took a step back and I was left practically panting for him, craving his kiss. "Clarissa, the personal shopper will meet you in your room this evening, I'll have Bev make the arrangements."

We were scheduled to arrive at 6:00 p.m. and Sebastian told me that we were meeting the others at 7:30 for a quick dinner. The personal shopper was meeting me in my room at 9:00.

"Isn't that kind of late?"

"No, it shouldn't take long, just tell her what you like and she will be able to do the rest. You'll have the clothes by Thursday afternoon, plenty of time for you to choose something to wear to the client dinner. You can change back into your comfortable clothes now. If you turn around I will unzip you."

I turned around and his fingers slid along my bare skin all the way to the bottom of the zipper, once again causing it to tingle. His teasing was driving me crazy, in a good way, and I found myself feeling more turned on than I had ever been in my life.

I had to get my feelings under control because this was just the beginning of the trip. I was going to be with him for quite a few days so I had to push any attraction I had for him out of my mind, especially since it was clear to me that he was playing games. I mean, what was that? Touching me like that, making my skin tingle? But acting so cold toward me? It was almost like the date the week before never happened.

As I went to change back into my casual clothes, my mind wandered to his touch. I was weak. Instead of telling myself to avoid letting that happen again, I was telling myself that I couldn't wait until it happened again.

I returned to my seat and Sebastian was watching my every move, his eyes never leaving mine. I had to say something because his intensity nearly made me unable to think straight. I had never had such an intense reaction to a guy before and while I was usually the one I control because guys always fawned all over me, this time everything was different. Sebastian Blu was getting to me and I didn't know how to stop it, or if I even wanted to. But this whole staring thing and making me want to drop my panties for him, had to stop.

"Sebastian, I find it very hard to concentrate when you look at me like that."

"When I look at you like what, exactly? I've missed you." I couldn't tell if he was being sincere or just playing with my emotions.

"You have a very seductive look on your face. You've missed me? Why have you been acting so cold toward me?" I could barely look at him as I said it.

He suddenly became very serious as his eyes searched mine. "Elena, I'm sorry if it seems that way. Paris was a lot more difficult than I anticipated and I have issues there that I need to resolve, but it will take a while. I hope you know that I had a wonderful time with you last week and I am looking forward to another date. I'm just a little pre-occupied with personal things right now. I didn't expect to meet you and I wish I had met you after all of this was resolved." His words trailed off as he looked out the window and he had a definite pained expression on his face.

What was going on in Paris that made him so upset?

He looked back at me and gave me a small smile. "Just know that when you see me looking at you like this, what you are seeing is very simple, a man admiring a beautiful woman. You say this is a seductive look, but Elena, when I decide to seduce you, you'll know."

I was completely tongue-tied when he said that. What could I say to that? A wave of giddiness washed over me and I felt like a teenager. He still likes me! This was so not part of my plan. Here I was falling head over heels super fast for this guy and I wanted to let all self-control fly out the window. While my head was trying to protest, my body was betraying me. My core began to gently throb as I thought about what it would feel like to have him kiss every inch of my body. He was so sexy and masculine, I just knew that he knew how to devour a woman's body and I couldn't wait to let him devour mine.

"Did your mind wander off somewhere, Elena?" A sly smirk turned up the corner of his mouth and I was completely mortified at the thought of him being able to tell what I was thinking.

I was totally embarrassed and prayed that my flushed cheeks didn't give away my thoughts. What is wrong with you, Elena? He is your boss! I stretched my lips across my teeth in what I can only assume was a pathetic attempt at a smile and tried to appear unfazed by his question.

"What? Oh, just thinking about work." And you running your tongue all over my...stop it!

"Work? Is that what they're calling it these days?" That smirk was infuriating.

I looked him square in the eye and tried not to waver. "Yes, work. Speaking of which, I am going to take a look at some files. Did you need anything else?"

He seemed totally amused as the smirk had turned into a full blown grin. "Not right now. I'll let you now when it's time."

Time? "Time for what?"

His eyes smoldered as they fell to my lips. "Time for us."

Now my cheeks were burning and I averted my eyes so that he could not see into my soul and know that I wanted him. I had to keep that to myself for a little while longer, I couldn't let him complete control, not yet.

I immersed myself in the files for an hour and then it was time for lunch. The flight attendant served us a meal that could have rivaled a five star restaurant. The rich really do have it good. When we were done eating Sebastian told me a bit more about what we were going to do while in Sao Paulo.

"Sophia Hudson, the global chair of creative strategy in our in-house public relations firm will be joining us. I would really like for you two to work together this week and come up with some sort of joint strategy to get the word out, and clients in, Blu Sierra Sao Paulo. She will join us on Friday so you should spend the majority of the day with her."

"Okay, I'm sure that we can come up with quite a few ideas."

He went back to checking email on his iPad and I jotted down ideas to share with Sophia when I met her on Friday. We were about an hour away from Sao Paulo when my mind wandered to Sebastian's touch and I remembered that he had a date for the gala and she clearly did not appreciate the attention he gave me. Was he the type who liked to cheat? I wanted to know who she was.

"Sebastian?"

He stopped what he was doing and looked up at me. "Yes?"

"Who was the woman that you were with the night of the gala?"

He seemed completely caught off guard by my question and I could see in his eyes that he did not really want to answer me.

"That was Sophia."

"Sophia, the PR exec?"

"Yes."

So he did like to mix business with pleasure, well that sucks. Now I had to work with the woman who was staring daggers at me that night.

"Why are you asking me out if you have a girlfriend Sebastian? I am not the type of person who goes after other women's men."

He raised his eyebrows. "Oh, are you coming after me?" There was that sexy smirk again.

I shifted in my seat completely flustered that I had let the words come out of my mouth the way that they did.

"I didn't mean it that way. Look, if you want to cheat on your girlfriend you're going to have to look elsewhere. I have no interest in being a part of that."

A deep sigh escaped his lips as he peered at me over the top of his glasses and then removed them.

"Elena." His voice was pure seduction. "Sophia is not my girlfriend, she was at my table because she's the global head of PR. We were not there together."

I narrowed my eyes at him trying to decide if I should believe him. "She looked awfully upset when I came over to introduce myself."

"That is probably because she knows that I like beautiful women and you are exquisite." His sexy, little smile wasn't going to derail my questions.

"No, there was something more there Sebastian. If I'm supposed to work with her please tell me if there is anything I should know."

He has hesitated once again and then told me something that I did not want to hear. "Sophia is protective of me and can sometimes go overboard, but it comes from a good place."

I was not stupid, I knew that there had to be something else. A woman is not possessive of a man for no reason so I raised my eyebrows at him, crossed my arms and waited for the rest.

"Sophia is my ex, it was over three years ago and it took time for her to accept that the relationship was over. But she finally did and she has been dating someone for nearly 2 years."

"Where was her date that night?"

"He was in Los Angeles on business. Is there anything else you would like to know?"

"Yes, did you start dating her before or after she joined the company?"

"She has been working for us for nearly 10 years, so it was well after she started with the company."

"I'm assuming the hotel doesn't have a policy forbidding co-workers to date each other?"

He looked directly at me, his eyes holding mine. "No, we don't."

I was really uneasy with the way that I found out this information about Sophia and, at first, I thought he should have told me from the beginning that I would be working with his ex-girlfriend. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that this wealthy billionaire did not owe me anything. I didn't want to make a huge issue out of it, especially because I felt like I had nearly crossed the line with my questions so I decided to just drop it.

"We're starting to descend so you should put your things away Elena."

As I powered down my laptop I started to feel giddy about seeing Sao Paulo for the first time but the thought of having to work with Sebastian's ex-girlfriend was leaving a bitter taste in my mouth. I was sure she was going to be pissed that I was the person she had to work with, given the way daggers flew from her eyes when she saw me the night of the gala. The wheels of the plane touched the ground and I couldn't wait to get the initial meeting with her over with.

Chapter Eight - Sao Paulo Part 2

As we rode in the car to the hotel, I noticed that Sao Paulo was not what I expected at all. I thought I would see a vibrant, thriving city but instead I was met with gray buildings in all shapes and sizes, high density living, horrendous traffic, iron gates and electric fences surrounded even the most modest homes. I knew that crime was prevalent in Sao Paulo but once I was there, I could see that the people were truly concerned about it. Even the people I saw walking on the street were much more conservative than I thought they would be, wearing modest clothes and little to no jewelry. As the biggest and most cosmopolitan city in Brazil, it just was not what I expected. I had to admit I was a little bit disappointed and it must have been obvious because Sebastian asked me if something was wrong.

I looked at him and decided to tell him the truth. "I guess I had this pre-conceived idea of what Sao Paulo would be like and it is very different."

He cracked a small smile and a knowing look fell over his face. "Oh, you're not the first person to say that. Trust me, Sao Paulo is a beautiful city and you will have a chance to see that later today." He waved his hand around at the buildings. "This is only one part of Sao Paulo, I will show you many other sides and you will not be disappointed."

His words made me feel a bit better so I sat back and relaxed as I took in all of the scenery on our drive to the hotel. We rode in silence as Sebastian checked email and I checked out the city. When we arrived at the hotel two men immediately surrounded us and Sebastian told me they were his bodyguards.

"They will be with us the entire time we are here so don't be alarmed if you notice them every day. Having bodyguards is one of the things that I have learned to live with, you'll get used to it."

"Why do you need them? Is it that dangerous here?" I was starting to feel nervous about being in a foreign country.

"No, they are not with me because I am in Sao Paulo, they are with me everywhere I go. There have been a couple of kidnapping attempts on my family in the past so we all have bodyguards. You might not always see them, but they are always there. I see that look of fear on your face but trust me Elena, you're not in any danger. You will always be safe when you are with me."

The bodyguard thing freaked me out a little bit because it never occurred to me that they would be necessary, and why would it? I didn't live in a world where I was so rich that I had to have constant protection. But Sebastian's words telling me I would be safe put me at ease. I was beginning to feel extremely comfortable and natural around him and it was a good feeling.

I was blown away by how beautiful the hotel was and I felt like I was in a completely different city than the one I had just driven through. The hotel was a five star hotel and sat behind what had to be gates that were at least 20 feet tall, and there were two security guards standing by the doors. Once we entered the lobby I was blown away by how elegant it was. It was extremely ornate but not in a gaudy way, and the signature crystal vases filled with beautiful fresh flowers were on display everywhere.

The concierge staff nearly broke their necks to get to Sebastian and me to make sure that we had everything we needed. I had never been fussed over like that in my life, but I had to admit that I kind of liked feeling special. We were escorted to our rooms and I just assumed that I would be far away from Sebastian and he would have a gorgeous penthouse suite or something since he was the owner of the hotel. When we didn't go up on separate elevators I just thought that they were making sure the boss was taken care of first, so when we got to his door on the top floor I casually leaned against the wall fully expecting to be asked to wait outside while they made sure Sebastian was settled.

Sebastian waited for me to enter the room first and I was totally confused. Does he want me to see his room or something?

"What do you think?"

What did I think? The room was enormous and stunning and I wished that I was going to be staying in a room like that. The super rich really did have a chance to live like no one else in the world. We walked around the room and the concierge pointed out all of the amenities and little extras and I was hoping I would be shown to my room soon because I was exhausted.

"Is everything to your liking miss?" The concierge had a friendly smile on his face but I was baffled by his question. I stood there looking like what I had to assume was a complete idiot because my brain did not want to allow words to come to my mouth to answer him.

"Elena? Is something wrong? Do you not like the room?"

I turned toward Sebastian's concerned voice and I glanced at the concierge who looked extremely worried and all I could think was "why do they care what I think about the room"? Say something Elena!

"Your room is beautiful, Sebastian. I'm assuming my room is on one of the lower floors?"

He casually put his hands in his pants pockets and smiled at me, amusement written all over his face.

"This is your room."

What? I slowly looked around the room taking it all in and it just did not make sense. I shook my head silently for a few seconds before I managed to get the words out.

"No, there must be some mistake. Isn't this the top floor?"

"Yes." His eyes sparkled as he continued to watch my reaction.

"So this is the penthouse?" I sounded like an idiot. Nice Elena, way to show how smart you are.

"Yes, and this is your room."

"If this is my room, where is your room?" I blurted the words out instantly regretting them. He didn't have to tell me anything; it was none of my business where his room was.

He pointed to a door in the corner of the room. "My room is right through that door."

What was that? Adjoining rooms? I felt like I needed a drink.

"So we have adjoining rooms?" My voice was suddenly very small.

"Yes, is that a problem?" He raised his eyebrows at me waiting for my answer, daring me to say it was a problem.

"Not at all."

He smiled at me and gave the concierge a tip and thanked him for his service and he left. He closed the door behind him and Sebastian and I were left alone standing in the middle of the room, his eyes slowly roamed over my body and then settled in my eyes.

"Are you hungry?"

"Yes." My mouth was suddenly very dry.

"Me too, dinner is in an hour. You can wear the black dress you tried on for me, that should be good enough for now. You can donate it to charity after Clarissa provides you with new clothes."

I did need new work clothes since I no longer wore a uniform and I couldn't afford to buy anything new just yet. Hopefully the pieces she gave me would be enough where I could mix and match them to help stretch the few business clothes I did have. Donate that dress to charity? I couldn't do that because I still needed the dress. It was one of very few nice dresses that I owned and just because Sebastian didn't like it, didn't mean I was going to get rid of it. When I had the kind of money he did, maybe I would have the luxury of donating my nice clothes to charity. Nice clothes in my opinion, anyway.

He turned to walk toward the adjoining door and my questions stopped him in his tracks.

"Sebastian, why do we have adjoining rooms? Won't the others gossip about that?"

He turned around to face me and slowly walked over to me. He stopped about six inches away from me, totally all up in my personal space, and gently put a finger under my chin lifting my eyes to his.

"We have adjoining rooms because we are going to be together during this trip, Elena. You know that I want you and I can't wait much longer. The others won't know because we won't tell them. I'll meet you in the lobby for dinner in an hour."

With that, he turned and walked to the door and entered his room, closing the door behind him.

I was in complete shock with everything that had just happened. I was not going to be able to take too many more surprises because the last few weeks had completely changed my life and I was surprised that I hadn't fainted or passed out from the excitement. The hard worker in me was offended that Sebastian arranged for us to have adjoining rooms. It was arrogant and pompous of him to assume that I would sleep with him at all, especially since he was my boss. But the woman in me was craving his touch and I couldn't wait to feel him kiss me and touch me everywhere. I got lost in my daydream and a loud bird outside snapped me back to reality. I didn't have a lot of time to get ready so it was time to rush. I hopped in the shower, got dressed quickly and threw on a bit of lipstick before leaving my room at exactly 6:57 to meet everyone in the lobby.

Chapter Nine - Sao Paulo Part 3

When I walked off of the elevator into the lobby Mark and Carol were already sitting on the white couch waiting for everyone else to arrive.

"Hi guys, how was your flight?"

"It was surprisingly smooth, no turbulence at all. We thought you might have missed your flight because we didn't see you on board. Did you take an earlier flight?" Carol's question was innocent but I instantly felt nervous because they were not supposed to know about Sebastian and me and there was no way that I was going to tell them I flew private with the boss. Thankfully just as I was about to answer them I heard Sebastian's voice behind me.

"I see we're all here."

"Sophia is not he...". As I turned to remind Sebastian that we needed to wait for Sophia, I was shocked into silence by the sight of her arm linked through his as they approached us. She gave me a withering look and then smiled sweetly at Carol and Mark.

Great. Not a good way to start this trip if she can barely look at me. I had dealt with women like her before many times and it always pissed me off how catty they could be. I never understood why women couldn't support each other instead of being petty and jealous. Sophia was a beautiful woman but I knew the minute she saw me at the gala that she wouldn't like me because she seemed to still have a thing for Sebastian, and Sebastian definitely had a thing for me.

Sebastian looked at me with no expression as Sophia clung to his arm and that pissed me off.

"Sophia, this is Elena Sumner, our new VP of marketing, Elena this is Sophia Hudson, our PR global chair of creative strategy."

I did my best to give her a genuine smile but it was difficult with the daggers that I had to dodge which flew out of her eyes at me. Does anyone see the way this girl is looking at me? I'm going to be the bigger person here.

"It is so nice to meet you Sophia, I hear that we are going to be working together and I am really looking forward to collaborating with you on new strategies for the hotel."

"It's nice to meet you as well Elena, I think I have it all figured out but I'll give you a minute and listen to your little ideas, I guess."

I was totally stunned that she said that in front of everyone, including Sebastian. I glanced at Carol and Mark who quickly looked at the floor when our eyes met and then I looked at Sebastian. He was checking his phone and was completely oblivious to what Sophia had just said to me. He must have felt me staring at him because he glanced up from his phone and I was sure he could see the look of astonishment on my face because he furrowed his brow and then glanced at everyone else.

"What did I miss?"

"Oh nothing, Elena and I were just discussing when we might be able to get together to discuss strategy."

She gave me a sly smirk that I wanted to slap right off of her face. I decided not to let her get away with the lie and I held her gaze as the words rolled off my tongue.

"Actually Sophia, that is not what we were discussing. I told you that I was looking forward to working with you and you said that you had it covered but you would give me a minute and would listen to my ideas. Little ideas, were your exact words."

Her face was beet red and I savored every minute of it. I was not going to let her disrespect me and treat me like I was an idiot. I earned my position and I wanted my ideas to be acknowledged along with hers. She was not going to take credit for everything we did that week.

Sebastian stepped away from Sophia and put his hands in his pockets as he held her gaze, completely annoyed.

"Sophia, I want you two to work together this week, I mean it, together. There is plenty of room for everyone's ideas and we only hire the best people to come up with those ideas. I always believe that two heads are better than one, so I expect you to work with Elena. Understood?" His words were firm and even.

I could tell that she was completely embarrassed and she looked at the ground as she answered him. "Yes."

"Good, let's go eat." Sebastian and Sophia started walking toward the restaurant and Mark, Carol and I followed behind them.

Mark and Carol looked totally shocked but gave me a small smile behind Sophia's back and didn't say a word as we all walked into the restaurant. Dinner was pretty uneventful and Sophia seemed to be pouting through the whole thing, which was really annoying. Sebastian laid out an abbreviated version of the plan for the week and Sunday would be our only day off. We were going back to the States the following Tuesday morning. After dinner Sebastian told us all that he would see us the next morning at 8:30 sharp in the main conference room in the hotel. Everything had been set up for us in anticipation of our arrival so we would all have computers and workstations in the room.

When he left the restaurant I wondered where he was going but I had to push that thought out of my mind because it was almost 9:00 and Clarissa would be meeting me in my room. Mark and Carol were sipping coffee and Sophia was sipping her martini when I said goodnight to everyone. I was almost to the elevator when I heard the loud, clicking heels behind me getting closer. Now what. I stopped and turned to see Sophia's green eyes glaring at me and I braced myself.

"Elena, why did you do that earlier?"

"Do what?" An exasperated sigh escaped my lips because I didn't have the patience for her issues.

She narrowed her eyes at me as the blood rushed to her cheeks. I had never noticed how many lines she had around her eyes. When I first saw her at the gala I thought she was probably my age, but when I looked closely she had to have been at least 30. Her dislike of me was starting to make more sense. She still had the hots for Sebastian and he was interested in the younger, fresher version. I wanted to tell her that jealousy was not a good look for her but I didn't care enough to even waste my breath. I didn't have time for her petty jealousy.

"Call me out in front of Sebastian! I think that you need to learn what your place is Elena. I can make life very difficult for you at the company and I don't think you want that."

She had a lot of nerve, but it didn't faze me as I narrowed my eyes at her. "Are you threatening me?"

She sneered at me as her green eyes became tiny slits. "You say threaten, I say informing. Don't step out of line again."

I wasn't scared of that bitch. I took a giant step toward her and was about two inches from her face when I lowered my voice to a sharp whisper. "I'm here to do a job and no one is going to get in the way of what I came to do, not even you. You can take your little threat and shove it up your ass!"

I took a step back from her and smoothed the front of my dress and gave her a saccharin filled smile. "I look forward to working with you tomorrow and I can't wait to show Sebastian our work. Have a nice night." She stood there stunned as I turned and went to the elevator. I didn't even look back at her as the elevator opened and then closed behind me.

I was not the type of girl who was intimidated by other women, I never had been and I wasn't about to start then. I was ready to get to work on brainstorming new strategies and it was important to me that Sebastian could see what I was capable of. I wanted him to be confidant in his choice of me as the new VP of Marketing. I would do everything without Sophia if I had to, even if it meant staying up all night, every night I was in Sao Paulo. I was still fuming when I went to my room but I was able to let it go when I saw an impeccably dressed woman waiting for me outside my door.

"You must be Clarissa, I'm Elena Sumner and I am so sorry to have kept you waiting."

She turned and smiled at me. "I just arrived so you have nothing to apologize for. I'm sure that you must be exhausted after the long day that you've had so we can make this meeting really quick."

I liked the sound of that. We walked into my suite and sat on the couch and chatted about the types of clothes that I liked.

"Who are your favorite designers Elena?"

"Um, whoever TJMaxx has on clearance?"

Her mouth turned up in amusement and she put her pen down and looked at me. "Tell me what kinds of clothes catch your eye when you see something on someone walking down the street."

"I like simple dresses that are figure flattering, pants that are comfortable yet flattering, and I like bright colors along with basic black pieces."

"Okay, that gives me a general idea of what to pull for you, and what about the style of dresses? Do you prefer a dress with sleeves or without sleeves?"

"I really don't have a preference, I like all kinds of dresses."

"Okay, that makes things kind of easy for me."

We talked for a little bit longer and she took a few notes and I gave her my clothing size and my shoe size and we were able to wrap up the meeting in about an hour. She told me that I would have clothes delivered the following day and to pick out what I wanted and put aside what I did not want and it would all be taken care of for me. I did have a girly side so I had to admit that I was excited about getting new shoes and clothes the next day. The last time I went shopping was a couple of months before and I think I bought one dress and that's it.

It was a little bit after 10 o'clock and I was totally exhausted so I got ready for bed, climbed under the covers and thought about the whirlwind day I had just had. My mind drifted to Sebastian's soft touch as he unzipped my dress and I couldn't wait to feel his touch again. I turned on my side in frustration, annoyed that the most gorgeous man I had ever met, who I could not stop thinking about was my boss. My mind was screaming that there was no way it could ever work between us, but my body was ignoring my mind.

Just as I began to drift off I heard a light tapping at the door adjoining our rooms. My eyes flew open in the dark as my chest began to rise and fall with anticipation. I slowly got out of bed and walked toward the door, my dark waves spilling down my back, and my heart thumping against my chest. I heard another light tapping on the door and when I opened it Sebastian stood there, with one arm above his head gently grasping the door frame, his head resting against his arm. His bare, chiseled chest was screaming to be caressed and he looked sexy as hell as he stood there, eyes filled with lust wearing pajama bottoms, his hair tousled all over his head, literally taking my breath away.

I became painfully aware of my ni**les that were hardened underneath the thin fabric of my nightie as my body responded to the sight of him. Sebastian's eyes moved down to my chest and lingered there for a minute before raising them to mine.

"May I come in?" His deep voice was laced with lust.

My head was screaming no but my body said yes, and without hesitation I stepped aside so that he could come into my room. I closed the door behind him and before I could turn around he had me pressed against the wall, my hands supporting me. I could feel his warm breath against my ear as he stood behind me, very close but not touching me. His fingers left a trail of fire on my neck as he brushed my hair behind my shoulder and followed the length of my hair down my back with his fingers. His gentle caress weakened my knees and I was grateful to have the wall to hold me up. His hand trailed back up my arm causing my skin to tingle under his touch and I leaned back against him and felt a gentle throbbing between my legs and I didn't want him to stop touching me. His arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me back into him as his lips trailed tiny soft kisses along my neck.

"You are so beautiful Elena." His voice was filled with lust as his grip tightened around my waist. I could feel his arousal pressed against my backside as he let out a soft groan. He turned me around to face him, pressing me into the wall, and his eyes devoured mine. His hard length was pressed against me and he gently entwined his hands in my hair and slowly leaned down to me. Everything I had been telling myself about keeping our relationship professional flew out the window in that moment. His lips melded to mine as his mouth hungrily devoured mine. His tongue slid over mine in a slow, sensual way and I literally felt weak in my knees. I wrapped my arms around his neck pulling him closer to me, reveling in his delicious kiss. This is what a good kiss is supposed to be like. This is how it's done.

His hands slowly moved down the sides of my body feeling the curve of my waist and then moved around to my butt and gave it a good squeeze. I raked my fingers through his hair as our tongues tasted and probed each other. My core was throbbing and all I could think was that I wanted my clothes to fall off of me so that I could feel him inside of me. Nothing else mattered to me in that moment. He was my boss but I didn't care, people would talk but I didn't care, and he was arrogant but I didn't care. All I wanted was him and I had never felt that way before, I had never been so mesmerized by a man in my life. Whatever Sebastian wanted me to do I was ready to do it and I didn't feel bad about it. I finally admitted to myself that I wanted him since the first night I met him.

A soft moan escaped my lips as his hands slipped over my br**sts and tweaked my ni**les through the nightie. I pressed my h*ps into his hoping he knew that I was giving him permission to keep going but he suddenly broke away from me leaving me panting in the moonlight streaming through my window.

"I'm sorry Elena, I didn't mean for this to happen yet but you looked so sexy in that nightgown that I couldn't resist you. I just wanted to say goodnight and I took it too far." He ran his hands through his hair in frustration as he looked at the floor and then he raised his piercing dark eyes to mine. "You drive me crazy and even though I want to, it's not time for us to be together yet." He leaned down and kissed me on the cheek.

"Get some sleep, we have a big day tomorrow." With that, he went back to his room closing the door behind him.

I stood there still wanting him, wanting to feel his hands on my body, hoping he would come back. When it finally hit me that he was gone for the night I slipped back into bed, thoughts of Sebastian flooding my mind. He kissed me and it was good. I was on cloud nine as I drifted off to sleep.

I must have slept like a log because the next morning I woke up completely refreshed and ready to get to work. I smiled to myself as I got ready and butterflies danced in my belly when I thought about Sebastian coming to my room the night before.

We all met in the lobby at 8:30 and I expected Sebastian to give me a look, a wink, or something to show me that he acknowledged that the kiss the night before had happened. But I got nothing. In fact, he barely looked my way and I tried really hard not to let it bother me, but it did. He could have at least said good morning to me. I pushed that out of my mind and decided to just focus on all of the work that lay ahead of me that day. If he was going to ignore me, two could play at that game.

We were escorted to the conference room on the 3rd floor and I quickly set up my things and then walked over to Sophia who was flirting with Sebastian. He hadn't even so much as looked at me and now I had to deal with her fawning all over him. The whole thing was pissing me off and the more I thought about it, the more I started to think that he just liked having lots of options.

Sebastian Blu had probably always gotten every woman he had ever wanted and maybe he thought I would be another notch on his belt. I couldn't let that happen, the last thing I needed was to be used and then dumped by a guy, especially him since he was my boss. I had to admit that I'd had a few moments of weakness with, but I was just going to have to ignore those feelings and stick with my original plan. My own boutique hotel was my first priority and I didn't want to burn any bridges at Blu Sierra along the way. I'd already done a ton of research and my boutique hotel would not be direct competition for Blu Sierra because they did not have any boutique hotels in Miami nor did they have plans to build a boutique hotel.

When Sheldon Blu started in the hotel business his vision was to have opulent, enormous hotels in big cities and boutique hotels in small towns all over the world. I was relieved that I wouldn't have to compete with them one day because I would probably lose. Anyway, I stood in front of Sophia and loudly cleared my throat. I gave Sebastian a cold glance and then my gaze shifted to Sophia who was sitting practically glued to Sebastian.

"Are you ready to get started?" My voice was firm and I wanted her to know that I was not going to be intimidated by her or her threats.

Sebastian seemed surprised at the tone of my voice but I didn't care because he didn't know what she'd said to me the night before. Sophia narrowed her eyes at me and then turned to Sebastian with a bright smile.

"I told Elena we should get started right away this morning so I better go help her."

She said no such thing but I didn't want to argue over such a small point. I didn't want Sebastian to think I was petty so I let her have that little dig but I wasn't going to let that be a habit.

Sophia and I brainstormed all morning and I was pleasantly surprised to find that she knew what she was talking about. I couldn't stand her as a person but I couldn't help but respect her as a businesswoman because she was so smart. I think that she appreciated that I had ideas to share also and I hoped that she recognized that I wasn't just a pretty face. We worked really well together and by lunchtime I was ready for a break.

"I think we've got a good start, don't you?" I smiled at her fully expecting to have a normal conversation but my smile was met with a sneer.

"We've barely scratched the surface." With that she got up and walked out of the room.

I sat there thoroughly confused and disappointed. Once I saw how well we worked together I was relieved because I didn't want to have tension with this woman all week and I just knew that we were going to get along, but it looked like I would have to deal with her shitty personality.

Carol and Mark left to go have lunch and Sebastian and I were left alone. I could feel his eyes on me but I didn't want to give him so much as the time of day with the way he had been ignoring me, so I got up and started to walk out of the room. Sebastian grabbed my arm as I walked by him and stopped me in my tracks.

"Elena, look at me."

I didn't want to but I slowly raised my eyes to his and my breath caught in my throat. He was so beautiful and I was reminded of that the closer he was to me. His piercing dark eyes studied mine and I could feel butterflies gently fluttering in my belly. I tried not to let him affect me but I was powerless under his touch.

"I want you to know that I am not ignoring you, I just can't give you more attention than the others because they will start to talk and I can't have that."

I let the words sink in and then I got pissed. "Why not? Are you ashamed of me, or something? You openly dated Sophia, didn't you? You say that you want me and we will be together, but no one can know? How do you think that makes me feel?"

I could see that he felt bad as he raked his fingers through his thick waves and looked at me with a bit of regret. "No, I am not ashamed of you, I don't want you to think that. Elena, things are complicated and I can't go into detail just yet so you're going to have to trust me. I do want to be with you but we have to just wait a while before anyone can know."

"Why?"

"I can't say but I promise you there is a legitimate reason. We just have to wait for a bit."

"How long?"

Just then Mark came back into the room with his lunch and plopped down in front of his computer to work through lunch. Sebastian instantly became distant as he put his work hat back on and asked to me check something in none of our files. I found what he was looking for and then left the room to go grab lunch.

So, I had to wait to be able to date him? Did he think that I was going to date him secretly, like someone who wasn't good enough to be seen with in public? Fool around behind closed doors? No way, not gonna happen. I ate lunch by myself and was kicking myself for allowing the kiss to happen and allowing myself to fall for him. I decided that anything that might have started with Sebastian Blu was over because if he couldn't date me openly, then he couldn't date me at all.

Chapter Ten - Sao Paulo Part 4

Thursday flew by and I avoided any personal contact with Sebastian, just kept things on a professional level. Sophia and I had slipped into a comfortable working thing and she backed off with her snide comments which made working with her much more pleasant. We weren't anywhere near being friends but we had achieved a level of respect when it came to work.

When I returned to my room Thursday evening there were two full racks of beautiful designer clothes waiting for me. I was in complete awe of the gorgeous dresses, suits, pants, blouses and shoes, and I felt like I had won the lottery. Even though I was pissed and hurt that he only wanted to be with me in the dark, I wasn't above accepting the shoes and clothes. Besides, once he saw me in the gorgeous clothes he would want me even more and it would kill him that he couldn't have me. He knocked on the adjoining door Thursday night but I ignored him and I smiled to myself because, I'm not gonna lie, it felt good to have him pursuing me. Even though he was probably just looking to fool around in the dark, it felt good to know that such a rich and powerful man was interested in me. But my smile fell when the reality set in that I wasn't good enough to be seen with in public. The knock came again. Go away Sebastian.

On Friday I kept myself very busy with Sophia and did not give Sebastian a chance to be able to speak to me without anyone else around. Friday night I had just slipped into bed when I heard a knock at the adjoining door, and I looked up at the ceiling in the darkness and waited for it to stop. Go away Seabastian. If he couldn't be with me openly then he couldn't have me at all.

Saturday was a workday for us and Sunday was our day off so I was really looking forward to having some time to myself. We entertained clients for dinner on Friday and Saturday night and on Saturday night Sebastian and Sophia stayed after to have drinks with the clients. I tried not to let it bother me that he was spending that extra time with her, but it did because I knew how much Sophia wanted to get back together with Sebastian, she was super obvious about it.

There was no knock at my door Saturday night, and late Saturday night as I was laying in bed, I could have sworn I heard a woman's giggle coming from his room. My stomach ached at the thought of Sebastian touching another woman, and I felt downright sick when I thought about that woman being Sophia. But I was being a hypocrite; of course he would be able to find another woman to fill his needs. I tossed and turned for what seemed like forever before I was finally able to drift off to sleep.

The next day I was going to do some sight-seeing and I couldn't wait to take a ton of pictures and explore the city. I was looking forward to spending time by myself and having the day off because it had been a brutal week of work. I briefly thought about Sebastian while I finished getting ready, wondering what he had planned for the day but I was too excited to dwell on him and I welcomed the distraction of my sight-seeing adventures. I ordered room service and by the time I finished breakfast and getting ready it was 10:00. I checked my makeup one last time and grabbed my purse and was reaching for the door when I heard a tap at the adjoining door. I froze in my tracks as butterflies ravaged my belly. Should I just ignore him again? My head said yes but my heart made my feet turn around and walk over to the door.

He tapped again, a little louder this time.

"Elena, please open the door."

I opened the door and was completely caught off guard by his looks; he was so damned attractive. He had a perfect tan and was wearing a light blue linen shirt and white linen pants and he looked like he had just stepped out of a page in GQ. I tried to look annoyed but I'm sure I failed because I was happy to see him. Even after his little speech about not being able to date me openly, and the fact that I thought I heard a woman in his room the night before, I was happy to see him standing at my door wanting to see me. Giddy even. But I couldn't let him know that.

"Yes?"

"Good morning to you too, sunshine. May I come in?"

I stepped aside so that he could come into my room and he walked over to my couch and made himself comfortable. He clearly didn't care that I was dressed and ready to leave, I mean just looking at me you could tell that I was on my way out.

He had one arm up on the couch and looked super comfortable as if he were in his own room. "I see that you're on your way out. I want you to cancel any plans that you have today Elena."

Was he kidding? I knew that he was arrogant but this was taking it a bit too far, my world did not revolve around him.

I put my hand on my hip and looked at him in disbelief. "Excuse me?"

"It is not safe for you to go traipsing about Sao Paulo, especially when you have never been here, you could easily take a wrong turn and end up in a dangerous part of the city. I have made arrangements for us to do some sightseeing today and I have also fit in a couple of hours of complete RandR. You have been ignoring me for the past couple of days, I want to know why, and I want to spend time with you, just you and me." He looked at me with a yearning in his eyes. "Please, will you cancel your plans?"

I looked at him with defiance in my eyes, my hand still on my hip.

"Why don't you spend the day with the woman who was in your room last night?"

He looked thoroughly confused. "There was no woman in my room last night."

I narrowed my eyes at him. "Really? I know that I heard a female giggle coming from your room late last night, so you're going to sit here and lie to my face?"

"It must have been my television. I have no reason to lie to you Elena, there was no one in my room last night. The only person I want in my room is you. So, will you please cancel your plans and spend the day with me?"

With the way he was looking at me I could have easily just melted right into the floor. I should have said no to him but he probably had a point about wandering into a dangerous part of the city, and the last thing I wanted to do was put myself in any kind of danger. Besides, as much as I did not want to admit it I was excited about the opportunity to spend the day with him.

"Okay, but only if Mark or Carol come with us."

He furrowed his brow. "Elena, I want to be alone with you."

"I know you do, but you basically told me that I am not good enough to be seen with in public, so we need to have someone else with us. I don't want you to think that there is any possibility of anything happening between us."

He took a deep breath and held his head in his hands as he looked at the floor and then up at me. "Elena, it is very complicated and because I have a high profile life I have to be very discreet about my private life. I can't tell you all of the details now, but I will, I promise you, when the time is right. But I do want to be with you, please believe me. You're going to have to trust me for a little while."

My eyes searched his looking for any signs of dishonesty and I saw none, all I saw was genuine emotion. Trust him. That was not going to be easy but as I sat there looking at him, thinking about the past couple of weeks and how my feelings for him had grown, I decided to do it. I was going to trust him because I wasn't willing to walk away from him.

I looked at him and gave him a half smile. "Okay."

He smiled at me and I think I saw a look of relief on his face. So the handsome billionaire isn't so sure of himself all the time after all.

"Great. I promise we are going to have an incredible day, Elena. I see you have your camera so must want to start with something scenic?"

"Yes, that would be nice."

"Okay, there is a beautiful neighborhood called Jardim America that has a beautiful thoroughfare called Avenida Paulista we can stroll through and we can stop in at the Art Museum of Sao Paulo. After that we can walk through Estacao da Luz, a gorgeous late 19th century train station that has been renovated and then stroll through a beautiful park called Praca da Luz, where bands play in a gazebo and the grounds are lush and beautiful with sculptures all around.

Then I thought we could grab lunch and then take a walk through Ibirapuera Park which is enormous, something like 400 acres, and I am positive you will find plenty of beautiful scenery to capture with your camera. After that we can head over to the Mercadao and really get a taste of local life and sample different delicious foods. For dinner, I thought that we could just come back to the room and order room service, if that is okay with you. Does this all sound good to you?"

"It does, it just sounds like a lot to cram into one day."

"Well, we will have a driver so we will be driven to each spot and if at any time you are too tired to go on, just say the word and we will go back to the hotel. Is that okay?"

"Yes, I guess we better get going." I almost felt like a giddy teenager as we left my hotel room and I was really excited about being alone with him that day, until I saw the bodyguard.

"Is he going to be with us all day?" I whispered so that I wouldn't offend the big man behind us.

"Yes, he is, but you won't notice him. Isn't that right, Carl?"

Carl had a very serious expression on his face. "Yes sir."

"By the way, Carl this is Elena, Elena meet our private security, Carl. He's a good man." Sebastian gave Carl a chuckle and lightly tapped him on his shoulder. "You'll see that he just kind of fades into the background and you get used to it. He's here to keep us safe, Elena."

"It's nice to meet you, Carl."

Carl nodded at me, never breaking character. "Likewise, ma'am."

We got into the car that was waiting for us and I felt like royalty with the celebrity treatment I was receiving. Everyone from the doorman to the driver treated us like we were A-list celebrities. I guess that is what comes along with being wealthy. I was getting a tiny glimpse into Sebastian's world and I had to admit that I liked it, it was nice to be treated so well.

As we drove through the city I was in awe of how drastically different it was from one block to the next. Some parts were so beautiful and others were downright depressing. Everything I saw that day was amazing to me because it was all so new for me. I was too excited to be tired so I was able to keep up with Sebastian as we hit every spot that he planned and I must have taken 1000 pictures. My favorite spot that day was probably the market because of the people and the incredibly cool and different food. I tried foods that I had never heard of or seen but I loved everything I tried. We fell into a very comfortable vibe and by the time we hit our last stop it felt like I had known him forever. Sebastian was very different away from work and I really liked the man that was with me.

I soaked up as much culture as I could in that one day and by the time we headed back to the hotel I was exhausted. We made it back around 6:30 and I was dying to take a shower to freshen up and help wake me up. I wasn't starving but I could feel a tinge of hunger coming on. Sebastian came into my room and stood by the adjoining door and looked at me, and something in his eyes was different. Lust was replaced by genuine interest and I liked it.

"I am going to take a quick shower and then I would really like it if you would join me in my room for dinner around 7:15. Does that work for you?"

I smiled at him. "Yes, I will knock when I am ready."

"Okay." He winked at me before he closed the door behind him and butterflies fluttered in my belly as I spun around with a huge grin on my face. I'd had a perfect day so far.

I hopped in the shower trying to remember which new clothes I had because I wanted to look pretty for Sebastian. We'd had a really good day and something had changed between us. I don't know if it was because I had learned to relax around him or if he had laid off laying it on so thick with me, but I really liked where we were and I couldn't wait to see where we would go next. As my hair was drying, I quickly looked through the racks and pulled out a gorgeous red spaghetti strap mini-dress and knew that was the one. I slipped it on and it skimmed my body as if it were made specifically for me, it was so pretty. I had just finished putting on my makeup and I decided to blow dry my now slightly damp hair and just leave the natural waves. I didn't have time to flat iron my hair, which was something that I did every single day because my hair was so thick and it was hard to manage if I didn't straighten it. I put a little bit of product in it to tame the mass and it actually looked pretty. Being in Sao Paulo, it seemed perfect to have thick, wavy, kind of unruly hair with my red dress. When I looked at myself in the mirror I almost did not recognize the person who was staring back at me and I really liked the way I looked. I'm going to have to wear my hair wavy more often. It was 7:14 so I slipped on my black strappy sandals and knocked on the adjoining door.

Sebastian opened it and if it was even possible he looked more beautiful than the last time I saw him less than an hour before. His eyes slowly scanned me from head to toe and back again until they rested in mine. They searched my face, my hair, and then my eyes and seemed awestruck.

"You look absolutely beautiful, Elena, simply stunning."

I could feel my cheeks getting warm as I smiled at him. "Thank you." It felt really good to know that he liked the way it looked.

We both realized at the same time that I was still standing in his doorway, and I asked if I could come in and he asked me to come in at the exact same time. I erupted into giggles and he chuckled as I walked into his room. There was definitely a different energy in the room and he seemed a little bit nervous and I was definitely nervous, but not in a bad way. Things were changing between us and I liked it. I really liked seeing this side of Sebastian because his work mood could be so intimidating. It was nice to see that he was just as human as I was.

He handed me a menu and put in our order for dinner and then we sat down, him on the couch and me right next to him, and had a glass of wine and relaxed and chatted before dinner arrived.

"So Elena, how have you enjoyed Sao Paulo?"

"It has been amazing, especially today because we were able to see so much of it. Thank you, by the way, for asking me to change my plans, I had a wonderful time with you." That last part slipped out before I could take it back and I felt a little bit shy about being so open with my feelings, but it was too late.

"With me, huh? Well, you are very welcome." He looked at me with his gorgeous dark eyes and held my gaze. "The feeling is mutual."

"This is a gorgeous room, Sebastian." I had to think of something to say to break the sexual tension in the room.

"It's not bad."

"Not bad? This place is a palace compared to my apartment and the house I grew up in."

He set down his glass of wine and leaned back against the couch, his arm resting along the back. "Tell me about that. What was it like growing up in Pensacola?"

"It was pretty awesome for the most part. It was me, my mom and dad. My mom calls me her miracle baby because she had such a hard time staying pregnant. She had four miscarriages before me so they were really happy when I arrived. She wasn't able to have any more kids so it was just us."

"Elena, you said it was awesome for the most part, what did you mean by that?"

I felt comfortable telling him about Brian because I trusted him.

"Well, I am not proud of this, but when I was a senior in high school I was dating a boy named Brian and it got serious really fast. I'm sure you know what teenage love is like, they become your whole world. Brian became really possessive soon after we started dating and I just thought that he liked me so much that he didn't want anyone to have me. He knew how to make me feel really special. Anyway, he hit me the first time after about three months."

Sebastian interrupted me and fire flew across his eyes as his voice bellowed throughout the room. "He did what?!"

I was shocked by his reaction but I repeated what I said. "He hit me. I was completely shocked and distraught because I thought he loved me, so when he started crying and apologizing and telling me that it would never happen again, I believed him. But a couple of weeks later it happened again and he cried and told me how much he loved me and said it would never happen again so, like an idiot, I believed him. He sent me flowers every day and everything was fine for a couple of months. But one day he saw me talking to a guy by my locker and he went ballistic once we were alone in his car. When he hit me the third time, I snapped and told him it was over."

Sebastian's eyes were brimming with rage. "How did he take it?"

"Well, he's in prison right now for ten more years, because he climbed into my bedroom window one night and attacked me. I was I the hospital for a couple of days."

"Oh, Elena, I am so sorry that happened to you. Has he contacted you at all?"

"Unfortunately yes, he somehow finds me wherever I move and sends a letter every six months."

Sebastian set his jaw and I could see that he was clenching his teeth. "Have you received a letter recently?"

"Yes, I just got a letter from him right before I came here. I was in therapy for a while after the incident and it really helped me to not fear him, now I just get angry when I get a letter."

Sebastian's face was super serious. "Elena, I want you to promise me something and this is very important."

My eyes searched his and I could see the concern there.

"Okay."

"I want you to tell me when he contacts you again."

"I really don't want to get anyone else involved, Sebastian. This is my problem that I have been dealing with for years and I don't want to burden anyone else."

He reached over and grabbed my hand in his, gently rubbing the back of my hand, his eyes gentle and kind. "I want you to be safe so please just let me know when he contacts you again."

"Okay."

There was a knock on the door and our food finally arrived and it was a welcome distraction from talking about Brian. I didn't want to talk about him anymore so I changed the subject. We talked more about our day in Sao Paulo while we ate dinner and we relaxed on the couch with a glass of wine when we were done eating.

"I've been talking about me too much, tell me something about you. I already know about your family's business background, so tell me personal stuff. Where do you live?"

He smiled at me. "Okay, I live on Star Island in a home that is way too big but I like it. Let's see, you already know I am the oldest of three brothers, Spencer is two years younger than me and Shane is five years younger than me."

"What about your mom? Do you see her often?"

His face totally lit up when I asked him that.

"My mother is a jewel and I see mom almost every week. She lives in the house next to mine, even though saying 'next to' is kind of funny because you have to drive to get there. After my parents got divorced my mother nearly fell apart because she was so devastated. I'm sure you've read about my dad's cheating which led to the divorce."

I looked at him, my eyes sympathetic.

"Yes."

"Well, like I said she was devastated and it took a bit of time for her to be okay, but she stayed strong for us. I have so much more respect for my mom with the way she handled the publicity of the divorce. She showed so much grace and dignity through it all. My father was a complete jerk and the way he disrespected my mother made me so angry. My father and I have what I would call a strained relationship, we speak about business but I tend to cut him off when he tries to get personal. With the way he humiliated my mother, I don't know that our relationship will ever be repaired."

"I'm sorry, Sebastian. That must be difficult for you to have to work with your father when you have such a strained relationship. Have you thought about going to counseling with him?"

"It's funny you ask that because he has been trying to get me to go for years but with the way he treated his second wife, by doing the same thing he did to my mom, and the way he jets all around looking like a man desperate to recapture his youth, I just don't believe him that wants to make things better. He is a very selfish man who only thinks about himself."

I could see that his relationship with his dad really bothered him and I wished there was something that I could say to make him feel better.

"I'm sorry Elena, I never should have mentioned him. Let's change the subject, what else can I tell you?"

"Tell me about Sophia. I can't really figure her out. When we are working everything is in perfect harmony, but the second the work day ends she becomes an ice queen."

His mouth turned up in a half smile. "That's a pretty good description for her. Sophia is having a difficult time accepting that there will never be anything between us again romantically and I think she suspects that I have feelings for you so there is probably a bit of jealousy there."

"She doesn't seem like a very nice person in general Sebastian, how did you guys even start dating?"

"There's a good heart in there, she's had a difficult life so what may come off as nasty is usually just a scared little girl trying to protect herself. Her father was abusive to her mother and she witnessed things that a child should never see in their lifetime on almost a daily basis, so she has deep trust issues."

"Oh, well that explains it I guess. Hopefully she'll warm up to me eventually. So how long did you date her?"

"We dated for almost a year."

"And what happened?"

He hesitated before answering me, his eyes glossing over with anger. "She was unfaithful."

Something clicked and I put two and two together. "Is Sophia the woman you were engaged to? The one your brother slept with?"

He clenched his jaw and I could see that it still upset him.

"Yes."

"Wow. Well, you speak kindly about someone who betrayed you, that's admirable."

"I have to."

I looked at him not understanding what he meant by saying that and he averted his eyes and tried to change the subject. Clearly he did not mean to let those words slip out. What is he not telling me?

Just as I was about to ask him, Sebastian changed the subject.

"I know we have one more day here, but are you ready to go back to the States?"

We were leaving that Tuesday and, to be honest, I was really enjoying my time in Sao Paulo and I knew that being with Sebastian had a lot to do with that.

"Not really, even though we are working really hard I am having a wonderful time here and I'm not ready for it to end."

He smiled at me. "I felt the exact same way the very first time I came to Sao Paulo, it is a beautiful city but this time around I am lucky." He held my gaze as he lightly stroked my hand. "This time I am here with a beautiful woman."

I gave him a wry smile. "I am sure that you have been here with many beautiful women Sebastian."

The look on his face was serious as his eyes searched mine. "I have only been to Sao Paulo for business and I assure you, I have never been here with another woman."

He held my hand in his and looked down, gently stroking my wrist with his thumb, causing my breath to escape me, and then raised his eyes to mine. "I'm really happy you're here."

I don't know if it was the wine or being so close to Sebastian or what, but butterflies were going crazy in my belly and all I wanted in that moment was for him to kiss me. He must have read my mind because the next thing I knew he was leaning in toward me. His fingers slid into my hair as he pulled me toward him and his soft lips touched mine. Our tongues explored, teased and tasted each other and all I wanted was to be even closer to him. He held my face with both hands as he kissed me deeper and I wrapped my arms around his neck, shifting my body closer to his on the couch. His lips trailed along my neck and I threw my head back, raking my fingers through his thick hair pressing my body close to his.

"Elena, you drive me crazy." He growled the words softly in my ear.

My core throbbed as he continued to caress me and then he pulled me to my feet and slowly ran his hands down my arms, never taking his eyes from mine. His eyes perused my face, down to my br**sts which were gently heaving under his intense gaze, down to my hips, my legs and then back up to my eyes.

"So beautiful."

He leaned in and kissed me, running his hands over my ass and giving it a gentle squeeze. I wrapped my arms around his neck and a soft moan escaped my lips as I pressed my br**sts against his chest. He slipped the thin straps of my dress off my shoulders, leaned down and gently kissed my shoulder, his hands lightly stroking my br**sts giving them a squeeze. My ni**les were taut and strained against my bra under my dress. Sebastian's thumbs caressed each nipple through my dress, gently circling and pinching them and they were begging to be freed. My core was throbbing uncontrollably and I wanted to feel his mouth on me, to feel him inside of me. I had never been so willing to sleep with a man so quickly but there was something different about Sebastian. I felt safe with him, I trusted him and I wanted him more than I had ever wanted any man before.

He reached around and unzipped my dress and it fell to the floor in a silk puddle. Sebastian let out a groan as his eyes surveyed my lingerie clad body.

"You are so perfect, Elena."

I stood there in my red lace strapless bra and matching panty, my strappy sandals elongating my calves. I was happy that he approved and I wanted him to ravage me, but he stood there just looking at me. After what seemed like forever he pulled me to him in a full embrace, his fingers entwined in my hair and gave me a long, deep kiss and then looked at me, his eyes filled with lust.

"I want you so badly right now, you have no idea how much I want you." He pressed his h*ps against mine and I could feel his arousal as he planted another deep kiss on me and then looked at me.

"We are going to have to wait to be together Elena, I want you, but not here, not like this."

What? My body was ready for him and disappointment settled over me as I realized I was being rejected and I was sure it showed clearly on my face.

"Don't look like that sweetie, I want to take you right now, you have no idea how badly, but this is not the right setting for us. I want everything to be perfect when we are together for the first time. You deserve that. I don't want our first time together to be the day of our first date. Hell, this isn't even really a date, we ordered room service and you deserve so much more."

"I thought you said you couldn't be seen with me."

"We will have to be discreet, but not for long, I promise you. You're going to have to trust me on that, Elena. I want to take you out and treat you the way you deserve to be treated. I want to have you on my arm so that everyone will know we are together, we just have to wait a little bit longer."

I was conflicted because on one hand it was really sweet that he wanted everything to be perfect, but on the other hand my body was crying out for his touch and I didn't care about perfection. But I could tell by his body language that nothing further was going to happen between us. He handed me my dress and he averted his eyes from my near na**d body.

"It's best if you put that back on because I won't be able to control myself if you don't."

I slipped on my dress and sat down on the couch and took a few slow, deep breaths trying to get my body and senses to calm down. I looked up at him and gave him a small smile.

"Thank you for today."

He sat next to me and brushed my hair out of my face and gently kissed the tip of my nose.

"You're welcome. When we get back to Miami we're going to have a long talk and I will tell you why we have to be discreet for just a little while longer."

"You can't tell me now?"

"It's late Elena, and it's complicated. We'll talk when we get back, I promise."

"Okay. Well, we have one last big day tomorrow before we go back to Miami so I should probably go to bed so that we can get some sleep."

"You can stay here with me. I promise I'll be a good boy."

I looked at him and held his gaze. "I can't promise I'll be a good girl."

He leaned in and gave me a long kiss and then whispered in my ear. "I promise we'll pick up where we left off."

I could barely stand but I knew that I had to get out of there because I wanted to literally jump him on the couch. He walked me to the adjoining door and gave me a quick peck on the lips.

"Sleep well, I'll see you in the morning."

I floated to my bed on cloud nine.

The next morning it was business as usual. Sophia barely said two words to me while we worked together, and at first I was a little put off by Sebastian's indifference toward me, but during the lunch break he gave me a quick wink when no one was looking and that small gesture put to rest any insecurities I had. I noticed that there was some tension between Sebastian and Sophia and I was trying to figure out which one of them it was coming from. I glanced at them throughout the afternoon and they both seemed to be pissed about something. I hated being in the dark about whatever it was he had to tell me and I couldn't wait to get back to Miami to talk to him.

We all had a quick dinner together that last night and afterwards I went back to my room to finish packing and I saw Sebastian walking away with Sophia. Feelings of jealousy consumed me and I had never experienced anything like it. Didn't she get the hint? He didn't want her anymore and I wished that she would just disappear. Was I being the fool here? Was he trying to have both of us, telling her the same thing he was telling me?

I was packing and trying really hard to push the sight of those two leaving together out of my head when I heard a knock at our shared door. I hesitated for a minute before I answered because if Sebastian was playing games, if he thought I was the young, naive girl who would fall for anything, he was sadly mistaken.

As soon as I opened the door he rushed in and gave me a huge hug and kiss, lifting me off the ground. I couldn't help but feel giddy because he was so happy to see me.

"I've been waiting all day to do this." He gently put me down and his hands held my face as his eyes searched mine. "You did a wonderful job while you were here Elena, I'm really impressed with your work and I know that you will continue to shine at the company."

Why is he talking about work right now? I could see something more behind his eyes; he seemed worried about something.

"Sebastian, is everything okay? You seem upset."

He reached down and grabbed my hands, his eyes searching mine. "Everything is fine, but there has been a slight change of plans for tomorrow. I have to fly to Paris so I will not be going back to Miami with you. I have arranged for you to fly back first class and I upgraded Carol and Mark's tickets also so that they would not be suspicious."

I pulled away from him slightly. "So, you are flying back on the jet with Sophia."

He reached for me but I pulled back again. "Elena, it is not what you think, you have to believe me."

"Why do I have to believe you Sebastian? It seems pretty clear, you want to go back to Paris to spend time alone with Sophia, I get it. That's fine, you don't owe me anything." I started to walk away from him but he grabbed my hand and stood in front of me, blocking me from going anywhere.

"I love you Elena. It's that simple, and I would never do anything to intentionally hurt you."

Did I just hear what I thought I heard? I must have looked shocked because he gently lifted my chin so that our eyes met and the butterflies were going crazy.

"I know it seems fast, but I have never felt like this in my life. You make me happier than I have ever been. I meant what I said, I love you."

I loved him too. I had felt it from the time I realized I couldn't get him out of my head and I didn't want to fight it anymore. I looked at him and smiled. "I love you too."

He smiled at me and gently kissed me. "You just made me the happiest man alive. Please don't shut me out. I have to go to Paris for personal reasons that I can't explain to you right now. But I promise I will tell you everything when I get back. I have to take care of something and I should be back by Friday. Can I see you Saturday? Please?"

"I don't know, Sebastian." I could feel myself starting to give in.

He gently placed a finger under my chin again and tipped my face up to his. "Please." His dark, brooding eyes were sincere.

I hesitated for a few seconds, trying to feel if I thought he was lying to me and in my gut I felt he was telling the truth. Butterflies went crazy in my belly as I looked into his gorgeous dark eyes. This guy has some sort of power over me. Whatever it was that was going on, I had less than a week to wait to find out. I could do that...for him.

"Okay." My words were soft and his face completely lit up.

"Thank you for trusting me. I will make plans for Saturday and I will definitely call you this week."

"Okay."

He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close and held my gaze. "I'm going to miss you. I can't wait to see you on Saturday."

It felt so good to be in his arms, I felt so safe. "I can't wait to see you too."

He leaned down and placed a soft peck on my lips. "I want you to stay with me so badly tonight, but I know if you did I would not be able to control myself."

"Yeah, it's probably best if we sleep in our own rooms tonight." My voice was full of lust as I looked up at him under my lashes. I wanted him so badly.

He leaned down and gave me a longer, more passionate kiss, our tongues sliding over each other as his hands slid down my back and over my butt. He pulled my h*ps into his and I could feel his arousal as his hands slid up my body, over my br**sts and then held my face in his hands. My core was throbbing as I slid my hands through his hair, and pressed my body even closer to his.

He abruptly pulled away from me, instantly breaking our kiss.

"We can't do this. Not here. We should say goodnight."

I wrapped my arms around his neck and pressed my body to his.

"Okay, should we say goodnight like this?" I gave him a soft kiss on the cheek. "Or should we say goodnight like this?" I kissed his other cheek and I could feel his breathing getting more shallow. "Or should we say goodnight like this?" I pulled his mouth down to mine and slid my fingers through his hair as I felt his arousal pressed against me. His lips and tongue trailed down my neck and back up to my earlobe gently nipping it with his teeth before he ran his tongue along the edge of my ear. A soft moan escaped my lips as he slipped his hand beneath my shirt, sliding it up my stomach to my breast, burying his face in my hair.

"Elena, Elena, what are you doing to me?" His whispered words softly caressed my ear. "We should wait."

I kissed his lips and looked into his eyes. "I don't want to wait."

I had never wanted someone as much as I wanted Sebastian and my body ached for him. I didn't need to be wined and dined before I slept with him, I already knew that he was the man that I wanted to be with and a nice dinner wasn't going to make that any more or any less true. My feelings for Sebastian had grown immensely since the day I first met him at the gala when he cornered me near the bathroom. He was all I thought about and I knew he felt the same way.

He groaned as he gave in and his thumb gently circled my nipple over the thin fabric of my bra causing it to spring to attention. His other hand slid down over my ass giving it a squeeze as he urged me toward the bed. He kissed me down onto the mattress, pulled my t-shirt off of me and slowly slid his fingers down over my br**sts to my shorts and unbuttoned them. I raked my fingers through his hair as his fingers lightly grazed the throbbing area between my legs before he pulled my shorts off of me. I could barely catch my breath as I watched him move over me. His hands slid up my legs, over my panties and I captured his hands with my thighs, moving against them before releasing my grip. A seductive smirk danced at the corner of his mouth as he whispered, "Not yet." His hands slid around my back to unhook my bra and I raised up slightly to give him better access. In one quick motion my bra was released and the cool air kissed my skin causing my ni**les to pucker even more than from Sebastian's touch.

His eyes were filled with lust as they roamed over my body and settled on my pink lace panties. I hooked my legs around him and pulled him closer to me with a sexy smile on my face. "I think we have to get rid of your clothes too."

He pulled off his shirt and I sat up and he watched me as I unzipped his pants, pushing them down with his boxer briefs around his ankles so that he could step out of them, and his member sprang free. I sucked in a deep breath as I looked at how big and beautiful he was. I reached out and stroked him gently and a soft hiss escaped from his lips. Before he could stop me I wrapped my lips around him taking him in my mouth, rolling my tongue around the tip and I heard a sharp intake of breath as I sucked him in deeper running my tongue along the shaft. "Ahhh, Elena." His voice was strained as he grabbed a fistful of my hair and thrust his h*ps toward me, going deeper down my throat and then he quickly pulled away sliding out of my mouth and pushed me up further on the bed.

In one quick motion he pulled my panties off of me and hooked an arm under each knee leaving my sex completely exposed. He gave me another devilish grin and kissed my inner thigh, slowly licking his way toward my sex and skipping over to my other thigh. My breathing was shallow as my chest heaved up and down waiting for his tongue to touch me in my special place. He took his time tracing around my throbbing core, I began to squirm and then I felt his tongue slowly lick my cl*t and I raised my h*ps to meet him. He gently licked and sucked my sex and then he flicked his tongue back and forth over my cl*t and I began to rock my h*ps against him, a loud moan escaping my lips. He flattened his tongue, rubbing it back and forth and lifted my ass with both hands to hold me steady as he did things with his tongue that I couldn't believe.

My thighs were wide open and my body started to quiver; I couldn't stop it and I didn't want to. My orgasm rocketed to the surface as I clung to his arms, writhing around on the bed, my breath coming in pants.

"Sebastian..." His eyes met mine, I held my arms out to him and he climbed on top of me never breaking our gaze. "I want you."

"I want you too."

He leaned down and kissed me, gliding his fingers through my hair as our tongues slid over each other, tasting and teasing. I ran my hands down his muscular back and his skin felt so smooth under my touch. I wrapped my legs around him and my body was ready for him to easily slip inside of me, but he grabbed my ankle to stop us and reached into his drawer to get a condom. He slid it on and looked at me with lust-filled eyes as I felt him slowly enter me. Pleasure poured through my body as I let out a loud moan and I lifted my h*ps hooking my legs around his, allowing him to go deeper. He leaned down and kissed me slowly, the rhythm of his thrusts matching the rhythm of his kiss and then he kissed me with more hunger and wanting as his hands slid up to my br**sts. He squeezed my br**sts, pinching my ni**les and I grabbed his arms and held on as I lifted my h*ps to meet each of his thrusts.

Sebastian then grabbed my hips, impaling me over and over as I moaned uncontrollably as waves of pleasure washed over me. I grabbed his ass pushing him into me deeper and he let out a guttural groan as I saw his face contort with pleasure. He shifted just a little bit so that with each stroke he pressed against my clit. He was banging me hard, holding my shoulder with one hand and pinching my nipple with the other and with one final hard and fast stroke I let out a loud cry as my orgasm flew to the surface. My body quivered uncontrollably and just as I collapsed back onto the bed Sebastian grabbed my hips, pounding me into the mattress and I felt his body tense as he let out a loud grunt and came inside me. He collapsed on top of me, both of us panting for air and the he rolled off of me. After a couple of minutes he turned his head, reached out and caressed my cheek and smiled at me.

"That was amazing. You are amazing Elena."

I smiled back at him. "You are amazing."

"I love you, Elena."

"I love you too."

He lay there staring at the ceiling for a minute and then he looked at me again. "I never thought I would meet someone like you, you have completely turned my world upside down."

I held his gaze. "Ditto."

He hopped out of bed and tossed the condom in the trash and then grabbed his clothes.

"Don't go. Stay with me tonight."

"Are you sure, Elena? I have to get up in just a few short hours. I'm leaving much earlier than you and I don't want to disturb you in the morning."

"I'm positive, I want to feel your arms around me tonight."

"There's nothing more that I want right now."

We both slept in the nude and it felt so good to feel him right next to me, I just felt right. I drifted off to sleep happier and more relaxed than I had ever been in my life.

When I woke up the next morning Sebastian was gone but he left a note on the pillow next to me. He told me what a great time he'd had the night before, that he would miss me that week, he couldn't wait to see me that Saturday and that I would hear from him soon. All I could do was believe him because he was already gone.

The concierge was at my door at 8:00 on the dot and I took a deep breath and looked around my room one last time before I left. I would never forget my time in Sao Paulo, Brazil.

Chapter Eleven - Blind-sided

We made it back to the States, and thankfully we didn't have to go into work that day and I went home and literally crashed on my bed. My growling belly woke me up around 8:00 and I threw a frozen dinner in the microwave and curled up on the couch to rifle through my mail when the second letter I saw chilled me to the bone. I hadn't gotten a letter like that in over 10 months so I foolishly kind of thought the ordeal was finally over. It was from the Corlus County Correctional Facility and I knew that it was from Brian. When is he going to leave me alone? I opened the letter, expecting it to be at least 20 pages long again but this one was different, it wasn't from Brian.

It was a letter telling me that Brian was going to be released the next day due to good behavior and it was dated a week prior, and if he contacted me I was to contact his parole officer immediately. I felt sick to my stomach and I wanted to call Sebastian but I didn't know if he was already in Paris, if he was sleeping or if I would even be able to get a message to him. I decided to take a chance and call his cell phone but it went straight to voicemail so I left a message and tried not to sound too frantic.

"Hi Sebastian, I hope you had a safe flight. I was going through my mail and I got a letter from the prison where Brian is being held and they wrote to notify me that he is going to be released tomorrow. You told me to let you know when I heard from him and even though this isn't exactly from Brian well, it's about him. I will admit that I am a bit freaked out right now so can you please call me when you have a chance? Thanks."

I tried to get lost in The Real Housewives of Whatever City but all I could do was sit and stare at the television. Nothing was registering, all I could think about was that Brian would be free the next day and I just knew that he would be coming after me. I would have to file a restraining order or something like that but really, what could a piece of paper do? At 1:00 a.m. I still had not heard from Sebastian so I went to bed trying not to think about what he was doing with Sophia.

The next day, the first thing I did before work was go to the police station and get a restraining order against Brian. When I got to work I was told that I was getting a company car and a parking spot in the building. I was so psyched. No more having to rely on Miami's public transportation. I threw myself into work and I didn't hear from Sebastian all day. So I had two things going through my head: one, I was sick about Brian and I jumped every time the phone rang, and two, I was sick about what Sebastian and Sophia were up to and I jumped every time the phone rang. So basically I was a total mess that day and I couldn't wait to go home.

When I finally made it home I called my parents and told them that Brian was out. My dad was pissed.

"What?! They just wrote you about this a week ago? I'm going to have our attorney call the warden first thing tomorrow morning. They have to give more than a week's notice, this is ridiculous!"

"Daddy, calm down, I got a restraining order today so I should be fine."

"Honey if anything happens, you pick up the phone and you call us immediately and we will be there as fast as we can. In the meantime, Elena, please be careful." I hated that my dad sounded so worried about me.

"Yes honey, if anything happens, call us no matter what time it is."

"I will daddy, I promise. Mom, don't worry."

I tried to lighten the mood by telling them about my trip to Brazil but I decided to leave out the part about Sebastian until I knew where things were really going with us. I didn't want to tell them that their daughter was seriously interested in her boss until I knew that there was something real between us. I would save that conversation for another time.

After I talked to my parents I called Chloe.

"Hey! You're back! So, how was it?"

"Chloe, it was so awesome, Sao Paulo was so interesting, I loved it."

"What's wrong? I can hear it in your voice."

My friend knew me so well. "Brian was released today."

"What?! You have got to be kidding! Why? He's supposed to be in for at least another six years or something like that."

"The letter said he was being released due to his good behavior. Can you believe that? His good behavior! So I went to the police first thing this morning to get a restraining order against him."

"You should get a gun, Elena, I'm serious. He is crazy."

"Chloe, I'm not going to get a gun. I got the restraining order and I'm just going to live my life. I can't be afraid of him every day for the rest of my life, that's no way to live. Besides, I knew that this day would come eventually and Dr. Donnelly told me to do exactly what I did and just to live my life, so that's what I'm going to do. I have a great alarm system here in this apartment and it's a secure building, so I will just keep my eyes open and watch my back."

"If that jerk shows up, I'm going to kill him. I mean it Elena, he's put you through enough."

"I know, thanks, but I don't want you to go to jail or anything, silly."

"Elena, this is not something to take lightly, I remember what he did to you and I don't want you to have to deal with that idiot anymore. Let's just hope he leaves you alone."

"Yeah." I was silent for a few seconds and so was she and I could feel her worrying through the telephone so I changed the subject to lighten the mood.

"So, did I happen to mention that I flew private with Sebastian to Sao Paulo?"

"Hold on, let me process this! First of all, you call him Sebastian? Second, you flew with him in the private jet just the two of you? Why didn't you tell me this the second you got home? That is urgent information!"

I wasn't sure at first if I should tell her but then the more I thought about it I decided that I could tell her because Chloe had never betrayed my confidence in anyway, ever in our lives. I trusted her 100%. Besides, it was good to be able to tell someone about what was going on with him because it was hard for me to keep all of it inside and not be able to share my feelings about him with someone. But, I wasn't going to share too much information about him just yet.

I couldn't help but giggle at her excitement. "Yes, it was just the two of us and it was so amazing to be on a private plane."

"Forget the plane! Tell me about him! When did you start calling him Sebastian?"

"Oh that, that's not really a big deal. He actually prefers that everyone call him Sebastian instead of Mr. Blu."

"Okay, and? I know there's more info that you're keeping from me so spill it girl!"

"There's really nothing more to add, I think he just wanted to make sure that I was completely filled in on what to expect with the clients in Sao Paulo so it was a good time for us to kind of go over everything and make sure that I understood what was expected."

"Elena Marie Sumner, I have known you forever and a day and I know that you are not going to sit here on this telephone and lie to me about this gorgeous man. There is no way that there is not more to this story. Well? I'm waiting."

"Chloe, it's not a big deal so don't blow it out of proportion."

"Oh my gosh! He likes you, doesn't he?"

I wasn't ready to share that info just yet so I totally downplayed it. "No, nothing like that, he's just a very friendly person and I think he likes to flirt because I swear you could have beat all the women around him off with a stick. They seemed to be coming out of the woodwork, there were so many of them. One thing I will say is Mr. Blu is not lacking in female attention. So no, nothing really going on there with me and him."

I felt kind of bad that I was lying to my friend but I didn't want to share anymore than I already had. I wasn't sure it was really going to go anywhere and I didn't want to get her hopes up, or mine. If things ever worked out with us I would just explain to Chloe that I couldn't tell her at the time and I was sure, or at least I hoped, that she would be okay with it.

"Hmmm, I guess I'll let it go for now but I want to be the first to know if he comes on to you."

I smiled through the phone. "I promise you will be the first to know. So, how was your week? Anything new going on?"

"Not really, it's been a busy week but pretty quiet. Mike and I are going to Puerto Rico in a couple of months but that's all that's really going on."

"Puerto Rico? It is supposed to be so beautiful there Chlo, I'm jealous. I can't wait to go away with my boyfriend to a place like that, if I ever get a boyfriend."

"Well, if you play your cards right, you may just have a really rich boyfriend one day!"

"You are silly!" We both erupted in giggles, chatted for a little while longer and then made plans to have dinner the following week.

Talking with Chloe was a welcomed distraction and it helped take my mind off of everything that was going on, but as soon as I hung up the phone the first thing I thought about was Sebastian and how I still had not heard from him. I made dinner and after dinner curled up on the couch to watch some bad reality TV when my phone rang.

"Elena."

His deep voice sent chills down my spine.

"Hi Sebastian." I tried to hide the annoyance in my voice but I was almost positive that it was obvious.

"First, I apologize for not calling you sooner but I had a personal emergency and I couldn't get away, not even for a second, are you alright?"

His apology sounded sincere and I could hear the concern in his voice so it was hard to stay mad at him. I didn't know what was going on with him, but he told me that he would tell me when I saw him on Saturday so I would just have to let it go and wait to hear what was really going on.

"Apology accepted and yes, I'm okay. I was a little freaked out when I got the letter but I have had some time to think a little bit more, think about what I talked about with my therapist and I'm okay. Also, the fact that I got a restraining order this morning helps me feel a lot better."

"I want to get a bodyguard for you." He sounded very worried and his voice was firm but I didn't want a bodyguard, that was just silly.

"Sebastian, I appreciate the offer but I don't want a bodyguard. Besides, how would I explain that to everyone? People would talk and they would know that you hired him for me."

"I just want you to be safe, Elena. If anything happened to you I don't know what I would do." His voice was very soft, he sounded concerned and it was so sweet.

"I'll be okay, I'll be careful when I'm out and I will let you know if I need anything. How's that?"

He grumbled a little bit and I could tell that he wasn't happy with my answer but he didn't push it. "I guess for now it will have to be okay, but Elena, if anything happens I will be getting a bodyguard for you, and that's final."

His concern was so sweet and it made me miss him even more.

"Okay, agreed. So, how is Paris?"

"Paris would be much more beautiful if you were here with me. We are going to definitely have to make a trip here together. I wish I could say that it was wonderful but it has been a stressful trip. I don't know if I told you this before Elena, but I come to Paris every other weekend."

That was a surprise.

"You do? Why?"

"I know I keep giving you the same answer but it is complicated and I promise you I will..."

"Yeah, I know, you'll tell me this Saturday."

"About that, I might have to wait just a little bit longer before I can share everything with you. But please believe me I am going to tell you everything that is going on."

I was starting to get a little bit suspicious. Why did he have to wait even longer to tell me what was going on?

"Please tell me that you're not married."

"No! I am not married, I would never cheat on my wife. And I wouldn't string you along. It's just a little while longer."

That put me at ease. He hadn't really given me a reason to distrust him so all I could do was believe him.

I let out a deep breath, trying not to sound exasperated and failing miserably. "Okay."

"I miss you, Elena. It's only been a couple of days and I miss you like crazy. I can't wait to wrap my arms around you again." His voice dripped with seduction and it caused a stir in me.

"I miss you too, Sebastian. When are you flying back to Miami?"

"I am flying back on Friday and I have already made plans for us on Saturday night. I hope you like Thai food."

"I love it."

"Okay, good. We're going to Nikko By Sunshine, it's delicious Thai and it gets rave reviews."

"Is it on Lincoln Road?"

He hesitated. "No, it's not on Miami Beach, it's a little further away."

"Oh right, you can't be seen with me."

"Elena, don't say it like that, please. I promise things won't be like this for long."

"Good, because I won't put up with it like this for much longer."

"You won't have to. Well, I better let you go, it's nearly 2:30 a.m. here. I'll give you a call tomorrow, but it will be a little bit earlier if that's okay."

"Of course it's okay. You better get some sleep. Thanks for calling Sebastian and I'll talk to you tomorrow."

"Okay, I love you."

I smiled into the phone. "I love you too."

I was slammed at work the next day and Sebastian called me in the afternoon and we spoke for just a few minutes. He told me that he would be home the following day by 2:00 and he was looking forward to seeing me on Saturday. That really made me happy so even though I had a ton of work to do, time flew by for me and I couldn't wait to see Sebastian. When I got home that evening I was looking through my beautiful new clothes trying to decide what to wear and I got an idea. I wanted to surprise Sebastian on that Friday instead of waiting to see him on Saturday. I decided that I was going to drive to his house and he would know how much I missed him. I really wanted him to know that I was into him and there was no doubt about us on my end. I was a little bit giddy thinking about his reaction and I couldn't wait to see the look on his face when I showed up at his house. I decided I was going to wear a sexy black strapless minidress and strappy black sandals over to his place and I couldn't wait until the end of the day on Friday.

All I could think about on Friday was getting home to shower and change. I felt like a teenager who was freaking out about getting ready for a date with the guy she had a huge crush on. I was having a really hard time focusing at work that day. Bev must have asked me the same questions at least five times every time she came to my office for something before I was able to answer her.

"Are you feeling okay, Elena? Can I get you anything?" I could see that she was truly concerned so I had to snap out of it and force myself to focus because I didn't want to worry her.

"No, I'm fine. I guess I didn't get enough sleep last night so I will definitely have to make sure that I catch up on my rest this weekend. Thanks Bev."

Thankfully that seemed to pacify her so I made sure to pay attention to whatever she asked me every time she came to me the rest of the afternoon. Six o'clock finally rolled around and I practically ran out of the office to my car. As soon as I got home I jumped in the shower and changed into my perfect outfit, made sure my hair and makeup were perfect and quickly spritzed myself with my favorite perfume.

I googled directions to his house on Star Island and when I finally arrived at a little after 8:00, the house had a huge gate and my heart sank. My surprise was going to be ruined because I had to call to have him let me in. I guess since I didn't live in the world of the wealthy I didn't even factor in that there would be a gate around his house. The man had a personal bodyguard and was a billionaire; of course there would be a gate around his house! I felt really silly for not even thinking about that because the average person, if they used their brain, would know that someone in his position would have security in every aspect of his life. A ball of nerves hit me suddenly as I dialed his number. What if he wasn't home?

"Blu residence." A formal male voice blared through the intercom.

"Yes, I am here to see Sebastian."

"Who may I say is calling?"

"Elena."

"Just a moment."

I sat in my car with my heart feeling like it was trying to hammer it's way out of my chest as I waited for him to come back.

"Mr. Blu will see you. Drive to the end of the driveway and someone will meet you there."

As I drove through the gate my palms were sweaty and my mouth went completely dry when I realized what I was actually doing. I barely noticed his beautiful house because my nerves go the best of me and as I pulled up to the house I saw Sebastian walking toward me and he took my breath away. I had a huge grin on my face as I threw open the car door and I started to run over to him and then stopped when I saw the look on his face. He did not look happy to see me.

He walked over to me with a quick stride and stopped me next to my car. "What are you doing here Elena?"

I was taken aback by the cold tone of his voice and I suddenly felt very nervous.

"I wanted to surprise you Sebastian. You're not happy to see me?"

The look on his face softened just a little bit. "Yes, I am happy to see you Elena, but this is really not a good time for me. Can we see each other tomorrow as planned?"

Just then the door of his house opened and Sophia stood there holding the hand of what looked to be a three year old little boy and I was in complete shock.

"Daddy!" The little boy called out to Sebastian.

"Sebastian, is everything okay?" Her voice sailed through the air and I felt sick to my stomach. I looked at her and she narrowed her eyes at me. "Oh, Elena, it's you. We're a little busy right now."

I stood there like an idiot and just stared at her as my brain tried to register what was going on. Wait, is she really here right now with a little boy? A little boy who is Sebastian's son? And then things started to click slowly and I dragged my eyes from Sophia down to the little boy over to Sebastian and the look on his face said it all. That was their child together and he didn't want me to know. I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes and the last thing I wanted was to give Sophia the satisfaction of seeing me cry, so I quickly got into my car and sped away before Sebastian could stop me. I heard him yelling my name behind me but I just kept driving, I had to get out of there.

When I got back to my apartment the tears were already streaming down my cheeks, and as I locked the door behind me I heard something move in the corner. I quickly turned around to see what it was and absolute fear completely enveloped me as I stared into Brian's eyes.

"Hello, Elena." His voice was pure evil and my first instinct was to run so I fumbled with the door trying to a unlock it so that I could get out, and before I could pull it open he was behind me slamming it shut. "No, no, we have to make up for lost time." He slapped me and pressed me against the door, my back to him, as he ran his tongue along my ear. "I've missed you."

I was crying hysterically by now and screaming trying desperately to push him off of me but his grip was too strong.

"How did you get in here?"

"It was a piece of cake, a silly little lock is not going to keep me from you Elena. I told you we would be together again and now we are. I'm never going to let you go!" I tried to get away from him and he punched me in the stomach, knocking the wind out of me.

I started crying even louder.

"Be quiet!" He put his hand over my mouth, we struggled and I managed to break free from him running to the kitchen to grab a knife as I heard someone pounding on the door asking if everything was okay. He was behind me in two seconds and grabbed me by my hair as I screamed. I fought him off with all of my might, pushed him as hard as I could, and in doing so I fell back, hit my head against the counter and everything went black.

Chapter Twelve - Recovery

When I woke up I was completely disoriented and it took a couple of minutes for me to realize that I was lying in a hospital bed. I looked around the room and saw my parents on one side of the room, Sebastian and Chloe on the other, and Chloe was the first person to see that I was awake.

"You guys, she's awake! Laney, how are you feeling?"

"Like my head is going to explode all over the place, it's killing me."

My mom and dad grabbed my hands looking sick with worry.

"Sweetheart, we're so happy that you're okay, we were so worried! Sebastian called us and we dropped everything to be here."

"You guys are a couple of hours away, how long was I out?"

"You were out for almost 5 hours and the doctor says you have a mild concussion but you should be okay."

I looked over at Sebastian and he looked terrified as he held my gaze. At first I didn't understand why he looked like that but then everything came flooding back to me; the vision of him, Sophia, and their son made my head pound even more and I wanted him to leave.

I turned cold eyes toward him and I could tell that he saw that I remembered everything. "Thank you for calling my parents but you can leave now."

His eyes were sad. "Elena, when you're feeling better I will explain everything. Mr. and Mrs. Sumner, if you need anything please do not hesitate to call me. Chloe, nice to meet you."

After he left the room Chloe turned to me with a puzzled look on her face. "Elena, he was really worried about you, I don't think you should have kicked him out like that. He was the one who found you and called your parents who then called me."

"It's a really long story Chloe and it's best that he is not here right now."

My parents didn't say anything they just stood there and listened. They were really good at supporting my decisions, they knew that there was a reason that I wanted him to leave and they didn't push.

I was so caught up in Sebastian and getting him out of the room that I completely blanked on Brian.

I sat up quickly, making my head pound even more. "Oh my gosh! Did they catch Brian? Did he get away?"

My mom patted my hand. "Calm down honey, yes they did catch Brian. Apparently a man heard the commotion that was going on, knocked on your door and it turns out he is an undercover cop who lives on your floor. He was able to break into your place and he restrained Brian, called for backup and when they ran his information his record came up and they arrested him on the spot. You don't have to worry about him."

I relaxed back against my pillow and closed my eyes, saying a silent thank you to God. I wouldn't have to worry about Brian for a while. Whatever drugs I was on were making me super sleepy so I drifted off to sleep without saying another word.

When I woke up the next morning, my parents were still by my side but Chloe was not there. My mom rushed over to my side when she saw that I was awake.

"Mom, have you and dad been here all night?"

"Yes honey, we wanted to be here in case you woke up and needed anything."

"You two have got to be exhausted, you should go to your hotel and get some sleep. Now I'm going to be worrying about you guys."

"Well we don't want you to worry about us, we just want you to get better. Dad and I will be back in a few hours, okay?"

"Okay. Did the doctor say how long I had to be here?"

"He said you could go home in a couple of days. I'm going to stay with you for a couple of weeks but daddy has to go back in a couple of days."

"Mom, I'll be fine, you can't afford to miss that many days from work."

"Honey, I have already cleared it with my boss. He said that I can work overtime to make up for the hours I'm missing."

I couldn't wait until the day that I could take care of my parents and they wouldn't have to work anymore. They had done so much for me all of my life and I wanted them to be able to relax and enjoy life a little.

I hugged them goodbye and turned on the t.v. so I could zone out. A few minutes later there was a light knock on my door and Sebastian was standing there with a vase full of beautiful flowers. I was fighting the excitement I felt when I saw him because the picture of that little boy holding Sophia's hand was stuck in my head. I glanced at him and then tried to look disinterested as I turned my gaze to the television.

"What are you doing here Sebastian?"

"I just wanted to make sure that you are okay. Also, I wanted to let you know that an attorney will be here later today to talk to you about what happened."

"Is it a state's attorney? Some kid fresh out of law school who barely knows what they're doing?"

"Yes, he's the top state's attorney in Florida and he's a family friend. I have already arranged for him to take your case. Don't fight me on this, Elena."

I was too weak to argue with him and besides, I was going to need a good lawyer, so I begrudgingly accepted his offer.

"Okay, I won't argue with you about it, thank you. How did you even know that something was wrong, how did you end up at my place?"

"After you sped away I followed you and I got there right as your neighbor was breaking down your door. Brian tried to run but we held him until the cops came. I called your parents as soon as I knew you were in the ambulance and then I came to the hospital to wait until you woke up. I had to know that you were okay. I don't know what I would have done if I had lost you." He started to choke up and looked away as he composed himself.

"How did you get my parents phone number?"

"They are your 'in case of emergency' contact at work so I had my assistant pull your information."

"Thank you for calling my parents, but you don't have to be here, you don't have to worry about me." I looked at him with cold eyes. "I am not your responsibility, that little boy is."

His eyes were sad and he looked defeated as he took a deep breath.

"Can I please tell you about that?"

"I don't want to hear it Sebastian, you had plenty of time to tell me that you had a son. Can you just go, please? My head is killing me so I don't feel like talking."

"Elena, you have to let me explain, please!"

I had never seen him look desperate and I don't know if it was because my head was killing me and I just wanted to rest or if I really wanted to hear what he had to say, but I gave in.

"Okay, fine. But it will have to wait until I am out of the hospital. The doctor said I need to rest and avoid stress."

A look of relief fell over his face. "Okay, thank you. I'll call you in a couple of days just to see how you're doing."

The meds were really kicking in again and I just wanted to be alone so I agreed with him. After he left I lay in my hospital bed thinking about what had happened to me in the past couple of days. Seeing Sophia at Sebastian's house holding that little boy's hand, and hearing him call Sebastian 'daddy' was like a knife to my heart. Anything I thought I might be able to have with Sebastian was completely over. He had plenty of opportunities to tell me that he had a kid with Sophia but he didn't do it. I even asked him about her, about his relationship with her and he failed to mention the most important thing of all, his child. Was he ashamed of him? The whole thing left a bad taste in my mouth.

I was torn because I had such strong feelings for him, he was so sweet to me, he was gorgeous and the sex...there were no words. Why didn't he tell me about his son? I didn't know how we were going to get past that. I drifted off to sleep again feeling both sad and confused.

I went home a couple of days later on Tuesday and my mom doted on me trying to do everything for me even though I kept telling her that she didn't have to. My dad was only able to stay with us for a day and then he had to go back home. I slept a lot the first few days I was home and then Friday afternoon, when I was feeling much better, my mom and I were having tea and chatting on my couch.

My mom looked at me with a devilish grin and I knew the Sebastian inquisition was coming. "So honey, tell me about Sebastian."

She was now grinning from ear to ear and I rolled my eyes at her and shook my head trying hard not to crackup at the expression on her face.

"Mom, don't look at me like that!"

We both started laughing and then the phone rang, interrupting our moment.

"Elena." Sebastian's smooth voice made my belly flip, I couldn't help it, I was happy to hear from him even though my head was telling me I shouldn't care.

"Hi Sebastian." I tried to sound nonchalant but I doubt I was able to disguise the lilt in my voice.

"Are you feeling okay?"

"Yes, I'm finally feeling a lot better today. The pounding headache is gone."

"I'm glad to hear it. Do you need anything, is your mom still with you?"

"No, I'm fine, and yes, she's still here."

My mom looked at me and mouthed for me to tell him thank you for her.

"Mom wants me to tell you thank you for all of your help and for getting the lawyer."

"Tell her that I am just happy that she is there with you and that you are okay."

She gave me a mischievous smile and I waved my hand at her as I tried not to giggle.

"When does your mom go back home?"

"She's leaving Sunday since I am feeling better. I told her I would be fine and she needs to get back to work." My mom gave me the sad face when I said that because she didn't want to leave me so soon. But I knew that she had to get back to work and I didn't want her to have to work late every night for the next week to make up the hours she missed from work being there with me.

"I should be back in the office on Monday."

"Elena, please don't worry about work, the important thing is for you to get better, I want you to come back when you are feeling 100 percent. Also, I would like to pay for your mother's plane ticket back to Pensacola, and please just say yes; I know how much a last minute ticket costs. I just want to help."

I started to protest but then I bit my tongue because it would help her a ton if she didn't have to shell out that money for a ticket.

"Okay, I won't fight you on that. Thank you Sebastian."

"No problem at all. Can I speak to your mother for a minute so that I can get her information to buy the ticket?"

I held the phone away from my mouth and quickly told my mom that he offered to buy her ticket. She looked really surprised and I could also see that she was grateful as she realized that she would not have to spend that money.

I handed my mom the phone, they talked for a few minutes, got everything squared away and she gave the phone back to me.

"I will have my assistant set everything up for her, I'll have a car pick her up and all she will have to do is show up at the airport."

It was a really nice gesture and I was grateful that he was being so generous. I hated to admit it but it softened me a bit toward him. How could I stay mad at him when he was being so nice to my mom?

"Thank you Sebastian, I want you to know that we both really appreciate your generosity."

"It's my pleasure. Elena, can I come see you on Sunday after your mom leaves? I really want to explain everything to you." There was a subtle desperation in his voice and I could tell that whatever he had to say was important so I gave in.

"Sure, why don't you come by around 1:30?"

"Okay, I'll see you Sunday. If you need anything, anything at all before then, please let me know."

"Okay, I will."

As soon as I hung up the phone my mom was staring at me waiting for me to fill her in on Sebastian.

"Honey, you have to tell me what has been going on with him. He was so worried about you, you should have seen the way he was pacing back and forth in the hospital room before you woke up, and now he's offering to pay for my flight home. Elena, this man really cares about you but I can sense that you are upset with him, what happened?"

"Things were really starting to develop with us, I mean things were going great, and then he had to go to Paris for a few days. When he came back, I decided to surprise him at his house and when I got there, it's a long story but another woman came out of his house and was holding the hand of a little boy who looked like he's about three years old. It turns out that little boy is Sebastian's son who he never told me about. So I feel like he was hiding it from me and I don't understand why."

"Oh. Hmmm, well maybe you should just hear what he has to say, I'm sure there's a good explanation for why he didn't tell you before. Who was the woman?"

"Her name is Sophia and she is the PR exec in the Paris office who Sebastian dated a few years ago and apparently, he left out the part about him having a child with her."

"Is there anything going on between the two of them now?"

"No, he says things were over with them a long time ago but when we were in Brazil I could tell that she still has feelings for him."

"Be careful there Elena, she's the mother of his child and it will be really easy for her to make him feel like they should be together. You need to be sure that he is really over her and there are no feelings there. I don't want to see you get hurt."

"I know, that's why I agreed to hear what he has to say. I will keep you posted on what happens but I don't want to dwell on this during the rest of your time here. I just want to spend quality time with you, mom."

She patted the back of my hand. "Okay honey."

Chapter Thirteen - Answers

Sunday afternoon, after my mom and I had our tearful goodbye, I took my time getting ready because I wanted to look pretty for Sebastian. Even though I had no idea what was going to happen between us, I still had feelings for him and wanted to look nice. He showed up right on time and I double-checked my makeup in the mirror before I opened the door.

He looked as gorgeous as ever as he stood in my doorway, taking my breath away.

"Hi." It was a simple word but the way he said it made the butterflies flutter like crazy in my belly.

"Hi Sebastian, come on in."

We both got comfortable on the couch and I looked at him and lightly touched his knee. "Thank you again for buying my mom's ticket, you didn't have to send her back first class but I'm sure she really enjoyed it. That was very generous of you."

"It was no problem at all Elena, I was happy to do it. I take it she made it back safely?"

"Yes, she did."

Good." He looked down at the floor, wringing his hands and I could see that he was nervous and then he raised cautious eyes to mine. "I want to tell you about Sophia and my son."

My heart was beating out of my chest, but I didn't know why because this was what I had been waiting for.

"Okay." I clasped my hands together trying to calm the pounding in my chest.

"The reason Sophia and I broke up is because she slept with Spencer while we were dating which you already know. I found out that they had been sleeping together for nearly the entire time we were together and that was the end for us. A month after we broke up she told me she was pregnant but didn't know if the baby was mine or Spencer's so we ended doing a paternity test and it turned out that Jaden is my son."

To say I was shocked was understatement. So many thoughts flooded my mind and I didn't know where to begin with my questions so I started with the easiest one first.

"Jaden. You broke the first name starting with an "S" thing."

He looked a little confused and then gave a half-hearted smile as what I meant by that dawned on him. "Yes, I did."

"I don't even know what to say about that Sebastian, that story is awful. The only good thing that came out of it is Jaden. Speaking of Jaden, why didn't you tell me about him, why did I have to find out about him the way I did?"

He let out a long sigh, releasing tension from his body and looked at me with sad eyes. "I'm really sorry that you found out that way Elena, I didn't want that to happen. I was going to tell you everything last Saturday when we went out to dinner but you surprised me a day early. Sophia and I have been involved in a brutal custody battle, I want Jaden here with me and she wants to keep Jaden in Paris with her, and my lawyers said it would be best to appear as if I was single until after everything was settled. I go there every other weekend to see him and during the trip last week he was more upset than normal and did not want me to leave, so I told him he could come home with me. Sophia wouldn't let me take him by myself, since technically my weekend was over, so that's why she was there also. I could tell by the look on your face that you thought so much more was going on, but I promise you there is nothing going on between Sophia and me besides raising our son and trying to keep his life as normal as possible."

"How old is he?"

"He just turned three last month."

It was all so much to take in. I knew when I saw that little boy and he yelled 'daddy' to Sebastian that he was his son, but it didn't really become real until just that moment when he told me everything. Bitter custody battle? Conniving ex-girlfriend? Three-year-old son? It was a lot and I wasn't sure that I could handle it or that I even wanted to get involved with him now that I knew that he had all of this extra stuff. I could feel myself shutting off from him, my feelings becoming numb as I thought about everything he had just told me.

"Elena, I know this is a lot to take in but you have to believe me that I was going to tell you all about this on Saturday. I didn't want to tell you sooner than that because, to be honest, I didn't want to scare you away. I know it may seem like Sophia is trying to paint a picture that we are a family, but it is not true. We have a trial date set in a couple of months and we should hopefully have some resolution with our custody case."

"Was Sophia staying at your house when I saw her last week? Because she looked pretty at home holding your son's hand on your front stairs."

"Yes, but she was staying in a guest room because Jaden did not want her to leave."

Jaden didn't want her to leave. So what was going to happen when daddy got a new girlfriend? Would Jaden always get his way? None of this was sitting well with me. I ran my fingers through my hair in frustration and then looked at him.

"Sebastian, this all seems just a little bit too complicated for me right now, and it would probably be best if you sorted out your personal stuff before you tried to build a relationship with someone."

He had kind of a panicked look on his face as he reached out and grabbed my hand, his eyes searching mine.

"Please don't say that Elena, I really want things to work out with us and plans are already in motion to get this custody case settled once and for all."

"It sounds to me like your son wants to have his mommy and daddy under the same roof, and both of you are giving him what he wants which is what you should do. He is, after all, your child. I just think there is going to be a huge problem when he realizes that the two of you will not be together and then you'll have a whole other layer of issues to deal with to help him get through it. I just don't know that dating right now is the best thing for you or me. Let me ask you something, do you stay with Sophia in her house when you go to Paris for your visits every other weekend?"

"Yes, but I stay on a separate floor and I have very little interaction with her. I tried to stay in a hotel and Jaden had a fit. He couldn't sleep so I decided the best thing was for him to feel safe and secure, so I stayed in his house so that he could be in his room."

"I had a feeling you would say something like that. You see, that's what I'm talking about, he has control right now and neither of you can really have your own life yet."

"It won't be like this forever Elena, I promise you. As soon as we get custody sorted out we will be making different arrangements and Jaden will just have to learn to live with it. As he gets older, it will be easier for him to understand why we are not together."

"Yeah, as he gets older, but right now it seems to be a big problem for him and your first priority should be making sure that he is okay."

"It is and he will be okay. Sophia and I have never been together full-time around him so when we went to see a therapist they explained that it's a phase he is going through. I didn't understand why all of a sudden he wanted both of us together, I thought maybe he saw something to make him think that something would happen to one of us. But the therapist assured us that this is temporary and we should continue to make Jaden feel secure and loved. That is what we are doing. I don't want you to think that there is not room in my life for you, because there is."

I hesitated and then look at him slowly shaking my head. "I don't know Sebastian, your life seems to be pretty complicated right now and it seems to me that you need to figure some things out before we can move on."

He looked at me, studying me for a couple of minutes not saying anything, and then he caught me off guard.

"Do you want to be with me? Because I want to be with you Elena. I have known that since I first saw you. I have never met someone who is more perfect for me in every way than you are. You make me happy, you make me smile, I think about you constantly and I want to be with you every minute of every day. I don't want you to think that I don't have room in my life for you, that's just not true."

I didn't know how to answer that because on one hand, of course I wanted to be with him, but on the other hand he had just dropped a pretty big bomb on me and I didn't quite know how to deal with it. If we ended up together that would mean I would become a stepmother and I wasn't sure that I was ready for that kind of responsibility. I had huge plans for my life and having kids was something I wanted to do later, after I opened my hotel.

"Sebastian, I think it would be best if we took some time apart so that you can take care of your personal stuff. You have a lot going on and to be honest with you I'm not sure I can handle it all."

"Elena, please don't say that. Don't give up on us before we've had a chance to really get started."

"I'm sorry but I really think we should just keep this relationship professional for now, that will be best for everyone."

"What do you mean by 'for now'?"

"I'm not sure, Sebastian, but at least for a couple of months until you've had a chance to sort everything out."

"I'm going to be very clear about this, I have no desire to stop seeing you. I want you to know that I will come after you once everything is settled. You are the person that I want to be with and I couldn't stand it if things between us ended before they had a chance to really get started. I love you, Elena."

He looked so sad as he sat on my couch and it took everything in me not to throw my arms around him and tell him to forget everything I'd just said and that I loved him too. It was really for the best that he took care of his stuff while I had a chance to really process everything he told me. A child was a huge responsibility, one that I was not sure I was ready for. He turned sad eyes to me.

"I guess I should probably go, even though I don't want to."

"It's probably best. I'll be in the office tomorrow so I'm sure I will see you."

"Elena, you do not have to come back to work yet. Have you even been cleared by your doctor?"

"Well, no but I feel fine." As soon as I said that I knew that he would put his foot down.

"I don't want you in the office until you have a note from your doctor, that's final. Okay?"

I could tell that he was worried and he wasn't trying to be mean, he just wanted to make sure that I was okay.

"Okay. I'm sure I can get a note this week so I will bring it with me when I come back to work."

"Good. By the way, before I leave, did you have to go to the police station or anything about the attack?"

"Not yet, the police interviewed me when I was in the hospital. I am supposed to go to the station when I'm feeling better to identify Brian in a lineup so I will probably go later this week."

"Your lawyer will go with you, right?"

"Yes, and I thought I would ask Chloe to go with me."

"Elena, you know that I would also be happy to go with you because I'm sure you're going to need as much support as possible."

"Thank you for that, I really mean it, but I will be okay. He's behind bars so I don't have to worry about him probably for a very long time."

I stood up giving Sebastian his cue that it was time for him to leave and he did not look happy. I walked him to the door and we stood there awkwardly for a minute as we both searched for something to say. He reached out and gently caressed my cheek as his eyes held mine.

"I'm not giving up on us."

I didn't say anything as he walked out the door and when it closed behind him, the tears fell gently down my cheeks.

Chapter Fourteen - Moving On

The next week Chloe came to the police station with me and I saw Brian's miserable face staring back at me through the one-sided glass. It literally took one second for me to point him out and my lawyer said he would let me know when a court date was set.

"Oh Laney, I am so happy that they caught him. Hopefully he will be put away forever this time, that guy is a sicko."

"I know, but the good thing is Florida is so tough on domestic abuse so I bet he's put away again for a long time. I hope so anyway."

Chloe and I grabbed dinner and I decided to tell her everything that had happened with Sebastian because I needed someone to talk to.

"Wait, he has a three-year-old son and he didn't bother to mention that to you in all of the time that you guys spent together?"

"Yes, and I don't know if I'm more upset that he kept it from me or that he thought it would make a difference to me."

"Well, doesn't it? I mean, isn't that the reason that you decided that you don't want to see him?"

"I don't know, Chloe, I am so confused about all of this. My heart is telling me one thing and my head is saying something completely different. Maybe I'm thinking way too far ahead but a child changes everything, they're a huge responsibility. I want to open my hotel within the next five years and playing mommy to someone else's kid is probably going to get in the way of that."

"Whoa, I think you need to slow down, you guys have barely started dating. You should probably just take things one day at a time Laney because you have no idea if things will even work out with you guys."

"I know, I probably sound like a crazy person but Chloe, there is something about him, something that is different. You know me, I was totally on the career track, plans for the hotel already laid out down to the color of the paint in the bathrooms. Then this guy comes along and totally turns my world upside down. I never thought I would meet someone like Sebastian, I think he may be the one."

She looked at me for a minute, her head cocked to the side, and her words were sincere.

"Elena, if you think he is the one then what are you doing? Why are you pushing him away?"

"Because it won't be fair to him to go out with him if I know I can't deal with all his stuff."

"You mean deal with the fact that he has a kid."

I looked down at the floor feeling ashamed. "Yeah, I'm horrible aren't I?"

"No, I think you're entitled to feel the way you want to. But I also think that if you care about Sebastian, everything else will just fall into place. Try not to think too far into the future Elena because you will miss all of the joys of everything happening now. I say give it a couple of days and then talk to Sebastian. I don't think you should wait too long."

"I don't know, ugh! Enough about me what is going on with you?"

"Well, Mike and I hit a bumpy road."

"Oh no! What happened?"

"Ever since I moved in he seems to think that there is no reason for us to go out, all he wants to do is order in and watch movies. I am so bored! There is no way that I'm going to let this be my life. Lately I've been noticing other guys more and thinking about finding someone new. Am I awful?"

I grabbed her hand across the table to reassure her. "Not at all. Maybe you should talk to Mike about this Chloe, tell him how you feel."

"I did and he doesn't seem to care."

"Talk to him again and if he is not willing to change then you have to decide if you want to stay with him. But I know that Mike loves you so I'm sure that once he sees how important it is to you to get out and do things, he will do it."

"I hope so."

We chatted for a little while longer and then both headed home.

I got my 'clear to go back to work' letter from my doctor and forwarded it to human resources so that they knew I would be back that following Monday. I laid low the rest of the week and rested so that I would be ready to dive into work on Monday. I was looking forward to going back because I was getting really bored just sitting around at home.

When Monday finally came around I was up at nearly the crack of dawn taking my time getting ready so that I looked perfect. I went into the office early because I knew that I had a lot of work waiting for me. Bev, who was the most awesome assistant ever, came in early ready to catch me up to speed.

"Elena, I am so happy that you are feeling better. How awful that you were attacked in your own apartment! Did they catch him?"

A huge sense of relief fell over me as I realized that Sebastian kept my secret and did not tell everyone who Brian was. I didn't want to dwell on the subject so I answered her question and then changed the subject.

"Yes, thank goodness, so I won't have to worry about him anymore. What time is my first meeting today? I know that I am going to be slammed trying to catch up on everything."

She gave me a huge smile and told me that she had kept my morning clear so that I could take some time to catch up.

"Bev, thank you so much, that is exactly what I need. I'd like to comb through the marketing techniques for the hotel for the past year to figure out what needs to be tweaked the most."

We worked tirelessly for the next few hours and then we broke for lunch. I ate at my desk but did take a few minutes to go outside and walk around the block. I saw Sebastian on my way back into the building just as he was walking out. His eyes lit up when he saw me but that light was quickly replaced by pain as sadness fell over his face. He stopped in front of me and smiled but it didn't reach his eyes. He was so beautiful.

"I'm glad to see you out and walking about, you look fantastic Elena. How do you feel?"

"Much better, thank you. It feels really good to be back at work, I want things to get back to normal as quickly as possible."

"Just don't push it, if you need to rest you should go home."

"I will, but I feel fine, really."

"Well, I don't want to keep you, have a good afternoon Elena."

"Thank you, you too Sebastian."

I walked to the elevator and stood there in a cloud of sadness. I wished so badly that things could go back to the way they were when we were in Brazil, I was so happy then. If only Sebastian had told me about Jaden and his real history with Sophia. I couldn't believe that he kept that information from me. As the elevator door opened I tried to shake it off and switch my focus back to work but all afternoon, Sebastian's face kept popping up in my head.

The next few weeks passed quickly and even though Sebastian kept his distance, he sent me a rose with a note every week. Bev got really excited every time she brought it in to me because she thought that I had some special secret admirer. The notes were always short but very sweet; things like, 'you look beautiful today' or 'can't get you off my mind'. I thought about him all the time. I started to doubt my reasons for staying away from him and I found that I missed him like crazy.

One Friday evening I was working late when I heard a knock at my door and looked up to see Sebastian standing there looking gorgeous as ever.

"Hi, do you have a minute?"

"Sure, come in." I was happy to see him but I didn't want him to know that.

He sat in a chair across from my desk. "My brothers will be in town next week to discuss strategy for a new hotel we are opening and I would like for you to be in that meeting."

I was completely shocked. "Really?"

"Yes, your marketing ideas have been brilliant and to have you on board during the launch of a new hotel will be invaluable. We are opening a new hotel in Dubai in two years and we break ground early next year. It is a very exciting time for us and I want you involved from the beginning."

"Wow, thank you Sebastian, thank you for the opportunity. Do I need to prepare anything for the meeting next week?"

"No, it will just be an informational meeting going over the proposed timeline for everything. The meeting will be at 2:00 next Wednesday so have Bev block off three hours for you."

"Okay, I will. So I will get to meet Spencer and Shane, huh?"

"Yes."

"Your father won't be there?"

"No, he's not really involved at this level."

I instantly felt nervous when he told me his brothers would be there. It was totally intimidating and I didn't know that I had the nerve to actually show up, but I knew I had to.

"Okay, I will be there."

"Good, I think it will be good exposure for you."

I really appreciated that. "Thanks."

He sat there for a minute, looking down at the floor, and then he raised his eyes to mine.

"I miss you, Elena." His eyes were unwavering.

I didn't know what to say to that because it was still too soon for me to think about us in that way. Nothing had changed since our previous conversation and I wanted him to get his shit together first.

"Sebastian, I can't." I didn't want to hurt his feelings and even though I missed him too, I just wasn't ready for anything with him.

He took a deep breath, tore his sad eyes away from mine, stood and walked toward the door. He stopped and turned before he left.

"I meant it when I said I'm not giving up on us."

He closed my door quietly behind him and I dropped my head in my hands, raking my fingers through my hair. What am I going to do about you Sebastian Blu?

Chapter Fifteen - Blu Men Group

Wednesday morning I arrived at work at 7:00 a.m. because my stomach had been in knots all night and I couldn't sleep anticipating the big meeting with Sebastian and his brothers. When I saw the first peek of daylight I hopped out of bed and took my time getting ready making sure that I looked super professional.

I had brainstormed some ideas for the meeting even though Sebastian said it would be informational because I wanted to show them that I had good ideas. There was a definite buzz in the office that day and everyone seemed excited that all of the brothers would be there. Bev was acting like an excited schoolgirl, buzzing around my office. From everyone's reaction you would have thought that these men were pop stars or movie stars or something.

As 2:00 drew near I became increasingly nervous. I had not seen Sebastian all day so it was looking like the first time I would be introduced to everyone would be at the meeting. It hit me a few minutes before 2:00 that Shane probably knew about me and my relationship with Sebastian since he was so close to Sebastian, and I had a mini panic. I literally had to count to 20 before I started walking down the hall to the conference room. One of my hidden talents was that I could read people really well so I was sure I would be able to tell quickly if Shane knew about us. I knew that Spencer would not know about us, and neither would anyone else since we had to be discreet. The only one I was worried about was Shane. I didn't want him to think of me as his brother's love interest, I wanted him to think of me as a colleague. I smoothed my hair one last time as I walked toward the conference room, straightened my blazer, took a deep breath, and opened the door.

As soon as I stepped into the room my breath was taken away...literally. Sebastian and his brothers were easily the most gorgeous men I had ever seen in my life, and seeing all three of them together was completely overwhelming. They were standing near the window chatting with each other when I walked in and they turned to greet me when they heard the door open.

"Ah, Elena, I'm glad you're here. Shane, Spencer, I would like you to meet Elena Sumner, our VP of Marketing, Elena, meet my brothers Spencer and Shane."

I smiled at both of them and extended my hand to Spencer first since he was older. "It is very nice to meet you."

I saw something in the way he looked at me. I knew that look. I had seen in a thousand times when a man was admiring me, but I had no interest in getting that kind of look from him.

He shook my hand and did not let go as his eyes held mine.

"My brother did not tell me that we have such a beautiful Marketing VP for the hotel. I guess I need to visit Miami more often."

I felt a little uncomfortable under his intense gaze but I did not want to be rude or do anything to upset one of the owners of the hotel, so I just politely smiled at him. I glanced over at Sebastian and I was surprised to see what almost looked like rage engulfing his face as he watched my interaction with Spencer.

Sebastian's voice was a little bit too loud for the room that we were in as he tried to interrupt what was happening with Spencer.

"Spencer you're fine where you are in Los Angeles, and we're just fine here in Miami without you." He glowered as he looked at Spencer and Spencer gave it right back to him. They looked like two alpha wolves squaring off trying to prove who was the more alpha of the two. Thankfully, Shane stepped in.

"You'll have to forgive my brothers Elena, sibling rivalry seems to be rearing its ugly head. It is very nice to meet you." He smiled at me and it was such a sweet smile, I could tell that he had a kind spirit. He tried to make light of the situation with Sebastian and Spencer but I could tell that he was annoyed.

A few more people trickled into the room and we started the meeting shortly after that. The meeting lasted for nearly 3 hours and it was really exciting to be a part of something that was going to be so amazing. I hoped that one day I would be able to actually go to Dubai and see the new hotel because it sounded incredible. The most surprising thing that came out of the meeting was that they planned to make the Blu Sierra Dubai a seven star hotel to rival the Burj Al Arab. We were all going to be very busy getting it up and running and I was looking forward to the challenge. Near the end of the meeting I glanced at Sebastian, giving him a look letting him know that I had something to say, and he gave me the floor. I told everyone that I wanted to throw out a few ideas that I had thought of just to get their feedback, and when I was done everyone in the meeting seemed very impressed with my suggestions. I gathered my things and I was chatting with a couple of people from the marketing department after the meeting had adjourned as we made our way toward the door.

"Elena, could you stay behind please?" Sebastian's rich voice stopped me in my tracks and I was worried that I had crossed the line by offering unsolicited suggestions.

I stood against the wall, my nose buried in my notes, trying to look as if I was busy and not feeling a nervous wreck. After everyone cleared out, the only people left were me, Sebastian, Spencer and Shane. I just knew that I was in trouble and I felt sick to my stomach.

"Elena, we are going out to dinner and we would like for you to join us." The way Sebastian told me was not a question so I knew that I would have to go. The thought of being in a social setting with the three Blu men was terrifying but I would just have to suck it up.

We went to a seafood restaurant, and I couldn't believe it was just me with those three gorgeous men. We must have been an interesting sight to see because we turned heads from the second we walked out of the office building until the second we were seated at our table. There were a lot of whispers and many envious stares, aimed at me, from women in the restaurant but I just ignored them.

We made small talk for a while and then after we ordered we dug deeper. Spencer seemed obsessed with knowing more about me, and I was pretty sure that he suspected something had been going on with Sebastian and me because he was flirting with me outrageously while periodically glancing at Sebastian to watch his reaction.

"So Elena, a beautiful woman like you must either be married or have a boyfriend." Spencer definitely had the sexy, bad boy thing going on, he was super cocky and full of himself and I could see how it would be very easy to fall for it. But my heart already belonged to someone else, someone who was trying very hard not to let the longing show in his eyes when he looked at me.

"No, I am not married," I looked over at Sebastian and held his gaze, "and I do not have a boyfriend."

To say that Sebastian looked crushed when I said those words would be a complete understatement. But with his complicated life and failure to tell me the truth about Sophia and his son, I couldn't help but remind him that I was a free woman.

A huge smile spread across Spencer's face and he shifted in his chair, leaning closer to me, as if he thought he had a chance with me. Not in a million years buddy.

"I will be here until Saturday and I would love to take you out. Let me show you Miami the way it is meant to be seen."

It took everything in me not to laugh in his face and, thankfully, Sebastian stepped in, anger flashing across his eyes. "Enough Spencer, I'm sure Elena has better things to do than waste her time with you."

Spencer shot him a cool look and raised his eyebrow. "Oh, have I stepped on toes big brother?"

Sebastian's jaw was set and I could see that he was clenching his teeth. Sebastian's face was mottled in rage as he shot Spencer a death glare and Shane, once again, stepped in.

"Guys, I'm sure that Elena doesn't need to feel caught in the middle so let's just have a good evening, okay? It's been how long since we've all been together?"

Sebastian instantly calmed down when he heard Shane's voice and gave him a distracted smile.

"It's been too long Shane and you're right, we should be enjoying each other's company instead of bickering. How are things with Kylie?" Sebastian looked at me. "Kylie is Shane's girlfriend from Chicago."

"Not anymore, she broke up with me a few weeks ago." He had a big smile on his face.

"I was going to tell you how sorry I was to hear that Shane, but you look pretty happy about it." I gave him a small smile.

"It was probably one of the happiest days of my life so far. That girl was nothing but drama and it was exhausting."

I nodded my head at him. "I get it."

"Don't worry, Shane won't be single for long, the women are constantly chasing him." Thankfully, Spencer had lightened up as he joked with Shane.

Shane shook his head. "No time for women right now, my first priority is the hotel."

"I know Sebastian runs Blu Sierra Miami, and Spencer you run Blu Sierra Los Angeles, but Shane are you running Blu Sierra Chicago or are you still training?"

"The hotel is all mine now, my brothers have taught me everything that I need to know."

"Yes, Shane is definitely ready to take over the Chicago hotel and run with it. We know that he will do an incredible job there." Sebastian's voice was full of pride.

"Yes, our little Shane is going to be a superstar in this industry." Spencer and Shane seemed to have a good relationship and the only tension was between Spencer and Sebastian.

"That's more than we can say for you Spencer, now isn't it?" Sebastian's words were laced with irritation and his question seemed to have completely caught Spencer off guard.

They really didn't seem to care that they were airing all of their dirty laundry in front of me. I sat there feeling uncomfortable with the level of tension that was palpable in the air.

Spencer shot him a steely glare. "Blu Sierra Los Angeles is doing just fine. Let's change the subject, shall we?" He glanced at me and then held Sebastian's gaze as a smirk turned up the corner of his mouth. "How are Sophia and Jaden doing?"

I could see that Sebastian was about to explode and Shane quickly jumped in. "Okay, that's enough! We are being extremely rude to our guest and we are going to change the subject. Elena you'll have to forgive both of my brothers for their rude behavior this evening. I hope you won't let their behavior sway your opinion of me. I have really enjoyed getting to know you and I look forward to working with you as we build our newest hotel."

"I have enjoyed getting to know all of you this evening and I understand that families have their stuff, so no worries."

Out of the corner my eye I could see Sebastian giving me a grateful look and I glanced at Shane who was smiling at me. "You are one smart lady."

"Smart and beautiful." Spencer's comment didn't cross the line so I appreciated that.

"Thank you, Spencer."

Sebastian looked almost bashful and I could see that he wanted to say something but he decided to keep his thoughts to himself.

Our food finally arrived and when we were done eating I decided to drill Spencer a little bit since he had given Sebastian a little dig.

"So Spencer, I take it you're a bachelor, yes?"

He perked up a bit when he realized that the spotlight was on him. "Yes, I am Elena, but I would change that for you in a heartbeat."

He winked at me and I was surprised to feel a tiny flutter of butterflies in my belly. As much as I hated to admit it, Spencer had that hot, sexy guy thing going on and I could see how it would be easy to fall for him. I could feel Sebastian watching us and I almost didn't flirt back with Spencer, but then I decided that it would be good for Sebastian to see that other men were interested in me. I know it was kind of mean given his history with Spencer but I thought that he needed to be knocked down a couple of notches. Everything was not always going to be on Sebastian's schedule and done the way Sebastian wanted it done.

"In a heartbeat, huh?" I glanced at Sebastian and then look at Spencer as I tossed my long dark locks over my shoulder. "So earlier you said you would show me Miami the way it was meant to be seen. Maybe before you leave this weekend you can tell me the places I should check out."

"I can do better than that. Clear your calendar on Friday and I will show you the best time you've ever had."

I knew that Sebastian was probably fuming and Shane was too preoccupied with his phone to notice what was going on with Spencer and me. Before I could turn him down Sebastian did it for me.

His voice was firm and his irritated expression unyielding. "Elena cannot clear her calendar on Friday Spencer, she has responsibilities at work which is something that you should have also. Just because you're not in Los Angeles does not mean that there is no work for you to do. We are going to be swamped with planning the new Dubai hotel and that planning begins tomorrow."

Something really interesting happened, Spencer did not talk back to Sebastian on this one and I could see that Sebastian had the final word about business. It made sense since he was the oldest and had the most experience with the business. Things were feeling really tense so I changed the subject.

"I am really looking forward to working on the Dubai hotel. Will those of us working closely on marketing for the hotel get a chance to see it in person?" I was dying to go to Dubai and I knew I had a look of quiet desperation on my face.

My question distracted Sebastian and he gave me a half-hearted smile. "We are going to have a grand opening and all senior management will be invited. We do that with all of our hotels."

"Oh wow, something to look forward to."

The waiter asked if we wanted dessert but we all passed. We had been there for a while and it was getting late. The next day was going to be really busy at work so I was ready to call it a night.

"I should get going pretty soon, I still have some work to do tonight when I get home."

"Elena's right, we are going to be swamped tomorrow." Sebastian glanced at all of us.

"Elena, it was a pleasure to meet you. If you ever have any questions or want to bounce ideas of off someone, feel free to contact me." Shane gave me a friendly smile and I returned it. I got a really good feeling from him, he was a genuinely kind person and I liked him. I could totally see what Sebastian meant when he said that Shane was an awesome person.

"Thanks Shane. I'm sure I will take you up on that."

Spencer grabbed my hand, raising it to his lips. "It was very nice to meet you, Elena. I am sure we will be seeing a lot of each other." He held my gaze and I could feel my cheeks getting hot.

"It was nice to meet you as well, Spencer." I tore my gaze away his and had to remind myself that he was nothing but trouble. I looked around the table at all three of them. "Thank you for inviting me to dinner with you, I enjoyed getting to know all of you and I am looking forward to working with all of you. I am excited to have the opportunity to share my ideas with you about Blu Sierra Dubai. I will see you all tomorrow in the office?"

Shane smiled at me. "Yes, we'll see you tomorrow."

Sebastian stood and held my chair for me. "I'll walk you to the car. Guys, I'll be right back."

We walked in silence to the door and a black town car was waiting for me outside. When we stepped outside Sebastian turned and looked at me, the wind gently brushing his hair.

"Thank you for joining us for dinner. I'm glad you had a chance to meet my brothers away from the office. You can probably see that there is a big difference between Spencer and Shane."

What I can see is that all of you are gorgeous. "Yes, I noticed a difference, but being different is what makes the world go around, right? Shane seems extremely mature for his age, Sebastian. He is going to make some girl very happy one day, he's very sweet."

"Oh, interested in my younger brother?" He tried to sound like he was joking but I could see the hint of jealousy flash across his eyes.

"No, that's not what I'm saying. He's just very nice, I can see why you are closer to him than Spencer. Spencer seems a little more self-centered and I can definitely see that he's a handful."

He gave a small chuckle. "That's an understatement." He reached out and smoothed my windblown hair away from my face, his eyes searching mine, and the butterflies went crazy. He was so beautiful and regret was tugging at my heart as I looked at him, but I was so hurt by him and I didn't want to give in.

"Elena, can I take you out Saturday night?"

"I don't think that's a good idea, Sebastian."

"Please." I could see the hurt and the longing in his eyes and I had to look away because I could feel myself getting weak.

"It's just not the right time. Thank you again for dinner, I will see you in the office tomorrow." I turned and ducked into the car quickly before he could say anything, and as we drove off I turned to see him standing there, watching me drive away.

I turned back around and a loud sigh escaped my lips as I slumped down in my seat, ran my fingers through my hair in frustration and gazed out of the window. The wall that I built around my heart was slowly beginning to crumble each time I saw him and I started to question why I was staying away from him.

Chapter Sixteen - Court Calls

The next few weeks passed quickly and on a Tuesday morning my attorney called me to tell me that Brian's court date was scheduled for the following month. A glimmer of fear coursed through my veins when I thought there might be a chance that he would be released. My attorney assured me that wouldn't happen but I wouldn't feel 100 percent comfortable until I knew for sure that he would remain locked up. I must have had a worried look on my face because as Sebastian passed by he knocked on my door.

"Everything okay?" We had not really talked since I went out to dinner with him and his brothers, even though he still sent me flowers and a note every week. As far as I knew, everything was still unresolved with him, Sophia and the whole custody thing so I was keeping my distance.

I looked up at him standing in my doorway and I had to admit that I was happy to see him. I needed to talk about my fears about Brian and since Sebastian was one of the few people who knew what had happened with him, even though we weren't speaking the way we used to, I needed to get it out.

"Do you have a few minutes?"

His face was filled with concern. "Of course." He came into my office, shut the door behind him, and sat down across from me. "What's going on?"

I took a deep breath and raised nervous eyes to meet his.

"I just talked to my lawyer and he told me that Brian's court date is set for Monday the 21st, next month. Sebastian, what if they let him go?"

"Elena, that is not to going to happen."

He sounded extremely sure of himself so I wondered if he knew something I didn't.

"How can you be so sure? Do you know something?"

"I had someone do some digging and I found out that he committed a lot of crimes on his way to see you. His obsession with you is really strong and he basically dug himself deep into a hole that he won't be able to get out of. He won't be going anywhere anytime soon. You honestly have nothing to worry about."

I felt a little bit of relief when he told me that, but I knew that I wouldn't feel hundred percent relaxed about everything until I heard what the judge had to say. I was really thankful that Sebastian took the time to look into things for me and it was only fair that I told him that.

My eyes searched his. "Sebastian, thank you for doing that, it shows me how much you care."

He looked very surprised. "You don't know how much I care?"

I looked down at my desk and my voice was very small. "Yes, I do."

"Good, I'm glad. I have news to share with you also."

I looked at him and raised my eyebrows. "Oh?"

"Our final custody hearing is two weeks from today. We will finally know what the custody arrangement will be and I won't have to deal with Sophia's games and bullshit anymore. She has been using Jaden to get to me since she first told me she was pregnant and I can't wait until everything is finalized and I won't have to deal with her anymore."

I looked at him. "Sebastian, you do know that she will be in your life in some capacity forever because you share a child together. You do understand that, don't you? Sophia is never going to go away." As I said the words it confirmed the reservations I'd had about getting involved with him and the thought of having to deal with a woman like that for the rest of my life was not something I was sure I wanted to even consider.

I must have had an unhappy look on my face because the next thing I knew Sebastian was reaching across my desk and grabbing my hand.

"Yes, I know that Sophia is the mother of my son and she will always be around in some way, but that does not mean that she will affect my relationship with the woman I love. I love you Elena, and I don't want you to think that life with me will be miserable because of her."

"I don't think life with you would be miserable, I just think that it would be more complicated than it had to be because of her. Maybe I would think differently if you had told me about her and Jaden from the beginning but now, I'll never know. I do love you Sebastian, I just think that with someone like her she would do everything in her power to make our lives complicated."

I decided to tell him how I felt instead of holding back because my heart was winning over what my head was saying. I was in love with him and I was sad that things had turned out the way they did. I kept telling myself that it wasn't selfish of me to wish that he didn't have a three-year-old son but whenever I looked in the mirror and thought about it, I felt like a very selfish person. At 24 years old, I just wasn't sure if I was ready for the responsibility of someone else's child.

He looked at me. "You said you love me."

"Yes, but that doesn't change the situation Sebastian. I don't mean to sound so selfish but it's a lot, you have a lot of stuff, and I wish that I had known everything from the beginning."

"Would that have changed things for you? Do you think that you wouldn't have fallen in love with me if you knew from the beginning that I had a son?"

"I don't know, but I feel like you intentionally kept that information from me."

"Elena, I told you before that the only reason I didn't say something sooner is because I was trying to protect everyone involved. And to be honest, I was being a little bit selfish. I liked having time with just us and I wanted you to get to know me as a person and not me as a father. On some level maybe I was afraid that if you knew about Jaden right away you wouldn't even give me the time of day, so I was hoping that if you got to know me first you would just fall in love with him when you got to know him."

We sat there in silence for a couple of minutes and I was just getting ready to tell him that I needed more time when my phone rang.

"Hello?"

Bev sounded frantic. "Elena, tell Mr. Blu to call his mother immediately."

I instantly felt terrified because I could tell that something was wrong. I looked at Sebastian and held the phone out to him. "You need to call your mother, there is some sort of emergency."

He quickly grabbed the phone and dialed her number. He was silent as he listened to her and about 20 seconds into the call all of the blood drained from his face. I could feel the panic creep up on me as I watched his ashen face that was frozen in disbelief. When he hung up the phone he sat there quietly staring at the phone.

I was afraid to ask but I knew that I had to.

"What happened?"

My words must have jarred him out of his trance because he looked at me like he didn't know that I was in the room. His eyes began to fill with tears and I felt sick to my stomach. Something was definitely wrong.

His voice was deadpan as he slowly told me the news. "There was a train derailment in Paris and all 164 passengers were killed." His voice broke as he uttered the next words. "Sophia was on the train."

My stomach dropped into my feet and I got up and rushed over to him and put my arms around him. "Oh Sebastian, I'm so sorry." As soon as the words came out, Jaden popped into my head, and to say that I was terrified to ask about him was an understatement. "Please tell me Jaden wasn't with her."

The tears were flowing freely as his sad eyes held mine, and he let out a deep sigh. "No, he was at home with the nanny."

Thank God.

I gave him a tissue and gently caressed his back as I stood next to him. "What can I do to help you?"

He sat there with his head in his hands and I felt so bad for him because I could see how badly he was hurting.

"I have to get to Paris, I have to figure out how to tell Jaden his mommy won't be coming home." He collapsed against me, his shoulders shaking as his body was racked with sobs.

I rubbed his back trying to comfort him, my mind racing trying to figure out how I could help him.

"I will be here if you need me for anything, Sebastian."

He looked up at me with sad eyes as he stood up. "Thanks. I should probably go make arrangements to get to Paris. Mother is going to go with me. I will be in touch."

When he left my office I sat there shell-shocked. Sophia was dead. I couldn't focus on anything so I just sat at my desk and stared out the window. A few minutes later I heard a light knock at my door and turned to see Bev there, with bloodshot eyes.

"Come on in Bev." I found out a few weeks before that she had known Sebastian since he was a teenager and he thought of her as family. She was visibly upset as she sat down in my office.

"The news is awful, just awful." I handed her a tissue to wipe away her tears. "That poor little boy will have to grow up without his mother."

"I know, it is awful, just terrible, but the good thing is he has a father who loves him and plenty of other family who love him."

Bev looked at me with her red eyes. "Yes, I suppose so. Elena, you might think I am crossing the line here but I have to say something. I don't know where you two stand right now, but he is going to need you now more than ever."

I was surprised by her words. Did Sebastian tell her about us?

"I will be as helpful as possible Bev."

She looked at me and furrowed her brow. "I'm talking about being more than helpful Elena. Sebastian will need you. I don't mean to stick my nose in but I have never seen him behave like this over a woman as long as I have known him. When he talks about you his whole face lights up and I have never seen him so happy. Before this tragedy, I had never seen him as sad as he has been since you called things off."

I had to stop her because she didn't know the whole story. "Bev, obviously you know some of what has been going on with us but there's more and it's complicated. Things are going to be even more complicated now with what has happened to Sophia."

She shocked me by reaching across my desk and holding my hands. "I know dear but he will need you, and I can tell that you need him too."

I was a little taken aback by her words and I normally would have been annoyed that someone was meddling into my personal life, but Bev was a sweet lady and I could tell that she had good intentions. I also knew that it took a lot for her to say what she was saying because she was the type of person who tried to keep things strictly professional while we were at work. So whatever Sebastian had said to her obviously had struck a chord.

"I know you care about Sebastian Bev, I will be there for him."

It was easier for me to say that than to launch into a long explanation of everything that had been going on with us. And besides, I really was going to be there for him, he was hurting and I hated seeing that.

She smiled at me and patted my hands before standing up. "Good, well I better get back to work. If you need me I will be at my desk."

I threw myself into work to try and get everything that had happened off of my mind, and it almost worked. A few hours later Sebastian stopped by my office to say goodbye. He had stopped crying and he almost looked like himself again except I could see the sadness in his eyes.

"I am going to pick up my mother and then we are going to take the jet to Paris. Jaden is staying with Sophia's parents so at least he has family there." He reached out and caressed my cheek. "I will call you as soon as I have a chance."

"Okay, I'm here if you need to talk. Have a safe flight."

Chapter Seventeen - Making Up

Over the next few days I jumped for the phone every time it rang hoping it was Sebastian. Finally, on Friday afternoon, he called me and it was such a relief to hear his voice, he sounded much better than he did the day he got the news.

"How is Jaden?"

"Kids are really resilient, thank goodness, so he's doing okay. The funeral was yesterday and he cried the whole time but then he crashed for the rest of the afternoon. He misses his mom and I don't think he quite understands what's going on, but he knows that his mommy is in heaven now."

"And you? How are you doing Sebastian?"

"I'm okay, it's been tough but we're going to be okay. My mom has been incredible. When we get home I would really like for you to meet her, Elena."

"I would love to. Do you know when you will be coming home?"

"We will be back in about a month. I have a lot of loose ends to tie up here and I have to get some things in order. Can I see you Wednesday the 23rd for dinner?"

"Yes, of course."

No more turning him down, no more needing more time. I loved Sebastian and I wanted to be with him. The fact that he had a son would just have to be something that I accepted if I wanted to be with him. He and Jaden were a package deal, one that I was now positive I wanted to accept. I hated to see him hurting and when Bev insinuated that I was the reason that he was hurting so much before the tragedy happened, I couldn't stand to think of it. I didn't ever want to be the one who hurt him so deeply.

"I can't wait to see you, Elena." I heard the happiness in his voice and it made me feel good. "Are you doing okay? Are you ready for your court date next month?"

With everything that he had been through that week I was shocked that he remembered my court date.

"Yes, I'm ready. I just want it to be over Sebastian. I want that chapter of my life to close and I'm ready to make a fresh, new start."

"I know sweetheart. You know I would be there if I could, I hate that I can't be there for you."

"It's okay. We weren't even really on speaking terms when I found out about it so why would you be there?"

"Just because we weren't speaking regularly would not stop me from being there to support you Elena. I love you and I want to be sure that you will be okay. I'll be on a plane when you're in court, and then you'll probably be sleeping when I land so you'll have to fill me in on everything that happens when I see you on the 23rd."

"Okay, I will. Thanks for calling Sebastian, and I just want you to know that I've been thinking about you and Jaden and you're both in my prayers."

"Thank you, Elena, that means a lot to me. I have missed you so much and I cannot wait to see you next month."

"Same here."

When we finished our call I felt like I was on cloud nine. I had not felt so happy in such a long time and even though it was under a really sad circumstances, I was happy that things were getting back to the way they used to be between us.

That night I called Chloe to tell her what had happened.

"Oh my gosh Laney that is so awful! How sad for that little boy!"

"I know Chlo. My heart broke for Sebastian when he found out, I had never seen him like that. It was weird because it was like a light switch was flipped and I suddenly knew that I had to be with him. I didn't care about any other stuff that had happened between us, I just wanted to be able to make the hurt go away for him."

"I'm happy you finally came to your senses."

"Chloe!"

"It's true Laney, I don't know why you were pushing that awesome guy away in the first place. I know that his situation isn't ideal for you but sometimes the right guy is someone unexpected. I really hope you guys are able to work things out because I swear I have never seen you so happy. You seem to be perfect for each other."

"I don't know about that but I do know that I care about him and I don't want to lose him. I'm going to see him when he gets back next month so I will keep you posted on what's going on with us. I've been talking about me the whole time, how are you and Mike? Did things get any better, is he taking you out more often?"

"Things actually have gotten better and I have to say I'm shocked. He listens to me and he's really making an effort to make plans. Maybe once you and Sebastian work things out, the four of us can all go out together. What do you think?"

"I think that is an awesome idea. Well, I better go, I still have a little bit of work to do tonight. Do you want to grab dinner Sunday night?"

"Sure, sounds good. I'll talk to you later."

After we hung up I worked for a while and then went to bed. As I lay there in the dark I thought about Sebastian and wondered when I would meet Jaden and what that would be like. A bit of fear washed over me as a huge question stuck out in my mind. What if he doesn't like me? Kids were so unpredictable and I had no idea how I would deal with that if he didn't like me. I didn't have a ton of experience with kids so I just had to hope that there wouldn't be any issues. I tried to focus on Sebastian but meeting Jaden was fast becoming my biggest fear.

***

The month passed quickly, Monday came before I knew it and I could barely concentrate at work that day thinking about seeing Brian in court the next day. The only thing that helped calm me down was Sebastian's call that afternoon.

"Are you feeling okay about tomorrow?" His voice was filled with concern and I thought it was very sweet of him to call me.

"To be honest, I'm really nervous. It's hard to believe that I am going to see Brian again tomorrow. I just really hope that the judge doesn't let him out. What am I going to do if that happens, Sebastian?" I could feel the panic beginning to rise in my throat.

"Calm down sweetie, everything will be okay tomorrow, I promise. You don't have anything to worry about."

"I know you said that everything would be okay but I'm still scared, I can't help it." I hated that Brian was even still a part of my life. I wished that he would just go away.

"Elena, listen to me. He will never be able to hurt you again."

We chatted for a few more minutes then said goodbye and I clung to his words the rest of the day. I couldn't wait until the next day was over.

I think I probably slept for a total of two hours that night and my stomach was in knots as I got ready for court the next morning.

Chloe took the morning off to be there for moral support and I was so thankful to have a friendly familiar face there for me. As soon as I walked into the courtroom I saw Brian, my throat closed up and I had to force myself to breathe. He looked at me, staring with a sinister smirk. A chill ran through me and I shuddered as I looked away and grabbed Chloe's arm next to me as we walked to our seats.

She quickly turned to look at me. "What's wrong?"

"Brian is giving me the creeps."

She glared at him. "Just ignore him, he's probably terrified and he's just trying to intimidate you." She stopped and looked at me before she sat down. "Take a deep breath, you'll be fine, you can do this." She smiled at me as she took her seat and then I went to sit with my lawyer.

He quickly went over a couple of last minute things before the judge came in and then before I knew it, it was all over. We were in that courtroom for about two hours and I swear the time flew by in two seconds. I learned a lot about how dangerous Brian really was and after learning what he did I was really happy that he was in custody. He was found guilty and for the first time in a very long time I was able to breathe a long sigh of relief. I didn't know what his sentence would be yet, but I knew that he would be behind bars while we waited to find out.

Chloe and I did a quick little happy dance in the hall after we walked out of the courtroom and then give each other a huge hug.

"I knew that everything would be okay, Laney! You're not going to have to worry about him ever again; just you wait. I bet the judge is going to give him a really long, harsh sentence."

"I hope you're right, I really want to put this nightmare behind me forever."

"I know I'm right. So, what did your lawyer say when you asked him when Brian would be sentenced?"

"He said it will be a couple of months."

"Well at least he's still in prison while we wait to find out how long he'll be put away. I just know that you're not going to have to worry about him anymore, I can feel it."

I linked my arm through hers as we walked to my car. "I pray that you're right."

We grabbed a quick lunch and then both headed back to work. I quickly called my parents and told them the good news. As I sat at my desk looking out the window, I couldn't wait to tell Sebastian the good news. I was deep into research on my computer when I heard a light knock at my door and looked up to see Bev standing there.

"Do you have a minute?"

I smiled at her. "Sure Bev, come in. Did I forget to do something?"

She laughed at me. "No, nothing like that. I just wanted to find out how court was today. I know you didn't say anything about it but I could tell you were worried. I just want to make sure you're okay."

She had such a calming spirit and I thought it was really sweet of her to ask so I gave her a friendly smile. "Thanks, Bev. Court went really well today, they found him guilty."

She let out a deep breath and clasped her hands together. "Oh, that is such good news! You must feel like you can relax a bit now."

I smiled. "Yes, I actually do."

"How long is his sentence?"

"We won't know for a few weeks, but hopefully it will be for a long time."

"Well, don't worry, I bet it will be."

I smiled at her and she gave me a half smile as she shifted uncomfortably in her chair and I could tell that she wanted to say something else.

"Is there something else Bev?" My voice was gentle so that she would feel comfortable. Bev was an incredible assistant and she was very close to Sebastian so I wanted her to feel that she could ask me anything.

"I don't mean to be nosy, but have you spoken to Sebastian?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact I have. He will be home today."

"Is he doing okay? Is Jaden okay?"

"Yes, it's tough you know, but he said they are getting through it."

"That's good. And the two of you, are you okay?"

"I think so, we are going to have dinner tomorrow."

A huge smile spread across her face and she didn't even try to hide how happy she was.

"That is wonderful news. He cares very much for you, Elena. It would be nice if you both could work things out."

I was a little bit surprised by how blunt she was but her words were not lost on me. I could tell that she cared about him very much and he must have shared with her how he felt about me.

"One day at a time, Bev."

"Okay, okay I will mind my own business. I better get back to work." She stood to leave and before she walked out the door she turned to me, smiled, and quickly said one last thing. "This is meant to be."

I couldn't help but smile, Bev definitely did not hold back and it was one of the many things that I liked about her. The rest of my day passed quickly and at around 6:30 I was completely exhausted so I headed home.

I felt really good when I got home and I was happy that the day was finally over. I scoured my closet for something nice to wear for my date with Sebastian, and I decided to wear a simple black tank dress that skimmed my figure with sling back heels. I couldn't wait to see him. I went to bed early that night and as I lay in bed, thoughts of what Sebastian had just gone through flew through my mind along with thoughts of my dealings with Brian. Even with everything he was dealing with, Sebastian was concerned about me, and that meant a lot. I had just dozed off when my phone rang and jarred me awake.

"Hello?" My voice sounded groggy.

"Did I wake you?" Sebastian's rich, smooth voice purred in my ear.

I instantly perked up. "No, it's fine, I just dozed off for a minute." I didn't want him to feel bad for waking me.

"I won't keep you, I just wanted to find out what happened today."

It occurred to me that he probably already knew since he was so confident that Brian wouldn't be released.

"I have a funny feeling that you already know, don't you?"

He hesitated for a minute and then answered me. "Yes, but I wanted to hear it from you, I wanted to give you the chance to say it because I know that has to feel good and it probably gives you a sense of peace."

I smiled as I thought about his words, he knew me pretty well. "Well, you're right about that. He was found guilty and he will be sentenced in a few weeks. It's kind of hard for me to believe that I won't have to worry about him anymore."

"I'm happy to hear it." His voice was kind of strained as he uttered the words and it worried me.

"Are you okay? You sound upset."

"Yes, I'm fine. It's just that with everything you have been through and I have been through it's a relief to get some good news."

"How is Jaden? Is he happy to be in Miami?"

"I don't know if he understands what everything means, I think he might think this is just another trip to visit me. The reality will probably set in with him some time next week when he realizes that he is not going back to Paris for a while. We have an appointment with a therapist on Thursday afternoon so hopefully that will help him adjust."

"It will take some time but he will be okay."

"I hope so. Well, I don't want to keep you, I know you must be exhausted after the day you've had. I can't wait to see you tomorrow, Elena."

"I'm looking forward to seeing you too. It will be nice that it will just be us."

"Yes, it will. I will be in the office tomorrow morning but then I have business in the afternoon outside of the office, so if I don't see you during the day I will pick you up at 7 o'clock. Does that sound good?"

"Yes, sounds good."

"Okay, sleep tight baby."

"I will, goodnight."

"Goodnight."

I don't know that I have ever been looking so forward to something as I was to my date the following night with Sebastian.

Chapter Eighteen - The Perfect Date

I didn't stay late that day at work and I took my time getting ready for our date because I wanted to look extra special for Sebastian. By the time he buzzed me from the lobby, I was happy with the way I looked. My hair was flat-ironed super straight, and my dress fit perfectly. I missed him and I couldn't wait to see him. As soon as I stepped off of my elevator he was standing in the lobby, leaning against the wall, his hand in his pocket and his phone in the other. He was looking down at his phone and didn't see me at first and I was able to drink him in from head to toe. My belly flipped as it hit me that the gorgeous man standing in my lobby was waiting for me. Sebastian really was a beautiful and sexy man and my mind quickly shifted to the last time I felt his hands and tongue on my body. I couldn't take a step for a second as the memory momentarily paralyzed me. I quickly shook my head to bring me back to the present knowing that if he looked at me at that moment my naughty thoughts would be written all over my face. I didn't want him to see that I wanted him that very second, I mean he had to work for it a little bit, I couldn't give in so easily, could I? As I pondered the question Sebastian glanced up at me and smiled.

"Are you going to stand there staring at me all night or did you still want to have dinner?"

My cheeks were flooded with warmth as I glanced at the ground, totally embarrassed and totally caught. I cleared my throat.

"I was just trying to see if it was raining outside, I wasn't staring at you."

He kissed me on the cheek as I walked over to him and the smell of soap and light musk was intoxicating as it flooded my nostrils. He looked at me and gave me a sexy smile. "Sure you weren't. What I'd really like to know is what you were thinking about as you studied me." He leaned down and whispered in my ear. "I bet they were dirty thoughts." He grinned as I fidgeted with my purse and he raised an eyebrow at me.

I don't know how it was that such simple flirting could shake me to the core. Our driver was waiting for us and I felt like a teenager as he held the car door for me. I counted to ten to give myself a chance to collect my thoughts as he came around to get in beside me.

Sebastian reached out and gently pushed my hair behind my shoulder, his fingers lightly brushing against my neck, his eyes searching mine.

"You look beautiful, Elena. I've missed you." His voice was gentle and sincere.

Suddenly the air in the car was very thick and I found it hard to breathe. He gently stroked the back of my hand and I looked down at it for a few seconds and then up at him.

"I've missed you too."

I could see the relief sweep over his face and then he leaned in and touched his soft lips to mine. He gently pressed his hand against my cheek as he held my gaze.

"I'm so happy to be with you again."

I scooted closer to him and he put his arm around me and kissed the top of my head as I lay my head on his shoulder.

"I'm sorry that you've had to go through so much these last few weeks, and I'm sorry it took so long for me to come to my senses Sebastian. I was scared when I found out about Jaden and it's not because you had a son, it was because I wasn't sure where I would fit into your life. I should have trusted my heart instead of listening to my head."

"And I'm sorry that I didn't tell you about him sooner. I wasn't trying to hide the fact that I had a son, I was just waiting for the perfect time to tell you but what I found out is there is no perfect time. I should have just told you from the beginning."

"I have a question for you about that. So much of your life is in the media, why didn't I ever hear about Jaden?"

"Sophia and I were very careful about that because we didn't want him exposed to the crazy paparazzi so when she became pregnant she never said who the father was. The media always speculated but she never responded, not once. That was probably the most selfless thing she did and I am forever grateful to her for that. She was a horrible companion but she was a wonderful mother."

His voice cracked when he said that and my heart broke for him. I knew it was hard for him to think about Jaden growing up without his mother and I wished there was something that I could do. But all I could do was let him know that I would be there for him. I held his hand, gently rubbing it.

"I wish I could make everything better for you, I hate to see you hurting."

"Thank you, it means a lot. It's just going to take time. Therapy and time."

"Are you going to be in therapy with Jaden or is he going to talk with the therapist alone?"

"It's mostly going to be for Jaden but if she wants me to join in on the sessions I will."

"I think therapy will be good for him, and like you said before, kids are resilient."

"Yes they are, thank goodness."

We arrived at the restaurant right on time and were seated right away. Sebastian and I enjoyed a beautiful dinner, keeping the conversation light, even talking about the Dubai hotel. I noticed that he kind of kept the pace moving along and we didn't really linger at dinner. I almost felt he was rushing us. Is he ready for the date to end already? The waiter came over to us when we were done eating.

"Would you like to see the dessert menu?"

Sebastian looked at me and I was going to order but he stopped me and then looked at the waiter. "We'll just take the check."

The waiter left and I gave him a curious look. "I'm not allowed to have dessert tonight?"

"Of course you can have dessert, you can do whatever you want. It's just that I have something planned for us back at my place."

I raised my eyebrows at him and held his gaze. "Oh, you are assuming that I am going home with you. Are we there yet Sebastian?"

He looked uncomfortable and fidgeted in his chair as he searched for words and then he raised his eyes to mine.

"I was hoping that we were, I have missed you like crazy and I want you in my life. I thought it would be nice if we had dessert at my place. My chef baked a delicious lemon cake for us."

"But you didn't even know if I would be going home with you."

He looked at me, his eyes sincere. "I was hoping."

As much as I thought I wanted to, I couldn't resist him so I smiled at him. "Lemon cake sounds delicious."

"Good, I'm not ready to say goodnight to you yet."

It suddenly occurred to me as we were riding in the car that I was going to his house for the first time and I thought of Jaden.

"Is Jaden at your house? It might be awkward to meet him like this."

"No, he's with my mom. I wouldn't have you two meet each other like this Elena. You both mean too much to me. I'm trying to figure out the best way for it to happen. He knows about you, he knows that you are my special friend so it's just a matter of finding the best way to get you two together."

"He knows about me?" I was totally shocked.

"Yes, of course. Jaden knows that Sophia and I were just friends and we always made sure that we were nice to each other in front of him. We were never together after he was born so he has never seen us acting as a couple."

"I just wonder if it will be weird for him to meet his father's special friend."

"No, I don't think so. I talked to a professional about this exact thing and she said that it will be good for Jaden to see me in a healthy relationship. She said that I should only introduce him to someone when I know that the relationship is special because I don't want him to get attached to someone who is not going to stick around."

"Okay, well I do want to meet him, I'm looking forward to it."

"I will plan something soon, maybe we'll go to the zoo or something like that. He loves animals."

"That sounds fun, I would be up for something like that."

The car pulled up to the gate and as we drove through I was once again in awe of how beautiful his house was. I felt like I was in a fairytale and I was getting ready to walk into a castle with my handsome prince.

Sebastian linked his fingers through mine as we walked into his house. The first thing I saw was a beautiful double wrought iron stairway leading up to an enormous landing. His house was beautifully decorated and it looked like it had been professionally decorated.

"Sebastian, your house is gorgeous." I had to admit that I felt a little bit intimidated once I was inside. His house was the first obvious display of his wealth that I had seen. I mean, I knew he had money, but I guess it was hard to wrap my head around exactly how much he had until I walked into his house and saw it all practically staring me in the face.

"Thank you. I know it's a bit big but I bought it when I found out about Jaden because I knew I wanted to have more children. I really want to have a big family so I had to make sure that I had a house that was big enough."

I looked at him and smiled. "I didn't know you wanted to have a big family."

He turned and looked at me, holding my gaze. "I do, do you?"

"Well, I guess I've never really thought about it beyond knowing that I do want to have kids someday."

He winked at me. "Well, at least that's a start. Let me give you a quick tour."

His house must have been at least 15,000 square feet and each room seemed to be more beautiful than the one before it. He showed me every room except his bedroom and when we were seated at the breakfast bar in the kitchen with our pieces of cake, I decided to play with him about that.

"So, is there a reason we skipped the bedroom?"

He was just getting ready to put his first piece of cake in his mouth when his fork stopped in mid air and he raised an eyebrow at me. He slowly put down his fork.

"I'll show you that room the day that you decide to stay with me and share my bed." His voice was teasing but his eyes smoldered as they searched mine and I couldn't help but blush.

"Oh really? And when do you suppose that is going to happen?"

"I would prefer that it happened sooner rather than later." The teasing was gone and he became very serious.

My body betrayed me and I blurted out the next words without thinking. "Be careful what you wish for."

He pushed his plate away, walked over to me, grabbed my face in his hands and kissed me. Something was different about this kiss as I threw my arms around him; I wanted to melt right into him and never let him go. I wrapped my legs around him and scooted forward on my stool, pressing my body to his. His hands moved down over my h*ps and up over my dress to my br**sts as I ran my hands over his strong shoulders down to his muscular biceps. I didn't want to wait for anything, I wanted to be with him that very second. I pulled away and grabbed his hair, steadying his head so that he had to look at me, both of us panting heavily.

"I want to go to your bedroom."

Without saying a word he hoisted me up off of my stool, my legs wrapped around his h*ps and he walked upstairs. He held me with such ease as we reached the top of the landing and then he walked down the long hall to his bedroom. He opened the door and gently laid me down on his bed. His eyes held mine as he dropped to his knees, slipped off my shoes and slowly ran his fingertips up my legs and under my dress. Something seemed to click in Sebastian because he was no longer being tender and gentle, he was a little rougher and I liked it. He hooked his thumbs around the band of my damp panties and removed them in one quick motion. He pushed me back on the bed and shoved my knees back leaving me wide open and vulnerable.

Without hesitation he slipped an arm under my ass and lifted me slightly, his tongue finding its way to my swollen clit, his other hand free to touch me, slipping a finger inside of me caressing my warm core setting off waves of pleasure inside of me. He relaxed his tongue, rubbing over my cl*t with increased pressure, now with two fingers entering and pulling back, my thighs twitching as the release inside me began to grow.

I buried my hands in his hair, moving my h*ps in rhythm with his tongue as I came closer to coming.

"Mmm, Sebastian," I purred. I moved my h*ps faster against his tongue which was licking me hard, right on my sensitive nub. He focused on my cl*t with his tongue while his fingers moved in and out of me with the skill of a man who knew what to do to a woman's body. My thighs twitched uncontrollably as my body bucked against his fingers.

His flattened his tongue, his hot flesh on mine, giving me expansive flesh play, as I opened my legs even wider to give him better access. Feeling his tongue on me at the same time his fingers were working their magic inside of my dripping wet core brought me to the edge. He worked that tongue until I couldn't take anymore and my hands dug into Sebastian's arms, my orgasm hitting me like a tidal wave, my body flailing about. He kept his tongue in my pu**y and rode the orgasm with me, pushing in and out of me until my muscles unclenched and my panting subsided.

I pulled him on top of me and rolled over with me on top. I pulled off his pants and reached between his legs, my hand wrapping around his cock, the skin soft, his member hard. I massaged his balls with my other hand, stroking the soft skin right beneath them, and Sebastian let out a loud groan.

I looked at him, a small smirk turning up the corner of my mouth and I held the base of his throbbing member with one hand and licked up to the tip slowly, briefly flicking it with my tongue. He hissed when my mouth closed around him, my tongue running along the sensitive edge of the tip.

"Damn, Elena." He could barely get the words out.

I took him in my mouth as far as I could, the tip touching the back of my throat and then I slowly pulled back only to quickly take all of him in again. His h*ps began to thrust toward my mouth as I moved my mouth up and down, my lips sucking in as he pulled out. I felt his body tense up and he quickly pulled out of my mouth, flipped me underneath him, reached for a condom and quickly rolled it on. He hooked his arms beneath each knee and sank into me without any warning.

My legs instinctively clasped around him, wanting to pull him into me even deeper and he groaned with pleasure. He held my h*ps as he moved in and out of me and I shifted just a bit and tightened my walls, clamping down around him.

"Ahhh, you're so tight," he hissed.

I smiled to myself knowing that I was the one doing his to him. He lifted my legs up over his shoulders, grabbed my ankles and pounded and pounded into me. I thrust back against his cock, the pleasure almost too much to handle. He quickly flipped me over and took me doggie style, his thighs slapping against my ass as he held onto my h*ps and rammed into me. I swear I saw stars; the sensation of pleasure was so intense. He roughly squeezed my breast and tweaked my nipple as he grabbed a fistful of my hair, his c**k pounding me mercilessly. He knew what he was doing, I had never been f**ked like that in my life.

I reached between my legs and rubbed my clit, looking for the release that my body was begging to have. My fingers slid around my swollen nub, my face buried in the bed as Sebastian thrust into me and I moved back against him. He grabbed my h*ps and lifted me slightly higher and that angle was the thing that put me over the edge. I screamed as I came and it felt so good I thought I was going to pass out. My body was completely drained but Sebastian wasn't done with me yet. He hammered into me and let out a guttural groan with his release, slumping down onto me.

I was done, completely relaxed and feeling nothing but bliss as we lay next to each other. I was exactly where I wanted to be.

Sebastian looked over at me, his body glistening with sweat, and smiled.

"I love you, Elena."

I smiled back at him. "I love you too."

He looked up at the ceiling and smiled. "I think you were trying to kill me with your magic goods there." He took off the condom and tossed in the trash that was next to the bed.

I laughed at his reference. "I could say the same thing."

He turned to look at me again and gave me a sexy grin. "We seem to be made for each other."

I shrugged my shoulders and raised an eyebrow. "Maybe."

He had a mock look of hurt on his face and clutched his heart. "Maybe? You're breaking my heart."

I put my hand on his face and my eyes searched his. "I'm just kidding, I agree, we do seem to be made for each other."

He leaned in and kissed me and let out a deep sigh. "It would be nice to stay like this forever but it is getting late. Will you stay with me tonight? Please?"

"I can't Sebastian, all of my things are at my apartment. I have to look presentable at work tomorrow so I should go home."

He sighed again. "Okay, I understand. We're going to have to make some changes, I want you to be able to stay with me. I'll figure something out."

"I would love to be able to sleep with you tonight, next time I'll plan for a sleepover."

We got dressed and he arranged for the driver to take me home. I turned to kiss him goodnight at his front door and he gave me a curious look.

"What are you doing? I'm riding with you, I wouldn't send you off alone, I am a gentleman you know. I will see you to your door and then say good night."

We rode in silence to my apartment, our hands linked together, the ocean air crisp and clean. I had never felt happier in my life.

Chapter Nineteen - Jaden

The next few weeks passed quickly and Sebastian and I spent nearly every night together that he did not have Jaden at his house. Jaden liked to have sleepovers at grandma's house, so he slept at Sebastian's mom's house at least three nights a week. We talked about the best way to introduce me to Jaden and we both agreed that going to the zoo would be fun and non-intimidating for him.

It was Tuesday and we made a date to go to the zoo that Saturday afternoon, just the three of us. To say I was terrified is an understatement. As the weekend drew closer, I confided in Bev about how nervous I was to meet Jaden. We were in my office Thursday afternoon working on a new marketing campaign, when my nerves got the best of me and I had to talk about it with someone.

"Bev, I need to borrow your ear for a second."

She stopped what she was doing and looked at me.

"Sure, what's on your mind?"

"Well, you know that things with me and Sebastian have been going really well lately, we've gotten through a lot of our stuff."

"Yes, and I have to tell you Elena, I have seen such a difference in him so I am very happy that you two were able to work things out."

"Well, we haven't quite worked out everything, I still have not met Jaden."

"That will come in time, dear. Children are very delicate and you want to make sure that you do it the right way. When the time is right, it will happen."

"That's just it, I am supposed to meet him this Saturday and I am a complete bundle of nerves."

She raised her eyebrows and smiled. "Oh really? Well this is definitely a step in the right direction! You don't have anything to worry about, Jaden is a very sweet little boy and I just know that he will like you, Elena."

"Should I bring him a present or something?"

"No I think that you should just bring yourself, that way he will know that you are there to spend time with him. You can't buy a child's affection, the only way to win their affection is to spend quality time with them. Where are you meeting him?"

"We are going to the zoo."

"Oh! That is perfect! I think that you will have a wonderful time, just try to be yourself and listen to him when he has something to say. I'm sure that you will have a wonderful time."

"I hope so, Bev."

"You will. Let me know how it goes when I see you on Monday."

"I will, thanks for listening Bev. I guess we better dive back into this stuff so that I can present some new ideas at tomorrow's meeting."

We worked until early evening and then I told Bev we could break for the night. I worked for a couple of hours and as I was packing up my things, my phone rang and it was my lawyer.

"Elena, I just wanted to let you know that Brian's sentencing hearing is scheduled for next Wednesday at 10 o'clock. I'll meet you at the courthouse at, say, 9:45?"

"Yes, I'll see you then. Thanks Paul."

After I hung up the phone I sat staring out of my window for a few minutes thinking how close I was to never having to deal with Brian again, and it was almost unreal. For so many years he had been a constant fear for me that was tucked way down deep inside that I refused to let out. But every so often that fear crept to the surface and the time had finally come when I would be able to say goodbye to that fear. For the first time in a very long time while thinking about Brian I smiled as I grabbed my things and went home.

Saturday turned out to be a beautiful day. There wasn't a cloud in the sky and it was about 80o. I was a nervous wreck as I was getting ready and Sebastian called me early that morning to see how I was doing.

"Elena, you have nothing to worry about, just think of this as a trip to the zoo with a couple of friends."

That made me laugh. "Friends? What if he hates me Sebastian?"

"He won't. I know that he is going to love you as much as I do."

"Do you think I am meeting him too soon?"

"Not at all, the timing is perfect. I told you that he knows about you and he has asked me a couple of times when he was going to meet my special friend. He even asked me if my special friend was imaginary because he hasn't met you yet."

I felt a little bit relieved when he said that and I had forgotten that Sebastian told Jaden about me. The fact that he had asked about me made me feel a lot better.

"Okay, I'm ready to do this. He 's either going to like me or he isn't. Hopefully it's the first one."

"It will be the first one. The car will pick you up at 10:00 and take you to the children's zoo and we'll meet you there at 10:30."

"Okay, I will see you then."

I took my time getting ready and at 9:55 I went downstairs and the car was already waiting for me. We arrived at the zoo at about 10:25 and it took about five minutes for me to walk I walked over to the children's zoo and I saw the most adorable picture. Sebastian was sitting on a bench looking drop dead gorgeous in a casual collarless shirt and khaki shorts. Sitting next to him holding his hand was Jaden with his dark blonde curls, who was the cutest little thing. Sebastian saw me, smiled and waved and leaned down to say something to Jaden.

Jaden sized me up as they stood and I walked toward them. I smiled at them, trying to look much calmer than I felt inside.

Sebastian kissed me on the cheek and turned to Jaden.

"Jaden, this is my special friend Elena who I was telling you about. Elena, this is my son Jaden."

I bent down to his level, smiled and held out my hand to him. "It is very nice to meet you Jaden."

He cautiously shook my hand while clinging onto his father with the other. He looked down at the ground and then quickly glanced up at me before looking down at the ground again. "Nice to meet you."

""Well, now that we have the introductions over with let's head over to the Wacky Barn." Sebastian looked down at Jaden. "Does that sound fun?"

"Yeah!" Jaden jumped up and down and practically dragged Sebastian in the direction of the Wacky Barn.

Sebastian looked at me and winked. "It's his favorite place in the zoo."

The barn smelled the way you would expect a barn to smell but I barely noticed because Jaden lit up when we walked in. He let go of Sebastian's hand, grabbed my hand and pulled me over to the sheep.

"They let us touch them!" He looked up at me with his big, blue innocent eyes. "Do you want to?"

I was instantly in love. He was so adorable there was no way I could ever say no to him.

"Of course I want to!"

"Oh goody!" He turned to Sebastian. "Daddy, we're going to touch the sheep! Watch, okay?"

He chuckled and nodded.

Jaden clung to me the entire time we were together. We ate lunch around 12:30 and he made sure that he sat next to me. At around 2:30 Sebastian said it was time for Jaden's nap and he did not want to leave.

"Jaden, we'll do this again, okay? Next time we'll go on the camel ride, does that sound fun?"

His eyes lit up when I said that and he nodded his head like crazy.

Sebastian looked at me and I could see the love in his eyes.

"Do you want to come over while he naps?"

Jaden answered before I had a chance to. He grabbed my hand and jumped up and down. "Yes!"

We both laughed and I shrugged my shoulders. "I guess I'm coming over!"

Jaden did not let go of my hand all the way to the car and he wanted me to sit in the back seat with him. Once he was buckled in his car seat he chatted with me non-stop about his favorite animals. When we got to their house he grabbed my hand the second he was out of his car seat and didn't let go until we were in his room. Sebastian put him down for his nap and I gave him a hug and told him I would see him when he woke up.

We went down to the family room and relaxed on the couch. Sebastian's butler brought us iced tea, which was delicious, and we settled in for a couple of hours.

"Jaden really likes you, Elena. I have never seen him take to someone so quickly."

"I like him too, he's so adorable Sebastian, and very sweet."

"I knew that you two would like each other, I just had a feeling." He absent-mindedly played with my hair as he sat next to me. "You're perfect for me."

"I can say the same about you."

"Would you like to stay for dinner?"

"I would love to."

Chapter Twenty - The End of Brian

I had dinner with Sebastian and Jaden a couple of times after that incredible Saturday and each time I saw Jaden I fell in love with him a little bit more. He was such a sweet little boy and I honestly enjoyed being around him. He had such an infectious energy and happiness that it was impossible to be anything but happy when I was around him.

Sebastian made arrangements to go with me to Brian's sentencing hearing and the second he saw Brian I glanced at him and could tell that it was taking everything in him not to leap across the bench and strangle Brian. Brian got a very heavy sentence because he committed other crimes on his way to see me.

Since he committed two more felonies while on probation he ended up getting the maximum of 60 years plus another 10 for attacking me while on probation. I hugged my attorney and then Sebastian and I cried like a baby as we held onto each other. My nightmare with Brian was finally over. I couldn't wait to call my parents and tell them the good news.

Sebastian took me out to lunch to celebrate and he rented out the entire restaurant for us.

"What's the occasion?"

"I wanted you to be free to express yourself and your feelings about what you've been through without having people gawk at you."

"Thank you, Sebastian that was very thoughtful. It's still kind of hard for me to believe that the Brian nightmare is over."

He gently held my chin in his hand and tipped my face up to look at him. "Well it is, and he can never hurt you again. I will never let anyone hurt you again, Elena."

Tears quietly spilled down my cheeks as I thought about how wonderful Sebastian was. I was so grateful and happy to know that men like him existed.

"Thank you for your support and for being there for me through all of this, it really means a lot."

He gently brushed my hair out of my face. "You're welcome. I will always be here for you, I love you."

"I love you too."

He leaned down and gave me a soft kiss on the lips and I was in heaven.

Epilogue - Two Years Later

Things with Sebastian and me just got better every day over the last two years. Jaden was my buddy and the three of us hung out together all of the time. We were in Dubai and we just finished the opening ceremony for the new Blu Sierra Dubai which is absolutely stunning. All of his brothers were there, his father who was newly single was there, and his mother also flew in for the ceremony.

Things were still strained with Sebastian and his father and Sebastian and Spencer, but I was making it my mission to bring them all together again. It was going to take time but I really believed that they would find a way to forgive each other and start over with new relationships.

I met his mother shortly after I met Jaden and we instantly became friendly. We have lunch together once a week and I love her like a second mother.

We had a couple of hours before we had to go to the celebratory dinner and Sebastian told me that he wanted to take a walk with me on Jumeirah Beach. Dubai was simply beautiful and I did literally pinch myself to make sure that I was really there. I kept telling myself that there was no way that this was my life, but it was and it was so amazing.

We were walking in silence for a while, just taking in the beautiful scenery, when he suddenly stopped and turned to me and held my hands.

"Elena, you make me happier than I ever knew was possible. The first time I laid eyes on you I knew that there was something special about you and I was right. I believe that you were made for me, and I was made for you. There is no other woman in the world that I would rather be with and no one will ever make me as happy as you do. I love you, my son loves you and my family loves you. I cannot imagine going through this crazy thing we call life without you and I want you to be in my life forever."

He got down on one knee and my heart was banging against my chest. He pulled a small black velvet box from his pocket, opened it, and staring back at me was the most beautiful diamond ring I had ever seen.

"Elena Marie Sumner, will you make me the happiest man in the world and marry me?"

I was in total shock and stood there silent for a minute. Is this really happening?

"Elena?" Sebastian looked worried and that snapped me out of my daze.

"Oh! Yes! Yes, of course!"

A look of relief washed over him and he slipped the ring on my finger, picked me up and spun me around for a couple of seconds. After he put me down in the soft sand I had to make sure that I clarified something with him.

"You know this does not mean that I am going to stop working. I still want to open my boutique hotel in a couple of years, so eventually I will be leaving Blu Sierra Miami."

"Of course, I would never want to stand in the way of your goals and dreams. I want you to have your hotel and I want it to be a huge success. As long as you never leave me, I will be a very happy man."

I held his face in my hands and looked him in the eye.

"I will never leave you."

He smiled at me. "Good, because I don't want to go through life without you." He put his arm around me and looked out into the water, the gentle wind lightly caressing his hair, and a small smile turned up the corner of his mouth.

I smiled at him. "What?"

"I was just thinking about your new name. Elena Blu. It has a really nice ring to it."

"You mean Elena Sumner-Blu. Now that has a nice ring to it."

He chuckled as he gathered me in a big hug. "I guess it does."

The End.

