"No. I don't want to have another baby. Ginny is enough," Simon Hudson insisted gruffly to his wife.

Kara Hudson gave her husband of two years an obstinate look. But really, it was difficult to get truly angry at Simon. Her eyes roamed over his fierce expression as he held their sleeping baby closely against his chest. How did a woman get irritated with the man who was holding their child in his arms as if she was the most precious thing in his life?

She and Simon had had this discussion about having another baby several times over the last few months. Kara didn't want Ginny to be an only child. She knew what that was like; the loneliness had been almost unbearable when she'd lost her parents in a car accident right after she graduated from high school.

Kara hadn't always been rich, married to one of the wealthiest men on the planet. Simon had rescued her from homelessness, and then proceeded to turn her inside out with a fierce, protective, all-consuming love that had changed her entire existence. Her husband might be one of the most stubborn men on the planet, but she loved him with every fiber of her being.

That's why I hurt so much right now. I need him to want me the way he used to, to consider having another baby together so Ginny isn't an only child like I was.

It wasn't like she wanted another child immediately. Ginny was only sixteen months old. But Kara at least wanted to discuss it. She couldn't figure out Simon's reasoning for being so adamant about not having another baby someday. He was an incredible daddy, and he loved their daughter so much, but he seemed almost terrified of having another child. Crossing her arms in front of her, she asked him calmly, "So this is going to be all your decision?"

"Fuck," was Simon's grumbling response. "I can't win. I want you to be happy, but I don't want you to have another baby."

The frustration on his face made Kara's heart melt. He always wanted her happiness. Most of the time they compromised when they didn't agree, but this wasn't really a situation where any give-and-take was possible. They either had a baby...or they didn't. Moving forward, she gently traced the scar on Simon's whiskered cheek, her heart skittering as his eyes flared with heat. "I want you to be happy, too. You adore Ginny. I don't understand."

Things had changed since their daughter was born, Simon's previously fierce desire for her body seemingly diminishing. At five-foot-eight, Kara could carry some extra baby weight that she hadn't managed to take off, no matter how hard she tried. But the additional pounds definitely showed, her figure more rounded, and probably not as attractive. Simon now treated her with gentle tenderness, like she was as fragile as blown glass. Every time they had sex, he used a condom, even though she was on birth control.

No more spontaneous, carnal sexual interludes.

No more uncontrollable passion, both of them unable to wait until they had torn each other's clothing off to satiate themselves.

No more caveman possessiveness, when her husband had been a dominant beast, demanding her surrender.

And she missed all of those things. Badly. Simon could still drench her panties with one look from those dark eyes of his, make her want to grasp his coarse, dark hair and kiss him until he lost control. The problem was, he didn't lose control. Not anymore. The condom usage and the lack of passion had made her afraid to even try to test his boundaries. She was too afraid that she couldn't cross them anymore, and it would crush her heart to have verification that he didn't feel the same way about her as he had when they were first married.

He was giving her one of his dark stares, stroking a gentle hand down Ginny's back in an unconsciously protective manner as he answered hoarsely, "I can't do it again, Kara. I can't."

She took her hand away from his face, dropping it to her side. "Okay," she relented. "I'm going to work out. Can you put Ginny down for her nap?" Kara needed a good, hard run on the treadmill. It was obvious that Simon wasn't in the mood to talk, and this wasn't a situation where they could negotiate.

Not waiting for him to answer, she bit her lip to keep her tears from falling as she turned and walked toward their home gym.

"Kara?" Simon called after her in an urgent, yet strangely hesitant tone.

She stopped, but didn't turn around. "Yes?"

"You and Ginny make me happy. I don't need anything more," he answered in a low, serious voice. "But if you really won't be happy without having another baby, I'll think about it," he grumbled unhappily.

She turned and gaped at him, astonished that he was backtracking.

He's doing it for me, even though I can see it's killing him to even think about it.

Nodding slowly, she swallowed hard as she looked at the heart-wrenching sight of Simon and Ginny together. Dressed in jeans and a tan fisherman's sweater, her husband was the hottest man on the planet to her. Although Kara was fairly certain that Simon had gotten over being self-conscious about his scars, she could never really explain to him that there had never been another man who moved her like he did-not even close. Her husband and child were her entire life now. "I'll think about it, too," she agreed huskily. "Maybe it wouldn't be so horrible for Ginny to be an only child. It was just hard for me because my parents died when I was so young."

"Ginny will never be in the position you were in, sweetheart," Simon promised. "Even if she's an only child, I'll give her enough love to make up for not having siblings. And she'll never be alone and penniless," he vowed fiercely.

"I know." Kara's response was gentle, knowing Simon had already made sure Ginny's future was secure. And her daughter would always have Simon's mother and her Uncle Sam and Aunt Maddie. Ginny adored her cousins, Noah and Brianna. She probably wouldn't really feel the lack of family in the future.

"I'll take care of Ginny right now. Relax," Simon demanded.

Kara smiled at him weakly, loving to hear him being his usual bossy self. She'd learned a long time ago that he wasn't really arrogant; his sometimes overbearing dominance was manifested by protectiveness and not selfishness. "I'm going to torture myself on the treadmill. It's hardly relaxing." Turning again, she made her way to her workout, pondering Simon's comments.

Maybe I'm overreacting because of my own history. I love my daughter, and I don't really feel a desperate need to have another child. But Simon's such a good father. Why doesn't he want another baby?

As she entered their home gym, her blue eyes caught her own image in the mirror, and she frowned. Her dark brown hair pulled back in a ponytail, her rounded curves covered by a pair of gray yoga pants and a matching t-shirt, Kara knew she looked frumpy. She'd never been anything more than acceptable in the looks department, but Simon had always salivated over her like she was a goddess - at least he had, before Ginny was born. She'd never understood what he saw in her that was so irresistible, but she'd loved it. Not that he treated her badly now-he spoiled her and Ginny rotten-and he was still the same bossy, ultra-possessive alpha male she'd fallen in love with, but sometimes he was....emotionally distant. Especially since she'd brought up having another child a few months ago.

Mounting the treadmill with determination, she started off slow, increasing the speed quickly as she warmed up, her sneakered feet pounding on the moving surface the only sound in the room.

She and Simon used to exercise together, but they couldn't do that anymore. Usually they had to trade off, each watching Ginny for the other so they could do their daily workouts. Simon worked himself hard every single day, and he had a hot, muscular body as a result. Personally, she'd been slacking, working out sporadically when she wasn't working at her job as a nurse in her best friend's clinic or taking care of Ginny. Okay...Maddie wasn't just her best friend anymore. Maddie was also her sister-in-law now, since she'd married Simon's older brother, Sam. Kara had cut way down on her work hours since Ginny's birth, only working one or two days a week. Since Maddie had given birth to twins, she'd become more of a medical director at the clinic rather than a practicing physician. The overprotective Sam made sure she had plenty of time at home with their babies.

Panting as she pushed her body harder, Kara tried not to remember all of the sexy times she and Simon had had in this gym. When she'd first gotten pregnant, Simon had wanted to move out of their penthouse, find a home outside the city somewhere. Eventually, she'd convinced him to stay-the last thing she had wanted to do when she was sick and pregnant had been to move. Besides, they'd made an adorable nursery for Ginny in a room close to the master bedroom, and the penthouse was so enormous that they could probably build an entire playground in one of the bonus rooms. Simon's computer lab was on the second floor, taking up one of the extra spaces, but there were plenty more bedrooms and spaces that they weren't even using.

Kara was startled out of her thoughts as the treadmill slowed down quickly, a large masculine hand slamming down on the controls to reduce her pace down to a walk. "What the hell are you doing?" Simon's annoyed bellow echoed through the gym. "Are you trying to kill yourself?"

Coming out of her daze, her chest heaving, Kara glanced down and was surprised at the distance and speed she'd been doing. Unable to speak, she simply shook her head at Simon, struggling for air, her heart racing inside her chest wall. Grasping the bars on the treadmill, she walked slowly, her muscles screaming with pain.

"You weren't doing those speeds and that distance even before you were pregnant and worked out every day. It's too damn much. You'll hurt yourself." Simon's voice held irritation.

She knew she'd been pushing too hard, determined to lose her baby weight.

"Five more minutes of that shit and you'd have keeled over," he stated angrily, watching her carefully as he stopped the treadmill completely.

His muscular arm wrapped around her waist and bodily lifted her off the treadmill, and then scooped her up and strode toward the living room.

"I need to shower," she told him, breathless, as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Inhaling his intoxicating scent, she smiled as she realized it included a hint of baby powder, which she found incredibly appealing. Simon could change a diaper expertly, but he still hadn't managed to not make the powder fly everywhere when he was using it.

"We need to talk." Simon was unyielding. "You were starting to cry earlier. I don't like it." He dropped onto the sofa in the living room, taking her with him and situated her on his lap. "I want to know why."

Simon never liked it when she cried-under any circumstances. Even if she cried happy tears, he didn't like it.

"I'm fine," she assured him, wanting to cry because of the way he cared about how she was feeling. She hated feeling even slightly disconnected from him, and since she'd started keeping her negative images of herself quiet, she'd thrown up a wall between them that was hurting her heart.

"If this is about having another baby-"

"It's not." She tried to wiggle off his lap because she knew she was heavy and she was stinky, but he wrapped his steely arms around her waist, keeping her exactly where she was. She relented with a sigh, knowing exactly how stubborn Simon could be. If he'd decided she was staying...she wasn't going anywhere. "I'm beginning to realize how selfish I was being. My maternal instinct is satisfied. I don't need another baby to make my life complete. I was already ecstatic because I had you, and Ginny is a miracle to me. I guess I worried because I was so alone after my parents died. But you're right. It will never be like that for Ginny." Kara's parents had been dirt poor, but they'd been happy. Unfortunately, they'd been her only living relatives, and when they'd been killed so suddenly and traumatically, she had been lost without them.

"I'm being selfish, too," Simon rasped. "But I can't watch you go through that kind of pain again. I barely lived through Ginny's birth. I was caught between the miracle of you struggling to bring our child into this world, and the fucking agony you were in. It has nothing to do with not wanting another child with you, but I can't do it." He released a masculine sigh. "And then there was the endless colic and teething. Jesus, you looked like you were going to drop over at any moment during those months. I don't want to see you look that tired and worn out again."

"You were just as tired, and you were always right there with me," Kara argued, acknowledging that those had been difficult months, endless nights with little or no sleep for both of them.

"That's different," Simon said belligerently.

Kara pulled back, only to meet his ferocious expression. "That's why you don't want another child? Because you think it will be painful and difficult for me?" Her eyes filled with tears, the enormity of the reasons for Simon's hesitance slapping her in the face.

It's all for me, because of me. He's trying to protect me...as usual. Had she not been so wrapped up in her negative imaginations, she might have realized why he was being hesitant earlier.

He looked back at her, their gazes clashing together and holding. "Why the hell else would I object?" Simon asked, perplexed.

She reached out and stroked his cheek with her palm. "Oh, Simon," she sighed, hating herself for never asking him exactly why he didn't want a child when they'd discussed it before. She'd been too busy wondering if he was losing his passion for her, if she was less attractive to him now. Her damn post-pregnancy insecurities were getting to her. "I love you."

His grip tightened convulsively around her waist. "I love you, too. That's why I don't want you to hurt anymore."

Kara's heart ached as she glanced at his agonized expression. With Simon, everything was black and white: if something would hurt her, he'd do whatever it took to avoid it. "The pain was quickly forgotten as soon as I held Ginny for the first time," she told him softly.

Simon shook his head, the movements stubborn. "Not for me. Fuck. I still have nightmares about you screaming, of being terrified something bad was going to happen to you. That was the longest day I've ever had to live through, and I think that one damn day took years off my life."

Kara bit her lip to keep from smiling. She'd told Simon many times that if he didn't stop saying bad words, Ginny was one day going to add them to her limited vocabulary. She hadn't seen him curse in front of Ginny since she'd told him that, but Simon would never be an angel. He'd been through too much, lived his early life so tough that he was lucky he'd survived, much less become a self-made billionaire along with Sam. The fact that he could still be so sensitive to her needs constantly amazed her. He'd never been able to stand to see her unhappy or in pain. She knew it, but it still astounded her. "You're an amazing man, Simon Hudson." Leaning forward, she kissed him softly and backed away again, aware that she was still sweaty and smelly. "I forgot all about the pain very quickly. And those colicky days, the teething and sleepless nights are all part of being a new parent. It's over. Let it go." She wanted him to stop tormenting himself. He'd been there with her every step of the way-except for the actual labor pains, and he'd been up whenever she was up with Ginny, even though he'd needed to work the next day.

"It can't happen again. Not if we have a choice and it doesn't matter to you if we have another child," he said gruffly.

"It doesn't matter. And it won't happen again. I'm okay with not having another child." Watching the agony in Simon's expression had convinced her having just Ginny would be fine. In reality, she could end up pregnant again someday. Birth control was amazingly effective, but there was always a tiny, tiny chance that she could still get pregnant. However, she wasn't about to remind Simon of that little fact. He'd never get rid of the condoms.

His muscles relaxed, and he shot her a relieved grin. "Thank Christ!"

Her heart lighter, she asked him teasingly. "Are you going to let me take a shower before Ginny wakes up? I smell."

"It's not like I haven't had your sweaty body in my arms before, sweetheart. Except those times were a lot more satisfying," he reminded her in a graveled voice.

"We were both sweaty." Kara wanted to remind him that they hadn't had hot, sweaty sex in a long time, but she didn't. Did it matter if their sex life had mellowed out when they both loved each other? Having a child was wonderful, but exhausting. Wasn't it natural for things to change?

"Don't work out like that again. It's dangerous," Simon warned ominously.

"I know."

"And Ginny isn't here. Mom and Michael took her for the night."

Kara gave Simon a shocked look. He rarely let their daughter out of his sight. "Surrounded by security?" Knowing Simon, he'd likely sent an entire army of his security detail to watch over Ginny while she was with his mother and her new husband. Ginny's grandparents adored her, but Kara was surprised that Simon had relented to an overnight visit.

"There are so many agents with them that their cupboards will be bare tomorrow just from feeding them all," Simon agreed without remorse.

Kara chuckled. "She won't like it." She moved off his lap, and he finally let her go. Helen Hudson was an independent woman who ran her own restaurant and had never allowed her sons to put their security anywhere near her. Even though she'd finally relented and married her live-in boyfriend, Michael, she was still the same kind, feisty woman Kara had always known. And Helen had no problem taking her sons down a peg or two when they deserved it, billionaires or not.

"She'll have to get used to it if she wants to take her granddaughter overnight. I don't compromise on security for you and Ginny," he replied ruthlessly.

Don't I know it!

She and Simon used to argue endlessly about the legions of security he'd put on her ass. Now, she didn't bother. She usually had Ginny with her, and she wanted her daughter protected just as much as Simon did. "So we're alone tonight?" she asked, heat beginning to bloom in her at the thought, realizing they hadn't had any time together without Ginny since their daughter was born.

"We are," Simon answered, his eyes smoldering, looking up at her as she stood. "I plan to take my wife out to dinner and spend some time alone with her."

Kara shivered at the flash of fire in his gaze. "I'll shower quickly. It will be nice to have a night alone." Ginny was her heart, but she and Simon hadn't spent a night with just the two of them together since their daughter had been born.

"Nice? It will be much better than nice, sweetheart," he growled.

"I hope so," she whispered to herself as she scurried off to the bathroom, happy that she and Simon had talked about one of the things standing between them right now. They spent so much time talking about Ginny, scurrying from one task to another, that they'd forgotten how to talk about themselves as a couple.

Somehow, I have to tell Simon how I feel about our love life.

Had she really been afraid of how he'd respond, or had she just been too busy being a mother?

I'd trust him with my life. I've always trusted him with my feelings, and he's never let me down yet.

Hopefully they could resolve all of the issues they'd put aside for so long...tonight.

Kara entered the kitchen nervously, knowing that what she was wearing now hugged her curvier body tighter than it had before she'd given birth. Her little black dress seemed even smaller than before, the skirt flirting with her knees and the silky material clinging to her fuller hips and breasts. Leaving her hair down, she'd done her makeup carefully, feeling more feminine than she'd felt for a long time. Digging into the drawer, she'd donned her sexiest lingerie set, another item of clothing she hadn't bothered with for a while. She'd slipped on her three inch stiletto heels with no worries. They might make her taller than some men, but Simon would still tower above her. Her husband was so muscular and tall that he'd been the first man to actually make her feel petite.

Her jacket on her arm and her small clutch purse in hand, she looked around the large room, spotting Simon leaning against the counter, his back to her, talking on his cell phone.

Kara moved into the kitchen, the clicking of her heels on the tile floor causing Simon to turn around.

"I'll call you later, Mom." Simon switched the phone off and dropped it into the pocket of his suit, his gaze never leaving her as it roamed over her body possessively.

"Is everything okay at your Mom's?"

"Everyone's fine," Simon answered distractedly, his covetous stare never wavering.

Kara sighed, eyeing her gorgeous husband in a dark gray suit and burgundy tie. "You're looking very handsome, Mr. Hudson," she teased, trying to get her racing heart under control. Even after two years of marriage, Simon got to her, especially when he was looking at her like he wanted to devour her whole.

He stalked toward her like a predator, his eyes flaring with hunger. "You look beautiful, but I'm not sure I like that dress," he growled.

Kara's heart sank. "It looks too tight?"

"It makes you look like every man's goddamn fantasy, and I don't want you to be any man's fantasy except mine," he grumbled unhappily as he stopped in front of her.

Kara let out a startled laugh. "You're the only one crazy enough to think I look good." She was letting her own insecurities get to her. Simon had never, ever criticized the way she looked. In fact, he'd always made her feel like the most desirable woman in the world. Even when she'd been at her frumpiest since she'd given birth, he'd told her she was beautiful. She just hadn't believed it.

"You don't just look good. You look hot and too damn sexy." He speared a hand through her hair and tilted her head up.

Her breath hitched as she heard a possessive, feral tone in his voice that she hadn't heard in a long time, the sound of a man who was about to lose control. She exhaled into his mouth as he gave her a warm, gentle, tender kiss on the lips before releasing her to help her put on her jacket.

Did I really think he was going to tear my clothes off right here in the kitchen and take me?

Kara loved the tender side of Simon, but she missed her out-of-control husband who had to have her, needed to possess her and know that she was his.

He guided her out the door and to the private elevator for the penthouse without saying another word. Breaking the silence as they stood by the doors, she asked curiously, "Where are we going?"

Letting her into the elevator first before following her, he answered, "I made a reservation at your favorite Italian restaurant."

"Oh, God," she moaned. "The pasta will go right to my hips. I'm trying to lose weight."

"Why?" Simon asked, sounding perplexed as he pushed the button for them to go down to the ground floor.

Her head snapped up and she gaped at the confused look on his face. "You know I've gained weight since I had Ginny. I haven't lost my baby weight. I don't feel...sexy anymore," she confessed, knowing she never had felt sexy until she met Simon.

It's time to step up to the plate and tell him about my insecurities. I don't want to hide my emotions from him anymore.

Simon's face grew stormy and he reached out and punched the emergency stop button with an angry grunt. "Is that the reason why you were nearly killing yourself on the treadmill? And why you're barely eating?"

"I'm eating," she argued.

"Not enough," he grumbled, crowding her against the wall of the elevator. "You think you're not sexy?" He pinned her to the wall of the plush elevator with his muscular body, a hand on both sides of her head, his body an impenetrable wall against her.

"We don't have sex the way we used to, and I know I'm carrying extra weight," she blurted out without censoring herself, letting Simon know exactly how she was feeling.

"Jesus Christ," Simon hissed irritably. "You're the mother of my child now. I can't be the same selfish bastard that I used to be. You're exhausted taking care of our child."

"I'm also a woman," she reminded him hesitantly. "I need you."

"You are my woman," his forceful voice informed her. "My wife. But you never seemed to want me. I knew you were tired, and you fucking shied away from being naked in front of me all the time. I thought you were sending me signals that you were either too tired or not in the mood, and I didn't blame you. I tried to help as much as I could with Ginny, but it wasn't enough."

Kara froze as she gazed up at his face. She hadn't wanted to be naked in front of him, and she'd breastfed Ginny until she was a year old. The first months had been rough, her daughter waking during the night wanting feeding. Then came the colic, and lastly the teething. Kara's priority had been taking care of her daughter, and she probably hadn't been in the mood. "I was tired until Ginny got past the colic and teething," she admitted. "After that, the exhaustion got better. But I didn't want you to see my body because of the extra weight and my stretch marks. I feel...unattractive, Simon." She wondered if this was how all women felt after having a baby. She hadn't been herself, barely taking time to shower in those early months when Ginny needed her constantly.

Simon pinned her hands over her head with a husky, tortured groan. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, and you're even more beautiful because you've borne a child, our daughter. I was trying to be respectful of what you needed. I felt like a selfish bastard every time I had to have you, but I tried to be quick and gentle with you."

Kara's eyes filled with tears. "You were gentle. And I wanted you, too. I just didn't feel sexy. I want to feel like your woman again."

"Fuck!" Simon's curse exploded, the sound booming in the small space. Stepping back, he released her wrists and held her face between his hands, forcing her to look at him. "You are my woman. You never stopped being mine, and you'll always be mine. Don't you know that I can't live without you, that you'll always look beautiful to me? Christ. You accepted my damn scars. I don't think you even see them when you look at me. Do you think it was easy for me not to lose it every time I was inside you? No matter how tired I am, every time I see you, my cock is hard. Every time I look at you, I want you. Every. Single. Fucking. Time." His voice was low and vibrating with emotion.

Seeing the fierce possessiveness and adoration in his dark eyes, Kara's tears started to fall.

I'm an idiot. Simon loves me. He's always loved me. If I'd just talked to him, he would have reassured me.

Kara hadn't ever seen Simon's scars as something that made him unattractive. She'd only seen the pain they'd caused him, and it made her heart ache. To her, he was perfect. His strength, his capacity to still love after all he'd been through had been what made her fall in love with him in the first place. He never did anything on a small scale, and his single-minded goal of making her happy had touched her soul. He'd always said he was clueless when it came to romance, but the way he went way over the top with everything just to please her was one of his most endearing qualities. "You're absolutely perfect," she whispered, stroking back a lock of wayward hair on his forehead. "Beautiful."

Simon shot her a wicked grin. "What happened to stubborn, bossy, and domineering?"

Oh, yeah. Her husband was a dominant, hardheaded alpha male, but she loved even those qualities. Most of the time! "I like that sometimes," she told him in a fuck-me voice that made it abundantly clear where she really adored his bossiness.

"Don't push me, woman. My patience is about shot," he warned her.

Kara visibly flinched as the emergency phone rang in the elevator. It wasn't the first time that had happened. She had fond memories of this particular elevator.

Simon snatched the phone, grumbling into the mouthpiece, "We're fine. I'm looking for something. It could be a while. Don't call again." He hung up the phone with an audible slam, not even waiting for a response.

Kara moaned and slumped against the wall. "I can't believe you just did that. Security will think we're having crazy sex in the elevator." She raised an eyebrow at him, her heart beginning to pulse heavily. "What could you be looking for that takes this long?"

Simon's eyes turned dark and liquid. "My wife," he replied dangerously, opening her jacket and tugging it down her arms. "It seems like I've waited forever to see her beautiful body again, to hear her scream my name while she's coming around me. I can't wait any longer," he growled.

"Simon, we can't do this here." Her words held no conviction, her legs growing weak as her core clenched with need. Bossy, demanding Simon was back, and all she wanted to do was let him manhandle her, take her over with the passion she could see firing in his eyes.

"We are doing it here. Now," he demanded.

The insistent command in his voice told her he was nearing the end of his control. Thank God!

He unzipped the back of her dress and pulled it over her head, and she heard him release a tortured groan as she lifted her arms so he could free her from the garment. It dropped to the floor, unnoticed.

"Jesus, woman. Are you trying to kill me?" he grunted, his eyes roaming covetously over her scantily clad body.

She was wearing red lingerie, with miniscule panties, thigh high stockings, and a lacy bra that was so thin, she knew he could see her hard, sensitive nipples. "I thought you liked my sexy lingerie," she teased, feeling more comfortable as she saw the expression of rampant desire on his face.

"I fucking love it. But you know what it does to me." Simon shot her a feral, carnal look.

Kara shivered as he ran his hands over her body, teasing her nipples through the flimsy fabric of her bra, and stroking his hands over her abdomen and hips. The desperate, rough touch of his fingers set her body on fire.

"You look even sexier now than you did before our daughter was born, and I didn't think it was possible for me to want to fuck you any worse than I did then. But I do. It was hell trying to be quick and gentle all the time. I thought it was what you wanted. But I think you want it the same way I do right now. I think you need it to understand exactly how I feel." His hands stroked over her hips and then cupped her ass, his fingers squeezing her flesh, and then using his grip to pull her body flush against his. "Your body still fits against mine like you were made for me. It's mine, sweetheart. You're mine," he whispered in a graveled voice, his hot breath wafting over her ear. "You're a fucking goddess. Don't ever hide yourself from me again," he demanded as he pulled her tighter against him.

Kara bit back a moan as she felt his engorged cock against her core through the material of his dress pants. "Never," she agreed. She was ready to capitulate on anything he wanted if he'd just fuck her senseless. He was right. She did need it. She needed her Simon exactly as he was: raw, untamed, and completely out of control.

Taking his hands from her ass, he buried them in her hair and held her head in place as he covered her mouth with his in a kiss that was far from gentle. Kara relished it, fisting his hair as he devoured her mouth, branding her with the fire of his desperate embrace. He demanded, and she gave, opening to him as he explored the recesses of her mouth with his tongue boldly, greedily.

They both came out of the kiss panting and needy.

"Mine." Simon's tone was carnal, snapping her flimsy bra easily and letting it fall to the plush carpet soundlessly.

He cupped her breasts, teasing her nipples with his thumbs mercilessly. "These are so full and beautiful." Simon lowered his head and latched onto one of the sensitive peaks, sucking it in, and then biting down hard enough to make the pleasure/pain sensation nearly unbearable.

Kara gripped the metal bar at her back to keep from falling, letting her head slump against the wall. "Oh, God. Simon. Please."

He lifted his head. "Please what, baby?"

"Fuck me," she insisted, her pussy quivering in anticipation.

"I plan on it. Eventually. I need to make you come first." He dropped to his knees, placing open-mouthed kisses to her abdomen, over the stretch marks. "I love these marks. They make me crazy. They remind me that you got them from having our child."

Kara let her tears flow as he kissed every scar, the sincerity and heat in his voice making her realize what a fool she'd been. "I love you," she gasped.

"I love you, too, sweetheart." His voice, low and husky, was muffled against her belly. "Are you ready for me, Kara?" he rumbled. "I think I need to find out," he told her fiercely, his fingers delving beneath her fragile panties. "Christ. You're so hot and so wet. Do you know what it does to me when your body responds to me this way?"

Kara moaned as Simon ran one finger through her folds, the digit greeted by the liquid proof of her longing for him. "Please. I want you so much."

"Then you'll have me." He gripped the delicate material of her panties and tore them from her body. "Jesus. I need to taste you." He groaned as he grasped her ass and buried his face in her pussy.

"Simon," she whimpered, quivering as he ran his tongue the entire length of her pussy, from her sheath to her pulsating clit. She removed one of her hands from the bar behind her and thrust it into his hair, bringing his face closer, harder against her.

He didn't tease her; he consumed her in his own dominant, voracious way that had her body begging for release. His lips, teeth, and tongue were urgent. Wild. Ferocious. Zeroing in on her engorged, sensitive clit, he was a man on a mission with only one goal, one objective. He was determined to make her come. Hard.

The heat in her belly started to unfurl, shooting straight to her core. Her entire body started to tremble, and Kara felt like she was being incinerated. "Yes. Yes. Yes." She chanted the word like a mantra as she imploded, her climax washing over her with a force that made her come unraveled. "Simon!" She screamed his name as her core clenched and released, the spasms hitting her so hard that she had to take her hand from his head and clutch at the bar behind her just to stay on her feet.

He wrung every bit of pleasure he could from her, lapping at the liquid fire of her orgasm.

Finally, he rose to his feet, tearing at his belt and the zipper of his pants. "I need to fuck you, baby."

Slumped against the wall, still trying to catch her breath, Kara reveled in the out-of-control, feral expression on his face. She loved his dirty talk when he lost all restraint. It fueled an answering wildness in her, a need that was not only physical but soul deep to have Simon claim her in the most elemental way. "Do it. I'm beyond ready for you. Fuck me."

Expecting him to wrap her legs around him and take her against the wall, she was surprised when he growled, "Wall sex isn't going to cut it. I need you under me. All mine." He wrapped his arms around her waist and brought her gently to the plush carpet.

The elevator compartment was enormous and private. They were the only ones who used it and it was incredibly clean. But Kara was so desperate she wouldn't have given a crap if it wasn't. She wanted, needed the same things as Simon did right now. "Yes." She sighed as Simon pinned her wrists over her head, his ripped, solid, almost completely clothed body coming on top of her, trapping her beneath him. "Fuck me, Simon. Now."

He'd only taken the time to release his rock-hard cock, and Kara could feel it probing at her folds, sliding sensually against her hyper-sensitive clit. Their eyes locked and held for an endless moment, communicating their mutual need without words.

"Mine," he stated possessively before his mouth crashed down on hers.

He kissed her with a carnal force that left her breathless and squirming beneath him. When he released her mouth, she begged, "Please. I need you."

"Tell me that you want me as much as I want you," he ordered, his mouth buried in her neck, nipping her flesh, and then stroking his tongue along the sensitive skin.

Sweet baby Jesus. Kara was about to lose her mind, wanting nothing more than for Simon to take control of her body and claim her. His probing cock made her squirm beneath him, and lift her hips to try to get him inside her. "I need you more than you need me. Now fuck me."

"Baby, you could never need me more than I need you," he rumbled huskily into her ear. "Wrap those sexy long legs around me and hold on."

She responded immediately, knowing her heels were digging into his ass, but she still urged him forward with her legs, tightening them around his waist.

Kara knew the moment Simon snapped completely. Positioning himself against the entrance of her channel, he buried himself to the balls inside her with one forceful thrust, releasing a low, carnal groan as he filled her.

She moaned in response, the merging of their bodies rough and elemental. "Yes. Yes. I need you so much." She urged him on, knowing how much he loved to hear that she needed him, wanted him. And she loved being able to say the words to him, because they were true.

"You'll come for me, again. I need to make you come," he rasped.

She tried to pull her wrists free, wanting to touch him, but he held her immobile, completely at his mercy. He didn't start slow, and she didn't want him to. She'd waited too long to feel Simon raw and untamed again. Every stroke of his cock filled her, fulfilled her longing for him to remind her just how hot and wild their passion could burn.

She met his every entry into her sheath, raising her hips as he slammed into her over and over with a ferocity that had her thrashing her head in ecstasy. "Simon. Yes. Harder." Greedily, she wanted everything he had.

"Come for me, baby. I won't last long," he warned her darkly, his chest heaving, his big body shuddering like he was fighting to hold back.

Kara lost herself to Simon the moment he covered her mouth with his, every sensation amplified. Her sensitive nipples abraded against the coarse fabric of his jacket, his tongue mimicked his cock with deep, fast thrusts into her mouth, and his cock pummeled her, his hips grinding against her pussy every time he buried himself inside her.

Her climax hit hard and explosively, rocking her body as her channel clenched around his cock, milking him to his own release.

"Fuck!" Simon bellowed loudly, his body shuddering as his hot release flooded her womb. Releasing her wrists, but remaining inside her, he rolled and held her body on top of his, both of them breathless and spent.

Still dazed, Kara smiled as she realized she finally felt like a woman again. Simon's woman. She wished the transition back to herself hadn't taken so long, that she and Simon had talked about this before. But maybe she hadn't been ready. Maybe being a mommy had needed to come first before she could find her way back to being a woman again.

"I missed you," she whispered. "I missed you so much."

Simon stroked a hand over her back comfortingly. "I've always been here, baby. And I always will be." He paused before adding, "I missed you, too. But Ginny needed you first. I just wish I could have been there for you more, helped more. I knew you were exhausted, and I felt so fucking helpless sometimes." His voice was filled with remorse and frustration.

Kara's mind flashed back to nighttime feedings, being up with Ginny when she was fussy with colic and teething, diaper changes, and all of the other responsibilities and worries of new parents. Maybe there were some things that Simon couldn't do, but he'd always been there, right beside her. "You're a very good daddy," she told him gently.

"I love you more every day that we're together, sweetheart. I don't ever want you to forget that," Simon's words were a vow. "And you can always talk to me. I'm always ready and willing to show you exactly how beautiful you are to me."

Kara sighed, knowing her insecurities and lack of feeling sexy were probably just part of the process of being a new mom. "I know. It wasn't you. I guess it was just a part of being a new mother that I needed to go through. But we should have talked more instead of guessing about how the other was thinking. Thank you for helping me get my sexy back," she told him with a smile.

"Baby, you never lost it in my eyes," he answered, his tone protective and fierce. "But I'd be happy to help you keep finding it."

Kara sighed, realizing that he'd been constant, his love and his desire always there. It had been she who had had doubts and insecurities. "I'm ready." Her heart swelled with happiness. "Are we done with the condoms now?"

"Hell, yes. Having anything between us drove me fucking crazy. But I was so worried about you getting pregnant again that I used them for extra protection. It was my own paranoia, and I'm over it. You're on birth control, and I'd rather be as close to you as I can possibly be. I'm ruined. I just reminded myself of how good you felt," he said, disgruntled.

"I'd be happy to reinforce the reminder," Kara teased.

"I'm taking you out for dinner first," he demanded. "I want some time with my wife. And you're going to eat. Your body is perfect."

"I'm starving," she admitted, her stomach grumbling. She knew her post-pregnancy body was far from perfect, but she had no doubt that Simon believed it was.

Simon rose and helped her to her feet. He tucked himself back into his pants, watching her as she slipped her dress over her head. "I guess I need to start buying you more lingerie," he noted with a naughty grin, scooping up her ruined panties and bra and shoving them into his pocket.

"I do have an underwear problem. If we don't go back upstairs, I'll be sitting through dinner with no bra and no panties." Kara smiled. It wasn't the first time they'd had that dilemma.

Simon seemed to consider that problem for a moment before he finally slapped the buttons on the elevator to release it from the emergency stop to move upward again. "It's a tempting idea, but I can't stand the thought of any other man getting a look at what's mine," he told her possessively.

Leaning forward, she grasped his tie and pulled him close to her. "You can rip the new ones off later."

His eyes flared with dark desire. "Count on it."

Kara's core clenched tightly. She could hardly wait.

"Simon, you have to stop buying Christmas gifts for me and Ginny. We still have three weeks until Christmas and all of the space under the tree is full," Kara told her husband gently, taking a sip of her wine while she watched Simon demolish his tiramisu.

Dinner had been delicious, but she was stuffed full of pasta and rich cream sauce. While Simon ate his dessert, she carefully broached the subject of his habit of going way over the top when it came to gifts. Every single day, he brought home more presents for Ginny and her. At his current rate of adding to the collection under the tree, their enormous living room would be full to the ceiling by Christmas. It certainly wasn't like he couldn't afford it, but she'd tried unsuccessfully to make him realize that she and Ginny didn't need any more gifts. Their greatest gift was Simon.

Simon shrugged. "I love you. I want to give you everything you need."

A tremulous sigh left Kara's mouth, and she looked at her husband adoringly. "We have everything we need. We have you. Ginny and I want for absolutely nothing already." It wasn't only on holidays that Simon gave. Kara had a collection of jewelry that could probably rival the Crown Jewels.

Simon had grown up with nothing, and he was trying to make sure the ones he loved never wanted for anything. Ginny was already growing up with a golden spoon in her mouth. Literally. Simon had bought his daughter a solid gold feeding spoon, for God's sake. Kara didn't want her daughter spoiled rotten. She and Simon had both grown up poor and knew the value of money. She wanted to spoil Ginny, but she also wanted her to understand the value of money.

"My wife and child deserve to be taken care of." The words were obstinate.

Kara rolled her eyes with exasperation. He was so damn adorable when he was trying to defend his right to give them things. "We are taken care of. We're both spoiled rotten."

Simon nodded his head sharply as he dropped his fork and napkin on his empty dessert plate. "Good. That's the way I like it."

Damn. It's so hard to argue with him. I never win.

"Your daughter is going to end up being a spoiled brat," she warned him ominously, but she was biting back a smile.

His dark eyes met hers, and his words were adamant, "No, she won't. She's going to be as sweet as her mother. She's your daughter, and she'll grow up to be just like you."

Oh, hell. How can I argue when he says things like that?

"Can you slow it down a little so we can get into the living room on Christmas morning?" Truthfully, she didn't want to change Simon, she just wanted him to realize that they loved him and not the things he gave them.

"Maybe. No promises." He grinned at her shamelessly. "Maybe if I knew I was getting some heart-wishes for Christmas, it might slow me down a little."

Kara smiled back at him, unable to resist his mischievous grin. He still loved those silly little handmade paper hearts she'd given him when she hadn't had the money to buy him an actual gift for Valentine's Day. He got one thing he wanted from her for each heart she gave him. Sadly, she realized she hadn't given him any of the heart-wishes on any holiday since Ginny was born, probably because he usually used them to get her naked. "If you slow it down, you might get some heart-wishes this year," she bantered cheekily.

"I'll stop for the rest of the week," he promised.

Kara snickered. "That'll work. I think you'll get some in your stocking, if you're a good boy for the rest of the week." Honestly, it amazed her that he loved those little pieces of paper so much. He was a billionaire, but nothing had ever made him as happy as getting those little hearts that he could turn in whenever he wanted her to grant his wish.

"We're only talking about not bringing home presents this week, right?" he asked carefully, folding his arms in front of him.

She leaned across the table, speaking in a low voice that only Simon could hear. "Oh, yeah. Just about the gifts. Otherwise, I'd be happy if you'd be very, very bad."

His eyes flared, desire swirling furiously in his heated gaze. "Thank God. Being good is really hard," he answered in a relieved voice.

"How hard is it?" she asked sultrily. "And I never really wanted you to be that good."

"Right now, it's about as hard as it can get," he rasped.

Liquid heat pooled between her thighs and her core clenched with violent need. She'd been deprived of her raw and hungry husband for too long. "Well, I'm ready to leave," she squeaked eagerly, reaching for her jacket. Holy hell! She couldn't wait to get home now.

Simon's grin was wicked as he rose and helped her put on her jacket. Her cell phone startled her, the muffled ring coming from her small purse. She fumbled with the clutch and pulled out her phone. "It's Maddie," she told Simon as she looked at the caller ID.

She stepped outside to answer the call while Simon took care of the bill. By the time she'd finished, he was just walking out of the restaurant.

"You're frowning. What's wrong?" Simon asked in a concerned voice.

"One of the patients from the clinic is in the hospital. It's serious, and he's all alone. Maddie can't leave the babies right now. I have to go," Kara told Simon anxiously. "Can you drive me?"

He scowled at her. "You care about this guy," he observed unhappily. "I know you get attached to all of your patients, but you look freaked out."

She'd just finished stowing her phone back in her purse, and her head jerked up to look at him, worried about the jealousy and hurt she heard in his voice. She reached out her hand and grasped his forearm. "He's not a guy really. He's seven years old and his name is Timmy Madden. Maddie diagnosed him with type 1 diabetes, and he was supposed to be seeing a specialist, getting a team of professionals to help him. His mother was a prostitute and was never sure who his father was. She evidently never got him the medical care he needed. They found her dead in her apartment near the clinic, and Timmy was in a coma. He's sick and he's just a child, Simon. And he doesn't have anyone there with him," she told him desperately.

"Shit," Simon's frustration was evident. "I'm sorry, baby." He pulled her into his arms and hugged her tightly. "I'll go with you."

"Thank you." She squeezed him back, her sadness for Timmy making her heart break. "He's always been such a good little boy. He doesn't deserve any of this."

"No kid deserves something like that, sweetheart," Simon answered huskily, wrapping an arm around her and leading her to the car.

After he settled her into the Bugatti, Simon drove carefully but way too fast to get to the hospital.

For once, Kara didn't tease him about the possibility of getting a speeding ticket in his expensive sports car.

In fact, she never said a word.

Simon watched as Kara fussed over the small child in a bed in the pediatric ICU, one that looked way too big for him. The kid had woken up, but he was disoriented and clinging to Kara like he never wanted to let her go.

He knew the feeling.

Nobody had to tell him that his wife was special. He'd known that from the moment he'd seen her. Her compassion was endless and her ability to love incredible. Hell, she put up with his cranky ass, and he thought that was a damn miracle. The fact that she actually loved him was almost unbelievable. But he believed it. He experienced it every damn day, and he was more grateful for that love than she could ever rationally understand.

Simon eyed the boy from his seat next to Kara. He was dark-haired, and his brown eyes looked too big for his face because he was so thin. As the kid looked at him, Simon saw the weight of the world reflected back at him in the eyes of a seven year old who had seen too much, experienced too much sadness in his short life.

Fuck! Why is nobody protecting him, taking care of him? How is it that he has nobody in this world who gives a damn about him except Kara and Maddie?

"Who's that?" Timmy asked Kara as he clung to her hand, his voice weak, and his words slurred.

"That's my husband, sweetie. His name is Simon," Kara responded in a sweet, gentle voice.

"Is he the guy who made you your own computer game?" Timmy asked groggily, but his voice was more animated. He looked at Simon with a slightly awed expression.

Simon designed some of the most popular computer games in the world, and Kara loved to play them. He had actually made Kara her own game and named it The Adventures of Kara. He'd never intended to release it to the general public, but she'd badgered him to do it because she wanted other people to enjoy it. He finally had, and it had been enormously successful.

"Yep. My husband is a genius," she told Timmy. "He makes all kinds of games."

"I wish I knew how to play." Timmy's answer was wistful.

"You don't know how to use a computer?" Simon was incredulous. What kid in this day and age didn't know how to use a computer?

"I learned some when I went to school, but we weren't allowed to play games. But some of my friends talked about the Myth World games and they sound fun," Timmy said longingly.

Those were his games, his designs, and the hottest games on the market. "I make the Myth World games," Simon confessed in a more gentle voice. "I'll teach you how to play when you're feeling better."

Of course the kid didn't have a computer of his own. He was poor, and Simon knew what it was like to grow up in severe poverty.

"For real?" Timmy answered, looking like he wasn't quite sure he could believe Simon.

Simon's heart clenched as he answered, "I promise, and promises are important to me. I never break them."

They were interrupted as the nurse came into the room. Even as sleepy as Timmy was, he obligingly held out his finger to be poked, never even flinching as the nurse stuck him for blood to test his sugar level.

Brave kid. Life is so fucking unfair sometimes. Not only does the poor little guy have nobody in this world who cares about him, but he's poor and sick. What the hell? I might have grown up in poverty, and in a tough neighborhood, but at least I had Sam and my mother, and I was relatively healthy.

Kara and Timmy's nurse conferred for a few minutes before the latter left the room. Simon didn't catch exactly what they were talking about, but judging by the relieved look on his wife's face, Timmy must be getting better.

"Does that hurt?" he asked Timmy. Simon was genuinely curious and concerned for the little boy who had endured so much.

"Naw. The shots don't hurt neither, and they make me feel better," Timmy answered nonchalantly. "I just don't like the hospital."

"I don't blame you," Simon muttered, amazed by how the child seemed to take everything in stride. It was damn sad when a boy his age didn't kick up a fuss about anything. Probably because no one would care if he did.

Timmy looked back at Kara and asked solemnly, "My mom is dead, isn't she?"

Simon looked at the torn look on Kara's face before she answered sadly, "Yes, Timmy. She is. I'm sorry, sweetie."

The boy nervously plucked at the blanket on his bed. "She hated me. She told me so. It was my fault because she drank, and I was a big problem because I was sick. But I still didn't want her to die."

"It wasn't your fault," Simon answered huskily. "Drinking is a sickness, too. She was sick, and she wasn't happy. But it wasn't your fault. She didn't mean it when she said she hated you. It was the sickness."

Kara shot him a grateful look, her eyes shining with unshed tears. "Simon's right. It wasn't your fault, Timmy."

"I think she really did hate me. Because I'm sick and I need so many doctors, I was too much trouble for her," he answered, sounding resigned.

Simon clenched his fists, trying to restrain himself. He was angry, pissed at a woman who was already dead. "No child should ever be a problem to their parents. Did you ask to be born?"

Timmy shook his head slowly.

"She gave you life, and she should have taken better care of you, but she couldn't because she was sick herself. It's not your fault that you need doctors. It's not your fault that you're sick. You can get better, Timmy. You just need to get the care you need. Your mom couldn't handle that, but somebody else will." Maybe his conversation was a little too adult for the kid, but Timmy seemed to be an old soul, and Simon seemed to know instinctively what to say. Maybe it was because he could emphasize with some portions of the kid's childhood.

"Do you really think so, Simon? I've always been sick." Timmy's voice was cautiously hopeful.

"I know so," Simon rasped, still angry that this child had never gotten the care he needed.

"You really can, Timmy," Kara reinforced. "When they get you stabilized and stronger, you can do all the things you've wanted to do." Kara stroked his hair tenderly. "You'll get better."

"I want to learn to play Myth World," Timmy said with a huge yawn. "Simon's going to teach me when I get better."

Simon decided at just that moment that he'd buy the kid a whole damn system and be his tutor so Timmy could kick everybody else's ass at his games. "Get better fast," Simon demanded. "It takes a while to get the hang of it and kick some butt."

Kara sent him a reproving glance at his language, but Timmy just grinned at him, a little hesitantly, but with dawning hope.

"I'll get better by tomorrow," the child said emphatically as his eyes started to droop.

"I'll be ready," Simon answered, his heart swelling that the boy believed in him when he'd had so few adults who gave him reason to believe.

Simon was silent after that, watching Timmy closely as he drifted off to sleep, Kara still grasping his hand and stroking his hair.

Mine.

Christ, he loved his kindhearted wife. Very few women would take the time to comfort a small boy who had nobody else in the world. No wonder he fucking worshipped her.

And she doesn't understand why she's so damn beautiful to me?

Kara was sexy as hell because she was...Kara. Her fuller figure and the love that she gave their baby girl just made his cock even harder every time he looked at her. She was perfect in his eyes, and always would be. Thank fuck he could finally love her the way he wanted to, the way he needed to. Time hadn't dampened his crazy, possessive love for her; it had just made it more intense.

They stayed until Timmy fell asleep, and Simon walked silently to the car, clinging to the same hand that Timmy had had in his grasp a short time ago.

It wasn't often that his thirty-five-year-old self could be completely humbled by his thirty-year-old wife and a seven-year-old kid from the streets. But as Simon struggled for the words to tell Kara how he felt, he knew there was no way to convey to her how much he loved her.

"I love you," he simply told her fiercely, right before he closed the passenger door.

Unable to express himself with more eloquent words, it would have to be enough.

Kara hopped into the shower, just as she always did whenever she arrived home from the clinic or the hospital, thinking about just how lucky she was to have such an extraordinary husband.

"How many billionaires would care about one of the many street kids out there who have nobody to really love them?" she whispered silently to herself while she washed shampoo from her hair.

She and Simon had talked about Timmy all the way home, Kara explaining his painful and sad history. She'd always adored the sweet little boy, and her heart had ached every time he left the clinic, she and Maddie both hoping that this time, his mother would follow up with Timmy's care. Maddie had reported what she suspected was neglect to the authorities several times, but nothing had ever come of it. After Timmy was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, Kara had made the appointment herself with a specialist for him. Yes, his mother had been a scattered emotional mess and a raging alcoholic, but it never occurred to Kara that she wouldn't follow through on Timmy's care when she knew damn well how serious her son's condition was.

"It's so unfair," she whispered fiercely, scrubbing her skin with a sponge.

"Talking to yourself again, sweetheart?" Simon asked, his voice teasing as he opened the door and entered the large shower.

Sputtering as she rinsed the soap from her eyes, Kara finally cleared her vision to see the perfectly splendid form of her husband in front of her. Her breath caught as her eyes roamed up and down his body, taking in every defined muscle of his six-pack abs and rippling biceps. Simon wasn't handsome in a conventional way, but the entire package of the man was irresistible, dark, seductive, and incredibly hot.

Sweet Jesus, he's beautiful.

She reached out and traced the scars on his chest, a testament to just how strong Simon really was, and the power of his will to survive. Every single thing about him had always drawn her to him, lured her closer to him until they were completely entwined.

Dropping the sponge and adding soap to her hand, she offered huskily, "Would you like me to scrub your back for you?" Dear God, she needed to touch his masculine, strong, naked body. It had been way too long.

He turned obligingly without a word, and Kara stroked her soapy hands over his shoulders and back, lingering over each tense, flexing muscle. "You're tense." She kneaded at the contracting muscles, forcing them to relax. "What's wrong?"

"I guess I'm still thinking about the kid. The whole situation really pisses me off. Do you know he didn't once ask about my scars, and he wasn't afraid of me?" he told her in a puzzled, low voice.

Kara sighed softly, loving her husband even more because he was still troubled by Timmy's situation. While it was true that Simon could be formidable, it wasn't intentional on his part. He was a big man, dark, and the scars on his face were intimidating, even though Kara just saw them as being part of who he was. He was also blunt, gruff, and often anti-social, although he'd changed a great deal in the last two years. "Children have good instincts," she told him matter-of-factly. "He knew he could trust you." She glided her palms over his rock-hard ass, feeling the muscles flex in response. Simon had the tightest, hottest butt, and she loved the feel of it under her adoring hands. "Turn," she requested.

He swung around, and Kara was confronted with his powerful chest, and one very hard cock. Heat shot straight between her thighs, her core clenching to have his impressive length inside her. Moving her hands down his chest, she wrapped her fingers around the shaft, loving that she could make him this way.

"Kara," Simon grunted in a warning voice.

She ignored him, lowering her body until she was on her knees, and removing her hand to let the water wash away the soap. "My turn," she muttered greedily, grasping his ass with her hands and taking the sensitive tip of him into her mouth. Simon had missed out on any woman giving him oral sex for the first thirty-three years of his life, and she loved knowing she was the only woman who'd ever given him this kind of pleasure. And yeah, she knew it drove him completely insane.

"Fuck. Baby, I'll come." His desperate growl reverberated in the small, contained space.

She smiled as she took as much as she could of his length into her mouth and sucked as she pulled back.

"Christ." Simon fisted her wet hair and took control, guiding her mouth over him faster and faster with a long, tortured groan. Kara tilted her head and watched Simon as his face contorted, water spraying onto his chest, startled when he rasped, "Not. Like. This."

He grasped her around the shoulders and pulled her up easily, pinning her against the wall of the shower in less than a heartbeat. His chest heaved as he stood with his hands braced on each side of her head.

"I wanted to make you come," Kara said indignantly.

"I want to come inside you, Kara. I need it right now. Jesus, woman...do you know how much I love you?" he groaned, his liquid brown eyes fixed on her face. He was still panting heavily as he added, "I don't know how I got so damn lucky or what I ever did to have you fall in love with me and become mine forever, but I'm never letting you go, and I swear I'll never take what we have for granted." His voice was awed and sincere.

Kara's eyes locked with Simon's desperate gaze. "And here I am thinking I'm the one who's lucky." Kara felt damn blessed. There wasn't a better man in the world than Simon, and he filled her heart and soul completely. "I was so alone until you came into my life."

He speared one hand through her hair and said hoarsely, empathetically, "You'll never be lonely again, baby." He swallowed hard. "Promise you'll always stay with me."

Kara wanted to weep when she saw the flash of vulnerability in Simon's eyes. For some reason, he'd always been afraid of losing her, and it was the last thing he needed to worry about. "We're meant to be together, Simon. I think it was fated." She was very rational and realistic, but she'd always felt like she and Simon had been meant to find each other. They simply...fit.

"Then destiny was real fucking good to me," Simon replied, placing both of his hands under her ass and lifting her up against him.

Kara wrapped her legs instinctively around his hips, enraptured by how strong he was, how easily he lifted her body. She was no dainty woman, but he pinned her easily between the shower wall and his enormous body, his eyes never leaving hers.

The water was pounding forcefully against their upper bodies, but neither one of them cared. Kara wrapped her arms around his shoulders and begged, "Take me. Please. I need you."

Simon's eyes flared as he heard her urgency, her desperation for him. He surged into her in one powerful thrust. "Fuck, baby, you feel so damn good."

Her head fell back against the wall of the shower, breaking their eye contact, her body already clamoring for release. "Yes. Please fuck me, Simon." Her fingernails dug into the skin of his back, her senses whirling as she began to drown in pleasure.

"Mine," he declared possessively, as he reared and thrust back into her again.

"Yours," Kara moaned, her senses overwhelmed by her husband's possessive claiming. This was what she wanted, what she needed.

"Tell me what you want," Simon demanded.

"You," she whimpered obligingly, loving the way Simon wanted to be reassured that she belonged to him, that she was satisfied. "Just like this. Hard. Fast. Forever."

He gave her exactly what she wanted, his cock pummeling into her as he grasped her ass tightly, holding her still to accept him over and over again.

"I love you, Kara. I wouldn't be worth a shit without you anymore," he told her passionately.

"You'll never be without me," she assured him, her body tightening with each powerful stroke of his cock.

"Come for me, sweetheart. Come with me," he commanded, grinding his hips against hers with every strong, surging entry, stimulating her throbbing clit.

She started to scream his name as her powerful climax rolled over her, but Simon captured her lips with his, claiming her pleasure as his tongue filled her mouth. He consumed her with his embrace, his large body shuddering, his groan vibrating against her lips as he found his own release.

"Oh, my God..." Kara panted the moment Simon moved his mouth from hers. She dropped her head on his shoulder, completely spent. She'd missed him, missed this so much, the raw passion that caught fire whenever they were together.

Slowly, he lowered her feet to the ground, keeping an arm around her waist as he picked up the sponge and cleaned both of them, taking his time with her. His actions were sweet, tender, and completely different from the obsessed lover he'd been just a few minutes ago. He loved her in so many ways that it made Kara want to cry tears of happiness. "I love you," she murmured softly as he turned off the water, and grabbed a large, fluffy towel to dry her.

Simon was silent as he roughly dried his own body and tossed the towel into the hamper. She squealed as he picked her up and cuddled her against him.

"If you love me, then I really am a lucky bastard," he said gruffly, taking her into their bedroom to prove how much he loved her back.

For the next week, Simon was true to his word, not bringing a single present home to put under the tree. He went into the office for a while almost every day, trying to help cover for Sam. Usually, Simon worked a lot at home in the computer lab, preferring to be out of the public eye. But with Sam and Maddie now having twins who were younger than Ginny, Simon picked up the slack at all of the divisions of Hudson Corporation, going into the office daily to give his brother a break.

Blond and gorgeous, Sam was the public face of Hudson, the workaholic who was almost always in the office. Since he'd reconnected with Maddie, his priorities had changed, and he spent as much time at home as possible with his wife and children, trying to relieve Maddie of some of the stresses of having twins.

Surprisingly, Simon stopped at the hospital every afternoon to visit Timmy, much to Kara's relief. She didn't want the little boy to be alone, but she didn't want to take Ginny into the hospital and expose her to viruses and bacteria at such a vulnerable age. Maddie fretted about him too, but she had her hands full with the clinic and her babies. Luckily, the twins were getting easier for Sam and Maddie to handle as they approached their first birthday.

Kara had been relieved when Simon told her that Timmy was out of the ICU and had been pronounced stable. Eager to see the little boy she adored, she let Helen and Michael babysit one afternoon so she could dash up and see him.

She drove herself, completely aware of Simon's agents following her. She smiled, thinking about all the times in the past where she'd hated being followed. Now, not so much. It was Simon's way of making sure she was safe, and she'd learned to tolerate it because it put her husband's mind at ease.

Finding Timmy's room once she reached the hospital, she froze when she walked through the door.

"Holy shit," she whispered to herself, taking in the multitude of items filling the private room. Colorful balloons floated on the ceiling, and every space was full of toys that most seven-year-old boys only dreamed about.

And there, on the pristine hospital bed, was her husband, with Timmy watching him with focused fascination as he demonstrated something on the laptop resting on his thighs. Simon had his back propped up against the wall, his shoes next to the bed, as he handed the computer to the boy sitting comfortably next to him, who was giving Simon adoring looks as he accepted the electronic device and placed it on his lap.

"You can do it, Tim," Simon said gruffly, watching the boy carefully as his small brows narrowed in concentration, trying to do something on the laptop.

Kara watched, her heart swelling as her husband continued to bark encouraging words at Timmy, trying to help him get through one of his computer games. Simon looked so comfortable, even though the bed was small. He'd shed the jacket of his suit and removed his tie. His white shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and his legs were crossed, his tan socks poking out from beneath his pants.

Now I know why he was content not to bring presents home. He bought them for Timmy instead.

She smiled as she looked around the room. Her husband had gone overboard...as usual. As it was, the nurses couldn't get to Timmy without skirting skateboards, a new bicycle, games, and even stuffed animals. Kara nearly burst out laughing as she saw the enormous teddy bear sitting in one of the chairs, its furry body bigger than its owner's.

Oh, Simon.

He was being so patient with the child, gently correcting him when he made a wrong move on the computer. Their two dark heads were lowered to view the computer screen, looking so natural and sweet together that Kara wanted to weep.

"Aw, I died," Timmy squealed tragically, falling back on the bed.

"You did good," Simon argued. "You made it through two levels this time."

"I'll keep trying," the boy replied determinedly. "Do you think I'll be able to take my stuff with me when I go to a home? They said I can go home soon, but I don't have a home anymore." Timmy looked at Simon and scrambled back into a sitting position, fear creeping into his dark eyes.

Kara's body slumped against the wall.

Oh, God.

She hoped they had found him a good foster home.

"You'll be taking it all," Simon growled. "It's your stuff."

Timmy clambered onto Simon's lap, giving him an earnest look. "Do you think the people who take me will be nice?" His voice quivered with anxiety, his eyes apprehensive.

"They'll be good," Simon reassured him.

"I'm scared," Timmy admitted, throwing his thin arms around Simon's neck.

Kara's heart nearly broke as she watched Simon swallow hard before he wrapped his muscular, protective arms around Timmy's small body.

"I think it's natural to be worried," Simon told him. "But just think about getting well right now, Tim. I won't let anything bad happen to you," he told the boy roughly, protectively.

"Promise?"

"I promise," Simon answered in a graveled, tormented voice.

Kara blinked back her tears as she moved into the room, unable to bear watching Timmy's fear and Simon's anguish a moment longer. "Hey, little man," she said loudly, cheerfully. "You look better." Timmy untangled himself from Simon and threw himself into her arms.

"Kara," Timmy exclaimed breathlessly. "Look what Simon did." He gestured around the room as he clung to her. "And he's teaching me to play Myth World on my very own computer."

"Is he now?" Kara raised an eyebrow at her husband. "I see you got an awful lot of stuff in here, Timmy."

"I don't like that name." Timmy scowled. "It's a baby name. I'm a guy," he added, puffing out his tiny chest, sounding like he was parroting something that a certain someone she knew had told him.

"She's okay to use it," Simon grumbled. "It's just us men who have to use guy names."

The little boy nodded. "Okay then. I guess you can still call me Timmy. But Simon calls me Tim."

Kara hugged the child, smirking at Simon. "Thank you. I think I'd have a hard time changing names now."

Simon shrugged. "It's a guy thing," he mumbled somewhat sheepishly.

She sat on the edge of the bed, watching man and child as they practiced more on the computer games, Timmy's face lit up like she'd never seen before. He'd been so sick when she'd seen him in the clinic, so lethargic. He'd always been sweet, but so incredibly weak. The little boy needed a haircut; she'd try to remember to bring a comb and scissors tomorrow. Otherwise, he looked like a normal, happy child.

The nurse came in with a snack and Timmy's insulin, and Kara and Simon finally left. She found herself feeling depressed as she walked to the parking lot with her husband, even though Timmy was doing well.

"What's wrong?" Simon asked anxiously. "Don't you think he's doing okay? He looks so much better. And he has a lot of energy now."

"Nothing's wrong really. And he's doing fine," she reassured him, threading her fingers through his as they entered the parking lot. "I'm just worried about where he'll go from here. He has special needs. A diabetic child needs special care, and I'm not certain how easy he'll be to place in foster care. He needs a good family, somebody patient. He's such a good boy, and he's had it so hard," she answered tearfully.

"A nurse would make a handy foster parent," Simon said casually. "And somebody who didn't care about money, somebody who maybe has...billions of dollars to make sure he has the best care?"

Kara's head jerked to the side to meet her husband's gaze. Was he thinking...?

"Us?" she asked excitedly. "But we'd have to get approval for foster care," she warned him, not wanting to get his hopes up.

"I found out a few days ago that they were having a hard time placing him. He'll probably have to go to a group home until they can find a permanent place for him." Simon's voice vibrated with frustration and concern. "Baby, I can get us approved. Sam knows the right people. But I think it would be too much for you-"

"It wouldn't. I swear. I know exactly what to do, and a team of professionals will be on Timmy's case. He can get an insulin pump eventually to make things a little easier." She hesitated, running out of breath. Kara stopped and turned to him as they reached his vehicle. "Please, Simon. I don't want him to be alone or with strangers for Christmas. He's had such a hard life. He deserves to be happy for a while." The thought of Timmy going to a strange group home made her heart clench. She couldn't stand the image of that happening.

"Fuck. I can't let it happen, either," Simon rasped. "You should have seen his face whenever I brought him something. Every single time, he thought it was for someone else. I don't think the kid thinks he deserves anything."

"So, we can do it?" Kara asked tremulously, holding her breath.

"We'll sign the papers, and they'll come over to check out the penthouse. Then we can take him when he's discharged," Simon agreed. "Sam's ready to push all the paperwork through. I had a feeling you'd want to take him when you found out what was happening. I just worried about putting anything else on your plate right now. Ginny keeps you busy."

Kara threw herself into Simon's arms with a sob. "Thank you. Thank you." She peppered tiny kisses all over his face.

"I'll help as much as I possibly can. Are you sure this won't be too much?" His voice was concerned and gentle.

She pulled back to look at him as his arms tightened around her waist. "It won't. I'll take a leave of absence from the clinic and stay home. Now that Sam is funding the clinic with donations, we have plenty of staff. Timmy will need constant monitoring for a while."

"I like the kid," Simon admitted gruffly.

Kara considered that Timmy might remind Simon a bit of himself at that age. They'd been raised in similar circumstances. Unfortunately, there had been no rescue for Simon. "I know," she answered with a smile, knowing the child was more likely to follow Simon around with hero-worship on his face than spending a lot of time with her. It was obvious that man and boy adored each other. "Will you have time to spend with him? You're pretty busy."

"I'll make time," Simon vowed.

Simon gave his agents instructions to bring Kara's car home and helped her into his own vehicle.

They talked about Timmy and their upcoming Christmas all the way home.

"I feel like the most unattractive woman in the world. Please explain to me why Sam still pants after me like I'm some sexy goddess," Maddie Hudson asked her sister-in-law wryly. "I'm constantly exhausted, and I'm carrying even more extra weight than before I had the twins. I haven't used any makeup in over a year, and I barely have time to shower, so I'm pretty sure I smell like baby poop and formula most of the time."

Kara turned her head and smirked at Maddie as they walked slowly through the mall. The guys were at the penthouse watching the kids so the girls could do some Christmas shopping. Maddie did look tired, but she glowed, even without makeup, and she certainly didn't stink. Her curly red hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and she was dressed in a pair of jeans, and a colorful Christmas sweater. She looked...happy. "Sam doesn't see anything except you, no matter what your weight might be or how you look. Simon finally...um...convinced me of that a while ago. I think I had a very long case of the baby blues, and we weren't communicating well," Kara informed Maddie as they both stopped in front of Starbucks. She thought back for a moment, wishing she'd approached Simon with her feelings earlier. Her husband was insatiable now that he understood how she'd felt, and she loved it.

"Shall we?" Maddie asked, nodding her head toward the coffee shop.

"Absolutely," Kara replied. "I'm addicted to their cookie crumble coffees. I could use a fix. I'll try not to think about the calories."

Maddie snorted as she walked ahead of her. "Like you need to worry?"

"I did worry," Kara admitted, ordering her coffee at the counter before replying. "I've gained weight, Maddie, and I felt like a hag. I finally told Simon how I felt and he showed me rather convincingly that it didn't matter." She handed the cashier a twenty after Maddie ordered her coffee, dumping the change into the tip cup.

"Sam's the same damn way, and I know I need to lose weight. But then he kisses me like I'm the only woman in the world for him, and I forget all about it," Maddie answered, sounding exasperated.

They picked up their coffees and found a seat in a small booth.

"Can you believe how different our lives are now from how they were a few years ago?" Kara said with a sigh after taking a long swig of her icy drink. "Sometimes I swear that I'm dreaming, and I'm afraid I'm going to wake up to find I'm still alone and homeless."

"And then?" Maddie asked in an amused voice, proceeding to answer the question herself. "And then Simon gets demanding, bossy, and stubborn, so you know it's not a dream. Let's face it, if we were going to make our men dreamy and perfect, we'd never get annoyed at them." Maddie stirred her coffee around with a straw, mixing the whipped cream into her drink.

Kara chortled. "Okay. But Simon's almost perfect."

Maddie sighed. "So is Sam. He's so good with the kids. I don't know how I would have coped in those early days with the twins if not for him. Kade, Asha, Max and Mia were a big help, too."

Asha, Maddie's half-sister, had married into the wealthy Harrison family, and their brother, Max, was a billionaire in his own right.

"How's Asha doing with her new little one?" Kara asked, remembering she'd recently given birth to an adorable baby boy.

Maddie's face softened. "She's good. Kade is an incredible father." She paused for moment before she asked, "How's Simon coping with Timmy? God, I'm so relieved that you two fostered him. Sam and I considered it, and we probably would have done it had you two not decided to take him. After all he's been through, he needs a little bit of happiness," she said wistfully.

Kara shook her head. "We're in a better position to do it. The twins are a handful, and Ginny is getting easier as she gets older. Timmy adores her, and she babbles to him constantly. Simon's great with Timmy, but I think he's getting really attached. If they find him a family, I'm afraid Simon's heart will be broken." And so will mine. They'd only had Timmy with them for a week, but he was quickly becoming part of their family.

"So, look into adopting him."

Oh, how Kara wanted to do that. "I think it's too soon. They're still searching to make sure that Timmy doesn't have any blood family who wants him."

"I never had any record of anybody except his mother, and she's dead," Maddie said flatly. "I doubt anyone will pop up and want a diabetic child that they've never given a damn about before." In a milder voice, she asked, "Is he stable?"

Kara swallowed a sip of her drink, nodding her head. "He's doing great. He even tests his own sugar with supervision. He's amazing. Simon's trying to help him catch up on his studies. He was behind in school because his mother stopped sending him after he was diagnosed. Timmy said she didn't want to be bothered if he got sick at school," she replied, annoyed with the dead woman who had expired from a lethal level of alcohol. Kara still didn't know if she'd died before Timmy went into a coma, but she was glad the boy couldn't really remember much.

Maddie shot Kara a knowing look. "It sounds like Simon isn't the only one getting attached."

"He's not. Timmy's hard not to love," Kara admitted. "He's so starved for attention and affection that he's grateful for every bit of it that he can get. He's happy, and we love having him with us."

Both women finished their drinks at the same time.

"I guess we should get shopping," Maddie said, rising to her feet.

"The only things I really have to buy are for Simon," Kara answered, standing up, feeling tall-like she always did-next to the petite redhead beside her. "He was good for a week because he promised he would be, but then all promises were done. He's been buying gifts for Timmy and Ginny like a maniac."

"Same here," Maddie admitted as she walked out of the Starbucks next to Kara. "It's crazy. The twins won't even remember this Christmas, but they have an enormous pile of presents underneath the tree."

"You know this all stems from their childhood, Maddie," Kara said thoughtfully. "They had nothing, so now that they can afford it, they want to give everything to the people they love."

"I know," Maddie answered softly. "It breaks my heart to think of the Christmases they had as boys."

Kara stopped abruptly, grabbing Maddie's arm so she didn't lose her in the congested mass of holiday shoppers. "Do you have credit cards?"

"Sure. Lots of them. I'm married to Sam Hudson, remember. They have limits so high it's terrifying. Did you forget yours?" Maddie asked, perplexed.

"Nope," Kara answered with a devious look. "But I'm thinking about doing a lot of frivolous buying right now."

"You're up to something." Maddie's expression was playful. "Spill it."

Kara explained her idea and her reasoning to Maddie before both women pulled out their credit cards with obscene credit limits and nearly shopped until they both dropped.

A few nights later, Simon was doing a nighttime check on Timmy's blood sugar when the boy asked him, "Do you think there's really a Santa Clause, Simon? Kara says there is, but he's never shown up for me before."

Simon looked at the bleary-eyed boy, his chest aching. Santa had never found him and Sam when they were kids either, but he wanted Tim to believe in Santa Claus for the rest of his damn life. The kid had gotten majorly screwed throughout his early life, and he needed some magical time. All kids did.

Honestly, Simon had found his magical time with Kara, so he no longer thought much about his unfortunate early life. What he shared with her more than made up for having a crappy childhood. But Tim deserved more. "Kara's pretty smart." Simon swallowed a lump in his throat as he looked at Timmy's sugar level, relieved when it looked fine. "And yeah, I know Santa exists. I think he brought me Kara because he accidentally missed me a few times when I was a kid," he explained carefully. "Santa isn't perfect, but he generally makes up for it later if he misses your house a few times." He disposed of the strip and the trash from checking Timmy's sugar and sat down on the boy's bed.

Tim's face scrunched up in concentration. "So, maybe being with you and Kara for Christmas is my big gift for Santa missing me before." He looked satisfied with that explanation.

Jesus. It sucked when a kid was just grateful to be taken care of and have a roof over his head.

"Santa will find you this year. He knows where I live," Simon told the child gruffly.

"Do you think so?" Tim's face lit up like a lantern.

"I know so," Simon told him adamantly, ruffling the boy's dark hair.

Maybe he shouldn't be encouraging a lie, but hell, the boy had done plenty of living in cold, hard reality. Some fantasy wouldn't hurt. Tim deserved at least one damn extraordinary Christmas, and Simon was determined to see him happy.

"You don't think I'll get taken away before then?" Tim asked anxiously.

Fuck. Simon hated seeing that uncertain look in the little boy's eyes. "No. I won't let anybody take you away. Do you trust me?"

Tim nodded and flung his small body toward Simon. He caught the child as Tim slammed against his chest, hugging him tightly, protectively, settling him on his lap.

"I don't need nothin', Simon. You already gave me more than I need. I just want to stay here with you, Kara and Ginny for Christmas," Tim mumbled, his voice full of longing.

Simon gulped and held Tim tighter as he vowed, "You're not going anywhere. You'll be here." They'd have to go through him to get to this child in his grasp. "Now, get some sleep before Kara gets mad at us."

Tim giggled as he flopped back onto his pillow. "She never gets mad. She just gives me this look sometimes when she isn't very happy about something I did or said."

Simon nodded in agreement. "Tell me about it. I've seen that look a lot more times than you have." He knew all about 'the look' and he hated it. When Kara wasn't happy, he wasn't happy.

"Night, Simon," Tim said sleepily.

Simon stroked a hand over the boy's neatly trimmed hair, a cut that Kara had done herself. "Sleep tight, Tim," he answered in a shaky voice. The kid was getting to him, making him feel protective, as though the boy were his own child.

Getting up, Simon clicked off the overhead light, leaving only a nightlight to illuminate the room.

"Simon?" Tim called tentatively.

Simon turned around. "Yeah?"

"I don't have nothin' to give anybody this year. It's only a week until Christmas, and I want to give something to you, Ginny, and Kara," Tim murmured, his tone upset. "Can you help me make something?"

Simon smiled in the darkness. "We'll go shopping tomorrow if you go to sleep right now," he muttered happily. "I like to Christmas shop." Kara would kill him, but hell, he had to let the kid buy some stuff.

"I'm sleeping," Tim vowed adamantly.

"Good." Simon left the door open a crack and made his way back to his bed to snuggle with his warm, sleeping wife.

Personally, he felt he never needed to receive another gift for the rest of his life. Kara was the best damn gift he'd ever gotten.

But hell, it was great to be a billionaire, and he was damn good at buying stuff. Smirking deviously, Simon was happy because he could buy more stuff for Kara and Ginny. His wife couldn't get irritated if the presents were from Tim.

"Da-da," little Ginny Hudson said happily as Simon spread a mashed banana and some cheerios on the plate of her high chair.

Kara watched as he grinned hugely, right before his daughter threw her arm out and accidentally smacked him in the face. He completely ignored it as he straightened, boasting to Kara, "See how smart she is? Who is mama, Ginny?"

She moved over to her daughter as Ginny babbled, "Ma-ma," waving her arm toward Kara.

Simon had a silly grin on his face that said he thought he had the smartest daughter in the universe.

She leaned over and kissed her darling daughter on the head, Ginny's face already covered in mashed banana. "That's right, my sweet girl," she cooed, watching as Ginny flung Cheerios, only a few of them ending up in her mouth.

"Damn," the toddler muttered clearly.

Kara folded her arms in front of her and gave Simon an irritated glance.

"What? I didn't teach her that!" he protested.

"Then where did she hear it?" Kara asked curiously. Really, it was rather hard to keep a straight face, the sound of that word coming out of her daughter's mouth startling. "Little ears have to learn from somebody."

"I'm sure it was just baby talk," Simon argued, but he didn't meet Kara's eyes. "It only sounded like she was saying da-" He halted quickly and finished, "Um...a bad four letter word."

"It might be my fault," Timmy said unhappily as he joined them in the kitchen for breakfast. "I used to say it sometimes until Simon said it wasn't a nice word," he confessed, looking at Kara warily. "I'm sorry."

Kara's heart melted because Timmy looked so sad. She bent over and kissed the top of his head. He'd been raised in an environment where he'd constantly heard that word and probably many other four letter words that were much worse. It wasn't his fault. "It's all right, sweetheart. But it is a bad word, and we don't want you to say them or for Ginny to pick them up."

"I won't say it again. I promise."

Kara beamed at him. "I know you won't."

"Tim," Ginny squealed excitedly, obviously happy to see him.

Kara watched as Timmy went to Ginny and patiently helped her eat her cheerios.

"How come she doesn't use a spoon?" he asked curiously.

Kara smiled at him. "She isn't quite grown up enough to coordinate a spoon yet, but she will eventually."

"I'll teach her someday," Timmy offered.

Kara looked at her husband. Her heart clenched and they exchanged a melancholy glance. Would Timmy still be here to teach Ginny anything? She felt teary-eyed at the thought that he wouldn't. He was so good with their daughter, and Kara already loved the little boy. She was pretty certain Simon was getting attached to him, too.

All four of them together in one room, they just seemed to...fit. They felt like a...family.

Simon grabbed Timmy around the waist and sat him down at the table, putting his breakfast in front of him. Kara watched as Simon mentally calculated the carbs in the food, and got the appropriate amount of insulin for Timmy's meal. Her husband did it with such ease and such a lack of fuss that it had become part of their morning routine. Amazingly, he didn't shy away from what the diabetic child needed, even though it would have been far easier to leave it for her since she was a nurse. Nope. Not Simon. He attacked everything with gusto, learning everything he needed to know from books and from Timmy's team of medical consultants, which he himself had chosen. Her hubby already handled everything like a seasoned professional.

Kara went over to Ginny, her bare feet crunching down on fallen Cheerios. Her daughter was a complete mess, banana smeared all over her cherubic face. She grinned up at her mother with an innocent look in her dark brown eyes.

She looks so much like Simon.

Ginny had been born with blue eyes and dark hair, but her eyes had started turning brown months ago, and her resemblance to Simon had become even more defined. Her daughter had a generally sunny disposition, but when she got obstinate, Kara swore that Ginny had inherited every one of Simon's ornery, stubborn expressions.

"You're going to be a handful, baby girl, if you get as stubborn as your daddy," Kara said adoringly as she scooped her messy child out of the high chair to clean her up.

"I heard that," Simon called from the dining room table. "I'm not stubborn," he refuted in an obstinate voice.

Kara sniggered as she cleaned up her daughter and then the mess she'd made of her breakfast, while Ginny toddled over to see what her daddy and Timmy were doing. Simon was pigheaded, but he was also heartbreakingly sweet, and his gruff, bossy demeanor all revolved around protecting the people he loved.

It was funny now to think back to the days when he'd intimidated the bejesus out of her.

Grabbing her bowl of cereal and her coffee, she joined her family at the table. Finished with his breakfast, Timmy had Ginny cuddled on his lap and he was listening to her babble as though he understood every word she said.

Simon had his tablet on the table, flipping through some documents and finishing off his coffee. He was dressed casually, looking damn handsome in jeans and a forest green, long-sleeved, button-down shirt. He was expecting Sam, Max, Kade, and Travis any moment now, the four of them getting together to discuss the programs and investments for their charity for abused women. All four billionaires were heavy donors to the cause, and Kade and Travis wanted to keep everyone involved and informed. The charity had been the brainchild of the Harrison brothers because Kade's wife, Asha, had been badly abused, but Sam and Simon raised and donated money, too, and were one hundred percent supportive.

Kara was happy. The men were all bringing their wives and children, so she'd be together again with Maddie, Mia, Asha, and Ally. Their hectic lives made it pretty difficult for them to meet up as often as they liked.

She heard her cell phone ringing a few minutes later, and she jumped up and scrambled to the kitchen, thinking it might be someone who was going to be late dropping by.

It wasn't. And the news that the unwelcome caller relayed was information Kara definitely didn't want to hear.

Hanging up the phone, she walked back toward the kitchen, having stepped into the living room so Timmy wouldn't overhear her conversation. Her husband was just greeting all four men and their families in the hall right inside the door. "Simon. We have a problem," Kara told him loudly enough so he could hear her over the greeting taking place in the hallway.

His dark gaze landed on her with concern. "What is it, sweetheart?"

"That was the Department of Children and Families. They found a distant relative of Timmy's-somebody who might want to take him in." Kara's voice was anxious and tremulous, her knees shaking as she filled him in on the phone call.

"Bullshit," Simon exploded. "This apparent distant uncle never gave a shit about Tim before. I doubt they've ever met."

"They haven't," Kara admitted. "And I don't think they're going to turn him over anytime soon because this person has had some problems with the law in the past. It was the only family of Timmy's that they were able to find."

"Fuck. Tim is not going away with a goddamn criminal he doesn't know. The kid has been through hell. They'll have to go through me to get to him." Simon's voice was protective and rough, his hands clenching at his sides.

"They'll have to go through me, too," Sam offered his support.

"You can add my name to that list," Kade stepped forward.

"And mine," was the short, sharp response from Travis.

"I'm in," Max Hamilton said angrily.

"I'll call right now to have the papers drawn up for the bastard to sign." Sam handed Noah over to Asha, who was holding her arms out for her nephew since Maddie was already holding Brianna. Sam pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and stepped outside the door to talk.

Despite her anxiety, Kara's heart melted as she saw all five powerful men ready to do whatever it took to make sure one small child wasn't mistreated. "How will Sam know who the relative is?" Kara queried softly, laying a hand on Simon's muscular forearm.

His body was tense, his jaw clenched tight, but his expression morphed into one of reassurance and tenderness as he looked down at her. "He'll find out. There aren't many people who don't owe Sam a favor. Important people. I'll protect our boy, whatever it takes."

Our boy.

If Kara hadn't been so uptight, she would have smiled at Simon's slip of the tongue. Judging by the look on his face, Timmy was already his to protect, and he was taking it damn seriously.

She knew from experience that once Simon claimed someone, his protectiveness and affections never wavered.

Stroking her hand over his tight jaw, she answered softly, "I know you will."

Sam got all of the information he needed, and the men all filed out the door, their faces stony and determined.

Kara closed the door behind them and sighed heavily, hoping they could make things right. She didn't want Timmy to be afraid again, worried that he'd be taken away by somebody he didn't know, even if that person was distant family.

"Love is thicker than blood," Maddie called over her shoulder at Kara as all of the ladies and the kids gathered together in the living room. "And can you really doubt that anybody could stand up to all of our men?"

"No," Kara admitted with a weak smile. "One of them is fearsome. Together, they're completely terrifying."

She busied herself with getting something to drink for all of the ladies, a confident smile finally appearing on her face.

Simon had never, ever let her down, and she knew he wasn't about to start now.

Our boy.

She passed by a joyful Timmy on her way to the kitchen, who was happily carrying Ginny with him toward the living room so they could play with Noah and Brianna. Asha's baby did very little except sleep since he was a newborn, not even a month old, but Kara knew Timmy would keep the twins and Ginny busy.

Our boy.

Kara was mollified by Simon's words, knowing that Timmy really did belong with them, and her husband would never let him go without a fight.

Fortunately, he wasn't afraid of conflict, and he'd never lost a battle since she'd known him.

He's too damn stubborn to lose.

Kara was comforted by that thought the rest of the day.

"What happened?" Kara murmured softly from their massive bed, watching her husband as he started to shed his button-down shirt.

Simon had called earlier and asked Kara to arrange for all the women and their children to be sent home amidst tight security since the men were going to be tied up. She'd agreed, and hadn't gotten any word from him since, except for his texts that all was going well.

It was late, but Kara hadn't been able to sleep. She'd waited up for him, every moment seeming like an eternity, slumber eluding her because of her overactive brain.

The bedside lamp was lit, and she could see her husband's enormous grin. "Mission accomplished. We took an attorney with us to draw up the papers for this asshole to sign off any rights to Tim. He lived in a shithole in Georgia, a drunk just like Tim's mother. He was so fucked up that he was barely coherent. We had to sober him up just to get him to sign."

She shuddered at the thought of Timmy being in almost the same situation again. Kara's eyes narrowed. "Did you pay him off, or beat him up?"

"Neither," Simon answered neutrally as he shrugged out of his shirt and tossed it onto a chair. He started working on his jeans before he answered, "Let's just say we confronted him with a little bit of dirt about his criminal activities we found on him, and he decided he didn't want to fight against us. He didn't really want Tim when he found out he had health issues and he'd need special care. I guess he thought he could take the check he got for fostering him and get some slave labor out of him. Bastard. Tim is only seven years old." He stepped out of his boxers and jeans, leaving him completely nude.

Kara sighed as she surveyed Simon's gloriously naked body. He was strong, so muscular and incredibly beautiful. "You're so handsome," she murmured softly, her eyes roaming over his six-pack abs and muscular chest. He bore the scars of his childhood, but they made him even stronger, more powerful, and completely irresistible.

Simon crawled onto his hands and knees on the bed, stalking her. "Woman, if I didn't love to hear you say that so much, I'd swear that you're blind." He tossed back the comforter and the sheets. "Holy hell, you're naked," he croaked.

She smiled at him seductively. "I was waiting for you." After she'd had Ginny, she'd starting wearing a nightgown because she had to get out of bed so many times every night. But she'd missed the intimacy of being skin-to-skin with him.

"Fuck. If I'd known I was going to get this kind of welcome, I would have tortured the bastard to get things done sooner," he said gruffly, his gaze caressing his wife lovingly.

"My hero," Kara whispered as she wrapped her arms around his neck. "Kiss me, handsome."

Simon wasted no time. He flipped her onto her back and pinned her wrists over her head. "Mine, dammit. Mine," he growled as his mouth came down over hers.

Kara reveled in his embrace as Simon's tongue swept into her mouth demandingly, an act of total possession that sent heat shooting straight between her thighs. Their tongues tangled with urgent need, Kara giving way to Simon's dominant insistence.

This is how I like him. Demanding and greedy.

When he broke off the kiss, she was panting, desperate to get him inside her. "Fuck me, Simon. Please."

"Mine," he rasped, kissing and nibbling at the skin on her neck. "Mine." His lips trailed down to her breasts, taking one of the tight peaks into his mouth and worshipping it before he switched to the other. "Mine," he repeated, biting gently on her nipple before soothing it with his tongue.

Kara whimpered and managed to yank one of her wrists free, and she put her hand between their bodies and grasped his cock. "Does that mean this is mine?" she asked breathlessly.

"Baby, my dick has been yours to command since the moment I saw you, and that's never changed. It'll never change. All I have to do is think about you and I'm fucking hard." He let go of her other wrist and slid down her body, forcing her to release his cock.

Kara's breath hitched as he pushed her legs apart with a palm to the inside of each of her thighs. Her heart thundered as she felt his hot breath on her core, her body trembling with need. "Simon. Please," she begged. "I need you."

"Mine," he groaned before he buried his face in her pussy.

She moaned and arched her back as he devoured her, licking her from her anus to her clit, his nose sliding over the throbbing bundle of nerves as he put everything he had into the task of making her come. Hard.

Spearing her hands into his dark hair, she fisted the locks hard, urging him onward. "Harder," she pleaded, needing more. With Simon, she always craved his total possession.

His tongue rolled over and over her clit, each motion harder, rougher. Kara felt the rush of liquid heat between her thighs, her body beginning to quiver. "Yes," she moaned with complete abandon, her head thrashing, and her hands holding Simon's hair in a death grip as he gave her exactly what she needed. He thrust two fingers into her channel, filling her as he bit down gently on her clit and used his tongue to vibrate against the nub.

She flew apart, her climax rolling over her. "Oh, God. Simon." Her sheath pulsated around his fingers, clenching and relaxing as she found her release.

He crawled up her body after he'd wrung every bit of pleasure he could from her orgasm, and lapped up every last drop of her liquid heat. "You taste so damn sweet," he grunted as he covered her body with his own. "I could taste you all fucking night."

"I couldn't take it," Kara answered breathlessly, wrapping her arms around his neck, wallowing in the feel of his warm skin against hers. "Fuck me. Please." She needed him so badly she wanted to weep.

He rolled her over, pulling her on top of him. "You take me, baby. Show me exactly what you want. Touch me."

As Simon lay in a position that he once hadn't been able to tolerate, Kara's eyes grew teary as she looked down at the man who'd learned to trust her completely. The man who actually wanted her touch instead of fearing it.

Boldly, she straddled him, feeling his cock bumping up against her clit as she moved her hips, sliding his long, thick length along her wet folds. "I don't feel like being gentle," she warned him, half serious and half joking, throwing back a comment to him that he'd made to her many times before.

Simon grinned, understanding her tender mocking. "Rough me up, sweetheart. I think I can take it."

She took his head between her hands and leaned down to kiss him, the taste of herself on his lips fuel to her already fiery body. "Hmmm," she hummed as she removed her mouth from his. "You taste like me. Mine," she murmured softly, watching Simon's eyes flare with possessive heat. She knew he loved it when she claimed him like he claimed her.

"Fuck me, Kara," Simon demanded. "Now."

She bit her lip to keep from smiling. She might be on top, but her being in control was an illusion. Other than the few times he'd trusted her by being bound, and the times when he'd misunderstood her hesitance to get naked, he was always a demanding, possessive, bossy lover. And she loved it. Simon made her feel loved, and he satiated her in a way that no man had ever satisfied her. "Bossy," she accused, swiveling her hips against his rock-hard cock.

"You want bossy?" he asked in a threatening voice before he bodily lifted her from him and placed her on her hands and knees in front of him. "Teasing time is over, baby," he growled. "I want you too damn much."

Gripping her hips forcefully, he seated himself inside her completely, groaning as he buried himself to the balls. "Mine," he rasped, his cock filling her, his hands moving from her hips to her belly and sliding up to cup her breasts. "You feel so fucking good."

She quivered from the feel of his cock stretching her, his fingers pinching her sensitive nipples just hard enough for the pleasure/pain sensation to drive her nearly insane.

Panting, Kara thrust her hips back, taking every inch of Simon that she could get.

"Fuck," he grunted. "I'm not going to be gentle," he warned her gravely as his hands gripped her hips tightly again, pulling his cock almost completely out before he thrust back in with one smooth stroke.

"Aaah," Kara breathed, needing Simon so much, her entire being shuddering from his possession.

He wasn't gentle. He began with a fast, hard rhythm of pounding into her that just got harder, faster, their skin slapping together with every powerful thrust.

"Harder," she pleaded, needing this rough reassurance of how much her husband wanted her.

"Come for me, sweetheart," he commanded as he slipped one hand to her belly and then down between her thighs.

As she pushed back into each stroke of his cock, she imploded when he ran rough fingers over her clit, her body rocking with her explosive climax. "Oh, God. Simon. I love you!" she screamed as she came apart.

"Love you," Simon groaned loudly as he found his own release, her sex milking him as she spasmed around him in a long, volatile orgasm.

Collapsing onto his back on the bed, he pulled her on top of him, his chest heaving. "I love you so goddamn much it scares the hell out of me," he grumbled, his arms coming around her protectively as he threaded his hands through her hair. He stroked over it soothingly and kissed the top of her head.

Kara burrowed further into his chest, resting her ear against his heart, feeling the rush of her heartbeat matching his own racing rhythm. "Me, too. I thought maybe I'd get over the craziness, but it never seems to stop. I love you more today than I did yesterday. And I think I'll love you more tomorrow than I do today." she sighed. "I guess this is how a good marriage should be. I think I'll spend a lifetime discovering something else about you every day, another thing to make me love you even more."

"Then I hate the days I piss you off," Simon said earnestly. "I want you to love me more every day."

Kara chortled. "Even when you piss me off, I still love you more every day."

The things that Simon did that annoyed her were far outweighed by his incredible capacity to love and protect the ones he cherished.

"Good. Then I have a confession to make," he said gruffly.

"What?"

"I took Tim out Christmas shopping. I know you said I was overdoing the gifts, but he really wanted to buy something for you and Ginny," Simon confessed.

Kara laughed. "I took him, too. He wanted to buy something for you."

"He played us. Smart kid" Simon's tone was proud.

"But he wasn't playing. It was really important to him. I don't think he did it intentionally," she answered, absently running her hand over the hard muscles of his chest, tracing each one of his scars lovingly.

"He didn't," Simon agreed. "But he figured out a way to do what he thought was right. He doesn't want anything for himself. He just wants to be with us."

Kara swallowed the lump in her throat. Lifting her head, she looked into Simon's eyes. "I want him to be with us, too. I love him, Simon. I love him just like he was my own child. I really would like to look into adopting him. You said you didn't want another child, but I really-"

He put his fingers to her lips to stop her. "I want that too, baby. More than anything. You know why I didn't want another child. It was all about you. But now that we have Tim, I don't want to let him go," he said hoarsely. "I want him to be able to live a normal life. I want him to be ours. He's damn easy to love."

She leaned down and kissed her husband tenderly before telling him, "You're an amazing man, Simon Hudson. I don't know why I never thought about adopting. I don't need to have a child with my DNA to love him like he was my own. There are so many kids out there who need a good home. I almost feel selfish for not thinking about it before."

"You. Are. Not. Selfish." Simon annunciated each word irritably. "It takes a special woman to adopt a child with special needs."

"Not really," she denied. "He's bringing me more happiness than problems. I know that he could become unstable at any time, that he could have complications, but I'm willing to be there for him. I want to be there."

Simon hugged her tighter. "Me, too, baby. Me, too."

Kara felt her eyes well up with tears, and they started plopping freely onto Simon's chest.

"Hey. Don't cry." He tilted her head up to look into her eyes. "I don't like it."

"They're happy tears," she sniffled.

"I don't care. I hate to see you cry," he grumbled.

"I know," she admitted, wiping the tears from her face. "I love you so much, Simon. That's why I'm crying."

Brushing the hair back from her face, he commented dryly, "Hell, if I was in love with somebody like me, I'd cry, too."

Kara giggled and punched him playfully in the biceps. "Loving you, having you as a husband makes me ecstatically happy," she answered fervently.

"Thank Christ," he retorted in a relieved, graveled voice, grabbing the sheets and comforter to cover their nude, entwined bodies.

Kara smiled against his chest, her heart light. After so many years of being alone, she didn't take having a wonderful family lightly.

After everything Simon had been through in his life, he was damn easy to love. Behind his gruff, intimidating exterior, he had a tender heart, One that she should have known was true from the minute he rescued her from homelessness a few years ago.

I'm lucky, so very fortunate to have Simon, Ginny, and now Timmy.

Christmas was coming, but Kara knew she already had everything she needed. She had Simon and the family they'd made together.

Still grinning and with Simon running a comforting hand up and down her bare back, she slept.

Maddie Hudson plopped onto her couch late on Christmas Eve with a relieved sigh. "I'm exhausted, and I didn't even have to clean up the mess."

Sitting on the other end of the couch, the two women finally alone after the wonderful Christmas party Sam had arranged, Kara admitted, "Sometimes it's nice to have catering. Being married to a billionaire does have its advantages at times."

Maddie's eyes narrowed as she watched Kara consume another Christmas cookie, and then reached for the plate herself, taking a green frosted sugar cookie with a grimace. "Oh hell, I'll diet after the holidays."

"I'm stuffed," Kara admitted. "The food was fantastic and I'm beyond full, but I just keep eating."

"Too much temptation around," Maddie mumbled as she consumed her cookie.

The Christmas party had been wonderful. It hadn't been large, and had included only family, but Sam had made it extravagant and magical. Kara stared at the enormous Christmas tree that towered at least fifteen feet tall, and was entirely decorated with white lights, making all the bows and ornaments look absolutely beautiful. Luckily, Sam and Maddie could accommodate the tree, their house really a mansion with towering cathedral ceilings. Even though their guests had already exchanged and opened all their presents for each other earlier in the evening, the space underneath the tree was still bursting with more to be opened in the morning, presents Maddie and Sam had bought for each other and the twins. "Your pile doesn't look any smaller than ours at the penthouse," Kara mentioned humorously, taking a big swig of her hot chocolate.

"Mostly from Sam," Maddie replied, her voice vibrating with amusement. "After our little shopping trip, I only left a few under the tree for him."

Both of the women had changed into comfortable clothes, jeans and festive Christmas sweatshirts. Sam and Simon had gone upstairs to check on all of the kids. The twins, Ginny and Timmy had all nodded off after the presents had been opened and they'd all eaten.

The caterers had cleaned up the party mess, and everyone had gone home, but Maddie's house was still splendidly decorated and very Christmassy. Kara had decorated the penthouse with Timmy a few days ago, pinning up mistletoe, and putting up greenery, bows and ornaments all over the house to go with the Christmas tree. Timmy even had a tiny tree in his room, one he swore he didn't ever want to take down. Unfortunately, since the small tree was real, it would have to come down, and he'd understand once the needles started to drop. But she'd wait until after Christmas to break the bad news to him. He was so delighted and so happy.

"Are we ready for the show? It's almost time," Kara reminded Maddie.

"I'm ready. We must be mad," Maddie giggled.

"Simon never even asked about the charges, and they were enormous," Kara told Maddie excitedly.

Maddie shrugged. "Sam didn't either. He never does."

"Why did we never think about doing this before? Our guys take care of us all the time, but we never go overboard for them," Kara mused. "And they really do deserve it."

"Because it wasn't that long ago that we were poor," Maddie answered. "And our husbands are billionaires who need or want for nothing."

"Now," Kara added quietly. "But there were so many Christmases when that wasn't the case. Neither one of them really had a childhood. Yet, Simon still tries to convince Timmy that Santa really exists."

Maddie shot Kara a mischievous grin. "He does? How sweet"

"I guess I just want to make up for every hurt that Simon has ever had, every Christmas that wasn't good when he was a child," Kara said thoughtfully.

"You realize that's exactly what they're trying to do for us," was Maddie's insightful response, as she nodded toward all the gifts under her tree.

"I know," Kara said with a smile, glancing at her watch as she rose. Walking over to a large picture window, she gasped as she pulled back the curtain and saw exactly what she and Maddie had been waiting for. "Wow."

Sitting her hot chocolate on the coffee table, Maddie rose. "What?"

"This guy is incredible." The light was dim, but the man who had promised to deliver all the gifts to Sam's pool house at midnight looked incredibly authentic. He was slinging another bag of presents onto his back, and was dressed up as Santa Claus. He was even driving what looked like a sleigh. Since they were in Florida and there was no snow, the vehicle had to have wheels, but they were obviously well concealed because Kara couldn't see them. "Holy crap. Those even look like...reindeer. Where did you find this delivery service?"

Maddie pushed up beside her and peeked out the window. "I didn't. I asked one of Sam's security team to find me a Santa to deliver gifts and gave him the details. He checked out the service and said it was legit, and I swore him to secrecy about the whole thing."

Kara squinted as she tried to figure out how what had to be horses had been disguised so well as reindeer. "We need to ask the agent where in the heck he came from. This guy is perfect."

"Come to think of it, that agent quit just yesterday. Said he had a family emergency and didn't know if he was coming back."

"We need to get the guys," Kara said excitedly, her whole body quivering with excitement.

She dashed up the stairs and sought them out, finding them in one of the guest rooms. It appeared that they'd just done a nighttime sugar check on Timmy, who was lying down trying to get to sleep. It wasn't difficult for her to muster up excitement as she told all three of them, "Santa's here, hurry!"

Timmy sat up in bed, his expression excited but wary. "Aren't I supposed to be sleeping? What if he's mad?"

Kara felt Maddie push in bedside her and said, "He won't be mad. I just asked him."

Timmy shot out of bed and raced past the two perplexed men. Simon shot Kara a confused looked, but she simply took his hand in hers and led him after Timmy, Maddie doing the same with Sam.

"Out in the pool house," Kara called to Timmy. "Santa said there wasn't enough room under the Christmas tree for everything."

"What are you up to?" Simon whispered loudly in her ear as he let her lead him outside and into the pool house, Maddie and Sam following close behind.

"It's Christmas," she told him. "You're allowed to act like a child and be surprised."

"I was never a child," Simon retorted nonchalantly.

Isn't that the truth!

The fact that Simon and Sam had never really had a childhood was one of the reasons she and Maddie were giving them this night. Simon had told her more than once that he'd been an adult his entire life. Just once, she wanted to take care of his needs, let him enjoy getting something for himself at Christmas.

"Be one tonight. Please," she told him softly, turning her head until their eyes met and held.

"Okay. Is Santa really here for Timmy?" Simon asked playfully, picking up on her mood.

"He's here for all of you. I told him you've been a good boy this year, too." She hesitated before she added, "Mostly."

They entered the pool house before Simon could reply, both of their gazes suddenly riveted to the massive piles of presents in the gazebo and bar portion of the pool house.

There was a small tree with twinkling lights set up and the room was decorated in red and green, something that Kara assumed Maddie must have arranged.

Santa was squatting next to Timmy, talking to the boy in a low, soft voice.

Ruffling his hair, Santa stood up and said in a booming voice, "Time for me to go. I have a lot of houses to visit tonight."

"Is all of this for us?" Timmy asked in an astonished voice.

Kara blinked as Santa stroked his very authentic looking white beard and winked at Timmy. "They're for every one of you who has been very good this year." His jolly, red face became sober for a moment as he added, "Some things that you should have had years ago."

Timmy was down on his knees, looking through the gifts. "Some are for me," he exclaimed excitedly.

Kara smiled at the pseudo Santa. "Thank you," she said in a voice low enough that Timmy couldn't hear.

"You're very welcome, Kara," he answered with a beaming smile.

How does he know that I'm Kara and not Maddie?

She'd never met the man before, and Maddie had arranged the delivery.

Santa looked at her and Simon's conjoined hands, and then his eyes moved to Sam and Maddie, specifically at their clasped hands before he said solemnly, "Love each other well. You all deserve that." In a louder voice, he bellowed, "Ho, Ho, Ho. Merry Christmas." Lifting a black gloved hand, he strode confidently out the door.

"There's a present here for you, too, Kara. And for Simon, Sam and Maddie," Timmy squealed happily.

Maddie and Kara exchanged a startled look. "Oh, no. He must have made a mistake," Kara muttered, distressed. She let go of Simon's hand and ran after the delivery guy, Maddie on her heels.

Both of them stopped abruptly as they reached the area of the circular drive where the sleigh had been parked.

"He's gone. How could he have left that quickly?" Kara asked Maddie breathlessly. She looked down the drive, seeing no sign of life.

All was quiet.

"I don't know," Maddie answered, sounding as confounded as Kara. "There shouldn't be any gifts for us in there, but we'll act cool. Timmy's so excited. I'll try to figure it out later."

Kara nodded to her, and the women made their way back to the pool house, only to find the "boys" already opening their gifts.

To Kara's relief, it was everything she and Maddie had bought for them. Both women kneeled beside the tree and watched as the men and boy plowed through the mound of gifts, all of them grinning like children.

Maddie said she found a collection of tattered baseball cards in the back of the closet after she and Sam had gotten married. When she'd asked him why he no longer collected them, Sam told her the cards she'd found were a few common ones that he'd been able to get cheaply or for free as a kid, and he'd given up the hobby when he was a young boy. Sam loved baseball, and most of her gifts to him were related to the sport, including an incredible collection of cards and memorabilia that he was now eyeing like an enraptured kid.

Kara already knew about Simon's coin collecting, but she noticed he very seldom bought himself any, though he could very well afford it. Honestly, she was pretty certain it was because he was too busy thinking about her and had put the hobby on the back burner. She'd bought him a ton of hard-to-find coins and a bunch of other totally useless gifts that he might never use, but had probably coveted as a child.

Currently, all three "boys" were trying to put together a massive train set that had been a gift with all three of their names on it.

"If we're careful, we can give it to Noah someday," Timmy offered generously as Simon helped him put together a few of the railroad cars.

Sam ran a hand over the top of Timmy's head as he answered, "An excellent idea and very generous of you, Tim. But we get to play with it first." He shot Tim a mischievous grin.

Kara and Maddie sat back and let the men and Timmy have the space to play with their train set.

"They look so happy," Maddie said softly, as she stretched her legs out beside Kara's.

"Aren't you going to open your gifts?" Timmy asked, looking up from his train set to wave at the packages still under the tree.

The two women looked at each other and nodded slowly. Really, what choice did they have? Kara knew it would be weird if they didn't.

Thankfully, there was only one for each of them, and she took the packages that Timmy brought over to them before returning to his task.

Kara tore off the paper on the gift and gasped as she revealed exactly what the contents were. Inside the paper was a gift she'd coveted when she was a young girl: a beautiful holiday Barbie in a pure white, lace and fur gown. She'd wanted it desperately as a girl, but knew it was too pricey to ask her parents to buy that Christmas. They'd been dirt poor, and Kara had been happy to get a normal Barbie from a discount store. But oh, how she'd wanted this one. And it was the very same doll from that very same year, brand new in the package. She clutched the box to her chest reflexively.

"Please don't tell me that you just got a gift that you wanted the most during your childhood," Maddie whispered to her desperately.

Kara turned her head and looked at Maddie. "I did," she told her tremulously, holding out the now collectible Barbie for Maddie to see. "It's even the same year."

"Oh, God," Maddie whispered. "I got the thing I wanted most as a child, too. I wanted this Easy Bake Oven so badly, but I was in foster care. We got practical stuff. This is even the same model - it isn't even in production anymore. It hasn't been for years."

Kara watched as Maddie closed her eyes and clutched the box to her chest. "How can this be a coincidence?" she asked, stunned. Just how had these two presents with their names on them happened to get into this bunch?

"Santa?" Maddie asked hesitantly.

Kara looked around her, glancing at the three males, heads together, all of them grinning as they finally made the train go around the track. She looked down at the beautiful Barbie that she'd wanted so desperately so very long ago and held it to her chest, noticing that Maddie was still clutching her Easy Bake Oven. "I don't care how it happened," Kara finally admitted. "Maybe it was a wakeup call to make me start believing in Christmas miracles."

Maddie nodded slowly. "We have so much to be thankful for," she conceded.

"Like the fact that we both have daughters who we can pass these gifts down to?" Kara murmured, knowing she'd cherish the doll and give it to Ginny one day, and that she'd tell her the story of how it had come into her possession.

"Yes," Maddie sighed. "And sons we can be proud of and husbands who we love so much it's almost painful. Maybe our childhoods were all crap, but Santa's certainly making up for it now." She winked at Kara.

"So much has changed in the last few years," Kara said, watching her husband and Timmy adoringly.

"Thank God," Maddie added, her voice overflowing with happiness and gratitude. "Because our old lives really sucked."

Kara laughed and put the doll carefully on the floor, holding her arms out for a big hug. Maddie stowed her precious gift on the floor and hugged her back.

"Merry Christmas," they said in unison.

"Hey. Can we get into this action?" Simon asked gruffly.

Kara let go of Maddie and looked up at her husband, smiling broadly as she noticed he was holding a sprig of mistletoe over her head.

Next to her, Sam was standing in the same position, doing the same thing to Maddie.

Kara stood and curled her hand around Simon's neck and pulled his mouth to hers, giving him a slow, deep kiss full of emotion, trying to express without words how she was feeling.

As he raised his head, he gazed at her tenderly, his heart in his eyes. "I love you, baby."

"I can't reach," Timmy said unhappily, a piece of mistletoe in his hand.

Kara ruffled his hair and bent down to kiss his cheek. "You don't even need the mistletoe, little man."

Simon hoisted Timmy up and into his arms, bussing the boy on the forehead. "Time to sleep, buddy. We can play with more toys tomorrow," he said with a grin.

Kara got Ginny ready to go while Simon gathered up all of their stuff and loaded it into the car with the help of their driver. Finally, the four of them were situated in the back seat of Simon's limo, all of them very tired but happy.

She rested her head against Simon's shoulder, her heart completely full of joy and contentment. Not so long ago, she'd been homeless, alone in the world without a single person who cared about her, except Maddie. "I'm so happy I could cry," she whispered to Simon.

"Don't cry. I don't like it," he grumbled. "Just be happy."

"I already am." She stretched and kissed his sexy, whiskered jaw. Her husband had never quite grasped the concept of happy tears.

"I bet I could make you happier, once we get the kids to sleep," Simon drawled in a low, wicked voice.

Kara's core clenched and heat flared between her thighs. She smiled into the darkness as she agreed, "I'm sure you can."

"I have a heart-wish saved for a special occasion," Simon answered in a low, hopeful voice.

She leaned into him and flicked her tongue over his ear. "You won't need it tonight or any night that you want me."

"I always want you. You're mine, Kara, and you always will be," he answered in a harsh whisper, both of them keeping their voice down, even though Timmy was fast asleep, his head leaning sweetly against Ginny's car seat.

"And you'll always be mine," Kara retorted, running her palm down the side of his face.

"Damn right," he grumbled, his voice starting to sound lusty and bossy. "You're the best damn present I've ever gotten. You always will be."

Kara bit back a smile, thinking that being loved by and loving the man beside her was the best gift she'd ever had, too.

At one time, Kara hadn't believed in miracles. Nothing miraculous had ever happened to her in her life, and she'd struggled through heartache and poverty, just trying to survive. But just like the Barbie she'd gotten tonight, sometimes marvelous and rare things did come in time. Simon was living proof.

She sent up a silent thank you to Santa for reminding her that something as precious and rare as the love that she and Simon shared was worth the waiting and the pain.

Just like Santa had advised them, she'd love him well. Men like Simon Hudson were rare, and as soon as the kids were settled and asleep, she'd show him just how much she loved him.

"Do you think I'll get to take all this stuff with me, Simon?" Timmy asked anxiously on Christmas day, surrounded by a mound of presents that was taller than he was.

Simon looked at the apprehension in the child's eyes and scowled. Kara was in the kitchen making Christmas dinner, so he was holding a sleeping Ginny against his chest as he lounged on the couch and wondered if he'd bought enough presents for everyone. Yeah. Okay. Kara thought he'd gone way overboard, but the way he saw it, more was always better. As much as he loved his wife, Ginny, and Tim, he could buy several semi-trucks full of presents for them and it wouldn't be enough to even try to show them how much they meant to him.

Hesitating, Simon wasn't sure what to tell Tim. Hell, yeah, the boy was keeping his stuff. And Simon was keeping the kid.

Mine.

As far as Simon was concerned, Tim was his to protect now, and over his dead body would anyone take his son away. The boy had been through enough, had spent enough of his young life feeling like nobody wanted him. He and Kara wanted Tim, and they were keeping him.

"Come here," he told the frightened boy in the gentlest voice possible, as he thought about someone -anyone-pulling the vulnerable seven-year-old away from his new home.

Bullshit. Not. Happening.

Tim stood up immediately from his place near the tree and scrambled onto the couch right next to Simon, wrapping a protective little arm around Ginny.

Simon swallowed hard as he looked down at Tim and Ginny, the two of them already bonded. Tim was already a protective older brother to his daughter. "Don't tell Kara I told you, but we want you to stay with us forever," Simon said hoarsely. He wasn't certain how Kara would feel about Simon telling Tim about their plans to adopt him so soon and without her present, but he couldn't help himself. He couldn't stand to watch the boy so damn miserable.

Tim looked up at him with a stunned expression. "Forever? You want me to stay?"

Christ! Was it that hard for Tim to believe somebody actually wanted him? That just made Simon even more pissed off at the world. "Yeah. We want to adopt you, Tim. What do you think about that?"

"Why?" Tim asked, his eyes full of wary hopefulness. "I'm sick. I'm a lot of work."

Simon nearly growled, but he restrained himself. "Do you feel sick right now?"

Tim shook his head slowly. "No. I feel good. But I'll feel sick sometimes."

Simon couldn't argue with that. There probably would be times when Tim had problems, but handling it was part of being a parent. He was more than willing to deal with it. "You're not sick. You have a disease that will cause you problems sometimes," Simon answered honestly. "But that doesn't matter to Kara and me. We love you, buddy. And we want you to be our son and Ginny's brother. I'm hoping you want that, too," he told Tim gruffly.

He nearly groaned when large tears formed in the little boy's eyes and started running down his cheeks as he looked up at Simon with an awed expression. "For real?" Tim asked, his expression still cautiously optimistic.

Jesus. The kid was killing him. Where the hell was Kara? She dealt with this stuff better than he did. Maybe he shouldn't have mentioned it. "Yeah. For real. And don't cry. I don't like it," he grumbled, swiping the tears from Tim's face with gentle fingers.

Tim lifted his own palm and scrubbed at the tears. "Because it's not manly, right?"

Simon could have easily lied and agreed, but he answered honestly. "No, Tim. I don't like it because when somebody I care about cries, it makes me sad, too."

"What about happy tears?" Tim sniffled.

"I never saw happy tears when I was young. I don't think I've quite figured them out yet," Simon replied, smiling at him. "Kara does that happy tears thing, but for me, crying means sadness."

"I'm not sad, Simon. I'm just scared," Tim said hesitantly.

Simon frowned. "Why?"

"I want to stay with you, Kara, and Ginny so much. But I'm afraid something bad will happen. It usually does."

"It won't," Simon vowed. "I promise. You trust me, right?"

Tim nodded eagerly.

"You remember what I said about keeping my promises?"

Tim inclined his head solemnly.

"You'll be my son, just like Ginny is my daughter," Simon promised, a lump forming in his throat.

Kara had been right. A child didn't have to have his own DNA to steal his heart. This boy had burrowed himself into that stubborn organ the moment he'd accepted Simon exactly the way he was, scars and all.

"If you adopt me, will I be able to call you dad?" Tim asked hopefully. "And will Kara be my mom? And I'll be able to call Ginny my sister?"

"Yes, yes, and yes. You don't have to wait until the adoption is final. You're our boy," Simon answered protectively.

Finally, a broad smile appeared on Tim's face and Simon relaxed. Holy hell. He hoped he never had to see this child cry ever again, happy tears or not.

"What's going on in here?" Kara asked curiously as she stepped into the living room.

"You're going to be my mom," Timmy chattered excitedly.

Simon's heart accelerated as his wife looked at him questioningly. He nodded, unable to get anything past the lump in his throat.

Dressed casually like the rest of them, Kara's body was being lovingly hugged by a worn pair of jeans and Christmas sweatshirt. Her face was flushed from being in the kitchen, and her bright blue eyes were smiling at him.

Mine.

As usual, he wanted her the moment he saw her, but his love went so much deeper than the physical. She was the missing part of his soul, and he was finally whole. Ginny and Tim were a huge bonus, making everything so fucking perfect, it was frightening.

Kara thought he had saved her, but really, she'd been the one to rescue him from a profound loneliness he'd never even acknowledged until he'd met her, a loneliness that no longer existed.

I have a family of my own now.

He grinned at her as Tim threw himself into her arms and hugged her like he never wanted to let go.

Simon understood exactly how the kid felt.

"You're really going to be my mom?" Timmy questioned enthusiastically.

Kara hefted the boy up and sat down beside Simon, holding Tim on her lap. "I really am. I want to be your mom," she told the boy softly.

"Then Santa was right. He said not to worry, that you'd be my mom and dad someday. I should have believed in him," Tim said worriedly.

"Santa said that?" Kara whispered quietly into the boy's ear, looking startled.

Timmy nodded at her.

Simon looked at his wife and she shot him an alarmed look. He wondered if she was upset because he'd already mentioned adoption to Tim. "What's the matter?"

Tim gave Kara a final hug and slid off her lap to go organize and play with his Christmas gifts.

Kara smiled at him and shook her head. "Nothing important. I'll tell you later. But I think I should start believing in Santa."

"I'm sorry I told Tim without you being here, but he was worried," Simon told her quietly, keeping his voice down so the child didn't overhear them.

"It's okay," Kara whispered, resting her head against his biceps with a yawn.

"Tired?" he asked with a grin.

"Yes. Somebody has been keeping me up late," she answered in a sleepy voice.

"Just trying to remind you how much I appreciate your body," Simon replied. Shit. He already had a boner the size of Texas just from thinking about the night before, and the night before that.

"I'm beyond convinced," she replied wickedly, turning her head to look at him. "But I might need nightly reminders."

"Want a nap? I'll watch the kids." He didn't want her to be tired. More convincing was definitely going to happen later that night.

"And miss Christmas?" Kara exclaimed. "No way. Besides, I have one more gift for you." She dug into the pocket of her jeans and pulled out a plain, white envelope.

Simon's lips turned up into a broad smile. He already knew what the envelope contained...his heart-wishes. Snatching the envelope up with a covetous glance, he rasped, "How many?"

"Five," Kara replied. "But I promise you'll get some every holiday from now on."

He'd hoped for more, but he'd take whatever he could get. Those tiny pieces of paper were like gold for him. His wife was the sweetest woman in the world, but damn, she could be stubborn sometimes. Those little hearts came in handy. They were his best gift this Christmas.

Simon shoved them into the front pocket of his jeans as Kara took Ginny from his arms. "Time for her nap," she said in a motherly voice.

Tim ran over and clambered back into Simon's lap. Kara ruffled his hair and gave him an adoring look.

"I can put Ginny down," Simon told his wife, wrapping an arm around Tim.

Kara sighed. "I think I'd just like to sit here for a minute and look at the tree."

"Did you like your gifts?" Simon asked anxiously.

"Yes. Everything was wonderful, but unnecessary. I have everything I need right here with me on this couch." She reached up and stroked Simon's cheek.

God, Simon loved it when she said things like that. And Kara wasn't just saying it. He knew it was coming from her heart.

"Merry Christmas, my love," Kara said wistfully, her voice quivering with emotion.

"Merry Christmas, baby," he answered, wrapping an arm around her and pulling her closer him.

Simon knew they'd face challenges in their lives, but right now he knew Kara was right. Everything he needed was right here on this couch, and he was never going to let any of them go.

The family of four sat on the couch for a very long time, savoring the feel of being a family.

After some time had passed, Tim murmured quietly, "I have a mom, dad, and sister now. I won't be alone anymore." The boy let out a quiet, contented sigh.

Simon's arm tightened reflexively around Tim. He didn't truly know what it was like to be alone because he'd always had his mother and Sam. But he'd known loneliness and emptiness before he'd met Kara, and they were a bitch.

Turning his head, he found his wife watching him quietly, her blue eyes shining with happiness. She was smiling and Simon's chest started to ache. How had a scarred street kid like him scored a woman as sweet and beautiful as his wife? "I am a lucky bastard," he rasped.

Kara glanced down at Tim and said in an urgent, harsh whisper, "Simon. Little ears." She nodded her head at the boy on Simon's lap.

Timmy grinned at both of them. "Don't worry. I've heard that before, and Simon already told me it's a bad word. He told me not to say a bunch of other words, too."

Kara glared at Simon, but her lips were twitching. "Such as?"

Tim looked at her with boyish smile. "How can I tell you if I'm not allowed to say those words?"

"Smart boy," Simon praised him with a smirk.

Kara shot them both a reproving look. "I can see you two are going to be keeping secrets." Her gaze landed on Tim. "You're starting to sound like a miniature Simon already."

Clearly, Tim was pleased with Kara's comment because his grin got even bigger.

Simon could tell Kara was about to start laughing because she was having a hard time keeping her "disapproving mother" expression on her face.

Tim shrugged, mimicking the expression of nonchalance that Simon had perfected over his years in business. "It's a guy thing," Tim told Kara solemnly.

Even Simon had to admit that Tim did a perfect imitation of him when he was being an asshole. Damn. It was good to have a little more testosterone around the house.

Giving up, Kara burst into laughter, and Simon's smirk turned into a chuckle as Tim looked at them both curiously, wondering what they were laughing about.

"It's a man and wife thing," Simon told him, laughter still ringing in his deep, happy tone. "You'll understand it someday when you're older."

Ginny started to fuss, and Kara let her little girl slide down to the floor, Tim already on his feet to catch his new sister protectively.

"Tim," Ginny squealed happily. "Tim. Tim. Tim." She toddled after her new brother as he took her near the tree to play with their gifts.

"They already look so much like siblings," Kara said wistfully.

Simon glanced over to his wife and pulled her easily into his lap. "They are," he answered simply. The two children had bonded almost immediately, blood related or not.

Kara drew a palm down Simon's rough jaw. "Thank you for talking to him about being adopted. I think he needed to know. He's been so afraid." She sighed and wrapped her arms around her husband's neck. "You make me so happy."

Simon's heart began to race as he looked into Kara's eyes and saw the woman who had changed his whole existence, the woman who made his future look better than it ever had before. "I know how to make you a lot...happier." And yeah, it involved a bed...or maybe just a wall, or even the shower.

"Show me later," Kara whispered to him seductively. "Right now, just kiss me."

"Mine," Simon growled as he wrapped a hand around the back of her neck and brought her lips close to his. "And you can count on being shown everything later."

He stayed just like that for a brief moment, their eyes locked together, Kara's warm breath caressing his mouth. "Merry Christmas, Simon," Kara whispered softly.

Simon shuddered and covered her mouth with his, unable to have Kara so close and not kiss her.

The rest of their private party came later that night, the two of them celebrating the merriest Christmas they'd ever had.

