CHAPTER 1

"You're boring," spat the spiky-haired kid on the TV.

Annie McCallum blinked at the screen then glanced at her colleagues sitting around the boardroom table. She expected to see shocked expressions but only saw resignation. It seemed that none of the other agents at McCallum and Horton wanted the kid to elaborate. Maybe he was right.

"Boring?" she prompted. She'd been called many things in her life, but boring wasn't one of them. Okay, so she'd started at McCallum and Horton straight out of college, she'd never lived outside LA and her love life could use a little something-like a man. And she probably lacked the get up and go of other LA agents, especially on Monday mornings before gulping down her second cup of coffee. But she was not boring! She refused to be boring. It wasn't good for her image as one of the top agents of the LA music industry.

Except she wasn't a top agent. Not even close.

"What do you mean boring?" She tried to keep the scathing edge out of her voice-not an easy task. She needed to be careful. She was talking to one of the most popular artists of the moment, and they wanted his business. They needed his business. He may be a snotty-nosed, high school dropout with a bad haircut, but Dug-E-Dug was the hottest artist around. His latest single Don't Call Me Dumb had been number one for four weeks and his concerts were a raging success.

"Yeah, you heard me. You're all as dull as, as..." Dug-E glanced around, his eyes focusing on someone to his right, out of camera shot. "...as my mother."

Dug-E's mother's head popped into view.

"Hello, Mrs. Douglas," said Bob Horton in his smooth agent-voice. "Nice to see you again."

The silver-haired woman with the wire-framed glasses smiled sheepishly at them and stared into the screen. She leaned forward, eyeing the equipment with suspicion, giving the McCallum and Horton agents an unpleasant view up her nose. It was like something out of a horror movie. The four seated around the boardroom table instinctively leaned back.

"You must forgive my son," Mrs. Douglas said. "But he has a point."

"A point?" Bob said.

"Yes, a very valid point," she said in her schoolteacher voice that made everyone sit up straight. Everyone except her son. "He's a young, up-and-coming artist, Mr. Horton. He needs freedom to express his personality through his music, and his life outside of music. He feels-we both feel-that a younger, more hip agent would understand him better. I do apologize," she added sincerely. "But we feel Douglas's talent should be nurtured not stifled."

No, thought Annie, but his obnoxious personality should. Just ask every five-star hotel manager on the West Coast whose rooms he'd smashed to pieces last month.

"Right, er, of course," Bob said. "That's a real shame, though. We have some great ideas for him."

Annie couldn't believe what she was hearing. "You're not giving up yet are you?" she stage-whispered across the table. "Just like that?"

"He's not interested, Annie, let it go," he whispered back.

Mrs. Douglas leaned forward again, this time turning and placing her ear closer to the screen. Clearly she hadn't mastered the art of video conferencing. The volume control was on the remote.

"What did you say?" she shouted.

Annie glanced at Bob. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat and dabbed his brow with his handkerchief. He wanted Dug-E. McCallum and Horton needed him. Ten years ago the firm had represented some of the hottest talent on the charts but those groups hadn't performed in years and the young kids all went to the flashy, glitzy agents who got them entry into the hottest parties in town. McCallum and Horton just wasn't that kind of firm anymore. The party-throwers they knew had all grown up and become respectable citizens of LA with budding wild children of their own. The only vomit they cleaned up in the middle of the night now was a baby's.

Annie hadn't been around in those days. She'd joined the firm seven years earlier as a young assistant straight out of college. In that time she'd worked her way up to becoming one of the firm's most sought after agents. Well, as sort after as any of McCallum and Horton's agents were, which was nowhere near as much as her late father, the agency's co-founder, in his day.

"We understand," Bob said quietly, his jaw squaring as firmly as his double chins would allow.

Annie could tell he was working up to something. His face had that look-a look she hadn't seen since her father's death ten years ago. Ambition. He glanced around at his three agents seated at the table. They stared back at him, waiting expectantly as if he were the Messiah about to announce a prophecy. His gaze settled on Annie. Oh boy.

Slowly, very deliberately, he turned back to the screen.

"I was saying that we have the perfect agent for your son, Mrs. Douglas. She's young, she's...er, hip and wired." He looked pleased with himself. "Yeah, wired. We think she'd be perfect for your son. She knows all the happening places. All the cool gigs."

Annie rolled her eyes. She only knew about cool gigs afterward when she read about them in the paper.

"Well, where is she?" Dug-E snapped. He peered into the screen, just as his mother had done, his pimply face coming into frighteningly detailed focus.

Lenny, sitting next to Annie, cringed and gave his undivided attention to his blank notepad.

Bob indicated Annie. "Right here." He grinned, the unexpected movement shaking his jowls like a turkey's.

"Um, Bob, can we talk-"

"Later," he whispered, still smiling.

She sighed. Great. She was about to be hung out to dry.

"Annie McCallum," Bob announced.

The pimply boy on screen glared at Annie for an eternity, then made a face. "Nup. Boring."

She squirmed in her seat. She had a million retorts to make and if she wasn't within earshot of a prospective client, she wouldn't hesitate to let one out. But she bit her tongue. Literally. The taste of blood snapped her attention back to the screen.

"She's very far from boring, Dug-E," Bob said quickly, his salesman's face still frozen in place. It was the one he turned on when he wanted to charm, to knock the socks off someone important. He rarely used it these days. Maybe it was about time he did. Annie just wished she wasn't the object he was trying to sell, and that Dug-E wasn't the buyer.

The teenager leaned back in his chair with an audible thud, a sneer of disgust distorting his features. He stabbed the pinky finger and forefinger of his left hand at the screen. "She's wearing a suit," he accused.

"Er, that's only because we make her wear one in the office." Bob winked at Annie. "She's really one wild girl. She rides a motorbike to work and parties all night. Oh yeah, and she always comes to work hungover, don't you Annie?"

She blinked at him. The person he'd described sounded disgusting. It may be exactly what Dug-E wanted in an agent, but it was an outright lie.

"Annie?" Bob prompted, his face turning salmon pink when she didn't answer straight away.

"Yeah," she drawled. What the hell-she'd go along with his plan. For now. "I'm real...bad."

The relief on Bob's face was worth the effort, if nothing else. At least that dangerous reddish tinge subsided.

But Dug-E didn't look convinced. "What sort of bike?"

Uh-oh. Think, Annie, think. "A Ducati," she said on a breath, recalling a name from one of the bikes in the motorcycle shop she passed on her way to work.

It must have been the right one. Dug-E looked impressed. He grinned and nodded. "Fine," he crooned. "Real fine. How does she do?"

She? Do? Were they still talking about a bike? "Um, good. Rides like...the wind." Annie felt the men around her cringe. Well, it was the best she could come up with on short notice. "She's a beautiful piece of metal," she added.

"She's more than metal, Lady, she's a sweet piece of ass."

"Yeah, sweet."

Dug-E's expression sobered and his face became a blank canvas. She could practically hear the cogs slowly grinding in his brain. Then he brightened. He pointed both be-ringed forefingers at the screen. "Okay, I'll give her a chance. But if she doesn't live up to my high standards, I'm going with Jamieson and Jamieson."

Pity his high standards didn't extend to his personal grooming.

Bob made an appointment with Dug-E's mother and the screen flickered off with her waving at the camera and Dug-E looking bored. Then he turned to his agents, eyes sparkling. "Okay, Annie, you're our girl. Go for it."

She blinked at him. "Go for it? Are you insane? Have you lost your mind?"

"What's wrong? You're perfect for this."

"Perfect! You just made me sound like a...a rebel." She threw her hands in the air. "I don't know anything about motorbikes or parties or drinking beer. I haven't been drunk since 2006 and even then it was only because someone spiked my soda. I'm not my father, Bob." Nor was she the daughter Reg McCallum had wanted her to be. He'd wanted a wild child, like himself. A party animal and socialite. He'd got a daughter whose idea of rebelling was to go to the library after school instead of straight home.

Bob shrugged. "Then you'll learn." He nodded at the other agents. They stood and left the room. When the door closed behind them he placed both hands on the table and leaned forward. On anyone else it would be a threatening move, but on a big teddy bear like Bob it was hard not to smile.

"Look, Annie, you're our last chance. You're the only agent under thirty here. Hell, you're the only agent under fifty. We need you on this one. We can't lose Dug-E to Jamiesons."

"Why not? He's a snotty-nosed little-"

"Now, now. It's attitude like that that sends the kids elsewhere." He wagged a disapproving finger at her but there was no real admonishment in his tone.

"But I'm no hip and happening young thing, Bob. I can't give Dug-E what he wants. I don't know what boys his age do."

"Don't worry. I've got the perfect person to teach you."

She narrowed her eyes. "Teach me what?"

"To ride a motorbike for starters."

"You're really going to make me get on one of those dangerous things? I could get killed."

"Calm down, Annie, you won't be killed. He's a great teacher. He'll make sure you don't even fall off."

She rolled her eyes. "Gee thanks. Is he going to teach me how to drink beer, swear like a sailor and flash my br**sts at passing trucks?"

He grinned. "If you ask him nicely."

She crossed her arms and tried hard to swallow her simmering temper. Bob had been good to her, giving her a chance. He may have done it in memory of his best friend, but he'd stuck by her even though she didn't bring in as many clients as her father had. She owed him and she would love to repay him by getting Dug-E. But did she have to drink beer?

"So who is this amazing teacher?"

"A friend of mine. We've known each other for fifteen years."

"Fifteen? How old is he?"

"Thirty-four."

"Isn't that too old to be a rebel?"

At least thirty-four was better than eighteen. He might not be as juvenile as Dug-E. Although he was male...

"He's perfect for the job."

She groaned. The noose tightened. "I can't wait to meet him. What's his name?"

"Zack DiMarco."

She laughed, but Bob didn't join in. "The millionaire?"

"No. The billionaire."

"Why would Zack DiMarco teach me to ride a motorbike and drink beer?"

"Because we go way back."

"You must be close."

He shrugged. "I'll give him a call. I'm sure he'll free up some time to take you on as a student."

"Yeah." She sighed. "What better things does a millionaire have to do but teach me to be a rebel?"

"Billionaire."

***

Zack answered his cell phone on the third ring. "Yo."

"Zack? It's Bob."

Zack broke into a smile at the sound of his friend's voice. "Hey, Bob. Long time no see. How's business?"

"Great. The most lucrative deal of the decade just landed on McCallum and Horton's table."

"Yeah?" Zack saved the spreadsheet on his laptop and closed the file. The financials of Deet Electric could wait. It wasn't often Bob called him. It must be important.

"We've got the chance to sign up a young rapper, Dug-E Dug-"

"That's his name?" Zack laughed. "Sounds like a gardening tools manufacturer I bought last week."

Bob chuckled. "He's about as smart as a shovel too. But we haven't got him yet. He thinks we're too old for his image." He snorted. "What would he know? McCallum and Horton invented cool. We put the hip in hippie, the roll in rock 'n roll."

Thirty years ago. From what Zack knew of the music industry, McCallum and Horton hadn't signed a hot artist in at least ten years. Not since Bob's partner had died. Whereas McCallum had been the talent scout, Bob brought the business brain to the partnership. Together, they'd been a force in LA. Alone, Bob was a jockey without a racehorse. Going nowhere.

"So, how can I help?" Zack meant it. He really wanted to do something for Bob, especially now when things weren't going so well for the agency. It was the least he could do for the man who'd helped him get started on his own path to fortune.

"Mac's daughter works for us," Bob said. "She's a nice girl. A great girl actually."

By which Zack guessed he meant she was an ordinary agent. "I think you've mentioned her before."

"She's our best shot at getting Dug-E but she's a little on the...conservative side."

"Your late partner's daughter? So she's not a chip off the old block?"

"Not even a splinter. She was never into the scene like Mac."

Zack's personal assistant entered his office and handed him some paperwork on Deet then left, closing the door silently. He threw the file onto his To-Do pile without looking at it. He'd had enough of Deet, enough of spreadsheets and profit and loss analysis. He needed to go for a ride on his bike, maybe head out to his ranch for a few days to clear his head. Lately, nothing at work could hold his interest for long. Why anyone would think what he did was glamorous, he'd never know.

"I want you to show her a good time, Zack," Bob said. "Take her to parties, teach her about motorbikes, sex her up a bit."

"Turn her into the party animal her father was."

"Exactly. And I need it done in the next week."

The ranch could wait. This might be interesting. Zack needed a new challenge. Life was so same-old lately. "No sweat. I'll turn her into a woman everyone wants to know. Dug-E will think she's the coolest person on the West Coast by the time I've finished with her."

***

That afternoon, Annie sat at an outdoor table at La Merlina cafe, sipping iced tea and picking at a plate of fruit shaped into flowers. She'd been amazed that Bob had set the meeting up with Zack DiMarco so quickly. They must be very good friends if the wealthy playboy could drop everything on such short notice.

La Merlina was the flavor of the month in LA. The decor was so minimalist it was barren. The only decoration was on the walls, signed by the celebrity diners. It was so chic, the staff kept Annie waiting fifteen minutes before she was shown to her table. It was the sort of place she should take clients and be seen. She'd never been there before.

Anyone who was anyone sat inside where the air conditioning kept temperatures and tempers down. Only Annie and a few wannabe starlets sat outside under the umbrellas, trying to appear cool despite the trickle of sweat down their backs.

She regretted not getting Zack to make the reservation. He was one of the hottest properties in town. He may not be an actor or agent or connected to the movie business in any way, but he was known around town. For all the wrong reasons as far as Annie was concerned. The self-made billionaire with a penchant for fast cars and fast women had a reputation most men envied.

It was almost impossible for him to evade the limelight, even if he'd wanted to. Which he didn't seem to. Not if the gossip columns were anything to go by. Of course, Annie only read the gossips to keep her up-to-date on who was 'in' and who wasn't. It was necessary in her line of work.

She'd seen Zack's type before. She'd grown up around people like him. Her father had attracted the womanizers and she'd spend most of her childhood avoiding them. It seemed she wouldn't be able to avoid Zack DiMarco, not for a few days at least.

She drummed her fingers on the table. He was late. Typical.

She uncrossed her legs, hot from the stockings. She wished she hadn't worn them. She had on a short cream skirt, a matching short-sleeved jacket and black accessories. On her feet she wore a pair of three inch heels she'd bought two years ago in an attempt to make her appear taller around the supermodel turned pop princess McCallum and Horton were courting. The supermodel signed with Jamieson and Jamieson before Annie got to wear them and they'd been relegated to the back of her closet ever since.

She hoped they might make her more conspicuous in a restaurant full of pretty young things. But no one took much notice of a five-foot two woman with caramel colored hair and br**sts that didn't defy the laws of gravity. This was LA after all.

She checked her watch again. She'd give Zack another fifteen minutes. Usually she wouldn't wait that long but she owed Bob. He was more than her boss, he'd been her father's friend. If meeting Zack improved their chances of getting Dug-E, then she'd do it. Seeing Zack in the flesh had nothing to do with it. Honest.

Ten minutes later, the roar of an engine drew everyone's attention. She knew without even turning that Zack had arrived. Who else would be so arrogant as to be nearly an hour late for an appointment then offend all the diners with the noise of a fancy car?

She turned casually so as not to appear too eager, and watched as two long, jeans-clad legs stepped from a black Ferrari.

Wow. He was the total package. Her gaze traveled from his legs, past the intriguing bulge in his jeans, up to his narrow hips and broad chest, straight into the darkest eyes she'd ever seen. She nearly choked on her iced tea when those eyes gazed directly at her, then looked past her as if she wasn't there.

CHAPTER 2

Not a good start.

Annie had never met Zack DiMarco but she knew who he was. Every woman in the country knew him. His face was in the business and society pages every week, usually next to a buxom blonde's, and his reputation was a talking point at parties he attended, and many he didn't.

Not that Annie had ever attended the same parties, but she'd heard about him on the grapevine.

Zack nodded nonchalantly at the waiter who nearly fell over himself in his eagerness to lead him to Annie's table. She quickly turned away and studied the wall of the cafe with what she hoped was ennui. No need to give him an even bigger ego boost by allowing him to see her interest.

"Annie McCallum?"

Wow, even his voice was sexy. Thick and syrupy. Imagine that low hum whispering sweet nothings into her ear...

Whoa, slow down, girl or you'll make a fool of yourself.

They shook hands and introduced themselves.

"Sit down, Mr. DiMarco," Annie ordered, then added "please" when she heard how sharp she sounded.

He raised an eyebrow but said nothing as he sat opposite her. The waiter returned with a menu. Zack waved it away.

"Beer," he said.

"Beer?" Annie thought he'd at least order something a little more sophisticated. Something to go with the Ferrari parked arrogantly close to the front door.

"It's hot. I like to drink beer on a hot day. That alright with you, Miss McCallum?"

"It's Ms. McCallum."

Zack's mouth twitched. Was he laughing at her? "And you can call me Zack."

"Right." Wow, he had amazing eyes. They were the color of dark chocolate surrounded by a fringe of thick lashes. His skin was naturally dark and he had slightly wavy, short black hair. His face was more honed than any Italian masterpiece, with hard lines and soft lips. Kissable lips. Just her luck. Why did Bob have to set her up with a man who was way out of her league?

She wondered if he was dating anyone. She bit her lip to stop herself from asking. Just keep your mouth shut as much as possible, Annie McCallum, and you might not end up looking like a nerd. Maybe.

"A little strange this, isn't it?" Zack said, taking the beer from the waiter.

"You mean you don't teach people how to be rebels every day of the week?"

His half grin was lopsided, and oh-so sexy. "Not lately."

She nodded and smiled politely, sipping her iced tea. The liquid trembled in the glass. She hated admitting it, but she was nervous around so much sex appeal. He oozed it. But her reaction only made her more annoyed. To stop herself from knocking the glass over with her shaking hands, she placed them under her thighs and crossed her legs. She concentrated on being very still and not letting him see the effect he had on her.

An uncomfortable silence stretched between them. Zack studied her but his face gave none of his thoughts away. Annie couldn't tell if he was sizing her up or just didn't give a damn.

He wasn't playing fair, but then again that sort of man didn't play by the rules. Usually she had no trouble separating the men who thought she was cute from the ones who thought she was, well, nobody important. With Zack she didn't have a clue. But she automatically put him in the latter category. Cute wasn't his style, not from what she'd seen in the papers.

He must have been incredibly thirsty because he drained his glass of beer. He waved over the waiter. "Two beers please."

"Two?" Annie asked. "You know, you shouldn't drink and drive."

He raised an eyebrow and leaned forward, crossing his arms on the table. "The second one's for you, Ms. McCallum."

She winced. "Maybe you should call me Annie. And I don't like beer." Or a man who presumes to know what I want to drink.

"You don't have to like it, you just have to drink it. Lesson number one."

"You don't waste time."

"Time is valuable." He leaned back in his chair and stretched his long legs out in front of him. The movement was lazy, sexy. Contrary to his words, he looked like he had all the time in the world. "There never seems to be enough of it."

"Maybe you should slow down."

"What makes you think I go too fast?"

She glanced at the Ferrari.

"Ah. I see." His face hardened and his lips tightened. "Don't presume to judge me by what I drive, Annie."

"Don't presume to judge me by what I drink, Zack."

What the hell was she doing? Giving Zack DiMarco a piece of her mind was not exactly a good idea. But he was so arrogant, and arrogant men just had to be brought down a peg in her book.

Bringing Zack down a peg or two could be a lot of fun. Maybe she should lighten up and go with the flow, enjoy the verbal play.

A soft, low rumble emanated from the depths of that amazingly broad chest. He might be laughing at her, but he was so damn sexy when he did it, Annie could almost put up with it.

Almost. "Something funny?" she asked.

"You. Bob said you were a little spitfire when you got wound up. I just didn't think it would be this easy to get you going."

"Do you mean to say you're riling me on purpose?"

He held up his hands in defense. "Now hold on, before you tell me I'm an arrogant pig, you should know that I'm just trying to get your measure. If I'm going to teach you to be more like me, then I need to know what raw material I've got to work with. Like your attitude."

So much for go with the flow. She didn't like the direction the conversation was heading in. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Where did she start? With the "more like me" comment or the fact that he thought she was a slab of wood to be carved into whatever took his fancy?

"What makes you think I think you're an arrogant pig?" she asked, taking him to task on the least offensive comment. She should be polite to him, for now.

His lips twitched in that annoying, mocking way. "Women like you usually do."

She drew in a deep breath and blew it out slowly. "Okay, I know I'll regret this, but what do you mean, women like me?"

He shrugged and stared directly at her with those sinful eyes. "Intelligent, conservative women."

She bristled. "You think you know me already, don't you. Well, Mr. DiMarco you've been here all of about ten minutes and let me tell you there's a lot more to me than a brain and, and...the clothes I wear."

"So you admit your clothes are conservative?"

"There's nothing wrong with my clothes! Some people might think they're conservative but a businesswoman can't wear sexy outfits or T-shirts with offensive slogans."

"Why not? Maybe you should try it one day. In fact, maybe I'll get you to try it this weekend. Something like what those girls are wearing."

He indicated the two starlets at a nearby table in their white shorts and low-cut tops with a good length of bare midriff exposed in between. Suddenly aware that the object of their temporary obsession was actually taking notice of them, they stopped giggling, replaced their grins with practiced expressions of boredom and thrust out over-sized br**sts.

But Zack's attention had already returned to Annie. She had to admit, it felt good to be with him. He was smooth, sophisticated. Most men would let their gaze wander to the starlets, but he gave her his undivided attention. He knew exactly how to make the woman he was with feel good-and he was probably going to use every trick in his repertoire on Annie, just to amuse himself. Well, she certainly wouldn't fall for any of them. Plenty of men like him had tried when she was younger, but none had succeeded. She didn't care about their fickle, fake interest.

"I wouldn't be caught dead in something like that." She sniffed. "Besides, I don't have the figure for it."

Big mistake. Zack's gaze traveled from her face to her throat, then languidly over her br**sts-where they lingered way too long-and down to her hips and legs. Her face flushed and she wished she'd worn long pants like usual instead of the short skirt.

"Oh, I don't know," he said quietly. "You might be able to pull it off."

She didn't know whether to be offended or flattered so she didn't say anything.

"I've embarrassed you," he said. "Sorry." He didn't look sorry. He looked amused.

"I'm not embarrassed. I'm just not sure this is appropriate conversation for two people who've just met."

"Maybe we should get to know each other first. That way I can work out what needs improving."

"Improving?"

He held up his hands. "Sorry, wrong choice of words. It's just that Bob was very specific about what he wants. He wants a rebel. And," Zack sighed as he studied her again, quickly this time, "I just don't see an iced tea-drinking, suit-wearing woman as a rebel."

He had a point, but he didn't have to be so offensive about it.

"Speaking of Bob," she said, "how do you two know each other?"

He shrugged powerful shoulders. "He helped me out when I needed it most. Now it's my turn to return the favor. Bob asked, so here I am. Besides, it could be fun. It's not every day I get to teach an attractive woman how to behave badly."

Annie's entire body went numb. He thinks I'm attractive?

"Annie? Are you still with me?"

She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. "Uh, yeah. So you were going to tell me why you owe Bob."

"It's no big deal. But it's not casual conversation. Maybe I'll tell you when we know each other better."

Damn. She hated mysteries. She'd never been any good at reading crime novels, always skipping to the last page to see whodunit. Pity this wasn't a book. It would kill her to wait. All she knew from the gossip pages was that Zack had come from a poor background. But how did he get started in big business? He would have needed capital, contacts and financial know-how.

Zack watched as Annie's brain ticked over. He could almost see the cogs turning, considering every possibility. He doubted she'd ever guess how much Bob had done for him fifteen years ago.

But Like he'd said, it was no big deal. He just didn't want it splashed across the newspapers. In order to make ends meet, he'd stolen a vehicle. Bob's. When he learned who Bob was, Zack, possessing the gift of the gab, talked him into listening to a demo tape of his late father's, a songwriter. Bob had liked what he heard and agreed to represent Zack, his three brothers and two sisters. He landed them a very nice deal and the family collected a tidy sum from the royalties. Zack used his share to buy his first investment.

"So do you like LA?" he asked, hoping to relax her with idle chatter. She was so tense, like a coil spring wound tight. He had a task ahead of him.

She creased her brow in that cute way he already decided he liked, and glared at him. Great, she was going to argue with him. Again. Jeez, she was uptight, and smart. Bob could've warned him. It seemed nothing he said, no matter how innocent the intention, slipped past her. But far from being annoyed, he found it challenging. That was one thing his life lacked these days.

"What's that supposed to mean?" she asked, her blue eyes narrowing. She had amazingly long lashes that leant Fifties-style innocent beauty to her pretty face. She wasn't attractive in the classic sense, although there was something about her high cheekbones and wide eyes that he found interesting and ethereal. With heavier makeup and elegantly messy hair, she could definitely pass for a twenty-something with attitude. She had the attitude part down already.

"It's supposed to mean, do you like LA? Nothing hidden there, Annie. Don't challenge everything I say. Although it's a step in the right direction as far as turning you into a rebel is concerned."

She bristled. Why did she do that? Did she have a deep, dark secret that involved rebels? Or was she just a woman who didn't like a man telling her what to do?

If that were the case, she was definitely not his type.

"LA's okay," she conceded with a shrug. "I've always lived here, so I don't know anything else. You?"

He drew in a deep breath, warring with himself. Should he give away more information than he usually did on a first, second or third date? Most women didn't seem really interested in his background, but Annie leaned forward in her seat and watched him intently. For once, he felt like the woman he was with really wanted to know more about him. Not how much money he earned or what cars he drove, but his family, his background-the things that mattered.

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to," she said. "We've only just met-"

"I've got nothing to hide." Not exactly anyway. It's just that some things were personal and should only be told to special people. It was too soon to know if Annie would become someone special, but he wanted to tell her. Maybe if she knew something about him she'd relax a little.

"I was born in Boston, moved to Detroit when I was five, then to Canada at ten. I've also lived in New York and Montana."

"You get around."

He smiled. "So I'm told."

There was that cute frown again. He wondered if she knew what affect that petulant pout had on men. Probably not. She didn't seem totally aware of her appeal, looking a little uncomfortable in her short skirt and high heels.

Nope, definitely not his type.

"Okay, what else do you need to know, sir?"

He grinned. Better. She was loosening up, finding her sense of humor. He liked it when she wasn't so obstinate.

Mischief danced in her eyes as she said, "You like being called sir?"

"Only by attractive women."

She blushed and the mischief vanished. His grin widened.

Uh-oh. Not good. Annie was having the wrong effect on him. He hadn't expected to feel warmly towards her. He wasn't supposed to like it when she smiled or blushed. He wasn't supposed to want to get to know her better. He couldn't afford to fall for her. He had to avoid women like her, at all costs, or he'd end up like his Dad.

Time to get her pissed off at him again.

"Tell me, Annie, what's your sex life like?"

CHAPTER 3

A spray of iced tea missed Zack's left ear by half an inch. "Excuse me?" Annie spat along with the tea.

"Sex. Do you have much of it?"

"That's none of your business!"

He chuckled. Better. Okay, not better but safer. "You're right, it isn't. But from now on you have kinky sex in unusual places. And lots of it."

Annie's face darkened and her nostrils flared. He waited for the dam to burst. He wasn't disappointed. "I've had enough, Mr. DiMarco." She stood. "This was a big mistake. I doubt Bob meant for you to hit on me in such an offensive manner. Good bye."

Wow, she was sensitive. Intriguing. But his plan to distance himself was backfiring before it had begun.

Annie couldn't believe she was about to walk out on one of the most gorgeous men on the planet. And all because he offered to have sex with her. What was she thinking!

But there was a principle involved. And standing by her principles was more important than great sex with the man of her fantasies. Right? Hmmm...

She stormed past the confused waiter, but Zack caught her arm before she got out the door. She tried to struggle free, accidentally hitting him in the crotch.

He swore but didn't clutch himself, although his face turned a little pale. Annie tried to keep her eyes level with his although she was tempted to look down at the affected area.

"You're dangerous when you're annoyed," he said.

"Let go of me."

He did, holding up his hands in surrender. "Fine. Off you go. I'm sorry I offended you."

She sniffed and stormed out of the cafe. Let him pay the bill-he could afford a few beers.

She walked briskly along the sidewalk, regretting parking her car two blocks away. It wasn't easy to make a point of storming off when your toes were squeezed into a pair of ridiculous shoes. But her toes were the least of her problems when the damned heel broke on her left shoe. She teetered and landed on her ass, her skirt hiked up around her hips.

"Stupid shoes." She cursed. No wonder they'd been on sale. They were death traps.

She stood and kicked them off. Determined not to look around to see if Zack had noticed, she continued on, shoes dangling from her fingers and head held as high as possible considering she'd just made a fool of herself.

But walking barefoot on a hot day in LA wasn't the smartest move. She might not break her neck but she was in danger of burning holes in her feet. The sidewalk was scorching and she was sure she could hear sizzling. She hopped from one foot to the other, glancing around for the nearest stretch of grass as the soles of her feet sizzled.

Her heart sank at the sound of a roaring engine alongside her. There goes that last thread of dignity. She tried to look as cool as possible, walking as if her feet weren't about to spontaneously combust.

"Get in," Zack said through the open window of his black Ferrari. "You'll get blisters."

She didn't turn around. "I'm fine."

"You're not. Your feet hurt."

"Leave me alone. I'm telling Bob the deal's off."

She heard a frustrated sigh coming from the humming car keeping pace beside her.

"Look, Annie, I didn't mean to offend you. I'm just trying to do what Bob asked. I'm sorry if you took it the wrong way."

"The wrong way? You just told me to have sex with you! Tell me the right way to take that sort of comment."

Her temper increased to the same temperature as her feet when she heard his soft laugh. The man was infuriating-he'd just propositioned her and now he was trying to laugh it off! Definitely a jerk.

"I wasn't offering to have sex with you, I was suggesting you make it appear as if you have a lot of sex. And like it. You know, talk it up a bit at parties, around Doggie-Whatshisname."

She bit her lip. "Oh."

"Look, I'm sorry you misunderstood me. I won't bring up sex again. Promise."

Damn.

"And I always keep my promises."

Double damn.

"Now get in. I don't want to follow you all the way home."

She almost cried with relief when she slid into the leather seat of the Ferrari. She dared not check her feet-she didn't want Zack finding out how much pain she was in.

"My car's just around the corner."

"We'll pick it up later." He put the Ferrari into gear.

"What? Why?"

"Because you can't drive with blistered feet."

"How did you know?" she asked weakly.

"The limping gave you away."

She glanced at him but his expression was unreadable. So maybe he wasn't the jerk she'd originally thought him to be. Not only was he gorgeous but he was considerate and observant too. She could almost forgive his arrogance and forget that he was out of her league.

Almost.

She directed him to her Santa Monica apartment and opened the car door when he pulled up to the curb.

"Wait there," he said, leaping out.

"Why?"

He jogged around the hood to her door. Uh-oh. What's he doing? The answer came when he leaned in, scooped her into his arms and drew her to his chest.

"What the hell are you doing?"

"Carrying you to your door. Then you're going to open it, I'm going to take you inside, sit you down and put something on those feet."

She didn't know what to say. In fact, she couldn't say a thing or she might cry. No one had ever done anything like this for her before. Although technically he did owe her-it was because of him that she'd worn the stupid shoes in the first place.

Okay, so he wasn't being gallant, just making up for his earlier comments. Fair enough. That she could handle. No point getting all mushy over every man who carried her over her threshold.

She bit her lip. She was definitely not going to cry in front of Zack. He was a charmer. He knew the right moves, the right words, and she needed to remember that or she was in danger of losing her head, her heart, and a few other body pieces that tingled and liquefied as she felt the hard muscles in his arms clench around her. She knew his type-the smooth talker, the sort of guy who liked to keep score. She needed to be on her guard around him.

Inside, Snoopy, her black and white terrier, greeted them at the door.

"It's all right, Snoopy," she said, "Zack's not abducting me, he's just..." What was he doing?

"Rescuing you?"

She frowned. Snoopy cocked his head to the side.

"Cute," Zack muttered. He placed her gently on the sofa and disappeared into the bathroom.

Uh-oh. What if he looked inside her cabinet? She did a mental check of all the embarrassing contents and was thankful he wasn't there to see her blush.

He emerged carrying a tube of burn cream. She doubted it would be all that effective on blisters but she didn't say anything as he knelt beside her to apply the cream to the soles of her feet.

At first it tickled and she struggled not to giggle and pull her feet away. But then she relaxed as the cream cooled her heated skin. After a few minutes, the gentle, circular strokes had lulled her into a sense of deep satisfaction.

"Mmmm, that feels sooo good." She sighed and flopped back into the cushions.

The stroking stopped abruptly. "I think that's enough," he muttered, voice gruff.

She opened her eyes and blinked. "Why did you stop?"

He screwed the top back on the tube of cream. Although she couldn't see his eyes, his lips were drawn into a taught, white line. "I've finished."

"What about the other foot?"

He handed the tube to her. "You do it," he snapped.

Weird. What the hell had she said to make him close up? They'd been enjoying a nice, almost sensual experience and he'd stopped as if he were afraid of-

Realization thunked her in the head. For her it was a sensual experience, but not for him. He probably thought she was falling for him and he didn't want her to. He wanted to keep their relationship on a business level. No wonder her near-orgasmic reaction to his foot massage worried him.

And he definitely wouldn't want her to fall for him. Noooo... Not her, a mousy nobody.

Well, if he didn't want her, that was okay. She certainly didn't want to fall for an arrogant jerk like him either, and she'd have great satisfaction in doing it. Or not doing it. Whatever.

"I'm going," he announced.

"Fine. I've got a lot of things to do anyway."

"Fine. I'll pick you up tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? What for?"

"A ride." He strode to the door, opened it and was gone without even a backward glance.

She sighed and flopped back on the couch. Wonderful. Zack thought she was a loser. Worse, a desperate loser who wanted him. Problem was, she did want him. Only physically of course. But he'd made it clear he'd never want her in the same way. Just as well. She wasn't a casual fling kind of girl.

***

Zack closed the front door of his Beverly Hills house and leaned back against it with a loud sigh. That had been close. He'd had a lucky escape. Annie looked so good lying on her couch, her skirt riding high on her slim legs, her body responding to his touch. He'd felt her tension ease as he massaged her feet.

Oh yeah, those feet! He wasn't a foot fetishist-in fact, he'd never noticed a woman's feet before, never touched them the way he'd touched Annie's. But she had soft soles, high arches and sensitive toes. Sexy toes.

He stripped off his T-shirt and headed to the bar. He poured a strong Scotch, no rocks, and swallowed it in one gulp. He made another but didn't drink it. He'd develop a drinking problem by the end of this assignment if he wasn't careful. He needed to keep reminding himself that Annie was just that-an assignment. Nothing more.

Definitely nothing more.

***

The next morning, Annie rummaged through her closet for something suitable to wear. It didn't take long before her bed disappeared under a mountain of clothes. She'd tried on every pair of shorts, Capri pants and trousers she owned, but none of them seemed right for a ride with LA's sexiest businessman. That was assuming he was talking about a motorbike ride and not a horseback ride.

Boy, she hoped he hadn't meant a horseback ride. The thought of getting onto the back of a live animal with Zack watching was too frightening. Imagine all the things that could go wrong! The horse could bolt and she'd fall off. She could step in horse poop. She could slip on horse poop and end up on her ass, or on her back with it in her hair.

She rifled through the clothes-mountain. What do I have that's poop-proof? She paused, then searched again. What do I have that's dork proof?

Nothing. Everything in her closet screamed 'conservative'. She settled on a pair of navy Capri pants and a white T-shirt, then checked herself out in the mirror. She looked great-for a day of sailing.

The doorbell chimed. She glanced at the clothes strewn around her room and sighed. No time to change or tidy up. She made a mental note not to ask Zack back inside after the ride, in case he wanted to make wild passionate love to her in the bedroom. There was a perfectly good sofa in the lounge.

Yeah, right. Like he'd want to see her naked.

She hurried to open the door just as the bell rang a second time.

"What took you so long?" Zack asked when she opened the door. He wore black jeans and a heavy, black leather jacket over a black T-shirt. He also wore a cheeky grin and two adorable dimples. At least he was over his little spat from the previous night. He was more fickle than...well, than her with PMT. "Couldn't decide what to wear, huh?" He was a mind reader too.

She grabbed her purse and shuffled out the door but he blocked her path.

"You're not going anywhere dressed like that." He pushed past her. "Let's see what else you've got."

"But, but...wait!"

He didn't stop and she had to run to catch up to him. Too late. He'd already reached her bedroom door and opened it.

"You really aren't very decisive are you? Or neat."

She shrugged, trying to appear as if she didn't care that Zack DiMarco was in her bedroom picking up her clothes and studying them with a casually discerning eye.

He handed her a black T-shirt without looking her way. "Put this on. Do you have any leather pants?"

None that she could squeeze into. "No."

"Then put on these." He held up a faded pair of jeans with a rip at the knee and yellow paint splotches down the legs from the time she'd painted her kitchen cupboards. "What about a leather jacket?"

"No."

"Denim jacket?"

"Nothing I'd be caught dead wearing this decade. Even I've got fashion standards."

He laughed softly. "Too bad. Find it and put it on. Fashion's not the issue. Yet."

She crossed her arms. She certainly was not going to be seen wearing that jacket. It had Spice Girls patches sewn onto it for crying out loud! Her father had got it for her years ago. It had been cool in the Nineties. She hadn't worn it then either.

"Do you always tell women what to do?" she asked.

"Yes."

"And do they listen?"

"Some do," he said, studying a pair of flat, brown sandals she wore to the beach on the occasional visit.

"Which ones?"

"The ones who want to sleep with me," he said from the depths of her closet.

She blushed. "I guess that means I don't."

"The day's not over yet."

What sort of ego trip was this guy on anyway? And how did he know she'd thought about sleeping with him? "You're arrogant, you know that?"

"So they tell me."

"Oh yeah? Who?"

He turned around, a pair of sturdy hiking boots dangling from his fingers. His eyes sparkled as he fought back a grin. "The ones who pretend they don't want to sleep with me."

She snatched the boots, spun on her heel and marched into the bathroom, a trickle of quiet laughter following her.

CHAPTER 4

Annie followed Zack out to the street where a gleaming black motorbike parked at the curb screamed rebel. He pulled on a helmet and settled onto the seat. The soft leather molded to his rear end like it was made for him. Mmmm, yum. He looked sexy sitting astride the sleek machine. She had to admit, he was cool.

Way too cool to hang out with the sort of girl who wore dated denim jackets. It must be torture for him to appear in public with her a second time. His reputation would take a beating if they were seen together too often.

"Get on," he said, holding her helmet.

Still annoyed by his arrogant comments in her bedroom, she really wanted to refuse, but one look at where she would sit kept her mouth shut. She'd go along. For now. She put on the helmet and slid onto the seat behind him.

"Now put your arms around my waist," he said.

She sniffed. "I don't want to." Liar. Every hair on her arms screamed to touch his body. No doubt his stomach was washboard flat and his chest hard.

"Okay, fine with me. Hang onto the seat behind you. Use both hands-I hate it when people fall off."

He was joking. Wasn't he?

She reached around and found a little handle on the back of the seat. She gripped tightly as Zack kicked over the engine. It roared aggressively, defiantly, challenging her neighbors to come outside and complain.

Before she knew it, the motorbike leaped forward and they took off. Fast. Way too fast. For the first time in her life, Annie felt fear. Gut wrenching, white knuckled fear. She squeezed her eyes shut and made a mental note to never get on a motorbike again.

They turned a corner and she bit back a scream as the bike tipped dangerously to the right. Her grip on the handle behind felt awkward and insecure. If she let go there was nothing stopping her from falling off except for the grip of her inner thighs around the large black bike. And the muscles in that region were sadly weak from disuse.

She opened her eyes but closed them again when she saw they were in the midst of traffic on the Santa Monica Freeway. At least Zack wasn't weaving in and out of lanes as she'd seen other motorcyclists do, but he wasn't slowing down either.

"Slow down," she yelled.

But he didn't hear her over the roar of the engine and wind. She hung on tighter. Her arms and legs began to throb.

When it felt like they were heading in a straight line, she opened her eyes a fraction and quickly looked around. The scenery flew past and the wind dragged at the sleeves of her jacket, plastering it to her body. She was thankful she was wearing a helmet, despite her initial concern about helmet-hair. To hell with looking good in front of the most gorgeous man on earth-at least she'd still have her brains.

But as the initial danger of falling off subsided, she didn't feel very consoled by that thought anymore. Flat hair looked really bad on her.

Despite her growing confidence in Zack's riding abilities, she still felt extremely vulnerable. There was nothing between her skin and the open road except the Spice Girls.

She gripped the handle tighter, but the muscles in her hands and fingers cramped up. Forget principles, this was a matter of life and death. One hand let go of the handle and gripped Zack around his waist. The other arm followed and she leaned into his back. Better. Safer.

After a few minutes she relaxed and was able to appreciate the scenery and the hard muscles infusing his body.

Eventually they turned off the freeway into Fullerton. The bike slowed and they pulled up at the California State University. Zack took off his helmet and swiveled around.

Reluctantly, she let go of his waist. He rubbed his ribs and grinned down at her.

"You've got one hell of a grip for a little lady." His grin faded to a smirk. "Guess you were pretty scared."

"You were speeding! And I prefer my limbs the way they are-attached to my body."

He laughed under his breath. "I was doing the same speed as everyone else. It just seems faster on the bike because you're so vulnerable. So did you like it?"

"It's was okay."

"Just okay?" He eyed her suspiciously. "I bet you loved it."

"So what are we doing here?" she asked, ignoring him. They'd stopped near the entrance to the Fullerton Arboretum. There were only two other cars parked nearby. The heat had driven most people into air conditioned shopping malls or to the beach. Annie had never been to the Arboretum before, although it was one of those places she'd always meant to see.

Zack lifted the compartment at the back of the bike and pulled out a small pack. He slung it over his back, pulled the straps onto his shoulders and headed off along the path that led into the Arboretum.

"Hey!" she shouted after him, her temper rising. "Are you going to answer me or do you just expect me to follow?"

"Are you hungry?" he called back over his shoulder.

She hesitated then said, "Starving."

He tapped the pack. "Then I expect you to follow."

She chewed her lip then cursed under her breath. Yep, arrogant. "Damn you, DiMarco. I could just strangle you right now."

"Now, now," he teased without turning around, "violence never got anyone anywhere."

"No," she muttered, "but it's a great way to relieve stress."

Her hunger won over her frustration and she followed him at a trot. He'd better not expect her to follow him around like a puppy dog for the rest of the week. She wasn't one of his female groupies, hanging on his every word. She had a mind of her own and she intended to exercise it at every possible opportunity, especially around Zack.

Some time later she wondered if they were going to keep walking until they'd reached the other side of the park. Just when she was about to give into her grumbling stomach and ask him when they'd be stopping, he did.

"Will this do?" he asked.

They stood on a low hill surrounded by spectacular and unusual flora overlooking a small lake. Sunshine glinted on the water, dappling the leaves on the overhanging trees. Despite the heat, a breeze made the spot pleasant, particularly in the shade.

"Perfect," she said.

He laid down the pack and pulled out two sandwiches. "Hope you like pastrami."

"Love it. What else have you got in there?"

"Just a couple of sodas and apples."

"No beer?"

"I thought you didn't drink beer."

"Of course I drink beer." Twice in fact.

He shrugged. "I didn't think you did, and I didn't want you to start today when you've got to ride home on the bike in one piece."

"You think I'd fall off?" she scoffed. "What sort of idiot do you think I am?"

"I choose not to answer that on the grounds I may incriminate myself."

"Smartass."

They ate their sandwiches in silence. Zack lay on his side, propped up on his right elbow, his long legs stretched out. His jacket lay discarded alongside Annie's. She'd removed hers as soon as she got off the bike. No need to be seen wearing that hideous thing any longer than necessary.

At first she tried to look everywhere except at Zack, but her traitorous eyes couldn't stop turning to him. He was handsome, in a Wild West kind of way. That languorous pose displayed the corded muscles under his T-shirt to perfection. His hair hadn't suffered at all by being under the helmet-strands of it flopped across his forehead, messy, sexy. He was gorgeous. What hot-blooded woman could deny it? Certainly not the one sitting beside him, trying hard not to get caught out staring.

"When you've finished staring, maybe we could discuss our plan."

Oops. "What plan?" she asked casually.

He turned to her and those chocolate eyes looked good enough to eat as his gaze roamed with leisurely arrogance across her face. "How we're going to turn you into a new woman."

Annie swallowed the last bite of her sandwich too quickly and nearly choked. She suddenly felt uncomfortable about the whole deal. Trying to be someone she wasn't was...wrong, deceitful. No, more than that. It hurt. Yeah, that's what bothered her. It meant she, the real Annie, wasn't good enough. She forced down the emotions those thoughts stirred up. Long forgotten emotions she wished would stay that way.

But they wouldn't. Not while Zack relished the task of changing her into a wild child. It was as if he couldn't wait to see the results of his handiwork.

And that was just downright insulting.

"So, what's the plan?" she asked through clenched jaw. She tried hard to banish her insecurities-they were for a later time, when she was alone and he wasn't around to unsettle her with his confidence and come-here eyes.

"Tonight, I'll take you to a bar. We'll have a few beers, maybe some spirits if you're coping okay, then-"

"Of course I'll cope," she snapped. Relax, Annie. It's his problem if he doesn't like you the way you are. She knew that. So why did his eagerness hurt?

"Then tomorrow, I'll take you shopping."

"Shopping? For what?"

"Clothes. You can't wear that jacket if you want to hang out with me. You need some outfits that will make you more comfortable around people like your potential client."

Yep, she'd guessed right. He was embarrassed to be seen with her. That hurt, more than she liked to admit. Sure, she wasn't as well endowed as the women he usually hung out with, but she wasn't that bad.

Was she?

"You made me wear that stupid jacket," she countered.

"Don't remind me. I'm just glad no one recognized me under the helmet."

"Yeah, lucky," she sneered. "Anyway, my clothes aren't all terrible."

"After rummaging through your entire wardrobe earlier, I now know what you like to wear. None of it is appropriate for the image I'm trying to create."

Image. So it was nothing to do with her, just an image he wanted her to project. Fine, she could deal with that.

"And what image would that be?" she asked sweetly, playing along.

"Sleazy Hollywood agent wanted by everyone."

"I'm not sure about the sleazy part."

"Me either, but it's my gut instinct and I'm going with it. We'll turn you into the woman every man wants to sleep with and every woman wants to, well, sleep with."

Annie laughed.

Zack grinned back. "That's better. You should do that more often."

Embarrassed, she immediately stopped smiling. Then scolded herself for being too contrary. "I don't know about all this. I'm not sure I can pull it off."

"Why not? A change of clothes, hairstyle and more makeup and you'll at least look the part. Besides, you've got a great teacher."

She cocked a brow at him but said nothing. He didn't really get it. He didn't understand that it was more than just clothes and makeup. It was confidence, and she had a severe lack of that commodity in group situations, especially when everyone else oozed it. Of course, a man like Zack wouldn't ever understand that. He had it all-looks, money, sex appeal. He was perfect-probably always had been. How could he ever come close to understanding what it was like being a nerd? Hell knows, other people had tried to change her-her father for one-and not succeeded. What made Zack think he could?

"So what else?" she said. "Are you going to take me to some parties?"

He shrugged. "I don't really attend many."

"Oh? That's not the impression I get."

His eyes narrowed. "And where did you get that impression from?"

"I, um, have to read the gossip pages in the papers. It's part of my job."

"Sure, I bet it is," he growled. "They're wrong anyway. I never attend half the things they have me at."

Yeah, right. Just like he never slept with half the women they have him sleeping with.

A prickly silence settled into the dense air surrounding them. Annie wanted to say something, anything, to diffuse it but Zack seemed to be brooding. Eventually she decided to return to the one thing they had in common-changing her into a social butterfly. She might as well accept that it was going to happen, temporarily at least.

"So apart from getting drunk and spending money, what else are you going to teach me, oh Master?"

Finally he chuckled. He seemed as relieved as she was to get the conversation flowing again. For someone so arrogant and confident, he was surprisingly sensitive about his own image.

"I'm going to teach you to ride a motorbike."

Annie let out a small yelp of protest. "You've got to be joking."

He shook his head.

"There is no way I'm getting on that machine again after today. Especially to ride it by myself. It's dangerous. Didn't you notice me shaking after I got off?"

He shrugged. "I thought I just made you nervous."

"In your dreams, DiMarco."

His brow furrowed but a smile played at his mouth. "Pity. I thought I had some kind of affect on you. It was good for my ego."

"Like your ego needs any help."

"Hey, my ego's as fragile as the next guy's. Especially when a woman doesn't even crack a smile when he makes a joke."

"You haven't said anything funny!"

"Gee thanks. Now I'm shattered."

She rolled her eyes but smiled anyway.

He lay on his back and closed his eyes. "Well, at least I don't have to teach you attitude. You've got enough of that to knock poor little Doggie back to his mommy in New York."

"His name's Dug-E."

But he didn't seem to hear her. His breathing became soft and his arms, crossed over his chest, rose and fell to an even rhythm.

Annie watched him. Did he really think he actually made her nervous? Unbelievable!

Unbelievably sexy, too. Her admiring gaze traveled the length of him. His sheer size was magnificent, as was the bulge in his jeans that was rumored-according to gossip-to be as impressive as it promised. An image of him naked flashed through her mind and it was all she could do not to jump him and have her way with him.

She let her eyes roam back up to his face. The strong contours of his Italian heritage were a perfect canvas for the high cheekbones, straight nose and almond shaped eyes. And the soft lips, strung into a cheeky bow, was way too delicious too ignore.

She imagined kissing those lips, right now, as he lay on the grass beside her. Would he wake up? Would he kiss her back? She felt like Sleeping Beauty in reverse. Zack was certainly a beauty all right-but this was no fairy tale and she was no Princess Charming. More likely he'd wake up and run a mile.

But since she could never have him on a more intimate basis, surely a little kiss would be all right. Just a little peck on those yummy lips, to taste them. The opportunity would soon pass if she didn't grab it. All she wanted to do was touch his mouth with her own before she lost her nerve.

She leaned forward, her face inches from his, and closed her eyes. It was now or never.

CHAPTER 5

Annie leaned over him. Touched him. Zack, in his semi-conscious state, could sense her closeness. The desire to feel the delicate brush of her skin against his, or maybe a nipple caressing his arm, overwhelmed him. Even his lips tingled in anticipation of a small kiss.

The whisper-light stroke against his forehead might have been a dream but he wanted to believe it was real, that she'd kissed him there.

Do it again.

He felt light-headed, dazed by the heat and his own drowsiness. But there was a definite desire on both their parts-the air between them buzzed with it.

The same feather-like caress brushed the hair from his forehead. In his dreams Annie was so close he could almost taste her. She smelled like roses...

A small gasp near his right ear quickened his pulse. "Annie," he murmured, or maybe only dreamed he did. Then all previous thoughts were swamped by a driving need to feel her lips on his. To feel-

The slap on his cheek.

Zack sat up with a jerk. "Hey!" he shouted. "What the hell have I done now?" Since he never seemed to do anything right according to Annie McCallum, he must have done something to annoy her. Maybe he breathed in the wrong direction.

She looked at him matter-of-factly. "There was a bee on your face."

He glared at her, not sure whether to believe her. It was more likely he'd done something to deserve that slap. "A bee?"

The soft pink lips that he'd dreamed were kissing him only moments ago crept into a smile that made her bright blue eyes sparkle. She was truly beautiful when she smiled like that. And she had no idea.

"Did you think I just decided to slap you?" she asked with a laugh. "Why would I do that?"

He shrugged, trying to appear cool, calm and collected when all he felt was hot, on-edge. "Who knows. I seem to have offended you more times than I can count. It wouldn't surprise me if I offended you by the way I slept."

He tried to look intent on picking up their trash and putting it in his backpack. He wasn't avoiding her, he just didn't want to look at her right now. Not with those sweet, tempting lips. Kissable lips.

Jeez, he needed to stop these thoughts immediately. They were wrong. Worse than wrong-they were dangerous. He should not be thinking about her at all. She wasn't his type.

He cursed under his breath. Who was he kidding? Annie was perfect. Too perfect. She was everything he wanted and desired in a woman-she was sexy but didn't have a clue what affect she had on men. She was funny, intelligent and she sent his pulse rate soaring to dangerous levels whenever she was close. What more could a man want?

But that was the problem. She was so perfect for him, he needed to avoid her. She could tempt him to go where no woman had taken him before-matrimony. His type of woman was the partying kind, the kind whose breast size was inversely proportional to her brain size and who believed banks were there to pay for her plastic surgery and shopping sprees. She would never want to have children because it would ruin her figure and she'd never want to live on a ranch because the cafes were too far away. His type of woman was the kind a sensible man would never marry and that was all right by him because he wanted to remain a bachelor. Forever.

He'd seen it all before. The man who married the love of his life, only to become a slave to her. His father, for example. He'd had dreams of stardom, of making it big as a musician. He gave all that up when he married Zack's mother. Sure, he'd loved her and would have followed her to the end of the world, at first, but it also meant giving up the music and his dreams. The growing family couldn't live on love and songs. His father got a job, then another, as the family grew.

But it wasn't enough. A dreamer and unqualified for real work that paid enough, he needed to supplement his income with the proceeds of the occasional burglary to support a wife and brood of hungry children. That was the beginning of the end. He went from city to city dodging the law, dragging his family with him. Zack's parents' great love ended in bitter divorce because of the financial and legal pressures.

His father's creativity, sapped by the time he was forty, went undiscovered until after his death. Too late.

So much for dreams. So much for love.

Zack would not make the same mistake.

No, he couldn't let Annie know what she did to him or he'd be trapped. In his experience, women latched on when they knew he was interested, hoping to drag him to the altar. He supposed he was a good catch on paper, but so far, he'd managed to extricate himself from any delicate situations with his bachelorhood in tact.

So far.

But Annie was different to those other women. Already he wanted her. If she knew, she'd use her entire arsenal to get him-and her weaponry was more powerful than any other woman's because she wasn't aware of her allure.

Yep, she was so perfect, she was downright dangerous.

***

Zack took her home and later that night he took Annie to a bar where shmoozers shmoozed and gossip columnists listened in. Following in his wake, she peered into the darkness and the motionless haze of smoke which lent the place an aura of gothic moodiness. It was probably exactly the atmosphere the trendy LA bar was trying to achieve.

"What do you want to drink?" Zack asked, easing himself onto a barstool.

She shrugged. "Whatever you're having."

He ordered two beers.

"Can I have mine in a glass, please?" she said to the barman.

"No," countered Zack. "You'll drink from the bottle." He grabbed his around the neck and swallowed half in one gulp. She did the same but with considerably less success. She finished with a splutter, spitting some of the beer across the polished surface of the bar.

"Keep trying," he said. "Do you like it?"

"Not bad." She shrugged one shoulder. "But I've had beer plenty of times before."

He nodded but said nothing.

Damn, he knew she was lying. Not a good sign.

She glanced around at the other patrons, trying to appear as if she did this sort of thing all the time. Several scantily-clad starlets sat in prominent spots in the middle of the room and a few sophisticated drinkers hunkered down in dark corners doing deals or whatever it was they did in bars.

"You come here a lot?" she asked Zack.

He shrugged. "More or less."

"That's not an answer."

"Nosy, aren't you?"

"Just curious. I don't know much about you, but I'm sure Bob's told you about me. That gives you an unfair advantage."

"That's the way I like it."

Okay, try a new tactic. "Yesterday you said you've lived in lots of different places. Why? Was your father in the army or something?"

Zack took another long gulp of his beer but he never took his eyes off her. Even when he put the bottle down he studied her for a long time. It was unnerving. She'd never felt so vulnerable in her life. It didn't help that he was the man of her dreams either.

"Okay, if I answer your question, you have to answer one of mine."

She hesitated only momentarily before nodding. She had nothing to hide after all.

"My parents were poor," he said matter-of-factly. "Dirt poor. Dad had two jobs but Mom kept having children. An itinerant laborer can only earn so much. He couldn't support everyone and Mom couldn't work because someone had to look after us. So he moonlighted as a thief."

"Oh my God. I had no idea. Did he get caught?"

"We moved before the law caught up with him, then my parents divorced and he died in his early forties. Shortly after, I headed to LA. The story gets boring from there."

She doubted that. "Oh," was all she said. Wow, was her life so...normal. Next to him, she was dull, despite her father's decadent lifestyle. A lifestyle he'd tried to share with her. A lifestyle she'd tried to avoid. Annie's heart went out to the kid Zack had been. But studying him now, all good looks and confidence and wealth, he hadn't grown up any worse for his experiences.

"So tell me how you made all your money?" she asked, settling into the conversation. She was surprised at how much he'd opened up already-who knows what she could get him to tell her.

Zack was just as surprised at how much he'd said to Annie. He wasn't the sort to tell people about his childhood, especially not to someone he barely knew. Maybe it was because she was still a relative stranger. He didn't expect to see her again after the end of the week when Dug-E flew in and hired her to be his agent. Yeah, that must be why-it was safer to tell a stranger than a friend.

Besides, if she knew where he came from, maybe she'd be less likely to want to get involved with him. Good girls don't date bad boys. They might use them to make the good boys jealous or to temporarily escape their image, but beyond that, women like Annie had nothing to do with guys like him. Just as well. It would make it easier to resist her if she didn't want him. As it was, resisting her was going to take all the self-control he had.

"Okay," he said in answer to her question. "I've got Bob to thank for that. When I moved here, I was following in my father's footsteps."

"Working two jobs?"

"Stealing. Cars to be precise. One day, I was attempting to break into a nice convertible. Bob's. But you know what an old softie he is. Instead of turning me in, he organized a job for me. Retail. A men's wear shop. I was seventeen and it was just what I needed. Of course, Bob threatened to turn me in if I didn't stick it out."

"You got rich working at a men's wear shop?"

"No, I got rich when I learned what Bob did for a living. My new boss, a friend of his, told me. You see," he leaned towards her, "my father had written some songs before he met my mother. It had been his dream to have them recorded, but life got in the way. I had my older sister send me Dad's old demo tapes, and I got Bob to listen to them. He liked them and represented the family, getting a deal with Sonic Records. A very lucrative deal. The songs became popular and all six of us took our share. I used mine to buy the shop where I worked and turned it into a department store. The rest, as they say, is history."

"Wow. Interesting. What were the songs?"

"Ever heard of Love is a Velvet Sky? Or Walking on Hot Coals?"

"By The Dream Weavers?"

He nodded. "They recorded Dad's songs."

"I never knew. My father never discussed business."

"He wasn't involved. Bob brokered the deal."

"That sounds right. Dad handled the publicity and temperamental artists. Since the songwriter was deceased, his talents weren't really needed, I guess."

Zack detected a note of...what? Disappointment? Annoyance? Maybe she wasn't proud of her father. If so, they had more in common that he first thought.

"You're not like him," he said.

She stiffened. "No."

"Tell me about him."

"He loved life to the fullest. End of story."

"I told you about me, so now it's my turn to ask a question."

Her mouth twisted into a wry grin. "Shoot."

He placed one elbow on the bar and leaned his cheek on his palm. "Why did you decide to become an entertainment agent?"

"What sort of question is that?"

He shrugged. "It just isn't...you."

"Not me? What's that supposed to mean?"

He dodged the sparks fired by her intense blue gaze and decided to let her dwell on her own question a moment longer. He finished his beer and toyed with the empty glass before he answered. "You're not a typical LA agent."

"That's because I'm not," she sniffed. "I'm not a typical anything."

"No kidding."

"So why are you asking me such a silly question? You wasted a perfectly good opportunity to ask me something personal."

"Did I?" He shrugged again. He'd got her shackles up, that was for sure, but she wasn't going to admit it. He decided to leave it alone. It was obvious that Bob was right when he said she probably became an agent because of her father. Some part of him just wished she'd admit it. He didn't know why.

"Let's change the subject," he said quickly, not wanting the evening to deteriorate further.

"Good idea."

"What do you want to drink now?"

"Aren't we having another beer?"

"You've barely touched yours. I figured you didn't like it."

"Okay, but you choose."

"What do you usually drink?"

"Wine."

He shook his head. "Nope, too boring."

She groaned. "You sound like Dug-E."

"Don't even say that in jest, Annie. Two bourbons," he said to the barman.

The bourbons arrived and Annie picked up her glass, sniffed and screwed up her nose. "That's disgusting."

"You're not supposed to smell it. Drink it."

She took a sip but the reaction was the same.

"Guess bourbon isn't your drink either." Watching her struggle with the bourbon, Zack began to think nothing would be to her liking. "Do you drink at all?"

"Of course I do. Every night at home after work, and sometimes on Saturdays with friends."

"A glass of wine doesn't count."

She scowled.

He ordered a vodka and lemon. She had to like that-all women did.

She sipped. "It tastes like lemonade. I like it."

"Good. Now, I think you need to learn some bar etiquette."

"There's etiquette?"

"Of course there's bar etiquette. Starting with buying rounds for your friends."

"You're only saying that because you've been paying for all these."

He grinned. "Okay, you got me. But you should learn some other tricks of the trade." He leaned over and undid the top button of her white blouse. Her face turned a brilliant rose. "Better."

"Not from where I'm sitting."

"When you're talking to a man, lean forward seductively so he can see down your shirt."

"If we weren't in public I'd slap you right now."

"And sit as if you own this place."

She wrinkled her brow. "How do I do that?"

"Straighten you back, survey the room with disdain and look as casual as possible, no matter how drunk you get."

"Easier said than done." But she tried it anyway, glancing quickly around the room, then again, slower, with her nose in the air. A very cute nose, he noticed.

"Not bad. Do you smoke?"

"No. It's a disgusting habit."

"True, but it would help your image. Think about taking it up in the next few days."

She cocked an eyebrow at him. Cheeky, he thought. He liked that.

"Why are you teaching me all this stuff when Dug-E's too young to drink in a bar anyway?"

Good point, but he wasn't going to tell her that part had slipped his mind. He'd got carried away by his task, forgetting their objective. "Because drinking will give you respectability at parties, and Dug-E will pick up on that. Besides, the kid can probably drink you under the table. I could at his age."

She stood suddenly. "I need to go to the bathroom."

"Already? You've only had one drink and a few sips of beer and bourbon."

"Hey," she said over her shoulder as she walked off, "a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do." She flashed a cheeky grin. Not watching where she was going, she bumped into a chair.

Too bad the man in it splashed his beer all over her or she might have got out of the situation with her dignity. As it was, Zack roared with laughter as she attempted to apologize and buy him another beer. In the end, the man settled for pressing a napkin to her br**sts.

Zack halted mid-laugh and stood. Time to intervene.

CHAPTER 6

"Lick, sip, suck."

Zack's words hummed in Annie's brain as she licked the salt off the fleshy part between her finger and thumb, swallowed the shot of Tequila and sucked on the lemon wedge he held out for her.

An image of herself sucking his fingers instead made her giggle.

"What's so funny?" Wow, his voice was so deep and sultry it rumbled in her chest.

"Me. You. Um, this. This Tequila's yummy. I love it. Especially the sucking part." She winked at him.

His eyes narrowed. "I thought you said you'd had it before."

"Oh yeah, I did didn't I."

"Annie," he scolded. "Don't lie to me about this, it's not going to make you cooler. If you're feeling tipsy, I want to know before we go any further."

"Further?" She waved a hand in front of his face, just missing his nose. He backed away and caught it, lowering it to a safer position. "I'm fine. This is nothing. My Dad's clients were always trying to get me drunk when they came over."

"I can imagine." He stared into her eyes until she pushed him gently in the shoulder.

"Don't stare."

"I'm checking to see if you're drunk. You're looking a little-"

"Zack!" The screech turned both their heads in the direction of the smiling blonde bouncing towards them. "Zack DiMarco is that you? What are you doing here?"

"Oh, hi Melanie. I'm uh, just having a drink with a friend."

Friend? She'd reached friend status? The night was getting better and better. Now, if only the room would stop spinning...

The blonde, Melanie, swooped on Zack and planted a kiss on his cheek. A long kiss. He pulled away and glanced at Annie. Hmmm, interesting. Was he worried about what she thought? But what he did next answered that question in the negative. He placed an arm around Melanie's anorexic waist and pulled her to him. The mounds of her high, round br**sts met him at eye level. He stared at them openly. Melanie giggled.

Annie rolled her eyes but her heart wasn't so cynical and it took a dive. So that's what he liked in a woman-big br**sts and fluffy white poodle-hair. The tabloids hadn't lied.

She didn't stand a chance.

Not that she wanted to have a chance. He wasn't her type-he was way too big-headed. And way out of her league.

She tapped her fingers lightly on the bar as she watched them chat easily. They seemed like old friends, and by the way Melanie draped herself over him, they'd probably been lovers. Or perhaps she just wanted to be.

If the situation wasn't already awkward enough, as the conversation dragged on, it became downright uncomfortable and even Zack seemed to want Melanie to disappear. He withdrew his arm and his smiles became strained.

It was time to lighten the moment.

"Um, excuse me, Melanie," Annie began. Zack turned first, then Melanie somewhat reluctantly when she realized he was no longer paying any attention. For the first time, the blonde seemed to notice he had a companion. "Um, can I ask you something? Something personal?"

Melanie perked up. "Ooh, I like these sort of conversations. What do you want to know, Sweetie?"

Annie tried to keep a straight face. "When you go swimming, do you float?"

Zack passed a hand across his face and groaned.

"Oh no," Melanie said emphatically, placing a palm over her bosom, "I never go swimming. It turns my hair green."

"How unfortunate," Annie said.

"It sure is! You're so lucky to have mousy colored hair."

"Mousy!" What a rude bi-

"Okay," Zack said, rising quickly, "I think it's time we left, Annie."

She turned and glared at him. "But I was only just getting started," she said through gritted teeth. "Let's stay and chat to Melanie for a while. She's so...witty."

"I think you've had enough wit for one night. We've got a long drive to get you home."

She cursed him under her breath but stayed rooted to her stool. There was no way she would attempt to stand while Melanie was still around. With the floor still spinning, it would be embarrassing enough to do it in front of Zack-she didn't need the poodle laughing at her as well.

"It was nice meeting you, Melanie," she said politely. "I hope we'll see you around somewhere." Like hell.

"Oh, Zacky, that reminds me. Louisa's having a party on Wednesday night. You're coming aren't you?"

"I don't think so-"

"Oh, but Zacky," Annie crooned in imitation of Melanie. "We simply must go to Louisa's party. Just think what a great opportunity it would be."

"Opportunity?" Zack and Melanie said together.

Annie winked at him. "Yeah, for that little project of yours."

"Oh, yeah." He nodded. "Looks like we'll see you there, Mel."

"Yes," Melanie said sharply. "I'll see you there. Both of you. How lovely." She glared at Annie through lashes curled almost to her eyebrows.

Annie made a mental note to look absolutely stunning the night of the party. Well, as stunning as a B-cup woman can look next to two hot-air balloons.

Finally Melanie marched off and Annie decided it was safe to get up. She stood and the floor moved under her. Zack caught her before she fell.

"Mmm," she murmured as the muscles in his arms flexed. "Nice."

He let go as if she were poisonous. That stung and she sighed. He must still be afraid of encouraging her. Well, now that she'd seen his type first hand, she could see why. Letting people think he was dating a mousy, dull woman would harm his reputation as LA's wealthy playboy. She sniggered. She couldn't let that happen.

"Can you walk?"

"Of course I can! I'm not drunk."

"And I'm an alien."

"Are you?"

He sighed and his arm snaked around her waist again. She smiled and snuggled into him. It felt like her feet were gliding across the floor. She glanced down and noticed that they were-Zack was practically carrying her.

But looking down was a bad move. Her stomach lurched.

She moaned.

Outside, Zack propped her up against a light pole, bending her over at the waist. The hand on the back of her neck was cool and steady.

"Your body's all wrong for drinking," he said. His voice sounded strangely disembodied.

"My body's fine," she snapped, clutching her churning stomach.

"I know," he murmured. "That's what worries me."

Before she could work out what he meant, her stomach heaved and she threw up at the feet of the man of her dreams.

***

Annie fell asleep in the Ferrari on the drive back to her place. Zack turned the volume on the CD player down so as not to wake her. Every time he stopped at a red light, he glanced at her peaceful form. Her head rested awkwardly on her shoulder, her lips parted slightly and she breathed evenly. She looked almost angelic. She'd certainly not been an angel when she threw up all over his shoes.

He cursed himself and thumped his fist against the steering wheel. He shouldn't have let her drink so much. He hadn't realized until too late that small women were affected quickly by alcohol. That, coupled with her lack of drinking experience-which she'd tried to hide-equaled disaster. A messy one.

Damn. He should've known better.

He felt like a traitor. He was supposed to be looking after her as well as taking her under his wing. Getting her drunk to the point of throwing up definitely wasn't on the curriculum.

He parked outside her building and walked around the hood to open her door. He lifted her out and her head fell against his shoulder. Her body was light, a perfect fit in his arms, and her hair smelled of lilies. He could get used to that smell.

She stirred then nestled back into his arms. At one point he thought he heard her whisper his name and he stood rooted to the spot, hoping she'd say it again. But she didn't. Maybe she hadn't at all and it was just wishful thinking on his part.

When he reached her door, he set her on her feet and propped her against the wall, holding her up with his shoulder as he rifled through her purse.

"Hey, what are you doing?" she said, stirring. She shoved his shoulder away. And tipped forward like a felled tree.

Zack caught her. "I'm looking for your keys."

"Good. We can't stay out here all night. What would my neighbors think?"

"That you're drunk."

"I'm not." She giggled. "I bet they'd think we're having sex."

He located the keys and with one arm around Annie, unlocked the door. A yelp greeted them.

"Oh, Snoopy, hello, Baby." She wiggled her finger at her dog as he licked her toes. "So are we?" she asked Zack.

"What?"

"Going to have sex?"

"Are you going to fall asleep on me?" he asked.

She wrinkled her brow. "I can almost guarantee it."

"Then I guess not. I hate it when that happens."

She snorted. "Bet it's never happened to you."

He swept her into her bedroom and laid her gently on the bed. He removed her shoes then looked at her face. She watched him, a little glassy eyed, but it was still unnerving. He wished he knew what she was thinking. On the other hand, maybe it was best he didn't.

"Do you want me to help you get undressed?"

She wrinkled her forehead again. "I haven't shaved my legs."

He chuckled. "If you remember anything tomorrow, I have a feeling you're going to regret saying that. How about I just leave you dressed."

"Whatever," she muttered, closing her eyes.

"Oh, no you don't. Not yet." He shook her shoulders until she opened her eyes. "I'm going to get you something to make you feel better. Just wait a minute."

Zack headed to the kitchen, Snoopy trailing behind. He found the ingredients he was after and a tall glass and a few minutes later he had a concoction that would scare away even the grimmest hangover.

"Come on, Snoopy, let's see what words of wisdom your cute little owner's got now."

They returned to the bedroom and found Annie sound asleep, lying on her back diagonally across the bed.

He sat her up and shook her gently. "Wake up. You have to drink this."

She groaned and opened her eyes. "What is it?" She eyed the concoction suspiciously.

"Hair of the dog."

She gasped. "Snoopy!"

The dog, sitting on his haunches, panted happily at his mistress.

Zack laughed. "Not that dog."

"Oh. Good. Guess that's all right then." She drank a mouthful and gagged. "That's awful."

"But it's good for you. Finish it."

"You finish it, I'm going to sleep." She started to lie down but he grabbed her around the shoulders and pulled her to him.

"Ooh, I like it when you get all manly with me."

"I'm not being manly, I'm just trying to get you to drink this. Now do as you're told."

She scowled but drank until the glass was empty.

"Good. Now you can go to bed."

She raised her brows. "You coming?"

"I thought we agreed you couldn't stay awake."

"Oh yeah." She lay down and closed her eyes.

He pulled the covers up to her chin. It was best to leave her dressed. Who knows what trouble he'd get into if he allowed himself to see more of her than he should?

"So what do her boobs feel like?"

He sat down abruptly on the bed and blinked at her. "Melanie's?"

"Who else? Or do you know lots of women with big, fake boobs?"

"I know several. But I've never felt hers so I wouldn't know."

"Yeah sure. She was all over you."

Where was this conversation heading? Wherever, he didn't want to go there. "That doesn't mean we've, ah..."

Annie giggled then yawned. "I bet they feel like watermelons." Her voice faded as she drifted into sleep.

He smiled then leaned forward and kissed her forehead.

He should've left it at that. He shouldn't have kissed her on the lips.

But they looked so inviting, so rosie and sweet. And she was asleep.

Was.

Annie's lips opened in response to his kiss and her tongue flickered out to meet his. He liked the way she moaned and the way her arms reached around his neck and pulled him closer. He liked the way her hands trailed through his hair. And he loved the way her body strained to meet his.

God she felt good in his arms, on his lips. Then it suddenly hit him, with all the force of a punch. He wanted her. His body was eager for her-so eager it was painful.

But with a grunt of frustration, he pulled away. She fell back on the bed like a stone. He hadn't even known he'd been holding her. It wasn't right. Not just because she was drunk but because she was Annie. Perfect little Annie who could disrupt his life and destroy his dreams.

"I have to go," he said quickly, turning away.

"But, Zack..."

Damn. The plaintive note in her voice was so vulnerable, so unlike her that it raked his heart raw. He stopped at the door and turned back slowly. She looked so small, sitting up in her huge bed, blinking at him with those big, ocean-wide eyes, her mouth turned down into a pout. She was sexy. Dangerously sexy.

"Sorry, Annie, but you're drunk and I need to go." He tried to smile but it felt awkward with the taste of her still on his lips. He turned, tripping over Snoopy in his haste.

When he reached the front door, he heard her footsteps padding behind him. He looked back to see her standing in the bedroom doorway, arms crossed, leaning against the wall. Snoopy hovered at her feet adoringly. "Good. Go. And by the way, if I was sober there's no way I would've kissed you. I don't like guys like you."

Shaken, he closed the door between them.

CHAPTER 7

Annie groaned and pulled the pillow over her head to smother the incessant ringing in her ears.

It didn't help. Her head felt like it had been smashed into millions of tiny pieces which she expected to see scattered over her bedroom floor when she opened her eyes. If she opened her eyes. So far, her plan to lie in bed for the rest of the day with her eyes shut seemed like the best headache remedy. The aspirin in the bathroom cabinet was half way around the world.

"Annie, get up," shouted a deep male voice. It sounded as far away as the aspirin.

Zack. She groaned again, rolled out of bed and thumped across the floor like a zombie. Probably she should've refused to get up but her brain cells had ceased functioning last night and it was easier not to argue.

She opened the door and flung a hand over her eyes. "Turn off the light."

Zack moved past her, closing the door behind him. "The sun doesn't come with an off switch. Annie, where have you been? I've been ringing the doorbell for ages."

"Cowering under my blanket. You made me drink that God-awful hair of the dog and it didn't work."

He chuckled. Jerk. Maybe she should just go back to bed. Not only could she not put up with his smartass comments right now, but with her head under the blankets he couldn't see her. She didn't dare look in a mirror-she didn't want to frighten herself.

"You look like Hell," he said, reading her thoughts.

"Thanks, Einstein. Now that we've established that, you can leave."

"No way, this could be fun."

She glanced up at him. The creep was smirking. "What?"

"Taking you shopping with a hangover."

She groaned and flopped onto the sofa, flinging an arm over her eyes. Maybe if she couldn't see him, he couldn't see her. But when the room fell silent, she realized he was no longer there. She lowered her arm and gently opened her crusty eyelids, just in time to see him emerge from the bathroom and enter the kitchen.

"Snooping again?" she asked, voice rasping in a sexy way that she thought made her sound, well, sexy.

"No, getting some aspirin." He handed her a glass of water and two tablets. "Drink up."

"That's what you said last night with that hair of the dog stuff. This better work."

He waited until she swallowed the tablets and took the glass from her. When she started to lie back on the sofa, he caught her hand and pulled her up.

"Oh no you don't. You're going to have a shower." He led her by the hand into the bathroom and propped her against the cool tiles. She closed her eyes, listening to the splashing water as he turned on the taps.

"Now get undressed."

She opened one eye and found herself staring him in the face.

"I'm not staying," he added, "but since you're going to be trying on lots of clothes, I suggest you shave your legs."

Oh no. Annie winced, recalling the words spoken in drunkenness the night before. She really had to learn to keep her mouth shut, and not just when she was drunk. She heard the door close on Zack's throaty chuckle.

Half an hour later, she emerged from the bathroom feeling slightly less ill and a great deal more presentable. She was ready for a day of shopping, even if it killed her. She'd made a resolution to not let Zack see how hung-over she was-she had her dignity to maintain after all. What little of it was left after the previous night anyway. Not that she could remember much...

"Please tell me you've got the Ferrari and not the bike. I don't think I could handle another ride on that thing. Not this morning."

"If you throw up on the bike at least you won't ruin the upholstery."

"I'm not going to throw up! I feel perfectly fine." Liar.

"Good. Because we've got a lot of shopping to do and it's already one o'clock."

First stop was Rodeo Drive. Annie cringed at the prices in the designer shops but Zack didn't even blink. He made her try on a pair of gorgeous Prada slides with a moderate heel and straps criss-crossing over the toes. They were the sort of shoes she'd never dream of purchasing-neither practical nor within her price range. Not even close. Slipping them on, she felt decadent, obscene and totally guilty. She loved them.

"I can't afford these," she told Zack emphatically, taking them off. "You could feed a starving family for a year at that price."

"You're not supposed to have a social conscience," he said from the corner where he'd been quietly watching her. He looked so imperious, leaning against the wall with his arms and legs crossed. A small smile played at the edge of his mouth. "You're too cool for that remember?"

She rolled her eyes. "Well, I could feed myself for a year at that price, then. How's that?"

"Better. But you're not getting out of it that easy. Those shoes are all the rage this year."

She frowned. How did he know that? Did the man of her dreams have a fetish for female shoes? The sound of her crashing obsession filled her ears.

He uncrossed his arms and frowned back at her. Then his face cleared and he smiled that knowing, cheeky smile. He nodded towards the male shop assistant. "So he told me."

"Well, whether they're all the rage or not, I still can't afford them."

"You don't have to."

Her eyes narrowed and she stood, hands on hips, glaring at him. "You are not buying me anything."

He ambled over to her, standing so close she could smell the subtle woodsy fragrance of his aftershave. It was delicious and she wanted to bury her nose in his neck.

"Why not?" he asked

"Because I've got principles." Damn those things. "I don't let men buy me anything until I've slept with them at least twice." She said it only half in jest.

He arched an eyebrow. "That sounds like a challenge."

She glared at him.

"Fine," he said still smiling. "Since Bob's paying for them, it doesn't matter anyway."

"Bob." She nodded, breathing out slowly. Bob could probably claim it as a tax deduction. Although she'd like to see his accountant's face when he presented him bills for women's clothing.

"We'll take them," Zack said to the assistant as he skittered past. "And a pair in red."

"Red? That's a little extravagant isn't it?" Annie said.

He shrugged. "Red shoes look sexy on a woman. I think you should have a pair."

Annie frowned but said nothing as she slipped on her own pair of scuffed black mules.

The assistant looked down his long nose at her and sniffed. "Perhaps you would like to wear your new pair and I could pack those away for you. Or burn them."

She was about to shake her head when Zack answered "Yes." She agreed, but only because the new shoes looked really cute.

Outside, the heat sucked away their breath. No one in their right mind would go traipsing up and down a shopping strip on such a hot day. Annie watched all the mini-skirted girls giggling and pointing at Zack as they passed and decided none of them counted-they definitely weren't in their right minds.

"Zack!" cried a passing woman. She stopped and placed a hand on his arm. Her fingernails had small palm trees painted on them and she wore at least one ring on every finger. She tipped her blonde head and accepted his kiss on her cheek with grace. "Darling, what are you doing here?"

"Shopping."

"I can see that, Darling, but what's come over you? I thought you hated shopping."

"I do. But I've made an exception today." He held up the bag with Annie's new black pair of shoes and her boring old ones. "Annie needed shoes."

If her face glowed, Annie decided that was okay with her. She deserved to bask in the glory of Zack's familiarity, especially in front of yet another blonde with br**sts the size of satellite dishes. It seemed Zack had a thing for surgically enhanced women who resembled their poodles.

"Annie?" The fluffy head turned in her direction and traveled critically from her loosely tied hair to the new red shoes. The woman, age indeterminate, attempted a smile. But it didn't pass the fake test. She couldn't manipulate her rubbery bee-stung lips into anything more than a smirk.

The woman glanced back at Zack and it was obvious she was waiting for an introduction. He didn't give one. "Well," she chirped too sweetly. "I need to keep moving. Shopping to do. Toodles."

Annie waited until they were alone then she turned on him. "Why didn't you introduce me?"

He shrugged. "I couldn't remember her name."

She doubled over with laughter. "If I ever bump into you and you don't introduce me to your companion, I'm going to make you squirm, Zack DiMarco."

He placed his arm around her shoulders and kissed the top of her head. "I'll never forget your name, Annie McCallum."

She froze until he let her go. Something about the affectionate way he kissed her brought up a dim memory, something to do with the night before. She shook her head. She wouldn't worry about that right now. Last night was probably way too embarrassing and best left forgotten. Whereas his action just now was definitely memorable. Her skin where he'd pressed his lips still tingled.

With her strappy red shoes clicking along the sidewalk, she followed Zack into one shop then another. They bought a tight-fitting little black dress, a pair of black hipsters, knee-high boots, two short skirts with death-defying side splits and three tops in assorted colors. Everything was skimpy. And pricey. And the smaller the outfit, the more it cost. Annie shook her head at the prices but Zack didn't blink an eye as he paid for them with plastic-the gold variety. He assured her Bob had promised to reimburse him.

Next they purchased a heavy leather jacket for riding and a lighter, three-quarter length one to wear with her new outfits on cool evenings.

"I'll look like a prostitute with this jacket and those skirts."

"Good. That's exactly the look all the young things are trying to achieve these days."

"I'm nearly thirty!"

"Not until Dug-E leaves town, you're not. I think you could pass for twenty-two."

Great, another blow to her already fragile ego, although the shopping expedition had helped inflate it somewhat. Not only had Zack put his arm around her and kissed the top of her head, but when she tried on a pair of tight leather pants, his eyes had glazed over.

"They look great on you," he said huskily as he studied her reflection in the full-length mirror. She blushed and turned around so she couldn't see herself, then realized too late that she was giving him a perfectly good view of her rear end in the mirror. She blushed again and raced into the changing room. The sooner she got the pants off the better.

Obviously Zack liked the sort of women who wore tight leather and skimpy outfits. She never wore them. And when this was over, never would again. He wouldn't want to know her then.

But she bought the pants anyway.

It was five o'clock by the time they finished purchasing makeup and handbags and Annie wished she'd gone with her safe practical shoes instead of the red ones. She ached from her toes to her back. All she wanted to do was flip the shoes off and bathe her feet in a soothing tub.

"Hey, Zack," someone called. Annie groaned. Here we go again.

All day women had stopped him to say hi. Most he introduced her to, others he didn't-at those times she tried not to laugh. Sometimes she was even successful.

This one, a brunette in tight black pants similar to the pair Annie had just bought, rubbed herself up against him.

To his credit, he subtly put some distance between them then placed his arm around Annie's shoulders, pulling her to him. The brunette got the message and moved off, her nose in the air and br**sts thrust forward like weapons.

"You know," said Annie innocently, "giving these women the impression we're dating isn't good for your reputation."

"I know. Nor is it good for my love life."

Now she was intrigued. "So why are you doing it?"

"Pretending you're my girlfriend?" He shrugged. "I'm taking the week off."

She thumped him on the arm and he smiled.

But then his face straightened and he gazed directly ahead. "Don't worry. I'll make sure everyone knows we're not an item."

"Oh," she said, returning to reality with a thud. So that's how it was. She was nobody. That stung, more than she cared to admit. But she should have seen it coming. Of course she was an embarrassment to him considering the women he dated-beautiful and buxom with confidence oozing from every de-toxed pore. She was a mousy bore who never went to parties. No competition. Not even close.

She sighed. As much as she was enjoying his company, she needed to keep things in perspective and not expect a fairytale ending. For now, she should just enjoy herself and maybe she'd make a friend in the process.

Zack could feel tension vibrating off Annie. She was annoyed at him. Ah well. It was easier having her annoyed, so that's the way he'd try to keep things between them.

Except he couldn't, not always. Having women approach him all day had helped keep Annie's temper simmering. He hadn't realized how many women he knew until today. And not one of them could he call a friend. He hoped he could call Annie one after this was all over.

Although being around her, constantly reminded of his feelings, could spell disaster.

He'd loved the day. Just being with her had been fun. Buying her things had been great. He'd lied about Bob paying for the clothes. Probably Bob would, but Zack had no intention of telling him. Or Annie. She'd make him return everything and he definitely didn't want to do that. Then he'd never get to see her in those leather pants again, or that short skirt. His step faltered as he remembered how her ass had looked in the tight leather. H O T.

Then again, since he couldn't-shouldn't-have her, maybe he'd better return them...

They headed back to the Ferrari parked outside the Prada shop and piled their shopping bags in, then themselves. Zack cranked up the air conditioning and Annie placed her hands on the dash, spreading out her arms to get the full affect of the cool breeze.

"One more stop then we'll head home and have a cold beer," he said.

She groaned.

"Okay, you can have a glass of wine."

"So where are we headed now?"

"The beach."

"The beach? But it's getting late!"

"That's the best time. All the sunbathers have gone home and the place actually seems peaceful."

"So why are we going to the beach if not for sunbathing?" She hesitated. "Oh. You're not going to make me swim, are you?"

"You'll see."

Annie rolled her eyes. If there was anything she hated more than an egotistical male it was an egotistical male who said "You'll see" with a smile as broad as the Cheshire Cat's.

After battling through traffic, Zack pulled the Ferrari into a parking spot at Santa Monica beach and got out. Annie did the same and followed him to an ice cream stand.

"We're going to eat ice cream," she said not really believing it.

"Yep. That okay with you or are you way too sophisticated for ice cream?"

She scoffed at him. "Do I look sophisticated?"

He smiled. "What flavor?"

"Chocolate of course."

He ordered and paid for the ice creams and handed the chocolate one to her.

She licked it. "Now what?"

"We walk along the beach."

"Okay. But I don't see what you're trying to teach me here."

"To relax and enjoy the sunset."

She frowned, disbelieving. "That sounds a little too normal. I don't think Dug-E would be interested in sunsets. Sunrises maybe, after a night of hard partying."

"I don't care what Dug-E is interested in right now," Zack said, nudging her. "This isn't part of your training."

She didn't know what to make of that. Not part of her training. Then what were they doing? What possible motive could he have for taking her for a walk along the beach with ice cream at sunset?

Oh boy.

CHAPTER 8

Annie's face burned. Thank God Zack wasn't looking at her. The idea that he might be interested in her made her head spin and her knees weak.

But she dismissed the notion as absurd. This was Zack DiMarco. Women like her didn't end up with men like him. They dated lawyers or insurance salesmen. Although they probably slept with the Zack DiMarco's of the world once in a while.

Now there was a goal to aim for. Maybe he'd already decided to aim for it. Maybe hot, steamy sex with her was his motive for this romantic walk. Now she was really nervous. And confused.

"This is nice," she said on a squeak.

He looked down at her and smiled softly. "It is."

She gulped and licked her ice cream in what she hoped was a suggestive gesture but not a desperate one.

But she was too subtle. He didn't seem to notice.

"See, isn't it better when you lighten up a little?" he said.

She nearly choked. So much for hot sex. "Lighten up? What do you mean, lighten up? I'm perfectly light, thank you very much."

He groaned. "Me and my big mouth."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

He started to say something then stopped.

She really hated when people did that. "You were going to say something then. What was it?"

He shook his head. "Nothing."

"Tell me, Zack."

"Annie, let it slide. It wasn't important. And what happened to the girl I've been shopping with all day?"

"Now what's that supposed to mean?"

He sighed. "It means you've changed back to the argumentative woman who doesn't know how to enjoy herself."

"Doesn't know how to enjoy herself! What about last night?"

He went very still. "I thought you didn't remember much about last night."

She sniffed. "I don't. But I do remember having a good time."

"At the bar?"

She shrugged one shoulder. "Of course. Why? What happened afterwards?" Okay, now she was nervous. She had no recollection of events after the bar. Did she pee her pants? Did she throw up on his shoes? Uh-oh. Snippets of the previous night flickered through her brain. She groaned. "Oh God, I threw up on your shoes, didn't I?"

He laughed, relaxed again. "Yes, but that's okay. I've got other shoes."

She covered her eyes with her hand. "I'm so embarrassed. I threw up on Zack DiMarco's shoes! How could I? I'm so sorry-"

"Annie," he pried her hand gently away from her face, "it's okay. You enjoyed yourself, and that's the main thing. And that's the only embarrassing thing you did last night, so don't worry."

She nodded but all she wanted to do was bury her head in the sand.

"I'm never drinking again," she moaned.

"Sure you will. Tomorrow night actually. I'm taking you to a club. But I'll keep a better eye on you this time now that I know your alcohol tolerance level is about zero." He grinned and tapped her nose with his cone, smearing the tip with ice cream.

"Hey!" she shouted, going cross-eyed looking at the dollop of vanilla.

Zack shook so hard with laughter that he didn't see her cone coming. His laughing stopped abruptly when ice cream splattered over his chin.

The sudden silence and the sharp glint in his eyes stopped Annie's heart. She'd done something terribly wrong. She'd just ice-creamed Zack DiMarco! She bit her lip, didn't move for a split second, then spun on her heel and took off across the sand.

"Oh no you don't," he growled.

She turned to see a grinning Zack running after her. With his long legs she didn't stand a chance, so she stopped, put her left hand on her hip and held out her right, pointing the cone at him.

"En garde," she shouted in her best French accent.

"You think you can beat me in a food fight, huh? Well you've picked the wrong opponent, Sweetheart." As he said it, he leaped forward, grabbed her sword arm with his free hand and stuck his ice cream cone into her face with his right.

She screamed, collapsed onto the sand in a fit of giggles and wiped ice cream from her eyelids. "Mmmm," she said, licking her fingers.

He fell to his knees beside her, grinning. Strands of black hair fell over his forehead and into his warm, liquid eyes. The grin faded to a sly smile as he studied her ice creamed face. "You look good enough to eat."

She caught her breath when his eyelids drooped. His smile vanished and he lowered his face to hers.

The kiss felt strangely familiar, but she ignored that sensation in favor of the other ones assailing her. The ones that made her toes tingle, made her heart beat as fast as a butterfly's wings and made her forget what the hell she was doing kissing Zack DiMarco, a man so out of her league his team didn't even play on the same planet as hers.

But the moment was spoiled when he abruptly pulled away and swore. Not the most encouraging gesture. "Sorry," he muttered as he stood. He looked everywhere but at her, ran his hand through his hair, rubbing ice cream through it, and apologized again.

Annie stood on wobbly legs, trying to appear like she didn't care. But she probably didn't succeed considering her heart raced and her mind whirled. "That's okay." What else could she say? The last time a kiss had ended with swearing and apologies, she'd been playing chase with Benny Furland in the school yard and their braces had locked together. Definitely not a good sign.

"No, you don't understand," Zack muttered. "Hell, I don't really understand, but you said it yourself last night, I'm not your type. Well, you're not my type either so let's just leave it at that."

Last night? Uh oh. Annie drew her brows together. "I said that?" Well, it was true, only she wished they'd avoided the topic altogether. Now things would just get awkward between them.

He didn't answer her but spun round and walked off up the beach. Running to catch up, she made yet another mental note to never drink again.

***

Kissing Annie the first time had been a mistake. Kissing her the second time was a monumental disaster. Zack couldn't get her or that kiss out of his head. She'd looked so delicious as she lay on the beach, covered in ice cream, giggling and staring up at him through those brilliant eyes.

It wasn't fair. He wasn't supposed to feel so much desire, so much need, for one woman. But he did, and now he'd pay for it because he had to be with her, but not be with her.

They drove in silence. Zack wondered if she understood why he'd stopped the kiss. Probably she didn't, but to her credit, she didn't pursue it. He wouldn't have a clue how to explain it to her without hurting her feelings anyway.

But he had to at least justify it to himself. That was easier. Annie was a quiet, sensible woman. She could do better than a playboy with a dubious past. And he certainly didn't want to be tied to a woman who could wrap him around her little finger. He couldn't settle down with one woman. One petite, sexy woman...

Okay, so convincing himself wasn't as easy as he thought.

And there was that little matter of her off-handed comment last night. I don't like guys like you. Had she thrown that at him in frustration? Or did she really mean it? From what Bob had told him, she usually dated safe men with safe jobs and normal backgrounds. Why would she want someone like him? Someone with a shady past and a reputation for dating every woman he knew.

And why did it ache so much? He should be relieved that she wasn't thinking of him in that way.

Hell, this was ridiculous. He'd never struggled with his conscience where a woman was concerned. He'd never cared what they wanted him for, or thought of him. And a kiss had never affected him so much.

"Guess this awkward silence means we're not having that drink," she said.

He glanced at her. Her face was still streaked with ice cream and her lips pouted. Her arms were crossed over her chest and she stared straight ahead. Damn. He'd hurt her feelings. He may not be her type but she was sensitive. He needed to remember that and be more careful with his words, and his kisses.

"Annie," he said quietly, then thought better about yet another apology and said, "of course we are. If you want."

She shrugged and he took that as a yes.

They drove the remainder of the distance in silence.

He carried her parcels into her building, trying not to step on Snoopy as he made his presence known at Zack's ankles.

When he came out of her bedroom, Annie had already poured herself a glass of white wine. She handed him a bottle of beer. Now came the awkward bit. She glared at him over her glass, but every time they made eye contact, she lowered them and pretended to study its contents.

Damn, it wasn't fair. All women knew guys weren't very good at apologizing, or at explaining for that matter. What did she expect-groveling?

"Look, Annie," he began then stopped. He hadn't a clue what to say next. Sorry I kissed you? It'll never happen again? He didn't want to dig a deeper hole for himself.

But she made it easier for him. "I understand," she said quietly. Which meant she didn't understand at all. He wasn't a complete dumbass when it came to women. "Let's just forget about it. It shouldn't have happened."

She was right. They both knew it. And it was what he wanted-not the awkwardness but the emotional distance between them. So why did he feel like someone was using his rib cage as a drum? He opened his mouth, closed it again and decided to do the safest thing. He took a long drink of beer to give himself time to think.

But before he could swallow she said, "I'll be back in a minute," and disappeared into the bedroom.

***

Annie closed her bedroom door and flopped on the bed. She needed some space, time to think things through. Apparently she'd told Zack he wasn't her type of guy. What an idiot! It was true, but did she have to tell him? Sure, he was out of her league, but he'd kissed her. Her! Who knew where it could have led. If only he didn't keep breaking off the kisses...

She thunked her forehead. Reality check. Of course he broke off their kiss. He didn't want to take it any further, or for her to read more into it. So his hormones occasionally took over-well, he was a man-but he was able to get the better of them at the crucial moment.

She sighed deeply and stifled unshed tears. Maybe it was just as well. Taking the kiss further wouldn't be a good idea, and she probably would read more into it than was really there. And deep down, she knew there never would be more.

She hopped off the bed and picked up one of the shopping bags. She dumped the contents onto the bed and selected one of the tiny tops. She wouldn't be caught dead wearing it outside the house. Until now. She had looked okay in it. And the leather pants. The look in Zack's eyes when he saw her in them had made her feel good. Womanly. Sexy.

Well, she needed an ego boost...

***

In the lounge room, Zack finished his beer. Now what? He headed into the kitchen and retrieved another from the fridge. The only remotely edible thing in it was a hunk of cheese. He sliced it up and ate it.

"You really don't eat well, Annie," he called out to the closed bedroom door. No answer. "Maybe you should go to the supermarket once in a while."

Still no answer and she wouldn't usually let that comment pass without a retort.

Something was wrong. He'd hurt her more than he'd realized. What now? Should he barge into her bedroom and...what? Console her? Maybe he should take her out to dinner. He could promise to take her shopping again-what woman would refuse that? He could talk to her, but he wasn't sure how effective that would be considering he'd already put his foot in it too many times already.

He switched on her TV, hoping to draw her out with the noise but there was no movement coming from the bedroom. He glanced down at Snoopy. The dog sat on his haunches and stared back, panting and happily drooling on the floor.

"What are you looking at?" Zack growled.

Snoopy lifted two doggy eyebrows at him.

"Okay, okay, I know. You're right. I have to go and talk to her." But he didn't move. He tapped his fingers against the beer bottle and drew in a deep breath, then glanced at Snoopy again. "I'll give you a doggy biscuit if you go talk to her."

Snoopy stayed put.

Zack rose, sighing. "You're right. I wouldn't do it for one of those things either."

He crossed the lounge and lifted his hand to knock on her bedroom door but stopped. She'd only tell him to go away. And he really wanted to talk to her, clear the air. So he just opened the door instead.

And stopped dead in his tracks.

Annie was naked.

CHAPTER 9

Annie stood with her back to Zack, studying her reflection in the long mirror. Now that he'd had a few more seconds to drink her in, he realized she wasn't entirely naked-a thong sliced through two exquisite butt cheeks.

His breath caught and his groin throbbed.

Then Annie whipped around, the new leather pants held up to cover her from br**sts to thighs. Only she'd forgotten about the mirror and Zack had a perfect view of that perfect behind.

"What are you doing?" she cried, color flooding her cheeks.

"Um..."

She bit her lip and shifted her weight, but to her credit, her glare didn't falter.

He should remind her about the mirror. He really, really should remind her. A chivalrous man would.

Who was he kidding? No man in his right mind would remind her-the view was way too tantalizing. And the glimpse he'd caught of the rest of her hinted at what else had been hidden under her jeans and T-shirt all day.

"Um," he said again, trying desperately to think of something to say. For some reason, his brain didn't work and he couldn't come up with anything sensible, so he said, "Why are you naked?" Dumbass, stupid question.

"I was trying on these pants," she said stiffly.

"I see." Oh boy, did he see all right. "So how do they look?"

She frowned, her face flushed, gaze locked with his. Then they widened to the size of saucers and he knew he was done for.

"Oh my God!" She glanced over her shoulder and gasped at her reflection. She picked up one of the new tops that lay discarded on the floor and held it against her bottom. But he'd seen enough and it was becoming obvious that he'd enjoyed it. Painfully obvious. And Annie had noticed.

Her face flushed again but this time a small smile flickered across her lips. She was laughing at him!

"I'm going," he muttered, quickly turning away. He reached her front door before turning back, half hoping to catch another glimpse of her. But she was out of sight. "I want to see you in those leathers tomorrow," he called. "We're going for a ride. You're driving."

Too late, he realized what a bad idea riding was. It meant he'd have to sit behind her. And she was going to be wearing those leather pants. He sighed. Tomorrow would be agony.

***

Annie was determined to put a brave face on it. He'd seen her naked-so what! He hadn't run away screaming at the sight. Although he had run away, he was far from screaming. She smiled as she remembered his reaction. Being caught nearly naked by Zack might have been worth it after all.

"You look good," he said when she opened her door to him the next morning.

He looked pretty damn good himself, slouched against the door frame, hands plunged into his jeans pockets, ankles crossed. A shadow of beard and hair that needed a comb run through it, gave him a don't-mess-with-me look. He wore riding gear-black jeans, leather jacket, black T-shirt.

She was dressed similarly in her leather jacket, a white T-shirt and the new leather pants. When she'd tried them on last night, she'd discovered they showed the outline of her underpants underneath. Even she knew that was a big fashion no-no, hence the thong which she'd found deep inside her top drawer. A long-ago boyfriend had bought it for her in the hope that she'd wear it. She never had. But now, it was the only suitable thing to wear under pants so tight nothing was left to the imagination.

She stepped past him and walked as unselfconsciously as she could to the road. She didn't need to turn around to know that his gaze was fixed on her behind-she could feel its heat.

"Wearing the thong?" he asked, his voice casual. Maybe a little too casual, as if he were trying too hard to sound like he didn't care.

"What do you think?"

She heard him suck in air but he didn't answer. She smiled to herself. Yup-he wanted her. She swallowed. Oh boy, LA's sexiest bachelor wanted her. Who cares that he wasn't interested in a relationship with her-it just felt good to be desired. Maybe next time he wouldn't stop their kiss. She swallowed, not wanting to think about what would have happened if he hadn't. She wasn't sure she could do the casual sex thing, even if it was with the hottest man in town.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked finally. "You're not going to chicken out on me?"

"Chicken out? Me? Never." Not now anyway. She had her pride.

"Good. It's a piece of cake. It's just like driving a car."

It was nothing like driving a car. Zack went through each of the components and instruments of the bike then gave step-by-step instructions on how to start, stop and steer.

"Now get on."

She did.

"Start it up."

So far so good.

"Drive down the street, turn around and come back. Slowly," he added. Like she needed reminding.

She kicked the engine over as instructed, placed her feet on the pedals and felt herself toppling. She managed to return one foot to the ground before the bike keeled over with her still on it.

She grinned at Zack who expelled a long breath and brushed a hand over his eyes.

"Just checking to see if you were watching," she said.

"You're dangerous, Annie McCallum," he said above the roar of the engine. The edges of his mouth softened. "Very dangerous."

This time Annie left one foot on the ground until the bike inched forward. She rode down to the end of her street, thanking the Powers That Be that traffic was minimal, turned and rode back again. She stopped the bike at Zack's feet.

"Easy," she said.

"Good. Do it again. Faster this time."

She rode around the street five more times before Zack nodded. "Okay, you're ready."

"For what?"

"A bigger road."

She shook her head. "No way. I'm not riding in traffic." She started to get off. He placed a gentle but firm hand on her shoulder. Out-classed, she sat back down. "I'm not riding on the open road," she said weakly.

"Yes you are."

"You can't tell me what to do, Zack."

He crossed his arms. "I'll tell Bob."

She hesitated then said, "I don't care."

His face changed subtly, the tiny lines around his eyes relaxing as he peered down at her. He placed his hands on her shoulders and rubbed his thumbs across the smooth leather of her jacket.

"Look," he said, "I know you're scared. I know this is a big step for you, but-"

"I am not scared."

She shoved his hands off and revved the engine louder to drown out his chuckling. Arrogant jerk. She was about to head off when he swung his leg over the bike and settled in behind her.

She twisted around. "What are you doing?"

"You don't think I'd let you go out for a ride on your own already do you? I'm not insane."

She had her suspicions that it had nothing to do with letting her go on her own, and everything to do with being close to her leather-clad butt. Okay, she could deal with that.

Zack held onto the handle attached to the seat behind him instead of her waist. A few deep breaths later and she took off, a little faster than before, and headed out of her street.

It took a while before she felt completely comfortable but eventually she began to relax and enjoy the sensation of riding a motorbike, not as a passenger but as the driver. It was infinitely less scary than sitting behind Zack. She felt totally and completely in control now, even to the point where she accelerated to the speed limit. Well, almost.

An hour later and she'd done a full circle after cruising along the beach, feeling superior and cooler than any of the bikini-clad girls strutting their stuff along the foreshore. None of them had a gorgeous hunk willing to show them how to ride his most prized possession.

Finally, she eased the bike back into her street and parked outside her building. Zack got off first and she switched the engine off.

"Well?" he asked, beaming down at her. He looked like a proud father.

She shrugged. "It was okay."

"Okay? Ha! You loved it, Babe, I could tell."

Babe! He'd called her Babe! What did that mean? And did it have anything to do with him seeing her naked butt again?

Zack's good humor was infectious and she finally conceded that the ride had given her a real buzz. "Did you see everyone stare at us?" she asked, leading the way inside. "They thought I was so cool."

"Next time, you go on your own. You need more practice before Dug-E arrives but I think you'll do great. And just so you sound like you know what you're talking about, I'll be giving you a pop quiz in a few days."

She groaned. "This is worse than high school."

They stopped at her front door, and she suddenly felt awkward.

"You coming in?" she asked tentatively.

"You inviting me in?"

She paused. "You going to walk in on me naked again?"

"Maybe."

She thumped him lightly in the chest and they both grinned.

Inside, she headed for the fridge while Zack avoided the yapping Snoopy. She produced two beers and handed one to him.

"I think he likes you," she said.

"I think he wants to hump my leg."

"You're lucky. Usually when I bring a man back here he wants to bite their, um, you-know-what off."

Zack placed the beer bottle in front of his groin. "I feel privileged. So what's with the beer?" He pointed to the bottle in her hand. "I thought you only drank wine."

"I'm practicing. Besides, I figured it was a bit wimpy to drink wine after riding a motorbike."

He nodded and maneuvered carefully past Snoopy to sit on her sofa. "Mind if I turn on the TV?" he asked as he turned on the TV.

"Sure, treat this place like your own?"

"There's a game on."

"Even better," she groaned but sat beside him anyway. "Basketball?"

"Baseball."

"Lucky me."

"Don't like baseball?"

"Can't say I've ever sat and watched a whole game. It looks pretty boring."

"Maybe I'll take you one day," he said, settling into the sofa.

"I'll look forward to it." Maybe she actually would. She'd sit through a hundred boring ball sports if Zack took her. "I didn't realize you liked sport."

He frowned at her. "What gave you that idea?"

She shrugged. "I thought you'd be too, ah...busy."

The frown deepened. "Something tells me you were going to say too rich."

"No! No, no, no. And there's no such thing as too rich in LA anyway."

He looked at her for a long time. "Right."

Right? It didn't sound right. He sounded annoyed. What had she said to offend him? "Same as being too famous, or too attractive," she persisted. "Or too weird."

He grunted. "Cocky little thing, aren't you?"

"Takes one to know one."

He grinned slyly and turned back to the TV. Nothing much seemed to be happening in the game but he was glued to the set. Annie sat back in the sofa beside him and watched, trying to work out the appeal of baseball. From what she could see it was a bunch of men dressed in funny pants spitting on the field. It was kind of disgusting really. She sighed. How long did a whole game go for? An hour? Two? All day? She tapped the beer bottle with her fingernails and glanced around the room, looking for something to do.

Zack sighed. "Relax and enjoy the game."

"No offence, but baseball is boring."

"Then just sit and enjoy peace and quiet."

"Huh?"

He shrugged. "Just think your own thoughts for a while. You don't have to be doing something every waking moment. Get some down time."

"Down time? Are you crazy? Who's got time for down time? I've got dishes in the sink, the floor needs sweeping and Snoopy smells." None of which she usually cared about but it was too late to take it back now.

"You definitely need to relax. You're more uptight than I thought."

"Do you deliberately try to annoy me, Zack or does it just come naturally?"

His grin was lopsided. "Sometimes." He deftly dodged her fist. "But this isn't one of them. I thought you had the attitude thing down okay, but now I'm not so sure. From what Bob told me, this Dug-E kid doesn't care about anything."

"When he's not smashing up hotel rooms. So?"

"So you shouldn't too. You need to go with the flow a bit more. Loosen up. Relax."

"Stop telling me to relax. It's driving me nuts."

He threw up his hands. "There you go again." He shook his head and placed his beer on the coffee table. "Turn around and I'll give you a massage," he said, laying his hands on her shoulders. "Maybe that'll help."

She didn't hesitate. It was all part of her training after all, and he was the teacher. A damn good one too. His hands were gentle but firm, relaxing her to melting point.

Minutes slipped by as the slow, sure fingers continued to work on her shoulders, down her arms and back, to her hips, snaking around her waist. His body moved into hers and she leaned into him, pressing herself against the hard muscles of his chest. She heard him catch his breath then let it out roughly as he bent to kiss her neck. A shot of warm tingles swept across her flesh as her body liquefied under his touch.

"That's it," he whispered against her skin, "just relax." He turned her face toward him and kissed her lips. He was soft, warm and oh-so sure.

Annie's first reaction was to kiss him back-he tasted good. Her second, and the one she went with, was to pull away. She retreated to her side of the sofa and Zack, blinking dumbly back at her, eventually did the same.

"This is wrong," she said. But it didn't even cover half of it. It wasn't wrong-it had felt so right-but it wasn't fair. How long could something last between two people so inappropriate for each other? They might want each other sexually but it wouldn't work out. She knew it, and she knew he did too. She'd rather stop now instead of later because somehow she suspected she'd be the injured party if she let the kiss continue and develop into something more. Something that ended in the bedroom. She knew she couldn't handle a one night stand with Zack. She wanted more, but he didn't care enough to give it to her.

Looking at him staring back at her with his gooey chocolate eyes, a pang of regret fluttered in her stomach. Okay, so it was more like a sickening blow than a flutter. Either way, it hurt and she wondered if she'd done the right thing. For the millionth time since meeting Zack DiMarco, she wished she didn't have principles, or hormones.

Zack turned away from her and ruffled his dark hair, sexing it up even more.

"What's wrong?" he murmured.

"Nothing."

Without looking in her direction, his lips twisted into a small, sarcastic smile. "Look, I didn't mean anything by that. I was just getting you to relax."

So the kiss was purely mechanical. It was all a part of his grand scheme to turn her into a rebel. Or was it some kind of macho cop-out to save his self-esteem?

She wanted to ask but she could only manage, "Huh?"

He looked at her, his eyes smoldering dangerously behind hooded lids. She braced herself for what was to come. "Chalk the experience up to practice, Annie. You seemed to need it."

"What?" she exploded. "I need practice at kissing now?"

"Yeah." He looked away. "It's all part of being a wild child. Which you're clearly not," he said, his voice low and rough. "And since you'll probably have to kiss this Dug-E guy to convince him..." He trailed off and stood abruptly, his face turned away from her.

She stared at him, open-mouthed and wide-eyed. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. "He's eighteen!"

Zack seemed to stiffen, but it might have been her imagination, wanting to get some sort of reaction. She sensed rather than saw evidence of the bubbling heat of anger boiling, barely contained, just below his controlled surface.

"Right," he said evenly. "He's probably got more experience than you."

Annie had to stand and move around to face him to get a good, satisfying, cracking slap on his cheek.

Zack's only reaction to the slap was a slight, mocking smile.

"Good," he said. "That's exactly what a rebel would do. You're learning." After a hesitation, he added, "Although it's not very becoming on you."

This time he caught her hand inches from his cheek.

"I think I'd better shut up now," he said.

"I think you should've shut up five minutes ago."

"You had your tongue down my throat five minutes ago." He still held her hand, but not tightly. She could've pulled free at any time. "Then all of a sudden you didn't."

Was there a hint of disappointment in his hooded eyes? It was difficult to tell with her heart thumping so hard she was practically blinded by the rush of blood to her head. "Sorry," was all she could say.

"Yeah, right. Well, now that things have suddenly become awkward I guess I better go."

"Guess so." She followed him to the door, cursing herself for letting things go too far, then cursing herself for not letting them go far enough.

"Are you going to take me for a ride tomorrow?" she asked, trying desperately to keep her voice steady. She wasn't sure what she wanted his answer to be. She wanted to see him again but that would mean falling deeper and deeper-something that scared her where Zack was concerned. He was so unattainable she didn't stand a chance. Not for what she wanted. And she wanted it all. The picket fence, the nursery full of babies and a devoted husband. Not a roll in the hay, no matter how good.

He shrugged, glancing up at the sky. "We'll see. Looks like rain."

"Right," she said quietly. "Rain." There wasn't a cloud in the sky.

CHAPTER 10

On Monday, it didn't rain and Zack didn't call. Annie went to work and she guessed he went to wherever he went to on Monday mornings. He probably had a stylish office but she didn't know where and she didn't know what he did there. Most likely he made millions of dollars with one phone call. It sounded so cool that she decided that was definitely what he did on Monday mornings.

She, on the other hand, spilled her first cup of coffee over her keyboard, bumped into Lenny in the hallway and mumbled through the obligatory "How was your weekend" conversation with him. He made a comment about how terrible she looked and she decided it was best to sit and hide at her desk for the rest of the day. It would be safer and she was less likely to kill someone.

She cursed the raging hormones that had kept her up all night and made the day even worse than every other Monday. Ever.

"Have a rough weekend, Annie?" Bob asked. She hadn't even noticed him approach her desk and she began to wonder if she'd actually fallen asleep sitting up.

"Something like that," she muttered. Zack's friend and her boss was the last person she wanted to have a chat with.

But Bob, holding a box of doughnuts covered in pink icing, pushed the papers on her desk to the side and sat on the cleared space, barely large enough for his behind. He placed the box beside him and crossed his arms, resting them on a stomach that strained the buttons on his extra large shirt. Annie kept one eye on the buttons in case they popped off and flew at her eye.

"What's up, Bob?"

He shrugged. "Nothing much, just wanted to see how it went with Zack over the weekend."

"Fine."

"You two hit it off?"

"More or less."

He shook his head. "You argued with him didn't you?"

She threw up her hands. "Why are you blaming me? Maybe he drove me to it." She cocked an eyebrow. "What has he said anyway?"

"Nothing, I haven't spoken to him yet. I noticed you were in a bad mood and I figured it didn't go well." He sighed. "Pity. I half expected you two to get along. Either that or you'd kill each other."

"I'm still alive," she muttered.

"Barely. You should look at yourself." He patted her shoulder and stood. The desk groaned in relief. "Don't worry. We'll just wing it when Dug-E arrives. We'll get by somehow."

Annie translated that as 'We don't have a hope in hell without Zack.' He was right. She had the clothes and a few riding skills under her belt, but she didn't have the attitude. Or a bike. Or the social contacts.

"Bob," she called after him. He returned, his feet moving quickly for a man past his prime with an unhealthy fondness for doughnuts. "Can you tell me one thing?"

"Shoot."

"Is Zack as...bad as his reputation suggests?"

His eyes narrowed. "Why do you want to know? What did he say?"

She shrugged, trying to appear as if she didn't really care. She was an atrocious actor. "Nothing. I'm just getting mixed signals. One minute he seems so laid back and devil-may-care and the next he's tense and mysterious."

"He's not as bad as the tabloids make him out to be. He hates the public attention and I guess that can make him seem stand-offish. Get him on his ranch and he's a different man."

Zack had a ranch? How had this piece of information slipped her research? And why had he never mentioned it? Maybe he didn't want her to know.

"Um, Annie," Bob said, "we really need Dug-E. Maybe you should give Zack a call... He patted her arm and left.

Great. Way to make her feel guilty.

The rest of the day went by slower than a snail on valium. At five to five, Annie couldn't stand it anymore and called Zack. She figured breaking the kiss off was her fault. The slap afterward was definitely deserved, but he could have said what he'd said to get back at her for the interrupted kiss. So it was up to her to make the first move at reconciliation.

She rang his home number and left a message on his answering machine. She left a message on his cell phone too and would have called his office number if she had it. Probably just as well he hadn't given it to her-she didn't want to speak to a secretary and start any rumors. He'd hate people to think he was seeing someone like her. He might even refuse to see her. And that was the last thing she wanted right now. Bob needed her and Zack to work things out. She'd heard the desperation in his voice.

***

Zack listened to the messages on his phone and chewed his lip. He was relieved Annie had called him although her apology for slapping him made him feel guilty. She had nothing to apologize for. It had been his fault. The kiss and the subsequent explanation were uncalled for. He'd felt like a cad and wanted to call her, but he wasn't sure if that was wise. Maybe they should just let it go, never see each other again.

All that flew out the window at the sound of her voice. Bob's call just added to his resolution to call Annie back.

"What did you do to Annie?" Bob said.

"Nothing. Well, okay, something, but I'll fix it."

"You'd better, DiMarco, because I've never seen her like this."

Oh hell, he'd rubbed Bob the wrong way and hurt Annie's feelings. "Maybe it's best I don't see her for a while." He said it partly to test the waters and partly because he felt it was the right thing to do.

"Crap. It's not the best thing. You better see her, and soon." Bob hung up, leaving Zack confused. What should he say to her? How could he make it up to her?

They needed to put the previous night out of their minds. The best way to do that was to go out, away from the privacy of home, but somewhere where they would be left alone...

He knew the perfect place. But knowing Annie, she wouldn't have anything appropriate to wear and he didn't want her to use that as an excuse.

***

At five, Annie left the office. She'd had enough of the day. If Zack didn't call, she'd curl up with a good book and forget about him. Forever. But a good dose of misery was boring without chocolate fudge ice cream so she stopped on the way home and purchased a tub. She also bought two Snickers bars and some Cheetos. No point doing things by halves.

When she got home, the red light on her answering machine flashed wildly. She pressed the button and listened as she put her groceries away.

"It's me," said Zack's sultry voice. "Call me when you get in."

The next message was also from him. "Bob said you left the office half an hour ago so either you've changed your mind about talking to me and you're listening to this right now, or you've stopped on the way home from work. I'm going with that option because my ego's too fragile today to cope with the other one. How about dinner?"

The machine beeped for the third message. "I'm on my way," Zack said. "If you're there and you've chickened out, don't even think about leaving or I'll just visit you tomorrow at work and embarrass the hell out of you. Besides, I've got something I want to show you."

Oh boy. She suddenly felt weak at the knees and had to sit lean against her kitchen bench to steady herself. Zack wanted to see her. Why? Probably he wanted to get revenge for last night. If she had any sense she'd leave the house right now, but she was sorely lacking in the sense department lately. Besides, she'd made the first move by leaving messages on his phone and now she had to face the consequences.

She thought about all the things she could possibly say to him. 'Sorry' sounded lame but it was all she came up with in the end.

She flipped open the lid on the ice cream tub. Situations like this called for serious thinking and she could only think if she was calm. Ice cream had that effect on her, especially the chocolate kind.

When the doorbell rang, she jumped, knocking the ice cream tub off the bench. Chocolate fudge splattered on the floor. She returned the tub to the bench but left the ice cream that had fallen out for Snoopy to lick up.

She opened the door. Oh boy. Zack wore a tuxedo. He looked hot enough to melt any woman's defenses and Annie could feel hers pooling in the pit of her stomach. His hair was combed back into sleek waves and his chin was hairless, quite an achievement considering he seemed to have a permanent five o'clock shadow.

"Wow," she breathed, then bit her lip because she hadn't meant to say it out loud.

He lifted both eyebrows. "Do I pass your inspection?"

She nodded. "But you're going to look a little over dressed next to me. I haven't exactly got anything that meets those standards."

He held up a bag which she hadn't noticed him carrying. "Don't worry. I bought you something."

"Zack, you shouldn't have."

"Well, I can't go around with a shabby looking woman on my arm, can I?"

"Shabby! I might look ordinary, but shabby's taking it a bit far."

He grinned and chucked her under the chin. "Teasing you is like taking candy from a baby." He pushed past her and held out the bag. "Try it on."

"What if it doesn't fit?"

He held out his hands and shrugged his shoulders in a gesture typical of his Italian heritage. "I spent an entire day shopping with you, I think I know your size."

She still didn't move so he took her by the shoulders and steered her toward the bedroom door. "Promise I won't walk in on you naked." He handed her the bag, gently shoved her through and closed the door before she could protest.

But that wasn't going to stop her. She opened the door and poked her head round. "This could take a while. I have to put makeup on and do something with this hair."

"I know. The booking's for eight. Snoopy will keep me company until you're ready."

"I doubt it. He's in the kitchen licking my floor clean of chocolate fudge. He's in doggy Heaven."

Zack put one arm against the door frame and leaned towards her. He smelled edible. He looked cheeky. "So that's why you were late? Stopped off for ice cream, eh? That a comfort thing?"

Annie had the great satisfaction of slamming the door in his smiling face.

***

Zack felt like a teenager as he waited for Annie to finish dressing. He paced the cleanly licked floor of her small kitchen, then stopped mid-stride as Snoopy cocked his head to one side and looked up at him.

"You're right. I'm behaving like an idiot." He helped himself to the tub of ice cream. "This isn't a date. It's two friends having a nice dinner."

Half an hour later, he'd flipped on the TV but not even sport could soothe his anxiety. Last night had been an embarrassment, a blow to his ego. He thought he'd ruined everything with his smartass comment about the kiss being part of her training. He regretted saying it and he wanted to make it up to her. But he'd been worried all day about how she'd react. It had been an enormous relief to hear her voice on his answering machine that afternoon. Now all he had to do was explain why he'd kissed her in the first place. That wouldn't be easy.

Finally, the bedroom door opened and Annie made her entrance. Zack released his breath and stood.

Her strapless black dress, flecked with gold, shimmered in the waning light. It hugged her petite frame, enhancing the nip of her tiny waist and the gentle roundness of her hips. Her br**sts swelled over the top of the dress and he wished he could place his lips on the exposed flesh. She wore her hair up with sexy tendrils falling from her temples down her cheeks. Her makeup was subtle yet perfect for her naturally pretty features.

She was, by far, the most stunning woman he'd ever seen.

"You look incredible," he said quietly, his voice sounding unnatural to his ears.

"Thanks to the dress," she said in that self-deprecating way of hers. Why did she do that? What made her think she wasn't good enough?

"No. The dress is just a piece of material. But you..." He took her jacket and placed it around her shoulders. He caught a whiff of her perfume and had to hold himself back from burying his face in the hollow of her throat.

"Ready?" His voice caught. He coughed to hide it, but she'd noticed.

A small smile crept across her lips and he was damned if he didn't feel himself blushing. He must be, because her intense blue eyes sparkled with laughter.

"The bike's parked outside," he said.

The sparkle disappeared. "The bike! You don't expect me to-"

He grinned. "No, I've brought the Aston Martin."

"I didn't know you owned a Aston Martin."

"There's a lot of things you don't know about me."

"I'm beginning to realize that."

Annie told Snoopy not to wait up then closed the door behind them. Zack opened the car door for her then got into the driver's seat.

"So where are we going?" she asked.

"Jacques. It's a nice little restaurant-"

"I know where it is."

"You've been there?"

"Not recently." Like never. She couldn't even afford the hors d'oeuvres. "So what's the big occasion? Is this part of the curriculum?"

He shrugged. "Sort of. Our kiss last night got me thinking. I suppose it was part of your training. All eighteen-year-old guys love it when an older woman comes onto them."

"But I don't want to come onto him! He's a kid and he's annoying." And she didn't like Zack encouraging her to kiss other men...er, boys. Besides, there'd been more to that kiss than he'd let on. She was sure of it.

"Don't do anything with him, Annie! He's a kid. Just flirt with him a little, nothing more than that."

She shook her head to clear it. "I'm confused. What's this got to do with going to dinner tonight?"

"You need to learn to flirt."

"But why a classy place? Why not a bar or a fast food restaurant?"

"We have to eat, so why not eat somewhere nice? Men are the same no matter where you go. Anyway," he flashed a smile, "I wanted to see you in that dress."

His words warmed her. His reaction to her entrance had been extremely satisfying and worth the pain of the hairpins digging into her scalp.

Jacques restaurant had a perfect view of the sunset over the water. It was a favorite haunt of Hollywood producers and actors with recent box office success and the occasional wealthy industrialist or investor. Annie wasn't exactly sure which of these last categories Zack fit into, or if he did at all, but he seemed at home in the understated style of the restaurant. Even the snooty waiters smiled and greeted him by name.

"Your usual table, Mr. DiMarco?" asked a young waiter who obviously hadn't learned the art of waiting in exclusive restaurants because his smile seemed genuine. They were led to a table by the window with a spectacular view.

The waiter held Annie's seat out for her then discretely disappeared.

"Seems you come here often," she said, studying the menu that had no prices.

"Don't get excited about the table. Everyone in LA has their own table at one restaurant or another."

"But what if someone had been sitting here?"

He hadn't bothered picking up the menu. "Jacques charge a fortune so they can afford to have a favorite table free on any night. It's the way the system works."

She made a clicking sound with her tongue. "So cynical. Especially for someone who thrives on this."

"Thrives?" He leaned forward and studied her. "What gave you that impression?"

"The fact that the waiters know you. The fact that you're always attending one function or another." The fact that he dated publicity-seeking starlets.

He frowned and his eyelids lowered, glaring. "I attend only the things that are necessary for a man in my position. A few charity functions, the occasional movie premier to keep in touch with some people. Nothing outrageous." His eyes narrowed and she picked up vibrations of annoyance from his side of the table. "Let's get one thing straight, Annie. I don't like the limelight. And I hate being pigeon-holed even more."

Oh-kay.

CHAPTER 11

Annie nodded quickly and studied the ocean. Night had descended while she wasn't looking, but she could still make out bobbing boats on the water and the occasional seagull searching for scraps. It seemed like a totally different world compared to the cool air-conditioned environment of the restaurant.

She turned back to Zack. His eyes smoldered. Maybe they needed to discuss something safer.

"What is it you actually do, Zack?"

"I'm an investor."

"What do you invest in?"

"Whatever I think is going to make money. New companies, poorly managed companies with potential, sometimes movies if a good one comes my way." He chuckled, his recent simmering anger now dispersed. "I thought you knew. The curiosity must have nearly killed you."

"Nearly."

The waiter brought a bottle of wine, which was amazing because Annie didn't remember ordering any. He poured a small amount in Zack's glass, waited while he did the ritual tasting and nodding thing, then filled both glasses to a fashionably low level before leaving.

"So you're thirty-four, handsome and rich," Annie said, pretending to study her wine. She was going out on a limb but she wanted to see his reaction. To hell with being safe. "Why aren't you married?"

He leaned forward and rested his elbows on the table. When she glanced up, he was watching her, grinning in that unnerving way that implied he was going to toy with her. "I'm not answering unless you answer my question. Why did Bob give you a job as an agent?"

Hey, no fair. She'd asked first. "Because I'm good."

He leaned back. "No offence, Annie, but you're not. You don't go to parties, you don't know many people in the business and you hate shmoozing with the ones you do."

She choked down her rising temper, not wanting to make a scene in a place like Jacques-although it would be quite satisfying to embarrass Zack in front of his peers.

"Sorry," he said quickly, hands up in defence, "but it's the truth. Now, are you going to answer my question? Why did Bob give you a job?"

She shrugged and picked up the menu again, temper swallowed along with a mouthful of wine.

"Just as I thought," he said with a know-all tone. "Then I can't answer yours."

"Fine," she said. "I don't care anyway."

He muttered something under his breath which she couldn't hear and probably wasn't meant to.

"I think I'll have the quail for starters," she said mildly.

He grunted then made a gesture and their waiter miraculously appeared. They placed their orders.

"Guess you want to change the subject then," Zack said to her.

She shrugged but didn't answer. Damn it, she hated the way his eyes sparkled like a naughty child's when he teased her. He had such an unnerving way of seeing right through her defenses then going in for the kill. Being teased by Zack was like being tickled-funny for the tickler but incredibly annoying for the victim.

Zack sipped the wine but didn't taste it. He had to concentrate on not letting his guard down in front of Annie again. He didn't want any more disasters like the previous night ruining their companionship.

"Okay, lets get back to our safe topic. We came here to learn flirting techniques. Show me what you've got."

She blinked those wide, beautiful eyes at him. "Now? Who with?"

He held out his arms. "Me."

"You? I thought we came here to try it on strangers?"

"After you graduate. Grade schoolers need to start with something easy."

"But I can't flirt with you!"

Oh hell. Were his feelings that obvious? "Why not?"

"Because, well, because you're you."

"Is that a good thing or bad thing?"

"You can take it anyway you want. I can't flirt with you."

He blew out a breath. Damn. It could have been fun. "Okay then." He scanned the room. "Flirt with the waiter."

"The waiter?"

"Yeah. He likes you."

She studied the young man who'd taken their orders. "How do you know?"

"He couldn't keep his eyes off your ass when we walked in."

"Oh." She straightened and cleared her throat as the waiter approached with their entrees. "This is embarrassing."

"You think everything's embarrassing."

"That's because I can't do anything without putting my foot in my mouth. And I'm not used to...this."

"Just relax. Don't worry about being embarrassed."

"Easy for you to say."

"Not exactly. I have to sit with you. Guilt by association."

She frowned at him then turned her attention to the young waiter. He was cute, probably about twenty and he smiled at her as he approached which confirmed her earlier suspicion that he'd never waited tables in an exclusive restaurant before. He was probably a wannabe actor who suspected she or Zack were producers and could give him a ticket to stardom.

He set the plates down in front of them and politely told them to enjoy their meal. Annie, aware that Zack was watching her, thanked him.

She plastered on her brightest smile. "Before you go, please tell me your name."

"Peter. Is there anything else?"

Uh-oh, he was going to leave. Quick, Annie, think of something flirtatious.

"I like what you're wearing."

Peter glanced down at his black trousers, white shirt, black tie and jacket, then back at Annie. "It's a uniform."

"Oh." Not a good start. "Well, you, um, wear it well."

He smiled, looking pleased. "Thanks." Peter switched his gaze to Zack. His smile vanished. When Annie glanced across at Zack his face was expressionless but she had a sneaking suspicion he'd just been scowling. Peter did a short bow as if he'd just ended a performance and stepped away. Damn, she was about to lose her opportunity to show Zack that she was a pretty good flirt when she wanted to be. She had to think quickly.

"Do you come here often?" She did a mental head-slap. Dumbass.

The waiter, coloring, left to the sound of Annie's groaning and Zack's chuckling.

"Good going," Zack said, still grinning. "Now the poor guy thinks you're making fun of him."

"No, he thinks you're making fun of him." She lowered her head and picked at the quail to hide her heating face.

Zack cursed himself for suggesting the flirting. Maybe he should've thought it through first. The truth was, it was just an excuse to get Annie to go out with him, in that dress.

Lucky for him she was an atrocious flirt. Cute, yes, and men responded to her when she was being herself, but when the pressure was on, she failed miserably.

Not so lucky for the young waiter. He must be thinking he'd got a couple of LA nut cases at table twenty-two. Zack really hadn't meant to scare him, just discourage him. But he'd lost it when Annie got a smile out of Peter. Zack knew he had to nip the conversation in the bud, before it took a direction he hadn't anticipated and didn't like.

His discouraging glare must have worked because a different waiter collected their plates and delivered their main course. He was an arrogant, forty-something man with a poor imitation of a French accent. He didn't smile at them and Annie didn't try flirting with him. Thankfully.

"Dance?" Zack asked as the music softened and a few couples waltzed onto the floor.

She hesitated before nodding. "I'm not a very good dancer."

"Just follow my lead."

He held out his hand and Annie placed her fingers in his like she'd seen them do in the movies. He twirled her onto the floor and deftly caught her in his arms.

"Show off," she muttered but smiled anyway.

"Just letting everyone see the beautiful woman I get to dance with."

She blushed.

Zack was an excellent dancer. They glided across the floor. She felt like a princess in a fairytale. During a slower song, his hand caressed her back and he pulled her close. She could feel every muscle rippling in his body as they moved to the rhythm of the music.

"You know," he said, "you really aren't a very good flirt, are you?"

"You sound surprised. I thought I'd made that obvious from day one when all we did was argue."

He smiled. "We weren't arguing, we were disagreeing. Besides, I thought that was your way of flirting. I guess not all guys fall for that don't-mess-with-me attitude. I'm just a sucker for punishment."

Annie sucked in a breath and dared not look at his face. Did he just say, in a round-about way, that he liked her? From the beginning?

Or did she just get the wrong message entirely?

That must be it. No way would he like her. Want her, yes, to add to his tally, but not like her. Not enough to have a proper relationship with her anyway.

"Poor Peter," he continued. "I think you scared him into quitting."

"Very funny. He hasn't quit, I saw him before. He just swapped tables with the crabby old waiter. And I don't think I was the one who scared him off."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Oh, nothing," she said lightly, "but I saw that look you gave him."

Zack's grip on her waist tightened and he humphed but said nothing. She smiled to herself. Nothing like a little white lie to bring out the truth. The smile slipped and she breathed out a long breath. This was getting intense. And scary.

"Do you want dessert?" he asked, breaking into her thoughts.

"Of course I want dessert. It's the best part of any meal. Besides, I haven't got any ice cream at my place after you ate it all."

He took her hand and led her back to their table. "It was Snoopy."

"Really? Did he use one paw or two to hold the spoon?"

"Very funny."

They ordered dessert and coffee and considered playing a practical joke on the waiter to get him to smile but decided it wouldn't work because his sense of humor was locked away somewhere along with his real accent.

When they finished, Zack paid using his gold credit card and Annie bit her lip. She should offer to pay her half but she'd have to stop eating for a month to afford it.

"My treat," he said, signing. How did he read her mind like that? It was unnerving. He stood and helped her out of her seat. The waiter produced their jackets from thin air and Zack placed Annie's around her shoulders. His fingers caressed the back of her neck, leaving warm tingles in their wake.

"Let's go," he said, his voice a low rumble.

Flustered from the tingles and the voice, Annie stumbled and would have tipped forward if he hadn't caught her.

"You haven't had too much to drink again, have you?"

"No." She sniffed. "I don't need to be drunk to make a fool of myself. I do a perfectly good job when I'm sober."

***

They drove home in record time and Annie wondered if Zack had kept to the speed limit. It wouldn't surprise her if he hadn't-speeding fit his image.

He helped her from the car when they stopped outside her building, and held her hand as they walked to the door. The gentle rubbing of his thumb across her palm sent a rush of blood to her head. Even with high heels on, he towered over her. But far from being intimidating, his size suited him. Annie felt the power behind his touch, and his self-confidence.

He strode toward her door, never taking his eyes off her, even to see where he was going. The two dark orbs burned fiercely, their intensity warming her entire body. She sensed the connection between them, but it wasn't enough. She wanted more, more of him, and every nerve ending tingled in anticipation.

She fumbled with the key in the lock and managed to get the door open despite her shaking limbs. Zack hesitated just inside the door, as if deciding whether to take her to the bedroom or straight to the sofa. Apparently both were too far. He gently pushed her back against the wall where they stood.

"Annie," he said, voice rusty, "I'm sorry."

He brushed a knuckle down her cheek and her stomach fluttered. Muscles clenched in places that had lain dormant for too long.

"What for?" she asked in a thin voice.

"I can't help this." He kissed her lightly on the lips, then again, lingering and tasting and breathing hard. He pulled away. "You just do this to me..."

But before she could ask what she did, his mouth had descended again and cut off all words and all thoughts except one-she needed the kiss to continue or she'd die. No way was she going to stop him this time. She couldn't even if she wanted to.

If his caresses made her skin tingle, his kiss made it burn. She reached up and curled her fingers in his hair, relishing the way it slid through her grip like a waterfall. Then she noticed nothing, except his delicious lips and tongue, and the way he turned her body to mush.

Zack's hand slipped around to her back and unzipped her dress. His movements had quickened, becoming urgent along with his fierce, deep kisses. The fingers that traveled down her spine felt warm and firm as he pressed her to him. His desire-rubbing hard and long against her stomach-was unmistakable.

Then all of a sudden, as if he'd finally lost all self-control, Zack tore the dress off and leaned down to take her nipple into his mouth.

The ruined dress slithered to her ankles and Annie cringed at the amount of money he'd just wasted, then all thoughts disappeared as his fingers delved into her panties. Slowly, slowly, sensations rippled from her thighs to her br**sts to the roots of her hair as Zack's mouth and fingers worked together as a tandem team and heated her body to boiling point.

"Oh, my..."

She shuddered, twice, and her body exploded into millions of fragments. She might have screamed. She might have called his name. She definitely saw stars.

Zack picked up her limp body and carried her to the bedroom. He lay her gently on the bed and stood back. His breathing was hard and erratic, and his eyes gleamed as they traveled the length of her body. It was time to put him out of his misery.

She knelt on the bed. "You've already seen me naked," she said. "I think it's time I saw you." Who said that? It couldn't have been her. She'd never been so brave, or wanton, in her life before.

She started to unbutton his shirt, but progress was too slow so she ripped it apart. Buttons popped off and showered them. She unzipped his trousers and reached inside. Zack groaned and closed his eyes. She widened hers and let go. He was very well endowed.

She pulled his trousers and his shorts down and he sprang free.

"Oh, my..."

But he hadn't heard her, or if he did, he showed no response except to push her gently back on the bed and kiss her hard on the lips. He leaned on one arm, spread himself alongside her and caressed her thigh. Her skin vibrated beneath his touch. She'd die if he didn't enter her soon.

"Now," she breathed, but he sat up and fumbled in the pocket of his trousers.

"Condom," he said through ragged breaths.

He tore open the packet and she watched as he stretched the condom over his length. His very long length. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea. She was badly out of practice and she wasn't sure her body was built for a man like Zack.

"Um, maybe we should take this slow..."

His response was to do something amazing with his tongue on her inner thigh, and she closed her eyes. She felt him move above her. Okay, it might fit if she sort of moved to the left a little...

Zack dipped inside her.

"Oh!"

He slipped all the way in. Okay, so he fit perfectly. Who'd have guessed?

That was her last coherent thought as she rose to meet him. He set a slow, steady rhythm that drove her wild. She wanted more. Needed it. She picked up the pace and he groaned deep in his chest. His fingers brought her close to the edge and then he sucked her nipple. Oh my! His body shuddered above her and his primal growl echoed through her apartment. It was enough to send her plunging down with him into an abyss of bliss.

Spent, he lay half on top of her, half beside her, his hand cupping her left breast. His eyes closed and his breathing deepened. He was asleep. Or so she thought.

She smiled to herself and snuggled into his warm body.

But he moved away and sat up.

"I have to go." He picked up his shirt. "I've got a long day tomorrow."

"You're leaving?" She couldn't believe it. Had she done something wrong? "Stay. I'm up for round two if you are." She touched his arm and he leaned down and kissed her forehead.

"I have to go."

She watched him dress, understanding dawning. She'd been right all along-he'd got what he wanted, now he was leaving before it became too serious. Sex. That's all this had been to him. Another notch on his belt. An experiment to see if he could bed the good girl.

He kissed her goodbye and straightened. But just as he turned to leave, he sighed deeply and leaned over her again. He caught her face between his hands and caressed her cheeks.

"Annie, Baby, don't look at me like that. I can't stay. We shouldn't have..."

"Fine. Go." She swatted his hands away.

"Annie-"

"Just go."

He sighed. "I'm sorry. I'll call you."

She shrugged, trying to appear unconcerned when her heart felt like it had shattered. Their love making had been beautiful, amazing, and she'd thought that it had meant more to him than just sex. It had to her. But now that it was over he just wanted to get out before he got sucked into something he didn't want-a relationship.

She wasn't surprised, just disappointed. She'd really hoped he might be interested in her, want her in his life.

She should've known better.

He kissed her again but she didn't respond.

"You don't have to stay," she said through gritted teeth. "It's not like this meant anything."

Zack's face turned to ash. He nodded slowly. "Yeah. Right." Without a second glance, he left.

CHAPTER 12

Zack drove home on auto-pilot. The evening had gone from perfect to amazing to disastrous. And he only had himself to blame. He didn't want to leave Annie's place but he had to. He would hurt her feelings if he stayed-more than he would by leaving. Staying would only give her the wrong impression and he didn't want to do that-he wasn't after a relationship so no point letting her think he was, even for one second. Cruel to be kind.

Damn it, if only he'd kept his libido in check nothing would've changed between them. They'd still be friends. On the other hand, he wouldn't swap tonight for a thousand fast cars.

He thumped the steering wheel with his fist as he arrived home. For the first time since he'd bought it, he dreaded the mansion's emptiness.

He thought about Annie, alone in her apartment. He wondered if she would still hate him in the morning. He hoped not. He really could use a good friend like her in his life. Maybe she'd be fine when she thought it through and remembered that it could never work between them. She'd said it herself-he wasn't her type. Maybe she'd be lying in bed now, relieved that he'd left so she didn't have to kick him out or tell him she wasn't interested in dating a guy like him.

Maybe.

For the first time in a long time he stopped at the photo of his family on the mantelpiece, taken twenty years ago. Everyone smiled back at the camera. His parents had their arms around each other. It was the perfect shot of a not so perfect family. He turned the photo face down. He didn't want to be reminded of how their happiness had turned sour. Not now. Not when he could still taste Annie on his lips and feel her breath on his skin.

***

Zack woke up the next morning feeling flat. He forced himself to go to work, but he couldn't concentrate. The figures on the financial statements blurred and he tossed them aside. Phone calls took his attention off Annie and her very delicious body for a while although he often couldn't recall the details of the conversations. Did he buy one thousand shares or ten thousand?

He glanced around his office, furnished in a modernist style by his personal assistant. Sleek glass and polished wood surfaces, tall bookcases and a long desk. Boring. He just didn't like it anymore, didn't want to be there.

He wouldn't allow himself to think about where he wanted to be at that moment.

By lunch time, he'd decided he needed to do something, get out of the office. But go where? Maybe a bike ride...

As he undid his tie and top button of his shirt, Bob called.

"Zack, I need you. McCallum and Horton need you. Dug-E's slipping through our fingers and I've crunched some numbers. If we don't sign him..." Bob let the sentence dangle.

Zack didn't need it spelled out. "You want me to do something with Annie?"

"Yeah. Something drastic."

"Are you sure this Dug-E kid won't sign with you if she was being herself? Because I don't see anything wrong with the way she is." Nothing wrong at all.

"Me either but this kid hates people who conform. He needs excitement." Bob sighed. "Please, Zack, I'm begging you. Take Annie out, make an impact. Do something."

Zack closed his eyes. He knew what he wanted to do but he couldn't do it. Not with Annie. But he would have to see her again. For Bob.

"Sure." The newspaper sitting on the corner of his desk warned of traffic delays due to an animal rights protest. It might do the trick.

"Great idea," Bob said when he told him. "Come pick her up later." He sounded happier already.

Zack on the other hand, wasn't so sure seeing Annie so soon after the previous night was such a good idea. He'd planned on waiting until they'd cooled down, met other people.

Except now that the decision had been taken away from him, he felt okay. Bob needed him. He would see Annie for Bob's sake.

***

Creep. Pool scum Spawn of pool scum.

Annie wished she'd actually said these things to Zack's face, but she had to settle for email. Unfortunately she didn't know his address so she deleted the message without sending it. At least she'd got it off her chest.

Thankfully, her busy morning consisted of fending calls and reading mail from clients and venue managers and she didn't think about Zack more than fifty times. Maybe sixty, but definitely no more than that.

Eventually she grew tired of inventing new insults although son of a toe-sucking alien had been a good one. Besides, part of her knew he was right.

Everything about the Zack and Annie picture was wrong. She was almost a foot shorter than him for starters. But he was a billionaire playboy and she was a goody-two-shoes turned crappy agent. So he'd pointed out.

When she'd finally admitted that to herself, she felt strangely lighter. Although it had hurt at the time, Zack had been right-she sucked at being a music agent. Not completely sucked-she was good at organizing, good at setting up gigs, but she hated the schmoozing part. Pity that was the most essential part of her job.

Her father had been an expert at it. He'd loved the LA lifestyle. After her mother had died, when Annie was only seven, her father turned everything up a notch. His parties got wilder, his drinking more excessive, his attitude more devil-may-care. And the further he descended into decadence, the further Annie went the other way. She'd had to. Someone had to pour him into bed at four A.M. Someone had to clean up after the party goers left. Someone had to make sure the bills got paid on time.

Despite hating his lifestyle, she'd loved him. Maybe more than ever. He needed her, and it had felt nice to be needed. And he'd certainly loved her. Showering her with gifts, taking her everywhere with him all over the country, and showing her off to everyone. But she'd hated that part. He'd never seen how much though, encouraging her to go out, have fun, loosen up. She'd wanted to stay indoors and read a book but he'd wanted to take her to the pool party thrown by his rock star client. He'd encouraged her to drink at eighteen, but she'd never liked alcohol much. She'd wanted to go to college and study journalism or maybe architecture, but he'd wanted her to follow in his footsteps and be an agent. So much so, he'd made her promise on his deathbed.

"Bob needs you," he'd said. "He can't run the agency without a McCallum."

She'd believed him, believed she was doing Bob a favor while fulfilling her father's dream.

But now, thanks to Zack's impertinent question, she realized she wasn't happy. But Bob did need her, especially now, to get Dug-E. She couldn't flake out on him.

When this was all over and Dug-E had signed on the dotted line, maybe she'd look at a career change.

In the mean time, she'd have to get Dug-E without Zack. He'd taught her the essentials-she could ride a motorbike, she had the clothes, and she could flirt if she had to. If she really, really had to.

Sure, Zack could have helped her further, but if she wanted to keep her dignity and her heart in tact, she had to do it without him. Had to. She couldn't stand being around him knowing he wasn't interested in her beyond casual sex. She shouldn't have even allowed it to go that far. They were totally wrong together. One look at his female friends told her that. So why hadn't she told him so from the start?

Before he completely shattered her fragile heart, she needed to forget about him.

"Hey, Annie," Bob shouted from his office door. "Come here a minute." Typical Bob. No charm. But that was just the way he was, and she liked him all the more for it. He was so different to her father, and yet their partnership had worked so well. If only she'd been more like her dad, she wouldn't need Zack now.

"Zack called me," he said gruffly, not looking up from the chocolate doughnut between his fingers.

Sound casual, breath deeply. "Yeah? What for?"

"He asked if you could take the afternoon off. I said it was okay."

Probably she should tell Bob it was all over with Zack, that she didn't need him anymore. "Why?"

He glanced up and she noticed the dark circles under his eyes. He looked like he hadn't slept in a week. "He's got a bright idea about taking you to a rally this afternoon."

"A rally? Like a car rally?"

"No, a protest rally. He wants to get you into the newspapers, get some rumors started about you around town. He thinks Dug-E might go for that kind of person."

She nodded and bit her lip. She should say something. She should tell him she and Zack were over. But after one look at his tired eyes, she suddenly dismissed those thoughts. Something was very, very wrong. "You okay, Bob?"

He rubbed his thumb and finger into his eyes. "Yeah. It's just been a tough few days."

"Anything wrong with Doris?"

"No, she's fine." He smiled weakly. "Don't worry. Just get Dug-E to sign this contract and everything'll be okay."

She nodded and closed the door behind her. She got as far as the empty secretarial desk outside Bob's office. She flopped into the swivel chair and nearly swiveled right off it.

She tried to steady herself and her nerves but without much success. So much for not seeing Zack again. Bob and the agency needed Dug-E to stay afloat, that much was clear. Tears stung her eyes and the beige office suddenly went blurry. Oh, hell. Bob had been her father's best friend as well as business partner. He'd given her this job out of pity and a sense of duty to the man who'd helped him start the agency over forty years ago. And now he needed her to stop his business from going under.

The weight of it all pressed down on her shoulders, and suddenly her problem with Zack seemed miniscule. As much as she wanted him, as much as it hurt knowing Zack was only interested in her for sex, she had more important things to worry about. Bob needed her and she needed Zack. She couldn't be a rebel without him. End of story. She had to shove aside any feelings she had for him and get on with business. She could definitely do that. She had to. For Bob. And her father.

***

Despite her determination to forget about the night before, when Zack picked her up that afternoon and handed her flowers, Annie's emotions were still warring. She wanted to kiss him but the urge to throw the flowers back in his face was equally overwhelming. She settled for a demure "Thanks" and put them in a vase on her desk before heading out with him.

They said nothing until they were in the Ferrari and even then, conversation was agonizingly polite.

"I take it you're still angry with me," he finally said.

"Yes. No. Okay, yes, annoyed I guess. But I'll get over it. It's no big deal."

No big deal, she repeated to convince herself.

He sighed. "Right. Good. You had me worried for a while-I thought I might be getting those flowers shoved up my nose back there."

She laughed despite herself. "Now why would I do that? And how did you know lilies are my favorite?"

"Bob told me."

Traitor. "So explain to me why we're going to a protest rally," she said, returning to their mutually safe topic of turning her into a rebel.

"Street cred. It'll get you into the papers, people will talk-especially after I mention it at Louisa's party-and you'll become an instant celebrity around town. Dug-E will hear about it and he'll think you're cool."

"Sounds ingenious but how will you get me in the papers in the first place?"

"Leave it to me."

She didn't like the way he said that. It had an ominous ring to it. "You're not going to make me do anything illegal are you?"

He laughed. "Not unless you want to. I know a couple of photographers and journalists who'll be there. I'll slip them a few dollars to take a photo of you in the crowd and to spell your name correctly. No sweat."

"But Dug-E's from out of town-do you really think he'll hear about me on the grapevine?"

"Just to be sure, we'll slide the newspaper under his hotel door and I'll get a few people to mention your name in his presence. Easy."

Yeah, easy. So why was she so nervous? Probably it had something to do with spending the entire afternoon with Mr. Cool.

Zack found a parking space close enough to City Hall that it was probably illegal. The rally had begun without them and a mass of people stood chanting and waving placards at the building.

At the office she'd changed into jeans and a T-shirt bearing the slogan Animals have rights too. Zack wore his usual black jeans and T-shirt, no slogan.

"They only had one T-shirt I suppose?" she said as he hustled her past a line of police keeping the chanting crowd under control.

"It's not my image."

"But it's mine?"

"Who knows what your image is, Babe."

Not the same as yours, that's for sure.

They moved into the thick of the crowd and quickly picked up the chant. Someone handed her a banner and she waved it with gusto over her head, managing to bump Zack in the face with it a few times. Accidentally of course.

After nearly half an hour, she'd gotten into the rhythm of the protest. It was a good cause and she was an animal lover after all. Maybe she should go to other protests-

"Oh hell!" Zack cursed. She glanced up at him, but he was looking behind them. "My car's being towed!"

Good. Served him right for driving such an arrogant car. And for sleeping with her. And for leaving right after.

"Wait here until I get this sorted out." He raced away and was quickly swallowed by the crowd.

But fifteen minutes went by and he hadn't returned. The protesters were getting edgy. The mayor hadn't appeared on the steps of City Hall as promised and they wanted his blood.

The leaders up the front started to storm the building, and like sheep, everyone followed, sweeping Annie along with them. The momentum forced people at the back to surge forward but for some reason the front of the pulsing crowd had already stopped. From her vantage point of five feet two inches Annie could see absolutely nothing. And with the crowd pressing in around her, she couldn't go anywhere.

Then chaos erupted as police on horses and on foot cut swathes through the protesters ordering them to get back. Everyone more or less did as they were told and tried to back away but the people behind hadn't heard the order and continued to push forward. What ensued was something akin to an accordion and Annie got stuck in the middle.

Later, she couldn't remember if she shrieked, but she did remember being nearly trampled by feet and hooves. Flinging her arms up to protect herself she accidentally hit someone leaning over her. Next thing she knew she was hauled to her feet by the front of her T-shirt and dragged off. When she finally dared to open her eyes, she saw it was a cop, and he wasn't amused.

He cuffed her, read her the rights she knew by heart from TV shows and practically threw her in the back of a police van.

Great. Thanks to Zack, she was going to get a police record. She'd kill him when she got her hands on him.

CHAPTER 13

"Good going," said a long-haired kid dressed in the same T-shirt as Annie. "We showed 'em."

Annie had a hard time working out what she'd showed and to whom, but she accepted his congratulations with relief. At least she wasn't in the back of a van with real criminals.

They took her and the three other over zealous protesters to the police station, recorded their details and gave them all one phone call.

She used hers to call Zack. When she finished using every swear word in her vocabulary, she managed to calm down enough to tell him where she was. When she hung up, she couldn't remember if he'd said anything. Actually, she wasn't even sure if she'd got him in person or his voice mail, but it had felt damn good to let off steam.

The cop who marched her back to the cell eyed her with caution and the other protesters backed away from her a little when she rejoined them.

"Wow," said a sixty-ish woman with wild gray hair sticking out at weird angles as if she'd been playing with an electrical socket. "You've got a set of lungs on you, Girl. Way to go."

"Yeah," said the same kid who'd spoken to her in the back of the van. "You tell them pigs where it's at."

She didn't have the heart to tell him she hadn't yelled at the police. Besides, she could chalk up the episode as being good for her image. Maybe she could get one of them to talk to Zack's journalist friends.

An hour later she was let out of the cell and led into a waiting room where Zack paced like a caged lion. He looked horrible. His hair stood on end, his face was as hard as granite, and a small muscle twitched in his jaw.

But she barely had time to notice these things. He scooped her up and held her so tightly to his chest she thought she'd snap in two.

"Jeez," he breathed into her hair. "I'm sorry, Annie. I'm so sorry." He rubbed the back of her neck with his big, warm hand. With her ear pressed to his chest, she could hear his heart beating fiercely.

So he was worried about her. Maybe she should get arrested more often.

He held her until a police officer coughed discreetly and told them to move on. Zack caught her hand and led her out of the station after giving the officer a glare.

"Did they hurt you?" He inspected her face and neck then her arms. "If they did, I'll-"

"I'm fine." She headed to the Ferrari parked out front. "How did you get me out so fast?"

"I know a couple of high-ranking cops. I told them you weren't involved and they put the paperwork through straight away." He paused at the hood of the Ferrari and caught her face in his hands. "Are you sure you're okay?"

She nodded.

He let go and swore. "I shouldn't have left you. I should have known you'd end up getting into trouble." He smacked the hood of the car so hard she was surprised he didn't dent it.

"Gee, thanks." She pulled away but he caught her hand and gently reeled her back to him. He placed his arms around her shoulders and kissed the top of her head.

"I had a feeling about today." He kissed her again in the same spot but this time he lingered, then gave her another fierce hug before releasing her. "I'll take you home."

Home had a bed, a couch, and privacy. "No, that's okay, you can drop me back at the office. I'm fine."

"Yeah, but I'm a nervous wreck. I need a drink."

But instead of going home, he drove to a bar called Ed's Place.

"What are we doing here?"

"I thought I'd show you where I came from. Ed's Place was like a home to me years ago, before I made my money. I drop in sometimes to say hi." He grinned. "Thought I'd bring you here since you've now got a record. You'll fit right in."

"A record! But I thought-"

"Relax, I was joking." His eyes twinkled. "I got them to drop the charges."

Ed's Place was dark and it took several moments before her eyes adjusted. When they did, she noticed a few patrons dotted along the polished bar, nursing beers. Most looked up when they walked in. Some nodded and one or two got off their stools and shook Zack's hand or clapped him on the back.

"Been a while, DiMarco," said the burly barman when they sat at the bar. "What brings you back here today?"

"A clash with the cops."

The barman nodded as if he heard that sort of thing all the time, and produced two beers without anyone asking. Annie didn't mind. She actually felt she ought to be drinking beer after getting arrested. It just seemed right.

Zack and Annie clanked bottles and took a swig of their beers. She tried not to screw her nose up too much but a little twitch got past her. Fortunately he was too busy talking to old friends to notice.

"DiMarco, long time no see." A man came up to them and shook Zack's hand. He was in his early thirties, with a crew cut and a face that looked like it had seen too much sun. But it was a face that Annie instantly liked-all crinkles and dimples when he smiled. Which he did a lot.

Zack introduced him as Mike, an Australian he'd known for over fifteen years. Mike scanned her from head to toe, then nodded. "Nice," he said to Zack. "Too nice for a bloke like you."

"We used to be room mates," Zack explained to Annie. "Mike came to LA around the same time I did. Neither of us had any money but somehow we managed to survive in a tiny apartment in one of LA's seedier suburbs." He laughed. "It was the worst place I've ever lived in. The rats were bigger than the cats. Remember that place, Mike?"

"Remember it! I still live there."

Annie giggled. She liked him. He had a down-to-Earth attitude. Nothing fake. He definitely wasn't LA material. She couldn't imagine him dating fluffy air-heads with implants.

"So what are you doing here?" she asked.

"I've come for a drink." He gave Zack a look that said 'Is she loopy?'

"I think she means what are you doing in LA."

"Oh." Mike rolled his eyes and placed an arm around Annie's shoulders. He looked straight into her eyes without blinking. "Looking for the love of my life."

"Like I said, what are you doing here?" she said.

Mike chuckled. "I like this girl. Cynical. Smartass. Just my type." He clanked his beer glass against hers and pulled up a stool. "Definitely not yours, DiMarco."

She glanced quickly at Zack but his expression was unreadable.

"So what do you do, Sweetheart?" Mike asked, leaning closer.

"I'm an agent."

His expression changed and Annie got the answer to her question-he was an actor trying to make it in Hollywood. Just like nearly everyone else in Tinsel Town.

"Music," she added to put him at ease.

He relaxed and his dimples and crinkles returned. He drained his beer and thumped the glass on the bar. "So what's a gorgeous girl like you doing with this old loser?" He grinned and nodded at Zack.

She shrugged. "Riding motorbikes, getting arrested, that sort of thing."

He chuckled. "Sounds just like old times."

While Zack ordered another round of beers, Mike sidled closer. "Seriously, what are you doing with him?"

That was a very personal question from someone she'd just met. "What do you mean?" Annie asked innocently.

"Well, let's just say," he leaned forward conspiratorially, "that you, sweet Annie," he planted a light kiss on her cheek, "are way too good for him."

She frowned and drew away just as Zack handed the beers around. He met her frown with a dark glare.

"What are you two talking about?" he said in that gravelly voice that Annie knew meant his mood had swung to dangerous.

"Annie here said she wanted to run away with me, but I told her she should take pity on you and stay." He turned back to her, his grin wide. "He's not all that bad, Sweetheart. You just have to accept him for what he is-a womanizing commitment-phobe."

Zack's frown deepened and Annie's grin faltered. His friend knew him all too well.

She sighed theatrically, trying to ignore the lump of ice in her gut. "I have." She touched the back of her hand to her brow. "I've learned to live with it." Then she winked at Mike. "Now I make the most of it."

Mike's Adam's Apple jerked furiously like a buoy caught in the middle of the Pacific in a hundred-year storm. "Yeah? How?"

She winked again, not really knowing what to say or do next. How far could she take this flirting thing anyway before it crossed the line and became a sexual overture? Fortunately she didn't have to worry about that because Zack grabbed Mike's collar and shoved him off his stool. "I think you need to go to the bathroom," he growled.

"No I don't." Mike yelped and smiled weakly at Annie. "Maybe I had a few too many beers. Excuse me."

She smiled back, but it didn't last long. It was unfair. Zack didn't want her for himself but he didn't want anyone else to have her either.

***

Zack leaned against the porcelain sink and glared at his old friend. "What are you doing?"

"What?" Mike shrugged, palms up. "I thought you weren't interested in her."

Zack said nothing. Mike was partly right but that didn't matter-he didn't want him anywhere near Annie.

"Okay," Mike said, "I'll go. But, mate, if she's the one, then go for it."

"She's not. We're just...friends."

Mike snorted. "Well, I have to admit, she's not your usual type. That's why I thought there was something between you two. I thought maybe you were ready to settle down."

"No way. Never." Zack looked down at the grimy floor, avoiding his friend's knowing stare.

"Then let that girl go." He slapped Zack on the shoulder. "You're not being fair on her. She's a great girl-"

"I know that."

Mike shook his head. "Yeah, I can see you're really not interested in her." He opened the men's room door. "Maybe I should warn her what a-"

Zack slammed the door shut before Mike could leave. He placed one hand against the door above the Aussie's head and leaned close. "Don't say a word to her. In fact, maybe you should just leave."

Mike and Zack squared off, then Mike backed down with a casual shrug. "Since you're a good mate, I will. And I won't hold this conversation against you since you're in love and too stupid to realize it."

He left. Zack followed with a shake of his head. Love! Mike should know better. He should know that Zack didn't believe in love, not the ever lasting kind. But watching Annie, perched on her stool, beer in hand, he believed in desire.

And he desired to have Annie, very, very much.

***

Annie watched as both men resumed their seats. Mike gulped down the remainder of his beer then stood again. "I'm off."

"Already?"

"Yep, things to do, agents to suck up to, that sort of thing."

She smiled and waited for the kiss on the cheek that was de rigeur in LA. It never came. With a wave and solemn slap on Zack's shoulder, he left.

She tapped her fingers against the bar and glared at Zack. Eventually he glanced her way. "What?" he said.

"Since when do straight men go to the bathroom together?"

He shrugged. "I just wanted a quiet word with him."

"About?"

"Guy stuff."

She snorted. "You told him to stop flirting with me, didn't you?"

He shrugged again. "Mike's a great guy but he doesn't know when to let up."

"So what did he say in his defense?"

"That you encouraged him." Zack toyed with the glass cradled between his big hands and stared down at the liquid sloshing against the sides. "Annie," he said without looking up, "why did you flirt with him?"

"Practice?"

He sighed then shook his head. "Don't get me wrong, Mike's a great guy, but he's not your type."

She bristled. This coming from Zack DiMarco, the man who didn't want to have anything other than sex with her because she wasn't his type. What did he know? On the other hand, maybe he was in the perfect position to know.

"And what is my type?"

He hesitated. "Not him."

She rolled her eyes so far into the back of her head she nearly fell off the stool. She needed time to think. And since she was bursting to go the bathroom, she placed her glass on the bar and hopped off the stool.

She sat for a long time on the toilet with her head in her hands and finally came to a conclusion-she'd ask Zack to take her home. She'd got arrested and practiced her flirting-she'd accomplished enough for the day.

And she didn't want to be around Zack anymore. It was becoming way too painful.

He'd finished his beer by the time she came out of the bathroom, and unashamedly watched her approach through lowered lashes. The firm set of his mouth and penetrating gaze told her something wasn't right. When she got within reach, he grasped her wrist and tugged her gently to him. He touched her cheek with his fingers and kissed her softly but with a hot intensity that turned her stomach to mush.

When he pulled away she took a moment to catch her breath.

"I'm sorry," he whispered.

"For what?" she managed to ask.

"For wanting you."

Oh boy.

CHAPTER 14

Suddenly Annie's resolve to keep Zack at arm's length seemed juvenile. They were adults after all-two adults irresistibly attracted to one another in a purely physical way. Forget about long-term, Annie, just live for now.

For wanting you.

Those three little words sent goosebumps skipping across her skin in anticipation of what he'd do to her when they got home.

But the Ferrari wasn't heading home. At least, not her home.

Security fences hiding mansions belonging to the filthy rich slipped past her window at high speed as they roared through the streets of Beverly Hills. Finally, they pulled into a long drive hidden by trees and hedges. Electric gates closed with a clang behind the car.

Annie craned her head to catch a glimpse of his house. She'd been dying to see it ever since she'd read about it in House and Garden. Okay, if she were honest, she was more excited about being alone with Zack in his house than seeing the building and gardens. Who gave a flying fig about bricks and mortar when they got invited back to the house of a man of Zack DiMarco's caliber?

The house came into view around a bend in the drive. Surrounded by a lush garden, courtyard and pool, the sprawling Spanish style mansion made a statement. Rich. But Annie only saw fleeting glimpses of these as Zack half dragged her inside. She didn't even get to see the decor as he gently pushed her up against the wall of the foyer.

"I...can't...wait," he whispered into her ear before licking it.

That was okay with her. There was plenty of good wall and floor space right where they were. Who needed bedrooms? Especially when they could be on the other side of the massive house.

He unsnapped the fly on her jeans and ripped them down her legs. She stepped out of them as she undid his, then scratched at his T-shirt in her hurry to get her hands on that magnificent chest. He seemed just as eager to see hers as he pulled her T-shirt over her head. When he removed her bra and took her nipple into his mouth, she suddenly forgot what she was doing and let out a low, guttural groan that she didn't even recognize as coming from her throat.

The sound brought an answering response from Zack as he lifted her and entered her, powerful and hard. She wrapped her legs around his waist and greeted each of his thrusts with her own driving need to possess him. He held her easily with one hand as his other navigated down. His deft fingers played with her nub, sending shock waves crashing through her. Heads thrown back, sticky heat fusing them together, they reached the peak together then crashed to the floor.

Annie lay on top of Zack, breathing heavily. So much for not having sex with Zack anymore. That morning, she hadn't even wanted to see him again. Oh well, it was a girl's prerogative to be fickle. The need to get hot and naked with him had won out this time. So what's wrong with a little casual sex anyway? Hell, before last night she hadn't had any sort of sex in too long. She needed this. She deserved to be bad once in a while. It was her right as a citizen of a democratic society to have casual sex with a gorgeous man whenever she felt like it. To hell with commitment and relationships and love. She'd deal with those things when the time was more convenient. Right now, she just wanted to feel Zack inside her. She wanted him to sate the desire that burned her skin and turned her insides to a gooey mess.

He patted her bottom then stood, lifting her with him.

"Let's see if we can make it to the bedroom," he said, chocolate eyes caressing her body. He bent and licked a nipple.

"How far is it?" she murmured into his neck.

"Far."

"We might not make it."

"All we can do is try. We owe it to these tired old bodies to find a comfortable mattress."

"Who're you calling old?"

"Easy for you to say, you landed on top of me when we fell."

They made it as far as the kitchen bench.

Annie made a mental note to clean the bench in the morning before breakfast.

Afterward, Zack kissed her on the end of her nose as she perched on the edge of the bench. "So what do you want to do until we're ready for round three?"

She trailed her fingernails across his powerful shoulders and down his spine. "How long will that take?"

He grinned. "I should be asking you that question."

He was kidding. Wasn't he? "How about a tour of the house first?"

He hesitated, just slightly, then agreed. The tour took nearly half an hour. It was definitely a bachelor's house, with no pink, peach or peppermint colors, and not a floral in sight. It was understated style with lots of glass, wood and terracotta. She was surprised but delighted to see so many photos, mostly in black and white, decorating the walls.

She stopped at a cluster of pictures on the mantelpiece. "Why's this one turned down?" She picked it up. It was one of the few color ones. Two adults and six children in Eighties clothes sat behind an enormous birthday cake with five candles on it. "Your parents?"

He nodded. "They divorced shortly after that."

"Zack, I-"

"It was a long time ago," he said, kissing the top of her head and placing an arm around her shoulders. He steered her away from the photos and she wondered what it was about the picture that had made him turn it over. If her parents were divorced, would she want a photo of a happier time together? Probably. So why didn't Zack?

Her gaze shifted higher. "And what's happened here?" she asked pointing to an old photo. A family of eight, children standing behind the parents, stared unsmiling at the camera. The woman's face was blackened out. "Didn't you like her?"

He chuckled. "That's my great grand mother. She thought she was ugly so she inked out her face in every photograph. A shame really because I have no idea what she looked like."

"Maybe I should try that next time I have a horrible picture taken."

"So," he said when they came to the end of the tour. "You like it?"

She nodded and smiled. It was exactly how it looked in House and Garden.

"Well, I don't."

"Oh? But it's perfect."

He shrugged. "I prefer my ranch in Montana." Interesting. It was the first time he'd mentioned the ranch although she knew of its existence through Bob. She smiled to herself. She had trouble reconciling the high-flying Zack DiMarco from the gossip pages with the rancher. It just seemed so implausible. She couldn't imagine too many of his LA babes wanting to rough it on a ranch for a weekend. She stifled a giggle and said, "Why?"

"It's more...homely. This is all Hollywood glitz. You may not believe this, but it appeared in House and Garden about a piece on bachelor's homes."

"Really?"

"They liked it too, but I always felt it had no...soul."

"Hmmm. Well Montana's too far away." She curled her arms around his neck and rubbed her ni**les across his chest. "And right now my apartment's too far away too. So I guess we'll have to settle for this horrible place."

He bent his head to kiss her. "Mmmmm."

"Where was that bedroom again?"

***

Zack snuggled into the warm body next to him. Annie felt good. Great. So sensual, so amazing in bed. He blinked up at the ceiling, his brain slowly waking up.

Damn. He'd done it again. In his defence, Annie had made him sleep with her. By giving him that look, the one that smoldered and enticed, he was a goner.

But it was just sex. He had to keep reminding himself of that. Looking at the photo again of his family had driven everything home again. His father's constant tiredness, his mother trying to make ends meet, her continual harping and the loss of his father's talent, and his will to live. There'd been nothing in their lives that had brought happiness. Certainly not the six children, the arrival of each bringing the end of their father's music career, and marriage, a little closer.

Zack wouldn't live like that. Couldn't. He may not be wealthy for long if he fulfilled his dream and what woman would give up everything for him? Especially an LA woman born and bred who was used to a certain lifestyle and comforts. Annie may not have money but the city was in her blood.

No, he had to do it right this time. Had to end it before it got too far. It would be difficult, hell, but looking down at the sleeping beauty beside him, he knew he had to do it before he ruined her life.

***

"Mmmm, Zack." Annie rolled into him and that's when she realized he was sitting up.

"You awake?" he asked.

Something was wrong. She could hear it in his voice. She blinked in the dim light. "I am now. What's the matter?"

She heard him sigh and her stomach fluttered as the sense of foreboding increased.

"Look, Annie, we need to talk."

She sat up. "What about?"

He sighed again and plucked at the sheet. "I really like you. And I don't want to hurt you."

She swallowed the lump in her throat. She should've expected this. He'd already made it clear he wasn't looking for a relationship, and in the heat of the moment, she thought that was fine with her. But now, as he prepared to give her the bad news, she wasn't so sure anymore. She didn't think she could handle reading about his latest attractive conquest in the gossip pages.

She struggled to hold back hot tears. "You don't want me to get the wrong idea, but this is just sex. Isn't that right?"

"Annie." He touched her shoulder but she shrugged his hand away. Deep down, she'd hoped he might eventually come round to the idea of having something other than occasional sex. Something more. She was such an idiot.

"Baby, I don't know what to say..."

"Then don't." She got out of bed then remembered her clothes were way back in the entrance hall. "I get the picture. No need to spell it out."

"But I like you. If things were different, if I wanted to settle down, then you'd definitely be at the top of my list."

She scoffed, unable to believe what she was hearing. "I'm flattered." She stormed out of the room.

He followed. "Annie, wait."

"Call me a cab."

"No, don't go."

She rounded on him. "I'm leaving. I'm not staying here one second longer. You've made yourself clear, Zack, and I'm glad you did. You know, I thought I could do this, but I can't. I just can't."

"I understand. That's one of the things I like about you. Stay." He reached for her but she shrugged him off. "We'll talk about it."

She shook her head. "The least you can do is let me leave with my dignity." She picked up the phone in the kitchen and called a cab then found her clothes.

Zack watched her from the hall, arms crossed, eyes darkly brooding. And as beautifully naked as a Greek God. She tore her gaze away.

"I'm sorry." He stared down at his bare feet. "Can we still be friends?"

The vulnerability in his voice numbed her. She wanted to touch him, stroke his ruffled hair into place and kiss his forehead, but she couldn't. It was too intimate a gesture now.

"I'll wait outside. Good night, Zack."

He stood in the doorway as she walked quickly down the drive.

"I'll pick you up tomorrow night at eight," he called after her. She would've asked why but she didn't want to turn around so he could see her tears. He must have read her mind though because he added, "For Louisa's party."

If she decided to go.

Of course she had to go. Bob needed her to get Dug-E and being seen with the right people on Zack DiMarco's arm was like having a ticket to the moon-very rare and very expensive.

***

Zack closed the door when the lights of the cab faded away. He slumped against it and ran his hand through his hair. What a fool. If he'd just kept his mouth shut, none of this would have happened. They'd still be friends, she'd still be teasing him. He swore and thumped the door with his fist.

Although he felt awful-worse than he thought he would-he'd done the right thing. Annie was the last person he wanted to string along. She was too sweet, too vulnerable. She didn't deserve to be led to believe he wanted a relationship with her. Best she knew the truth before it went too far.

Perhaps he should've said something before tonight, but he'd wanted her so bad, he doubted nothing would have stopped them from ending up where they did. He sighed as he put the kettle on in the kitchen. He wasn't going to get any sleep tonight so he might as well enjoy a strong coffee.

Damn it. If only she wasn't the marrying kind, they could've kept on having great sex, no strings attached. Tomorrow night was going to be hell at Louisa's party, but he had to go. He needed to help out Bob. He owed him for what he'd done all those years ago.

***

The next night, Annie dressed in one of the new skirts and low-cut tops she'd bought with Zack. Too slutty. She tried on the leather pants but they only made her look like a biker, although she liked the way they hugged her butt. Maybe the hipsters. The reflection in the mirror winked with approval.

Eat your heart out Zack DiMarco.

With an electric blue top that revealed enough cle**age to make a man drool but not enough to make him drool on her, she decided she could pass for someone who knew what she was doing. She straightened her hair and applied makeup according to the instructions on a YouTube video. The first three attempts made her look like Dracula's bride but after the fourth, she got the hang of it.

She slipped on a pair of black heels, then stepped back and checked herself out in the mirror.

She looked like the sort of woman who'd attended her father's parties. The same sort that Zack dated. Well, she may hate her new look, but at least she would have made her father proud if he were alive. Not to mention pleasing Zack. She sighed, a little deflated by that thought.

The doorbell rang and her heart stopped. When it started again, it beat so fast and heavy she checked herself in the mirror to make sure it wasn't noticeable beneath her skin-tight top.

She opened the door to a very dark, very sexy Zack. His gaze took in her outfit but his guard was up and she couldn't read his thoughts. If it wasn't for the quick peck on the cheek she would have wondered if he'd noticed her at all.

So that's how he wanted to play the evening. She suddenly saw the entire night stretching out before her, and she wished she hadn't agreed to go. Getting the cold shoulder from Zack for the next few hours would severely destroy her ego, and it was already hanging by a thread.

CHAPTER 15

It definitely was not the reaction she wanted. Eyes popping out of his head would have been nice, a "wow" would be even better, and begging was definitely an acceptable response, but not this frankly-my-dear-I-don't-give-a-damn attitude.

"Ready?" he asked.

He barely even waited for an answer before stepping back to allow her past. Annie scratched Snoopy behind the ears, locked her door and placed the keys in her Fendi bag.

He'd brought the Ferrari, and before she knew it they were zipping along familiar streets. They were heading back to his place.

"I thought we were going to Louisa's."

"We are. She lives a few streets from me."

"You came all the way to pick me up when she lives near you! Why didn't you tell me? I would've driven myself."

He shrugged. "Forget about it."

She sighed and decided not to press the issue. He didn't seem in the mood for logic.

They stopped outside a well-lit mansion and a parking attendant greeted them. Zack handed him the keys to the Ferrari and without a second glance back at the expensive machine, he took Annie by the arm and led her inside.

They were greeted at the door by a waiter and a glass of champagne. Zack whisked her inside so quickly she didn't even have a chance to feel nervous or take in her surroundings. The one thing she did notice was that everything was made of white marble. They were led along the hall and through to a sparsely furnished lounge where a throng of impossibly sexy people chatted. An attractive woman approached. Annie recognized her as a well known TV actress.

"You didn't tell me this was Louisa Mondeo's party," Annie whispered to Zack before the woman reached them.

"You didn't ask." He held out both hands and Louisa caught them in pink talons. He smiled but not widely. For the first time, Annie wondered if he really enjoyed this sort of thing or whether it was all a carefully acted play.

"Zack, Daaahling." Louisa pecked him on both cheeks. "We haven't seen you out and about for sooo long. What brings you to my little soiree?"

Louisa Mondeo was exactly like the character she played in the TV soap Steamy Nights-slick. Her black hair was tied back in a tight knot, pulling the skin on her face tight in a vain attempt to make her look wrinkle-free. All it really did was stretch her lips into a permanent smile. The pink lipstick matched the pink claws, pink earrings, pink dress and shoes. Annie felt a headache coming on just looking at her.

Louisa had started to chat to Zack about her show when he interrupted her and introduced Annie as "a friend".

"How nice." She extended her claw and Annie shook it, being careful not to touch the pink talons in case they snapped off. "What did you say your name was?"

"Annie McCallum."

"She's an agent," Zack said.

"Really?" Louisa perked up and thrust her cle**age forward. Perhaps her contract was up with the network.

"Music agent," Annie clarified.

Louisa's top lip curled. "Oh. But you look so familiar." She tapped a talon on Zack's shoulder. "Have I met her before?"

"She was in today's papers. She got arrested at a protest outside City Hall."

Louisa's eyes bulged so wide Annie grew concerned the blue contacts would pop out. "Really! How interesting! Trust you to go out with a girl like that, Zack." She grinned cheekily at him and sauntered off, but not before giving Annie the once over beneath lowered lashes.

Once Louisa was swallowed up by the crowd, Annie surveyed the room. Not a good idea. There were more celebrities at the party than a PBS telethon and she suddenly realized how much of a nobody she was-and how much of a somebody Zack was.

She swallowed her anxiety, but the damn thing kept rising back to her throat trying to choke her. She took another sip of champagne and felt Zack's hand tighten around her shoulders.

"Just relax," he said quietly. "Remember, you're better than everyone here."

Yeah right. Good try, but he needed to do better than lie to get her to relax.

She glanced up at him. He was watching her. His eyes were dark and mysterious and she fought the urge to reach up and brush his cheek with her fingers. Problem was, she hadn't put any nail polish on so she kept them discreetly at her side. On second thought, she tucked her right hand in Zack's arm where it couldn't be seen.

He squeezed it and gently tugged her forward. They joined a small group of people who greeted Zack like a long lost friend and eyed Annie suspiciously.

"Ah-ha," cried the young guy beside her. "You were in the paper today."

"She hit a cop," Zack said. "Got arrested."

"No way," said a young girl, dressed in a skimpy white dress, standing too close to Zack. "Did they hurt you bad?"

"Um, not-"

"She's got a few bruises," Zack said. "Cuts, that sort of thing. Lucky she knows people in the right places or she'd still be in a cell."

"No shit," said the original speaker. He was mid-twenties with hair that needed a cut and clothes needing an iron. His attention was completely focussed on Annie. It was unnerving but she stood her ground. He was the perfect candidate to try her flirting technique on. Problem was, she really didn't want to. She felt drained, emotionally exhausted. She sighed and grabbed another champagne from a passing waiter to give her strength.

"That's so cool," he said again, inching closer. "So what do you do, Annie?"

"Agent. Music industry."

His eyebrows nearly flew off his forehead. "Really! What a coincidence, I'm a musician."

Her gaze flicked to Zack but he was brooding and she doubted she could rely on his help to extricate her.

The musician, Rick, launched into a well-rehearsed spiel-which he probably saved for just such occasions-about how he'd got started and how he was "gonna make it big". If only he had the right agent.

It took a Herculean effort for Annie not to roll her eyes. After what seemed like hours, she glanced in Zack's direction. She and Rick had somehow parted from the others-probably because every step he took toward her, she took one back-and they now stood out of ear shot. But Zack didn't notice her pleading looks. He was deep in conversation with a woman Annie recognized. Melanie, the watermelon br**sts from the bar. She bit her lip and tried not to look their way again, but her curiosity nearly killed her.

"Say," Rick said, trapping her against the buffet, "how about we go outside. It's cooler." His mouth was very close to her ear. He stank of soda pop and wacky tobacky.

What the heck. If Zack was too interested in Melanie and her watermelons to care who Annie spoke to then she might as well continue with the flirting. Not that she'd done much-Rick needed no encouragement.

He took her by the hand and led her through the lounge to the large double doors that led to a courtyard and pool beyond. As they passed Zack and Melanie, Zack caught Annie's arm.

"Where are you going?" he asked, voice rumbling somewhere in the depths of his chest. He seemed annoyed, but that could have been Annie's hopeful imagination playing tricks since he was wearing his expressionless expression.

"Outside." She sniffed. "That okay with you?"

He let go of her and turned back to Melanie who'd been appraising Annie with raised brows and a sneer on her bee-stung lips. Annie gave her a wink as if to say I know something you don't, but she wasn't sure if she got the message across. She probably just looked like she had something in her eye.

Outside, the air was warm and the smell of rain lingered deliciously close. Burning torches lit up the pool and the surrounding tropical plants gave the garden a manufactured resort atmosphere. Most guests had ventured outside into the warm night. Annie recognized many of them from TV shows or rock videos. Some of these people should be her clients. Probably she should know their names. Her father would have. He'd have made it his job to know their likes and dislikes, where they lived, what they did in their spare time and the name of their pet ferret.

"So, Annie," said Rick, leaning close, "you should come see my band play."

Her initial reaction was to lean back, but remembering her original agenda, she touched him on the sleeve. He smiled. "Sure," she murmured in what she hoped was a seductive voice. "When?"

"Tonight." He placed a hand on her shoulder and leaned close to her ear. "Afterwards, we can go somewhere quiet," he whispered. "Be alone."

Ooops. Maybe she should lay off the flirting before things got out of hand.

A tinkle of laughter floated on the breeze. She glanced up and saw Zack with his arm around a giggling Melanie. He was hugging her to his chest, her br**sts squished against him, and they were laughing at something. Probably Annie. Just then, Zack's face half turned towards her, and she thought she saw a flicker of turmoil in his eyes. But maybe she just imagined it since he was too far away for her to see his eyes and she really, really wanted him to be jealous.

But then he was laughing again, caressing Melanie's bare arm. A sick sensation squelched Annie's stomach and the desire to throw up was overwhelming. Maybe it was just the champagne.

Maybe she was jealous.

"Hey," Rick said. "You listening to me?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah, sure." She lay a hand on his chest. Two can play at this game. "Um, Rick?"

"Yeah?"

"Would you mind kissing me?"

He grinned. "Don't mind if I do." He placed a hand on either side of Annie's face and leaned close, taking his time.

She closed her eyes and waited. The sick feeling in her stomach took her mind off what she was about to do. Just as well, because she had a sneaking suspicion that if she thought too much about it, she'd back out.

But the kiss never came. Instead, the hands on her face were ripped away and so was Rick.

"Get out of here," growled a voice that made Annie's heart gallop. She opened her eyes to see Zack standing toe to toe with Rick. He was taller, bigger and more physically imposing so she didn't really blame Rick for scampering away without a second glance.

"What are you doing?" she demanded in a hushed whisper, not wanting to draw attention.

Zack rounded on her. His fists clenched and unclenched at his sides and she wouldn't have been surprised to see steam coming out of his ears. His expression was no longer unreadable. He was downright furious.

"I should ask you that question." He took a step toward her and she took one back, just like she had in the lounge with Rick.

"I was practicing. Like you taught me."

Zack felt like he was having a heart attack. The pounding in his chest had been painful when he saw that jerk touch Annie, but now it was unbearable. He put his palm against his heart in an attempt to still it, but was unsuccessful. He knew nothing would make the pain go away, not until the image of Annie with another man had disappeared.

No, not Annie with another man, Annie enjoying herself with another man.

But he could only blame himself, and that made the pain worse. Not only had he encouraged her to flirt, he'd made it clear he wasn't interested in her. He couldn't blame her at all. The Annie he'd just witnessed in action was a product of his creation. And he hated it. He wanted the old Annie back. The soft, sweet Annie with the biting attitude and sparkling eyes.

"Annie..." He didn't even recognize the sound of his own voice. It came out strangled and filled with an emotion he never knew he possessed.

Fear.

"Annie, don't do this." He took another step toward her and she took one back.

"Don't do what, Zack?" Her eyes spat sparks at him and her lips, usually so inviting, formed a grim line. "Don't flirt with anyone? Don't watch you flirting with other women?"

"I wasn't flirting-"

"No? Her br**sts were all over you."

"I didn't notice-"

"Didn't notice! Are you blind? And now you have the gall to get angry with me for doing exactly what you wanted-flirting. Well, let me tell you, I'm tired of your contrary attitude. You want everything and nothing. You want to sleep with me but you don't want the emotion that goes along with it. Then you tell me I can't spread my wings a little and flirt with other men." She threw up her hands and took another step back when he moved closer. "I thought this was what you wanted me to be. Everything I am tonight, everything I've done, is because of you. You showed me how to be this flirtatious, popular woman. Now you want me to stop." She shook her head. "You're exactly the man I thought you were when we met, Zack DiMarco, an arrogant-"

Annie, teetering on the edge of the pool, flailed her arms around like a windmill. She'd taken one step too many. Zack grabbed her around the waist but over-balanced and fell forward, forcing her into the pool ahead of him. They fell into the water with a resounding splash.

A round of applause greeted them when they surfaced. Everyone thought cooling off in the pool was a great idea and several people joined them, fully clothed.

"Are you okay?" Zack asked as he caught Annie around the waist.

She shrugged him off, swam to the side and hauled herself out of the pool. Her soaked top clung to her body, outlining her curves seductively. He followed her, wanting to hide her from the ogling eyes but was unsure how he'd be received. She'd probably slap him, going by the vibes coming off her.

He strode to her side. "Annie, where are you going?"

"Home."

"I'll drive you."

"You'd better, because I'm not waiting for a cab." Apparently the dip hadn't cooled her temper.

They stormed past an open-mouthed Louisa Mondeo and a dogged servant carrying towels and mopping up their drips. She called goodbyes after them and Zack managed to thank her politely while keeping up with Annie.

They drove to Santa Monica in tortuous silence, giving him time to think. But he didn't like the conclusions he came to.

He'd created a monster. What had happened to his sweet little Annie? The girl with a sassy attitude was still there but she was a beautiful woman now, with an undeniable animal magnetism that men couldn't ignore when she flirted with them. She'd always had it, hidden just below the surface, but he'd released it when he encouraged her to let loose, flirt a little and enjoy herself. He'd dug his own grave when he fell for her, and filled it in when he allowed other men to see what he saw-an exquisite and sensual woman with intelligence and a sense of humor.

He was the biggest fool in the world.

"Annie," he said quietly, when he pulled into a car space outside her building. "We need to talk."

She said nothing as she opened the car door. Zack reached across and pulled it shut again before she could move.

"You're not going anywhere until we sort this out," he growled.

"Sort what out, Zack? That you're an arrogant jerk? Well, I've already sorted that out."

"Stop it, Annie, and listen to me." He caught her shoulders and turned her toward him. Fire burned in her eyes and her brow creased into a deep frown. She was beyond angry. "Please," he added.

CHAPTER 16

She crossed her arms. "I'm listening."

But suddenly he couldn't find the appropriate words to say what he wanted to say. Lord, he'd give anything for a thesaurus right now. "I'm sorry," was all he could manage.

"For what?"

It was a test. But he knew the answer. "For changing you."

She stared at him, her lips slightly parted. From the horrified look on her face he got the feeling he'd said the wrong thing. He just wished he knew what was the right thing to say.

"Changing me!" She shook her head as if to clear it. "Changing me into what?"

He shrugged, swallowed and chose his words very carefully. "Bob wanted to turn you into a wild child. A woman who enjoys life and likes to have fun. I think I did my job too well. I wasn't expecting you to flirt with every man you met."

I wasn't expecting to hate watching it, he wanted to say but didn't. Her mood was too dark to reveal something so intimate. She might pounce on that admission and crush him with it. He wasn't ready for that. Watching her with another man was pain enough for one day-he couldn't cope with an outright rejection on top of that.

"You arrogant jerk! You think you can actually change me! What sort of egotistical man are you? And what sort of pathetic idiot do you think I am? Do you think I'm so weak that I'd actually be influenced permanently by anything that you've supposedly taught me over the last few days? Either you think I'm incredibly shallow or you think you have a power over me. Is that how you see me, Zack, as a blank canvas that you can just paint a personality onto? Turn me into your dream woman? What's the next step? Plastic surgery?"

He stared without blinking at her. Where the hell had that come from? And how the hell had she jumped to those conclusions?

"Now wait a minute," he managed to say before she could use the silence to continue. "I don't think that at all and you know it."

"I don't know it. In fact, I know nothing about you, Zack DiMarco. You're as much a mystery to me as you were when we first met. And that's probably a good thing because I don't think I want to know what makes the real Zack tick."

He felt the screws tightening around his heart, and her fingerprints were all over them. How could she say that after everything they'd been through in the last few days? He thought she'd known him better than any woman. He'd revealed more of himself to her than to anyone.

He swallowed, but the lump in his throat remained.

Annie opened the car door and got out.

He let her go.

***

For almost two days, Annie thought of insults she could fling at Zack's face next time she saw him. Unfortunately flea on a dog's behind was the best she could do. Not even worth e-mailing that one, if she'd known his address. She sighed and slumped forward, resting her head on her forearms. She was out of insults. At least thinking of insults had kept the tears at bay. It was easier to be angry with him than sorry for herself. And she had a lot to be sorry for. She'd thrown away the best sex she'd ever had.

Yep, she was the biggest idiot this side of the sun.

At first she'd been angry with him. Furious actually. Who did he think he was, saying that he'd changed her? It made her feel like she was his puppet, just like all the other women he dated. For a few hours at the party, she had become one of those women, the sort of women she'd helped into taxis after her father's parties. She'd become the type of person she loathed, just to please Zack, a man she had no right to want in her life.

And that annoyed her more than Zack's arrogant comment about changing her. Although that sure had fired her up.

But when she calmed down, she realized he was partially right. At least, it must seem that way from his perspective. She'd pretended to enjoy flirting with Mike at the bar, then with Rick at the party, just to get up Zack's nose. To get him back for his own flirting with Melanie Melons, but also because he'd made it clear that she was just a temporary, sexual liaison that meant nothing. She wanted to show him what he was missing out on.

When in Zack's arms, kissing him, she thought a casual fling was what she wanted too. Wrong. She wanted it all and she wanted it to be permanent. Fool. Zack DiMarco wasn't the settling down kind. He'd made that clear enough.

She sighed. It was time to move on. But this time, as herself. She wasn't going to be the woman Zack had tried to mold her into over the last few days. She wasn't comfortable with that Annie. Last night, she came to the decision to represent the McCallum and Horton Agency as herself in her meeting with Dug-E Dug. To hell with Zack, Bob and the snotty little kid. If McCallum and Horton wasn't good enough to snare him then maybe it was time Bob re-invented the company with some fresh talent. Without her. He may not like it, and her father certainly wouldn't if he were alive, but it was her life. She intended to start living it on her terms.

A polite cough drew Annie out of her thoughts. She looked up into the harried, concerned eyes of Bob.

"Feeling okay?" he asked.

"Sure," she lied. "Just twiddling my thumbs until Dug-E arrives. Have you sent someone to the airport to pick him up?"

"Yes."

"Is the conference room ready?"

"Yes."

"What about a packet of MandM's? He likes those."

"Done."

"Good." She cleared her throat. "And I should tell you, I'm not changing my appearance just because Dug-E expects to see a hip, groovy person. He's getting me, Annie McCallum, and the best service the McCallum and Horton Agency can offer." She crossed her arms for emphasis and waited for Bob to answer.

"Okay by me." He tossed the newspaper he'd been holding onto her desk. "Read this to take your mind off things before he gets here."

He strode away and Annie frowned. That wasn't the response she'd expected. She tapped her fingers on the desk. Maybe Bob was ill. Well, one thing was for sure, if she didn't get Dug-E signed up, they were probably all going to be out of work soon. She didn't mind, but Bob, Lenny and the others would have trouble finding good jobs at their age. She slouched back into her chair and scanned the headlines of the paper without really taking any of it in.

Until she got to the first page of the Business section. DiMarco sells StanCorp, the headline read. The article went on to say that Zack had sold his share of multi-media giant StanCorp for what Annie thought was an obscene amount of money. The writer could find no reason for the sellout as the company was doing well.

"Great. I lose an account before I even get it and he makes a fortune. There's no justice in this world."

The end of the article had a reference to another in the gossip section of the paper. "Typical," she snorted, turning the pages eagerly.

The gossip columnist wrote that she'd seen Zack at Louisa Mondeo's party with "McCallum and Horton agent, Annie McCallum, the hottest girl in town this summer after her recent arrest." Annie's jaw dropped when she spotted the author's name-Melanie Monsoon. A picture of the watermelon-girl herself beamed out from the top left corner of the page. The article mentioned how Melanie had learned from the man himself that he wanted to spend more time on his Montana ranch and scale down his LA-based business.

Annie read and re-read it.

When Bob passed her desk, she stopped him and waved the newspaper in his face.

"Did you read the article about Zack?" she asked.

"Yeah." He frowned. "Which reminds me, what did you do to him?"

"Huh?"

"He only sells an entire company when he's angry or upset. And since you two have been together a lot lately I wondered if it had something to do with you."

"Me? I think you're over-reacting a little. I don't have any influence over Zack's actions at all." Not even close.

Bob humphed. "That's what you think. The guy's smitten."

"Smitten?"

"He called here five times the other day looking for you." He perched himself on the edge of Annie's desk. It sunk perilously under his weight. They needed to sign up Dug-E urgently-the office furniture was in danger of collapsing if Bob ate any more doughnuts. "This article just confirms it."

"Oh," was all she could manage. Her mouth wasn't working properly. Nor was her brain. A mass of thoughts jumbled together to form an incoherent message. All she did know was that Zack told her he didn't want a relationship. There was no maybe about it-he was definite. He wasn't the settling down kind, even if he did like her more than he liked Melanie or any other women he'd dated.

A commotion in the foyer drew their attention. The double doors burst open and the receptionist poked her head through. "Dug-E's here!" she whispered so loudly the entire office heard, including Dug-E who stood behind her looking bored.

"Show time," Annie said, pushing away any thoughts of Zack.

***

The meeting wasn't a complete disaster, if Dug-E's lack of enthusiasm was anything to go by. At least he didn't rant or throw things or even call anyone names. Actually, it could even be called successful when his mother said she'd think about the McCallum and Horton offer.

Annie and Bob left the meeting with the words "Don't call us, we'll call you" ringing in their ears. It was better than an outright no.

"I have to go," Annie said after Dug-E and his mother left.

Bob followed her to her desk, a frown on his face. "I thought we could celebrate with a drink first."

"That's a little premature don't you think? He hasn't signed yet."

He grinned. It was a welcome sight, and a rare one lately. "He will. I can feel it." His smile vanished as he studied her face. "Are you going to see Zack?"

She grabbed her jacket, avoiding looking directly at him. "Never again. He's made it perfectly clear he's not interested."

"Oh." He sighed. "In that case, there's probably something you should know."

She barely heard him as she sifted through her over-sized handbag on her daily hunt for her car keys. "What?"

"I set you up."

She looked up sharply. "What do you mean?"

He shrugged. "It was one of those spur of the moment things. I'd often thought you two would be perfect for each other and when the opportunity arose I took it." He held up his hands defensively when Annie glared at him. "I'm sorry it didn't work out. I just thought you could be the one to change him. You are perfect for him, you know," he added quickly.

She chewed on her lip as she studied her boss's double chins. What the hell was going on? It seemed everyone was pulling her strings lately, like a puppet in an overly dramatic play. She felt like she'd completely lost control of her life. Who needed coincidence when you had Zack and Bob? "What do you mean, change him?"

"It's about time the boy settled down. I know that, but he doesn't, or doesn't want to admit it. That's why he never dates relationship women."

"Relationship women?"

Bob nodded. "He only dates the sort who just want to party and paint their toenails pretty colors. He avoids the sort of women he should be dating."

"Women like me?" she asked weakly.

"Exactly. You're just what he needs. I thought he might figure that out after spending some time with you." He shook his head and his jowls jangled like a turkey's. "Obviously he's a bigger fool than I thought."

"Obviously."

And obviously Bob had got it all wrong. She wasn't Zack's perfect partner or he wouldn't have tried to turn her into someone she wasn't.

***

Zack leaned back in his office chair and closed his eyes. The last two days had been hell compared to the ones before it. He felt restless, miserable, and he constantly snapped at his staff. He needed something more in his life. He needed Annie. Being with her had been fun.

No, that word didn't even begin to describe how he'd felt when they were together. Sure, they'd laughed a lot, but for some reason, just being with Annie made him feel comfortable. Comfortable and accepted. She didn't treat him like other women did, agreeing with him and accepting his decisions. She challenged him, she laughed at him and allowed him to laugh at her. She talked to him as if he were her equal, and he felt like he'd found someone on his own level. Someone he could respect. Someone who brightened his life. Someone he wanted to be with beyond this week.

Whoa. Back up. Someone he wanted to be with. Someone he wanted in his life. Forever.

Zack reached for the phone and dialed five digits then hung up. He paced behind his desk a few times then picked up the phone again. He got to the sixth before slamming it down.

"This is ridiculous." He turned to the glass wall and stared out at the sprawling city below. Somewhere to his left Annie was probably still in her meeting with Dog-E Whats-his-name. There was no point calling her yet. Maybe in another ten minutes...

He drummed his fingers on the pane of glass. Could he wait that long? Ever since he'd made up his mind to call her he'd worked on his speech. Eventually he decided to just wing it. His words would all depend on her mood anyway. Surely she wouldn't be mad at him any longer, not after two days.

He wondered if she'd thought of him at all. He'd thought of her, constantly. Not even selling StanCorp had made him feel better. Usually off-loading a company pepped up his mood, but not this time. This time it would take only one thing to lift him out of the doldrums-hearing Annie's voice. No, more than that-kissing Annie. Better yet, making love to her. Feeling her body beneath his, warm, supple and eager...

Damn. The office wasn't the most convenient place to be thinking about Annie naked. He picked up the phone again and dialed her work number, this time getting through all the digits. No answer. He dialed her cell phone. No answer. He'd have to visit her at home. Now. What he needed to say couldn't wait any longer. He'd always been the sort of person to confront his fears and it was time to tackle this one head on. Before it was too late.

If it wasn't already.

CHAPTER 17

Annie got the phone call that Dug-E had signed when she got home. Bob, unable to contain his excitement, said he was coming over with the contract for her to sign as Dug-E's representing agent.

She had enough time for a quick shower and change of clothes.

The knock came as she stepped out of the water. Wrapping a towel around her she opened the door without looking through the peephole.

"That was quick... Oh."

Zack stood in the doorway, arms flexed at his sides, feet slightly apart and face unshaved. He wore a dark suit, his tie a little off-center, and sunglasses which hid any emotions he might be feeling. But intense vibrations crossed the space between his body and hers.

"What are you doing here?"

"Bad timing?" he asked. His voice was as rough as the Rockies. "Do you want me to leave?"

"No. I was expecting someone else."

Zack didn't move but his eyes, barely visible beneath the dark glasses, roamed across her towel-clad body. It was a possessive gesture and sent a thrill through her.

"Who were you expecting?" There was a hint of a threat in his tone.

She almost smiled. He was jealous.

"Just Bob for our regular after-work tryst."

His mouth fell open and his brows rose above his sunglasses.

"Just kidding," she sang as she turned and walked back inside. "He's bringing around Dug-E's contract for me to sign."

She heard him follow her inside before he said, "So you got Dug-E? Good. I knew you would. Was it the bike that convinced him?"

"No." She swung round, ready to face him now that she'd regained her composure. Wow, he was handsome. She bit the inside of her lip and forced herself to concentrate. She was not going to end up in bed with him. "I went as myself. No motorbike, no flirting, no tight leather pants. I couldn't represent him as someone I wasn't. I'm not so bad really. And anyone who doesn't like me as I am can lump it. That goes for you too." She felt better, lighter. If only she'd said something like that to her father when he'd been alive, maybe he wouldn't have kept pressuring her to be someone she wasn't.

As if caught by a hook, slowly the corner of Zack's mouth twitched up until his lips stretched into a broad smile. He came to her and placed his hands on her shoulders. He stared into her eyes, lifted one hand and traced her cheek with his fingertip. She went weak at the knees and hot all over. It wasn't fair. She wasn't supposed to give in so easily.

"Good," he said. "I like the real Annie better. I'm sure Dug-E will too."

She nodded dumbly, his words not quite registering. She tried to think of the right words to tell him she wasn't going to sleep with him again while her insides did back flips. He really wasn't making it easy for her.

"Um, Zack, we can't-."

But she got no further. He placed a finger to her lips and kissed her forehead tenderly. "Ssh. I've got something I have to say or I'll explode. I've missed you, Baby. These last two days have been...boring."

"Boring?"

He smiled crookedly down at her. "Okay, they've been worse than boring. They've been hell."

She drew in a deep breath to still her trembling nerves, but she wasn't giving in just yet. There were things that needed sorting out before she would submit to the powerful urge to shower him with kisses.

"Good," she said carefully. "They've been hell for me too."

His grin was just like the one in the photo she'd seen of him as a little boy. Cheeky. Happy.

He bent his head and kissed her lips tenderly. It was agony. She wanted more but she resisted. She had something to say.

"Annie?"

"No more, Zack." She put her hands on his chest and pushed him lightly away. "I need to know what I am to you. I need to know what you want."

Zack swallowed. This wasn't going to plan. "I want you."

"In what way?"

Her face turned hard but he could see the vulnerability in her eyes. He knew what she wanted him to say, but Lord help him, he didn't know how to say it. He'd thought he could, he thought it'd be easy, but now that it was show time, his throat constricted and the words wouldn't form in his head.

She nodded. "I see. You've made yourself clear. I think you should go now."

"But, Annie, we had fun."

"Yeah, we did." He thought he saw her smile before she turned away. "But we want different things out of this relationship and you're not being fair if you keep stringing me along. I can't do it anymore. I'm just not like that. I know that now."

She choked back a sob. He placed a hand on her shoulder and gently tried to turn her round but she wouldn't budge and he wouldn't force her.

He heard ragged breathing and realized it was his. Oh hell, he was going to lose it. He was going to lose her. But what should he say? And how? Nothing seemed right.

She stepped away from him and he could see the tears rolling down her cheeks. She opened her door and waited. He couldn't move. He couldn't let go of the one person in his life who cared about him, Zack DiMarco, not the billionaire but the regular guy. He couldn't let the one person who made him smile walk out of his life forever.

The one person he wanted to be with. Forever.

He pushed his hands through his hair. Oh Lord, was he sure? Was his mind playing some sort of trick...?

"I think I need to sit down." But he remained standing, staring at Annie. Would this woman make him give up his ranch for the LA glitz? Would she want him to attend parties with her? No way-she definitely disliked them. Would she make him give up his most valuable possession-his freedom? Did she want the full-time commitment, the white picket fence and children?

Hell yes. And for the first time in his life, Zack realized he was ready for those things too. But only if he could have them with her.

He took a step toward her. She was perfect all right, and exactly what he needed. Wanted.

"Annie," he stood close, inhaling the scent of soap and shampoo. There were tracks on her cheeks from her tears and he touched them, wishing he hadn't caused them.

She turned her face away, but he knew what he had to do now. He touched her chin and made her look at him. Her eyes were deep pools, ready to spill at any moment.

"I'm sorry I put you through this," he whispered. "It's just I didn't know until now."

"Didn't know what?" Her voice trembled.

"That I love you, Annie." Her body stiffened as a tidal wave of relief flooded his. He'd said it-for the first time in his entire life, he'd used the L word.

But Annie just stood there, her lips slightly apart, staring up at him. His heart cracked. He'd blown it. He'd said the wrong thing. Or he'd said the right thing, but too late.

He brushed a damp lock of hair from her forehead. He wanted to kiss her there, feel her hot skin on his lips one last time, but he didn't dare.

"I thought you prefer busty blondes," she said.

God, she was beautiful-all damp curls and moist, pink skin. He barely controlled a shudder as she blinked wide-eyed up at him. "No. It was easier to date them because I'd never fall for that sort of girl."

"But you said yourself, you don't want a relationship."

He could hear the ache in her voice. He'd caused that. What a complete ass he'd been.

"I never wanted to end up like my parents," he said. Dredging up the past would open old wounds, but he needed to explain. "My Dad gave up his dreams for my mother. And because of that, he hated her. Not straight away. They were madly in love when they married. But with the jobs and the pressure of raising a large family, he lost his talent for song writing. He could have been successful. Bob made him successful after he died, but..." He shrugged, leaving the sentence hanging.

"And you don't want to end up like your father?" Annie nodded. "Me either. It seems we both have father issues."

"Yeah, well, you've come to terms with yours. Now it's my turn." He smiled weakly. "So be gentle with me, Annie. Outright rejection isn't easy on a commitment-phobe who's made up his mind to make a commitment."

Annie frowned, her eyes searching his. "So you meant what you just said? You love me?"

"Yes," he whispered.

She fell into him, pressed her body against his and suddenly the room spun out of control and Zack felt unbalanced. His grip tightened around her and he pulled her closer.

"Annie?"

She laughed into his chest. His heart did somersaults.

She pressed her fingertips to his lips and he kissed them. "I'm not like those other women. I want it all."

He grinned, relief wrapping around his aching heart. "I know. That's why I love you." It felt even more right the second time.

She kissed him. "I love you too," she murmured when they finally came up for air. "So does this mean you'll sleep with me now?"

"Every day." He grinned and bent to kiss her again, so eager to taste her lips, but she pulled away. Oh, hell, now what?

"I have a confession to make," she said.

"Unless you're going to tell me you're an alien, I don't care."

She grinned and dodged his lips. "My confession is that I wasn't really flirting with Rick the other night. I was just pretending to."

"I know."

She crossed her arms and pouted. "How?"

"Because I know you." He kissed the tip of her nose. "And you're a terrible flirt."

"Oh." She frowned. "I feel like I hardly know you at all sometimes."

"That's okay." It was now, anyway. A week wasn't long enough to know everything about one person, but it was long enough to know he was in love with Annie. "We're going to have the rest of our lives to find out everything about one another."

"As long as we spend the rest of our lives on your ranch in Montana. I think I've had enough of LA."

"Really? But you've lived here your whole life." He felt himself grinning. He'd wanted her to leave the city but he'd never force her.

"I've realized I don't quite fit the LA image. My idea of a great night is going to bed early."

He picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. "Sounds good to me."

THE END

