Chapter 1

There was that odd feeling again. Ella looked around the marble and glass lobby, wondering what could be causing such a sensation. She'd been working for six hours without a break already and her feet ached, her fingers were numb from typing in guest information and all she wanted was a sofa to kick her feet up on and a hot cup of tea.

Okay, and maybe a bowl of soup. And an ice cold glass of milk.

Mentally, she sighed but outwardly, she maintained the pasted on smile as she greeted the next guest. As one of several front desk receptionists at one of the best hotels in Washington, D.C., she knew what was expected of her. She'd worked hard to get into this position, even lying on her employment application. The minimum age was twenty-one for this position and Ella was only eighteen. But she'd had to do something. She'd moved to Washington, D.C. from New York City and her old neighborhood had become too dangerous and none of the jobs she could obtain at her age could pay her enough to escape the horror of that life.

Ella now took pride in being one of the best front desk receptionists, despite her age, and she worked hard to maintain this position. She sincerely prayed no one would discover her age. She focused on the guests in front of her, checking them in as quickly as possible, ignoring that niggling feeling that kept hitting the back of her neck. What was wrong with her today? She wasn't usually this distracted!

Looking around, she noted that the end of the line for people trying to check in was finally getting shorter. Thankfully, she counted out the people in line and calculated that she had approximately one more hour before things would slow down.

With a sigh of relief, she handed her current guests their room keys, explained all the normal details about the hotel and politely directed them to the elevators. The next guest moved forward and she pasted her normal bright smile on her face. That strange sensation returned and she looked around, distracted once again. Why couldn't she focus?

Pushing the niggling moment out of her mind, she took the new guest's credit card, checking them in as efficiently as possible. At one moment, she actually reached up to brush the back of her neck, wondering why she kept feeling that awkward, strange feeling. It was almost as if....was someone watching her?

She looked around. No one was paying any significant amount of attention to her and she shook off the odd feeling. Too many mystery novels lately, she told herself silently.

The next guest moved to her station and she smiled, going through the whole process one more time. Again and again, she checked in the guests, smiling patiently while they asked the same questions, giving out the exact same directions over and over again to the elevators or bathrooms, her fingers flying across the keyboard. She forced her mind to focus only on the next guest, ignoring that silly sensation that wouldn't go away as well as the heat and humidity that was seeping into the marble lobby as so many people walked in and out of the revolving doors. The glass doors were made to keep most of the generally miserable Washington, D.C. summer weather outside, but when the temperatures reached this level and with the height of the tourist season upon the city, the doors could only do so much.

This job might not be the most intellectually stimulating, but it paid the rent and helped her work her way through her first year of college. It also kept her out of the gangs from her old neighborhood. Joining one of the competing factions definitely hadn't been an option even though they'd tried hard to coerce her into the life.

Ella had left all of that behind and, if that neighborhood had taught her anything, it was that she could ignore unsavory characters and overcome difficult challenges. If rude people or miserable weather was the issue today, she could rise above those problems and maintain her professionalism. It didn't matter if they were selling drugs on the street corner or selling stocks on Wall Street, they all thought they could bully around someone smaller but she would not let them ruin this opportunity for her.

She was working her way through a check-in process when she once again felt something odd on the back of her shoulders. Looking around, she thought she was being silly.

And then she saw him! He was striding across the lobby floor in a crowd of other men but she could never mistake that incredibly tall, amazingly muscular man! It was him! It was Zayn! He'd disappeared ten years ago and everyone, including his best friends, Dominic and Angelo, had thought he'd either been killed or arrested. But no one had heard from him - he'd just disappeared without anyone having any information, not even the police. Ella remembered that his friends had gone a bit nuts after his disappearance so long ago, searching everywhere, interrogating everyone. And then they'd just as suddenly stopped, no explanation and they hadn't seemed concerned any longer. Ella had worried for several years about Zayn's disappearance but with no information, she hadn't been able to figure out what had happened to him.

And now he was here, looking astonishingly vital and wonderfully healthy, more fabulous than he had all those years ago. Goodness he was tall! And so very handsome! Those dark eyes and his tanned skin made him seem like some sort of piratical, romantic hero.

He'd obviously done well for himself, she thought, peeking out from her lashes but looking quickly away when she realized that he was still staring at her. Her heartbeat increased frantically at that realization and she wanted to hide under the front desk counter but that was ridiculous. This was Zayn Sarkis! He had always been a complete gentleman. She had no right feeling shy and oddly strange towards a man who had always been very sweet and protective of her.

Dominic Carson and Angelo Donati had worked their way out of the neighborhood as well. Now, they were both wealthy men who made it into the business and gossip news occasionally which made Ella proud, even though she hadn't ever been as close to them as she had been with Zayn.

Why was he here? And wow! He looked fabulous! Her hungry eyes followed him across the elegant lobby, wondering how she could say hello to him without her manager seeing. Personal conversations with the hotel guests were a major violation of hotel policy, she knew.

But she couldn't take her eyes off of the man. He looked so wonderful and he'd been the sweetest, kindest, gentlest man from that horrible, old neighborhood. She thought fondly of how he used to meet her at school every day for an entire week when one of her third grade classmates was bullying her. He'd stood up for her, walked her through the streets, helped her carry the groceries home from the store when her mother had sent her with a larger than normal list. He'd been her hero back then even though she'd been only eight years old.

She'd never understood how Zayn had been able to just appear when he was needed. He had been like a ghost all those years ago. One moment she was facing her third grade nemesis alone, trembling with fear that Julia Miller would smack her down on her walk home from school and then the next moment, Zayn was beside her, teasing her and telling her jokes to make her laugh. It became known around the neighborhood that Zayn protected her. And by association, Angelo and Dominic would also watch out for her.

She wasn't the only one they protected. There were several girls, including some of the smaller, scrawnier boys who had received help from those three at the time. Those three boys had been demons in the neighborhood and no one, absolutely no one, messed with any of them. They stole cars to make money, stole anything they could get their hands on actually. They had a network of spies all over the area and knew anything that was happening. Good grief, those three seemed to know what was going on even before it occurred!

Now that she thought about it, the neighborhood had started going downhill as soon as those three boys had left. First, Zayn had left, just vanished with no one knowing anything about what had happened. Then Dominic and Angelo had started to succeed in their business ventures. They'd grown and invested and done so well for themselves and all of the residents from the old neighborhood liked to brag about how "they knew Dominic Carson and Angelo Donati when...". Those two were completely legitimate now and she was so proud of them. They were her inspiration. If they could do it, she knew that she could succeed as well.

Okay, so the three of them had already made their first million by the time they were her age. She was just a late bloomer! She was taking classes at the community college, just like they'd secretly done. She was working a legal job that paid well and had a decent career path. Maybe Dominic and Angelo had developed a different strategy but hers was working for her. She knew they'd started their own businesses. Angelo was huge into the pharmaceuticals industry, having a knack for chemistry and an instinct for science and scientific advances while Dominic was more into real estate and investments, able to convince just about anyone to do whatever he wanted simply by talking to them, listening to their concerns and figuring out how to create a deal so that everyone came out a winner. Those two had done shockingly well over the years, accumulating wealth that was incomprehensible to her. Since Zayn had disappeared without any word, she didn't know what area of expertise he'd gone into, but he looked like he was doing fabulously well for himself as well.

She wasn't in their league, but she'd succeed eventually. She'd get there somehow, although probably not as high up on the food chain as those two. She just had to find her passion.

But Zayn! She'd always had a little crush on Zayn. She'd known that he was one of those guys that the other neighborhood girls adored. All three of those boys were pretty handsome, but there had always been something about Zayn that had captured her attention.

Of course, she'd been eight years old back then and he'd been a dashing eighteen year old before he'd mysteriously disappeared. But it didn't matter. She'd thought he was a knight in shining armor, so wonderful and sweet, daring anyone to mess with the little people of the neighborhood.

She watched as he strode confidently through the lobby, stopping at the private elevators that were reserved for only the very wealthiest of guests. In fact, that whole group stopped and waited. When the elevator doors opened moments after they pressed the button, she watched with fascination as Zayn stepped on first, ignoring the rest of the older men who surrounded him.

He must be an employee of those men, she thought with a secret thrill as she greeted her next guest. He'd made it out too! He hadn't gone to jail or to prison like so many of the others had speculated, nor had he died some horrible death at the hands of one of his enemies. He was here and he looked amazing! Even more muscular and taller than before. He must have grown another foot since he'd left at eighteen which was pretty astounding since he'd been crazy tall back when she'd known him before.

Just as the doors closed, his dark eyes sliced to hers and she almost gasped with surprise at the impact of that gaze. His eyes were dark and, even from this distance, she could feel the danger emanating from those eyes. Something in her stomach started fluttering and she put a hand to her belly, trying to quell the ridiculous feeling. This was Zayn! She couldn't feel this for him!

She tore her eyes away and glanced down at the granite reception counter. But a moment later, a fraction of a second before the elevator doors closed, she glanced up and he was still staring at her, still making those flutters go wild in her belly.

When the doors finally closed, she pulled her eyes away and realized that she'd been holding her breath. She filled her lungs with oxygen and turned back to the computer. Getting her mind back in gear, she forced herself to focus on the task at hand. Zayn looked wonderful, yes, but she couldn't lose this job. She knew that she wouldn't see him again, so it was best to concentrate and get her work done better than all the others who worked at the front desk. She had to be friendlier, smarter, more considerate and more creative in helping her guests in order to stand out. She had no idea what his business was with that group of men but she had a job to do and couldn't be caught slacking off for any reason.

Thankfully, another flurry of guests arrived at that moment and Ella worked diligently to check each of them into their room or suite carefully and with as much professionalism as possible. Seeing Zayn again gave her last few hours at the front desk an extra spark, allowing her to smile more brightly and be more patient as she gave directions to the lobby bathrooms for the fiftieth time that day.

If her eyes glanced around occasionally, she wasn't trying to find Zayn again, she told herself firmly. She was simply trying to survey the lobby and determine when the rush of guests would abate.

Her shift on the front desk finally ended at three o'clock that afternoon and she smiled tiredly at Dorothy, her replacement for the night shift. "It was busy today," Ella told her. "I just have room checks to do and I'm out of here, thankfully."

Dorothy was a nice woman in her early thirties with four kids. She had the morning shift at home which enabled her to ensure that the kids got off to school each day with a hot breakfast and a warm hug while her husband worked the night shift at a gas station down the road. He arrived home in time to meet the kids coming off of the school bus, feed them dinner, help each with their homework and tuck them into bed with another hug.

"Not as crazy as at my house," Dorothy teased. "Jeremy decided today was a good day to practice his trombone in his sisters' room. Needless to say, there was lots of shouting going on before I finally got the little demons out the door to school this morning."

Ella laughed but in truth, she was jealous of Dorothy's home life. She had great kids that made her laugh, an attentive husband who worshiped her and she got to snuggle with her kids every day. Ella definitely wanted kids, she thought as she picked up the clipboard that contained a checklist for inspecting each of the rooms. She just had to find the right guy. She'd love to have a whole houseful of children one day.

The tall, incredibly handsome man who had walked through the lobby today popped into her mind. No, she told herself firmly. Zayn definitely wasn't the right guy. He had other priorities, but she smiled at the memory of him striding so confidently through the lobby.

She sighed and pushed through the long hallways, holding her clipboard in front of her as she went down the list once again. She had three more rooms to check before she was finished for the day. It wasn't that she had big plans. She was just going to sit in her tiny apartment and study, but she was still relieved to be leaving the hotel. It had been a hard, busy day interrupted only by the excitement of seeing Zayn.

When she entered the penthouse suite, she knocked first and called out carefully to ensure that no one was there. It was her job to check the rooms and ensure that housekeeping had cleaned properly prior to letting the guests into the rooms.

Ella went through her checklist, marking off the various items. The team thatnormally cleaned the penthouse was good, which was the only way they could get onto this team. It was a prime job because there weren't as many beds to make, the rooms were generally left in very good order so there wasn't as much cleaning to do. But whatever work there was, it had to be done extremely well. This suite cost more per night than double her entire annual salary.

"You're very beautiful," a deep voice said.

Ella jumped six inches off the ground, so startled she almost dropped her clipboard.

"I'm sorry...I didn't think..." she was about to say that she had thought the penthouse suite was empty but when her eyes glanced up, she realized who it was. "Zayn?" she whispered, excitement fluttering in her tummy once again. "Is that really you?" she asked.

She could tell that he didn't recognize her. She pressed the clipboard to her chest and smiled brightly. "It's me! Ella Cooper. Remember from the old neighborhood? You were my hero and saved me several times from a beating from Julia Miller."

There was a heartbeat of a pause, then she saw the recognition in his eyes. And then the surprise. "Ella? Is that really you?" he asked, moving forward now, his hand slipping out of his pockets as he took her into a gentle hug.

"Yes. Can you believe it?" she laughed, suddenly trembling as his he bent down to wrap those hard, muscular arms around her. Why was she quivering like this? Surely she wasn't attracted to Zayn as a man! Or was she just afraid of him? There was definitely an aura of authority surrounding him. He'd always been tough, but there was something different, an air of....power? She was being silly. This was Zayn! Surely she was imagining things. She shouldn't be intimidated by him. He was a sweet, gentle, kind man who would never hurt anyone.

She breathed a little easier when he pulled back. She took a step backwards, needing the extra space just to see up into his eyes because of his height. She ignored the excited trembling that invaded her body, pretending that this was just a friend, a guy she'd known just about all her life. "Where have you been for the last ten years? Angelo and Dominic just about went crazy looking for you after you disappeared."

Zayn shrugged slightly. "I contacted them as soon as I could. I knew they'd be worried."

That actually hurt. It meant that Dominic and Angelo were worth notifying of his circumstances but she hadn't rated a call. But why should she? She'd been just a little girl back then. Maintaining her professional smile, she asked "Well, what happened to you? Rumor had it for a while that you were arrested. Is that true?"

Zayn laughed and Ella was embarrassed by the way the sound made her feel. She shifted slightly, wondering if he could tell that the sound had made her stomach tighten slightly. And those darn flutterings were going full force now!

But then he smiled. It was a bit rueful but, as she looked up at his handsome face, she couldn't believe how that smile made her heart rate speed up. "I guess you could say I was imprisoned."

Her eyes widened with concern. "Oh my. Are you okay? You look..." She hesitated, unaware that her eyes were looking at him as if he were a piece of chocolate cheesecake before she got her libido back in check. This was Zayn she told herself again. He was like a brother to her. Wasn't he?

Okay, maybe a cousin.

Perhaps a very distant cousin.

She looked at his broad, muscular shoulders, her breath catching slightly. Maybe the best friend of a distant cousin, she corrected.

"I'm okay now but I was pretty furious initially." Zayn looked at the petite woman standing in front of him. She was smiling up at him as if he were some sort of relative, which was completely the opposite of what he was feeling for her. He'd had only a brief feel of her softness before she'd pulled away, but that slight touch of her lush, full breasts pressing against his chest had whetted his appetite. He'd seen her several times during the day but she was much more beautiful up close. And moments ago, he'd been ogling her adorable bottom in her stiff suit before he'd revealed himself to her and his body had reacted strongly to her delectable figure. She had great legs too. He wondered what they would look like if they weren't in those hideous, thick stockings and ugly, demure shoes.

She definitely wasn't the frightened little girl he'd walked home from school several days a week as a kid. She'd filled out in all the right places. She truly was extraordinarily beautiful, he thought. Her high cheekbones and those striking green eyes were fascinating. She was too short to be a model, but he could honestly say that he'd never encountered a woman nearly as beautiful as Ella Cooper. Or one as strikingly elegant or poised. She struck him as the ultimate beauty and he wondered why she kept all that dark hair hidden. He remembered her having straight, almost black hair that she'd pulled all of it back in a ponytail or a braid almost every day. She now wore it pinned on top of her head but those soft, wispy tendrils framing her face told him that she still had the lovely, silky texture. Since it was restrained, he was unsure of the length but he suspected that it was still long and beautiful.

With that dark hair and her pale, white skin and gorgeous green eyes, she reminded him of some Irish vixen, her long, dark lashes hiding her amazing eyes from his view but he wanted to see all of her, delve into all that she'd become and learn all about who she had grown into.

"What are you doing here?" he asked. "I saw you down in the lobby. I suppose you work here?"

"Yes," Ella replied, not sure how she felt about the situation. She wished she could say that she'd been more successful over the years, especially so she could impress Zayn. But there was nothing she could do about that now. Her life wasn't as glamorous as she'd like, but she wasn't doing too badly. "I graduated high school early and am now attending college classes a few days a week." Feeling embarrassed that she hadn't done more with her life, she changed the subject, shifting it away from herself and her lack of achievements. "Obviously you've done pretty well for yourself since you were released."

Zayn chuckled slightly. "I don't know if I can actually claim that I've been released. Although I've accepted the situation."

Ella didn't understand what he was saying. "So what are you doing here now?"

"I have some meetings over the next few days." This meeting with Ella definitely wasn't going the way he'd anticipated, Zayn thought. Ella was asking about his past and he would really like to discuss their future. He wanted this lovely woman. The more he spoke to her, the more intrigued he was. He'd thought she was sexy and adorable when he'd seen her in the lobby, but now that he could see her up close, see those sparkling green eyes and her soft, red lips, his mind was picturing her amid satin sheets, completely devoid of that unflattering uniform she was wearing.

He shifted closer, enjoying her sweet scent and noticing that her fingers were trembling slightly. That was a good sign, he thought. It told him that she was only pretending to think of him platonically and professionally. That was good. Definitely giving him hope. And more lustful thoughts.

Obviously he wasn't in prison any longer, she thought, relieved. "Are you meeting with anyone important? Maybe they could get you out of whatever pickle you're currently in." She smiled hopefully, feeling slightly breathless with him this close. It was difficult, but she continued to mentally remind herself that she shouldn't be thinking like that about Zayn. He was probably a very busy man and he hopefully thought of her as a friend. "I wish I knew some important people who could help you out." She had a sudden inspiration. "What about Dominic or Angelo? I know they've been doing pretty well for themselves." She knew she was rambling but she couldn't seem to stop herself. The way he was looking at her made her feel...awkward. She shifted her clipboard so it was covering her breasts, afraid he might notice that her nipples had hardened because of his closeness. She blinked, trying to focus on his problem instead of the nervous way he made her feel. "I've lost touch with them but I would be more than happy to help you find them. And if I can't locate them, I have some money saved up. I'd lend it to you if it would help."

Zayn couldn't believe this. He was ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world and this tiny little female, the one he'd walked home to protect from mean little bullies, was offering to lend him money to get out of the bad state of affairs she thought he might be facing.

"I don't think either Dominic or Angelo could get me out of my current situation. But I thank you for offering." He took her hand in his and led her over to one of the down filled sofas, pulling her down next to him. "Tell me what you've been up to for the past few years."

Ella sat stiffly beside him, painfully aware of the breach in hotel protocol she was creating by sitting here on the sofa. Despite her completely inappropriate and unprofessional fascination with the man, she didn't want to be here. She wanted to jump up and stand beside this man, afraid to be caught fraternizing with one of the guests. She didn't want to get him in trouble either with his employers. She didn't understand what kind of trouble he was currently in but she didn't want to make it worse by sitting with him in his boss's suite.

"Why don't we go somewhere else and I can buy you a drink?" she suggested.

Zayn smiled slightly, more than intrigued. He was flattered. No woman had ever offered to buy him a drink. Or anything for that matter. Most women thought of him as a walking wallet. "That would be dangerous," he said softly and kept her hand in his larger one. She was shivering he realized. He wanted to put her at ease, but he wasn't sure how to do that. He'd never met a more beautiful woman who was so completely unaware of her beauty.

He realized that the chemistry between the two of them was a bit more intense than usual. He liked that about her. Her shyness appealed to him at level he'd never been aware of before. He wanted her, definitely, but he wanted her feeling confident about what might happen between the two of them.

"Would you like some coffee?" he asked. He raised his hand and immediately a waiter arrived by his side. "Coffee and something to eat please," he said.

The waiter immediately moved away and Ella panicked. "No, really, that's okay. I don't really need coffee. I can't..."

"You can," he contradicted firmly, telling her with his eyes that she should relax with him.

"No, please," she argued, seeing Bart, the all-knowing waiter, disappear through a set of doors that Ella knew led to the butler's pantry. She was painfully aware that Bart would be calling downstairs to alert her boss that she was sitting here fraternizing with one of the guests. Or more painfully, one of the guests' employees!

Her eyes sliced to the door behind which Bart had just disappeared, then back to Zayn. As much as she would love to sit and chat with him, find out where he had been for the last ten years and how he had been, she couldn't sit here in this beautiful suite next to him. "I have to go," she said firmly and tried to stand up but he kept her hand in his.

"Ella, sit down," he said sternly. At her hesitation, he asked, "Have I ever let anything bad happen to you?"

Ella immediately shook her head. "Never," she whispered but her eyes were wide with the electric shock from his touch.

"Sit down and have a cup of coffee with me," he urged. "Nothing will happen from a simple conversation."

Ella sat, only because she wasn't sure what else to do. She didn't want to hurt this man's feelings, but she really didn't want to lose her job. "Please, let's just get away from here and I can buy you a drink. The coffee here is even more expensive than I make in a week!" she joked, but not really. She'd wanted to horrify Zayn but he just smiled slightly and held her hand more firmly. "And I really don't want you to lose your job. If your employers in the other rooms found out that we were sitting here, I'm sure they wouldn't be very happy."

Zayn smothered a chuckle at the idea of his advisors being upset with him entertaining a woman. If they found out, they'd probably lock the doors to keep her in here. They'd been pushing him to find a suitable wife for years but Zayn had been too focused on getting the country under control and establishing priorities for growth, as well as getting all of his agencies on the same time table. His advisors were desperate for an heir, especially an heir from him. Their dynastic thinking was that Zayn was a strong, fair ruler so his offspring would be as well and the prosperity of Tusain would continue. "I guarantee that it will be okay. I'll tell the hotel manager that you are a very valuable employee and he should give you a raise."

Ella knew that any comment from one of the guests along those lines would only be viewed poorly, especially if Bart mentioned she'd been sitting with him having coffee. She smiled but it was forced.

She fidgeted under his direct gaze because she knew she simply couldn't be sitting here like this, even if this man was the most gorgeous, most amazingly handsome and sinfully attractive man she'd ever seen in her life. She had to get out of here before Bart finished his phone call and she was fired.

"Really, I'd love to find out what's happened with you over the past ten years," she said and stood up, pulling her hand out of his as she took a step backwards. "But I have a great deal of work to do." She wrote down an address on the corner of her checklist then tore it off and handed it to him. "Here. If you have time, meet me at this place," she whispered, looking behind her nervously to see if Bart might overhear her statement or see her handing him the scrap of paper. "I get off at six and can be there by seven. If you have time, that is," she said in a hushed, urgent voice and scooted back another step when he stood up. "I have to go."

With that, she spun around and walked quickly out of the penthouse suite, her head held high. She was even able to nod politely to Bart as she walked by the butler's pantry. He looked slightly startled by her abrupt departure, but she couldn't stop to analyze his reaction. She just kept walking out as quickly as possible.

Until her shift ended, she was painfully nervous, wondering if either her boss might fire her for the slight breach in rules with Zayn or if Zayn himself might show up. She wasn't sure which would be worse, or better, or not good. By the time she actually clocked out for the day she was exhausted. Leaning her head against her locker, she took several deep breaths, trying to get herself back under control.

A few hours later, Ella slid into one of the seats in the back of the bar. He wouldn't come, she told herself. She was sitting here with her school books open, looking like an idiot as she waited for a man that suddenly terrified her. But she couldn't help glancing up every time someone walked into the bar. Her heart sank a little bit each time the new arrival didn't happen to be Zayn, no matter how many times she told herself to stop hoping.

She sighed and shook her head. Why would a man like Zayn come to a place like this when he could have any woman he wanted? And he could meet with them in beautiful restaurants or any bar in the city that catered to the rich and powerful? He obviously worked for someone very high up and he had a good job with them. She should have given him the address to a nicer place, perhaps a coffee shop closer to the hotel. No, that wouldn't have been good. Someone from the staff might have seen her with him and Zayn wasn't the kind of man that people didn't notice. Ella knew she wouldn't have been comfortable talking with him closer to the hotel.

"I thought you were going to study," Dennis called out from the bar, interrupting her mental castigations. He was the owner who let her wait tables on the weekend and her nights off from the hotel to make some extra cash. He was a sweet man in his late fifties that had seen a hard life, but hadn't let the cruelty of that life batter his soul. He was kind and generous and had practically adopted her when she'd moved into the apartment building across the street three years ago. She'd struggled a great deal that first year, terrified of how she was going to pay her rent, buy food for herself, keep her job and still finish high school. She had cried on his shoulder on more than one occasion but he'd given her sage advice and helped her through it all. She thought of him more as a father figure than a boss and she respected all he'd done with his life as well.

She smiled wanly, wondering if she should tell Dennis about Zayn coming in. Biting her lip, she knew that she had to give him a head's up. He was very protective and might try and get rid of Zayn if he approached her table. It was improbable that he would come, but just in case. "I might have a friend stop by," she called back to him. Since it was a Monday night, there weren't many customers except for a few of the usuals who hung out at the bar almost every day.

He looked at her skeptically. "You get your studying done, missy," Dennis called back to her while he poured another beer for one of his customers.

"On it," she called back with a smile for the sweet man.

She looked around at Dennis' bar, wondering how Zayn would feel meeting her here. He obviously was now used to much classier places, but it wasn't too horrible here. The tables were clean, Dennis never allowed smoking and he didn't water down the drinks. The alcohol might not be top shelf, but it wasn't the rot-gut some of the other bars in the area served. So Dennis had a pretty good business going here with his loyal customers appreciating his honesty and better than normal service.

Ella smiled slightly but she heeded his advice and looked down at her books. She didn't take summers off like most of the other students, preferring to plow through continuously so she could get it done as quickly as possible. She had a history quiz in two days and she'd already written her paper for her English class, but it could use some tweaking. There was no reason to waste energy hoping to see Zayn tonight. He most likely had better things to do with his time than meet a shy, painfully pale brunette at some dive bar in the wrong part of the city.

Focusing on her schoolwork, she was busy taking notes, highlighting areas of importance and shifting her papers around so that she could study more efficiently when she felt that strange feeling again. It wasn't that the air stirred or moved so much as it became...electrified.

She pushed her hair off of her forehead, tucking the dark, brown strands back behind her ear and trying to focus. It was probably just the annoying gang members that snuck in through the back door, she told herself as she turned the page on her book. Dennis would take care of anyone that might cause trouble. He was well known for promptly getting rid of the riff raff.

"You are here," Zayn said as he approached. "When my driver pulled up outside, I didn't think he had the correct address."

Ella looked up, astonished that he had come. Goodness, he looked...amazing! And definitely out of place. His tall, muscular physique alone stood out among the shorter, day laborer type of patrons sitting at the bar. But his dark suit and snowy, white shirt definitely were of better quality than the tee-shirt and jeans crowd. She stared as he approached, shocked at how incredible he looked and the terrifying impact his presence had on her body. She tried to sit up straight, to look confident, but the closer he advanced, the more nervous she became. She pressed back against the chair, suddenly afraid of the furious expression on the tall man's face.

"Zayn? You're here? You came?" she said, not sure if she was happy or concerned. He looked very forbidding.

He stopped in front of the table where her books were spread out, his hands resting on his lean hips and looking down at her as if he were furious for some reason. "Of course I came. But I was sure you'd given me the wrong address."

"This guy bothering you, Ella?" Dennis called out from the bar.

Ella noticed that Dennis already had one hand under the bar and she quickly shook her head. "Not at all. This is my old friend from my previous neighborhood." At Dennis' skeptical look, she smiled reassuringly and stood up, standing in front of Zayn so Dennis couldn't hurt him. "He's just a friend."

She silently begged Dennis to not interfere and only relaxed when he reluctantly nodded his head, taking his hand out from underneath the bar where the long, wooden bat was kept. Dennis never hesitated to use that bat when someone was interfering with his business or one of his waitresses. Ella might be off duty, but he was still overly protective.

"He's fine now," Ella sighed with relief, referring to Dennis. Zayn was looking as if he wanted to pick a fight with the older man but Ella didn't want anyone to get hurt. "Please, have a seat," she said. "I'll get you a drink. What would you like?" she asked.

Zayn looked around at the dingy bar and shook his head. Growing up, he might have considered this place to be the perfect hangout. But his tastes had become more refined over the past ten-plus years.

Seeing how nervous and hopeful Ella was, he didn't suggest a change in venues. "How's the coffee here?" he finally said.

Ella laughed and her shoulders eased down somewhat. "Sludge like. You'll love it," she said and spun around to get him a cup.

Zayn watched as she leaned over the bar, her adorable bottom almost sticking up in the air as she grabbed a coffee pot that obviously was behind the bar. He also noticed all of the other men watching her and he gritted his teeth. Why would Ella allow herself to be ogled in such a way? He'd seen her only briefly this afternoon, but in those short moments, he'd already decided that this slender beauty was going to be his. She'd struck a nerve inside of him, something he hadn't realized was even a part of his psyche but he couldn't ignore it. In fact, she'd been distracting him all afternoon. Every time he'd tried to concentrate in his tedious meetings, an image of her smiling, fresh face came to mind.

He was actually in Washington, D.C. for meetings with the president and his aides and he'd canceled several of those scheduled for tonight in order to be here with Ella. He hadn't even tried to stay away, knowing that seeing her again was more important. He didn't understand why it was important, but he'd accepted that and shifted his schedule.

For a man who prided himself on his focus and concentration, having that kind of a distraction seemed like a sign of poor self-discipline. And he'd worked very hard most of his life to attain absolute discipline. For a woman to cause a lack of such was unheard of.

And why had he even noticed the other men looking at her? It wasn't just that old habits die hard. Nor was it that he simply wanted this woman. Almost painfully.

No, there was something more to Ella that he didn't completely understand.

He sighed and turned back, eyeing his guards who had come in with him and stationed themselves a few tables away. They were forming a loose perimeter around the table, trying to appear casual but it was hard for large, bulky men like his security team to blend in. They were trained to be obvious which discouraged assassination attempts but furthermore, their exercise and training schedule, as well as his own, caused all of them to be larger and more muscular than ordinary men. Thankfully, they were looking around at the other patrons so he didn't think they were aware of his poor concentration. Or his embarrassing fascination with this petite woman.

"So," Ella said as she carefully placed a cup of coffee in front of Zayn then sat down with her own cup of tea across from him. "What have you been up to? And what happened to you all those years ago? I've been dying to hear all about your adventures ever since I saw you earlier this afternoon."

Zayn shifted the cup slightly, taking a sip. He almost coughed at the bitter, unholy taste of the coffee. He wasn't sure when this brew was made, but it probably hadn't been in this decade. She hadn't lied when she'd described the coffee as sludge-like. In fact, that might be insulting sludge.

Pushing the cup away from him slightly, he focused on the amazingly beautiful woman in front of him. When his eyes took in her lovely appearance, his body reacted to the soft blush that stained her pale cheeks. As he looked down at her, he realized that it wasn't that she was unhealthy, although she definitely could put on a little weight. It was more that she just had very pale, almost translucent skin.

Clearing his throat and shaking himself mentally, he focused on answering her question. "I've been mostly out of the country," he replied evasively. "How is your mother?" he asked, switching the subject away from himself.

Ella told him about her mother's death three years ago and he saw the pain in her eyes. He wanted to lift her into his arms and cradle her in his arms, offer her comfort, but he wasn't sure how she would react to that kind of sympathy.

"Where did you go after her death? Who were you living with?" he asked, remembering that she and her mother had lived alone. He couldn't remember her talking about any other relatives, but that might be because she'd been so young, the subject hadn't really come up.

"Oh, I survived, just like all of us," she said, waving aside the fact that her mother had died when she was fifteen and she'd fought hard to stay under the radar of the children's services division. She'd taken care of herself, working hard and studying, getting excellent grades and refusing to be broken.

Something in her voice caught his attention and he stopped her. "Ella, where have you been living all this time?" he asked gently. He wanted to reach out and touch her hand, even to pull her into his arms when he saw the pain and fear creep into her eyes. But he restrained himself.

"I took care of myself," she told him quickly. "What about your mother?"

"My mother lives in Florida right now." He wouldn't let her move on from her last comment. "Are you telling me that you've lived on your own, paying the rent on that apartment and buying all of your food by yourself?" he demanded, becoming furious with her for putting herself in that kind of danger.

Ella looked taken aback, as if his question seemed odd.

"Of course I lived on my own. I didn't want to be put into foster care. You're very well aware of what happened to Angelo. After his experiences, I doubt anyone from the old neighborhood would take that route."

Zayn's eyebrows drew down, revealing how furious he was. Not with her but with fate and the system that didn't protect her. "Ella, how did you get by?"

"I worked," she replied, looking down at the table. "I had several jobs and I studied hard. It wasn't easy, but I'd much rather have that problem than..." she shook her head. "Anyway, that's in the past now. I don't want to think about it."

She quickly changed the subject and started telling him stories about the other people they both knew from the old neighborhood. Zayn had heard most of the stories because he spoke with Angelo and Dominic on a regular basis, but he listened and laughed, enchanted with Ella's telling of the foibles. She was never mean about the recounting, or even malicious about the girls who had hurt her, the ones he'd eventually protected her from. He couldn't help but chuckle as she told him about the kids that had been arrested, their trials, where they were in each of their prison sentences, who had gotten married, who had kids and any humorous stories about those kids she had heard through the grapevine.

When someone called out to her, she looked around, surprised that the bar had filled up so much. "Goodness!" she gasped and looked at her watch. "I'm so sorry. I've monopolized your time for three hours!"

"Let me take you home," he said through the crowd. He hadn't noticed the passing of time, too absorbed in watching her facial expressions and enjoying the enticing view of her soft, full breasts whenever she leaned closer to him. It wasn't much of a view, but the conservative, cotton tee-shirt hugged her breasts just enough to tell him that she would be more than a handful when he finally freed those lovely breasts from the restraint of her plain, cotton bra.

He was still concerned about what she'd had to endure after her mother's death, but he vowed that he would make up for all of the problems she'd gone through. In that moment, he wanted to drape her in silks and satins, show her all that she'd missed because of her abbreviated childhood.

Ella gathered up her books and notebooks, shoving them into her plain, canvas bag before tossing it over her shoulder. When he also stood up and started to help her, the trembling started once again. "You don't need to do that," she said, suddenly nervous once again. It had been easy to talk to him as he sat across the table from her, but it wasn't so easy now that he was towering over her. With her sneakers on, the top of her head didn't even reach his shoulder. She felt small and nervous, anxious about the night.

"I'll take you home," he repeated when she'd slung the heavy bag over her shoulder.

Ella stood there in front of him in the dim light of the bar, her fingers twisting together and her body still shaking, even more pronounced now that they were standing and his height and all those incredible muscles were more obvious. "Really, you don't need to see me home. I live very close."

"Of course I do. What would Dennis say if he knew that I'd let you go home alone?"

Ella laughed, staring at her feet because she was suddenly too shy to hold his gaze. "I live across the street. Joe is sitting in the doorway and he watches to make sure I get home okay."

Zayn's eyebrow went up. "You live across the street? From here?" he demanded, once again angry at what she was enduring.

Ella looked up at him curiously. "Of course. It's a much better place than where my mother and I lived. And of course, I don't need that much room," she shrugged. "This place fits me better than the other apartment."

Zayn knew that the apartment she'd shared with her mother was about five hundred square feet. There had been one bedroom, a closet-sized den area that had barely been able to hold a sofa, on which her mother had slept each night. Their kitchen had been smaller than the butler's pantry in the penthouse he was staying in over at the hotel. In fact, that pantry was more than three times the size of the kitchen Ella had shared with her mother. He also knew that the two of them had made the most amazing cookies in that tiny little space. Ella's mother had baked them for him whenever she had some extra cash, a sort of thank you to him for looking out for her little girl.

Zayn moved closer, his hand coming up to touch her cheek. "You've had a hard time of it, haven't you, my beauty?"

Ella was so flustered, she couldn't even hold his gaze. "My life isn't nearly as hard as others," she whispered, wishing she sounded more confident. "I've been pretty lucky, all things considered."

Zayn didn't think so, but he wasn't going to say that. In fact, he wanted to wrap her up in silk and feed her chocolate for the rest of her days. She was too soft, too trusting for this world, he thought. "Let me get you home," he replied, his voice husky with concern and a sudden need to possess her, take care of her and give her everything possible.

They walked out of the bar, several of the men calling out to her. Ella waved to several of them but Zayn noticed that she ignored other calls. He suspected that those men weren't so friendly in their attentions. He considered smashing their faces in just because he knew the type of men they were, preying on smaller women who were too nice to put them in their place. But he followed Ella out of the bar, making sure that the others could tell that he was there to watch out for her. He glared at some, silently telling them that Ella was not to be messed with, and then nodded politely to Dennis.

"You okay, Ms. Ella?" Johnny called out from his wooden stool just outside the door. Johnny was the bouncer who ruled the outer perimeter of the bar. Dennis could take care of anyone inside, but it was Johnny's job to keep out the known irritants. And he did an excellent job, knowing the neighborhood well enough to not allow entry to anyone who had been causing problems on the streets.

"It's all good, Johnny. How's Debbie?" Ella asked, referring to Johnny's wife who was eight months pregnant with their first child.

He groaned and rolled his eyes as if he were enduring much pain. "Whining about swollen feet this afternoon. That's why I was here early," he said, winking and laughing.

Ella shook her head. "You were here ten minutes late," Ella contradicted. "Probably because you were rubbing her toes again, weren't you?"

Johnny just made some disgusted sound as if he thought Ella was crazy to even suggest something so outrageous. But Ella knew better. He worshiped Debbie and she did the same back for him. Both of them were completely dedicated to each other and it was a love that Ella hoped for herself someday.

Ella stepped off of the curb and walked across the relatively empty street. If it was a Friday or Saturday night, there would be cars driving up and down this street, searching for some sort of mischief. But on a Monday, it was calm and relatively clear. Even so, she shivered with awareness when Zayn put a protective hand on the small of her back. She could feel him turning his head back and forth to ensure that there weren't any cars coming, or any other threats he might have to deal with.

She smiled, thinking back to how sweet and protective he'd been when she'd been in third grade. He was still protecting her now and she thought it was charming even though she could take now care of herself. She'd taken the free self-defense classes at the police station, used all the precautions and knew to be on alert and aware of her surroundings at all times.

One they were across the street, Ella unlocked the door to the building and she turned to face Zayn, not wanting to walk all the way up the narrow stairs with him. But before she could even utter a thank you, he shook his head. "All the way inside, Ella," he stated, meaning he wasn't going away until she was safely inside her apartment.

She looked up at him and knew that he wasn't going to argue with her. He would simply stand there on the street all night until he considered her safe and sound. "Why do men seem to think I'm incapable of protecting myself?" she grumbled, painfully self-conscious of walking up the narrow stairs in front of him in her jeans that had definitely seen better days. She'd had these jeans for several years and, unfortunately, she'd gained just enough weight for them to be embarrassingly tight.

Zayn almost laughed at her disgruntled expression. If she only knew how many women would kill to be in her position, would she feel any differently? Probably not. Ella wasn't that kind of a woman. She didn't like competition unless she was competing against herself.

But damn! Those jeans were....hot! He actually had to grip the wobbly railing just to keep his hands from reaching out and cupping her perfect bottom. He wanted her, no doubt about it. He wouldn't do anything about it, though. Everything about Ella screamed that she was innocent and he couldn't take that away from her. She was sweet and fresh and alive. And he was a bastard for thinking such salacious thoughts about her. He needed to clear his mind of all those things, all the things he wanted to do to her, and with her. He watched as she fumbled with the keys, finally getting the right one into the lock and his mind instantly thought about what he wanted her to do with those pretty, white hands. Her nails were short but neat and her fingers long and elegant looking. He could easily picture those soft hands against his chest, her fingers touching him, running along his arms or wrapping around his neck.

He had to pull his eyes away from those hands! Focus on something else, he ordered himself. But that 'something else' became her soft, red lips, perfectly shaped and his mind shifted away from her hands but he imagined her doing the same thing with her....Stop it!

He took a deep breath but there was so little space in this narrow hallway that he just breathed in the clean scent of Ella. Bracing his hands on the sides of the wall didn't seem to help. He still felt himself leaning forward, his eyes watching her beautiful green ones, desperately hoping she would slap his face and tell him to leave her alone. But all he saw in those dark, green depths was the same thing he was feeling. And it didn't help him to pull back, to get out of that hallway.

When their lips touched, he felt as well as heard her gasp. He was feeling the exact same thing but he was more cynical about the experience. He didn't believe that he'd actually felt that electric jolt. He touched her lips again, waiting for the disappointment. But that didn't come. In fact, just the opposite. With stunned surprise, his body was instantly hard and aching, desperate to have her just from that simple touch but he couldn't stop, as much as he knew he should. He pulled her against him and she felt even better than he could have anticipated. She was so soft, so sensuous he wanted to lift her into his arms.

If he'd been aware of his surroundings, Zayn might have been surprised to find that he actually had lifted her into his arms, pressing her back against the wall and kissing her like there was no tomorrow. But he wasn't able to think, to slow down enough to make sense of his actions. All he knew was that she was kissing him back and it wasn't the sweet, gentle kiss of an innocent. Ella's passion matched his, at least in intensity if not in skill. Later, he might think about things and realize that her kiss might indicate that she'd never kissed a man before, but since she was so beautiful and sexy, at that moment, her never having been kissed was impossible to believe. Especially when she kissed him back exactly as he was kissing her, mimicking his movements and driving him crazy by wiggling against him, pressing herself against him.

Ella thought she might just pass out with the heat that was driving her wild. She couldn't get enough of Zayn. His kiss was nothing like what she'd thought it might be like. She'd expected him to be gentlemanly, kind and sweet. This was not a sweet kiss. Nor did she want anything like that now. She wanted him, just like this, ravenous for her, giving her exactly what she didn't realize she needed until he'd touched her. And when she felt that hardness lower on her belly, she shifted her body so that it was exactly where she needed it. She couldn't seem to stop, to be still and enjoy his kiss. There was no enjoyment, it was sheer desperation to feel him, to taste more of Zayn. Wrapping her legs around his waist made the ache better, but only for a moment. Because doing it...yes...just like that, she gasped when she shifted again. And again. She actually closed her eyes, shifting again and again against him, completely embracing the incredible feel of his body against hers, unaware of what she was doing.

"Yes!" she cried out frantically, pleasure washing over her and she held onto him as her first orgasm shattered her body in a wave of pleasure so intense she thought she might actually pass out.

Zayn watched, the pain of needing to bury himself inside her heat...not really abating, but pushed back for the longest moment while he watched the beauty of Ella in the throes of passion. And they were both completely dressed! Damn! He couldn't believe what was happening. This had never happened before but she was just so responsive. So incredible!

He continued to hold her, pressing against her to prolong the feeling, giving her more of himself than he'd ever given any woman before. And he thought she was incredibly beautiful.

When she finally sighed, her body slumping against his and the wall behind her, he thought he might just explode himself. But he gained enough control over his body to hold back, to realize that this was all wrong. He couldn't do this to Ella. Not here, not like this.

She deserved more. And damn if he wasn't going to give it to her.

He bent down and kissed her neck but had to pull back quickly. His control could only take so much stimulation.

"Goodness," she sighed, her hands smoothing down his shoulders. And then realization of what had just happened hit her. "No," she whispered, squeezing her eyes closed. She quickly dropped her legs, standing up by herself and trying to push against the large man, wishing she could just fall into the floor. "I'm so sorry!" she gasped out, covering her face with her hands. "I can't believe what just happened."

Zayn wanted to laugh, but he was in too much pain. "Please don't apologize," he said, hearing that his voice was deeper than normal. "I thought you looked incredible."

She covered his mouth with her hands, shaking her head. "That didn't happen," she groaned. "We'll just pretend like it didn't happen at all. You can go back to your meetings and your boss. I'll just slip inside my apartment and cover my face with my pillow. Everything will be back to normal tomorrow."

He chuckled and shook his head. "That's not really what is going to happen, Ella," he said softly, his hands sliding up her waist, stopping just short of cupping those lovely, full breasts. "You're going to come out to dinner with me tomorrow night."

Ella quickly shook her head, refusing his command. "No. That's not possible." She didn't know why it wasn't possible, but she couldn't face him again. She'd be perfectly happy if she never saw him again. Seeing him would just bring all of her embarrassment right back to her mind and she preferred to pretend like she hadn't just been a wanton, crazy woman in his arms.

"It's not only possible, it is definitely going to happen, Ella. I'll pick you up at the same time tomorrow night. If you're not here, I'll just head over to Dennis and ask him where you might be."

She cringed at the idea of Dennis seeing Zayn again tomorrow night. Dennis had already been wary of the man. If he saw Zayn again tomorrow night, there would be an interrogation.

"Fine," she groaned, still looking no higher than the middle of his chest. "But I'll meet you somewhere. Don't pick me up. Just tell me where to go and I'll be there tomorrow after I get off work." No reason to let anyone else in the neighborhood know that she was going to meet Zayn again. Besides, Dennis would see Zayn from his front windows and the interrogation would start as soon as she came in for work Friday night. He'd be an absolute bear about it, she just knew it. Better to just meet Zayn for dinner somewhere else. He'd be out of town in no time and Ella could get back to her normal, if sometimes trying, life.

Zayn considered her suggestion for a moment. He knew she was embarrassed and until he had her sitting down across the table from him, he wouldn't be able to ease that embarrassment. "I'll send a car for you," he compromised.

Ella thought that might work. Besides, it would alleviate the cost of getting onto a bus. "Okay," she sighed, wishing he would just leave so she could pretend that she hadn't just done...whatever one called what had just happened.

Zayn laughed softly, understanding that she wanted him gone. "I'll see you tomorrow night," he said and kissed the top of her head. "Go inside and lock the door so I can hear the bolts slide into place," he commanded.

Normally, Ella would ignore anyone who tried to order her about but in this case, she just wanted to hide. Getting into her apartment and locking the door was exactly what she wanted. So what if his order coincided with her desires? She slipped through the door, eager to just hide from him. She leaned against the door, locked all of her bolts and slid the chains into place, relieved when she heard his footsteps move off down the hallway.

Closing her eyes, she slid down the door to the floor, wishing she could start the whole night over again.

Chapter 2

The following night, Ella smoothed the cotton sundress over her stomach and hips, her fingers shaking slightly as she thought about seeing Zayn again. She wished she could have contacted him, called off tonight, but he hadn't left her any contact information. She'd tried to call the front desk, but she knew the hotel policies and they wouldn't put her call through without some sort of identity. They promised to take a message, but what was she supposed to say? If she'd just said she was canceling her evening plans, would he even pay attention to the message? She suspected that Zayn would show up anyway. At least, the old Zayn would have. There hadn't been many people in the old neighborhood who would have defied Zayn.

When the doorbell rang, she glanced across her small space, her eyes wide and worried. She couldn't face him, she thought miserably. Not after last night. What would he think of her? She'd been so wanton, acted so promiscuously. She blushed just standing on the other side of the wooden door, how could she even face him?

"Open the door, Ella," Zayn's deep voice commanded from the other side.

Ella stared at the door, gripping the love seat behind her. The trembling started once again, full force this time and she could barely catch her breath.

"Ella," he repeated after several moments of silence.

Ella closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Pretend like nothing happened, she told herself firmly. Just act like this happens all the time, that it was nothing out of the ordinary. She dated occasionally. Okay, so not at all, really. The best she could say is that she held conversations with other men. And that was generally only when she was in the checkout line at the grocery store and Jessica, the normal sales clerk, was off for the day.

No, she was abominably low on flirting expertise.

"Ella, if you don't answer the door, I'm going to get the building manager to open this for me."

Ella knew that Ms. Wertheim, the woman on the bottom floor who ran the building, would gladly enter into Ella's domain, always wanting to know everyone's business. Ella was friendly to the elderly woman, but never told her anything that was going on. Ms. Wertheim liked to spread news like a wind spreads seeds and by the end of the day, everyone would know that Ella had received a man into her apartment.

Ella walked over to the door and pulled it open, unable to look up into Zayn's handsome features.

Zayn looked down at the incredibly lovely woman in the cheap, thin sundress that, nonetheless, looked astoundingly alluring on her slender frame. He tried very hard not to chuckle as the pink color spread quickly from her neck to her cheeks, making her pale skin look like she'd been in the sun for much too long. Walking into her space, he couldn't help but notice how little furniture she had. And what there was, she'd probably found abandoned on the street and hauled home by herself.

Taking her hand, he lifted it up to his mouth and kissed her knuckles. "You look very pretty, Ella," he said softly, holding her close when she would have pulled away.

"Thank you," she replied, smoothing the dress down again. "I thought you were only sending a car."

"I did send a car. I just happened to be inside the car as well."

Ella hadn't anticipated the subterfuge, but what could she say? She was both thrilled to see him again, he pulse rate skyrocketing, and at the same time, still not ready to face him. "Did you have a nice day?" she asked, wanting to change the subject. And get out of her tiny apartment. It had always felt just fine for her needs, but Zayn standing in the middle of her space made things feel shockingly smaller. He was too big, too tall and muscular to fit inside this tiny studio apartment.

Zayn understood exactly what she was thinking and wanted to help her out. "Ella, you didn't do anything wrong last night," he said softly, moving closer and taking her hand in his, holding it with his large, warm fingers. "You're a beautiful, responsive, normal female," he coaxed.

She wanted to just pull her hands out of his and move on, but he wouldn't let her go. "Can we discuss something else?" she pleaded.

He sighed, wishing he could do or say something to make her feel more comfortable. But she was too skittish and he didn't think she would listen to him. In all of his twenty-eight years, he hadn't ever run into a woman who was as innocent, sweet and sensuous as Ella but he was making a muck of the situation. "Are you hungry?" he asked instead, tucking her hand onto his arm and guiding her out the doorway. He made sure she locked the doors before preceding her down the stairway, thinking the whole time that he was going to get her out of this place. She was working too hard and pushing herself to make her way in the world, but he could do a lot to help her. He didn't think she would accept his help, but he could figure something out to alleviate some of the financial stress she was under.

"Where are we going for dinner?" she asked, trying to make conversation to alleviate her nervousness.

"We'll go to La Tesata," he replied, holding the door to her building for her.

She stopped and stared up at him, unaware that her mouth had fallen open. "No!"

One eyebrow went up in surprise. "You don't like Italian?" he inquired, but he specifically remembered how much she loved pasta. It had been a major event when she and her mother were making spaghetti for the night. As a young girl, she'd practically danced down the street on those nights. Which was why he'd told his assistant to get them a table at the very exclusive Italian restaurant.

"You know I love Italian," she came back. "But I don't think you could have gotten a reservation there. The concierge at our hotel books tables there but he only gives them out to the very special hotel guests."

Zayn almost laughed at her worried expression. And he finally understood how his assistant had gotten the reservation so easily. "Why do you think I'm not one of those special guests?" he asked softly, his finger touching her smooth, pale cheek gently.

Ella gasped at the contact, looking up at him and blushing as those feelings from the previous night soared through her body once again. And she was much more embarrassed by them tonight, now that she knew what could happen.

"Are you afraid of me, Ella?" he asked, amused by the idea, stepping closer and diminishing the distance again. But he didn't want her to be afraid. He wanted her to be proud of what they could make each other feel.

She bit her lower lip and tried to come up with a way to explain what he made her feel. "I think I'm afraid of what you do to me. I know that you would never intentionally hurt me, if that's what you're asking."

Zayn smiled at her response. "Let's go," he said, knowing they needed to leave before he took her back into her apartment and forgot about dinner.

He pushed the door open and once again, Ella stopped cold. "What's wrong?"

Ella was staring at the door to the limousine. "Zayn, you borrowed your employer's limousine?" she asked, smiling sweetly up at him. "That's very considerate, but not necessary. I'm already impressed with everything about you," she said, her green eyes lighting with happiness, all embarrassment gone with his thoughtful gesture.

Zayn didn't miss his driver's shocked expression when he heard Ella mention a "boss". It was odd even to him. "Ella, why is it so inconceivable that this might be my limousine? That this might be my driver?"

She hugged his arm slightly and Zayn had to grit his teeth when he felt her full, soft breast press against his arm. "Don't worry about that, Zayn. I'm not impressed by titles. But La Tesata is horribly expensive and I've heard that their prices aren't worth the food. Let's just go for a pizza. One with lots of cheese and extra sausage. Okay?" she suggested.

He almost laughed at her perception of him as a poor man. "I'm taking you to La Tesata," he answered her firmly. "If you want pizza, I'll ensure that the chef makes you one with all the cheese and sausage you want. Deal?"

She was shaking her head, but he stopped her by simply handing her into the limousine.

"I can't go there dressed like this," she answered, shocked by the very idea of appearing in the very elegant, very up-scale restaurant in a cheap, cotton sundress. She sat primly on the buttery-soft leather seat next to him, worriedly looking up at him.

"You can if I bring you there," he countered with absolute confidence.

She shook her head. "You can't embarrass the staff by bringing me into that elegant restaurant," she stated emphatically. "Believe me, I'm one of the staff that becomes embarrassed almost daily. It's horrible."

If she had put it any other way, he would have just ignored her and taken her anyway. "What kinds of things embarrass you?" he asked, eager to hear more about her life.

She shrugged causally, but her eyes were twinkling with amusement. "Maybe not so much embarrassment, but perhaps there are some guest proclivities that are shocking."

He laughed softly. "I have a feeling that it doesn't take much to shock you."

She shook her head. "Initially, that might have been true. But I've been working at this job for about a year now and, believe me, there are shocking things that occur in a hotel. I don't understand why people do some of the things they do, but it boggles the mind."

Zayn knew that some people enjoyed hotels because of their anonymity, which released them from their normal moral codes, freed them from inhibitions. "I doubt that much would boggle my mind." Except for a strikingly beautiful woman like Ella who was untouched at the ripe old age of eighteen. "So give me the juicy details."

She grinned, thinking back to some of the issues she'd encountered. "Well, the security guards see much more than I do, but there have been several occasions when I've walked in on a couple...being intimate," she said as if "having sex" were too graphic.

His eyebrows slashed down again as his anger surfaced. "What were you doing when they were in flagrante delicto?" he asked.

She laughed softly at his term. "I have to check the rooms as they are cleaned and report back when they are ready for guests. There have been several times when I've knocked, announced myself and walked in on couples."

His eyebrow went up. "Does this happen often?" he asked.

She shrugged one delicate shoulder but moved on. They continued to discuss the amusing things that occurred in a hotel until they arrived at the restaurant. She looked out, her eyes looking worried and her hands once again trying to smooth out any wrinkles in her plain dress. Compared to the others that were walking into the restaurant, she looked cheap and poor.

"Zayn, I'd really rather not go inside," she said carefully, unaware that her fingers were tangling together in her lap nervously.

Zayn looked down at her, taking pity on her anxiousness. He picked up his phone and said something in a language she didn't understand. A moment later, he nodded and closed the phone. "A private dining room has been arranged," he explained and without waiting for her to say anything else, he stepped out of the limousine and extended his hand for her, not accepting any more excuses.

Ella cringed at the extra expense but put her hand into his warm one and followed him into the restaurant. A huge fuss was made upon his arrival, but she was relieved when they were escorted to a relatively large private dining room. The view was extraordinary with large windows looking out over the Potomac River with all the boats moving about on the water. She smiled, delighted with the room. "This is lovely," she said, pretending that the cost wouldn't be an issue.

Ella didn't dare order a pizza, but savored spicy, cheesy pasta in a delicate red sauce with all sorts of seafood as well as crusty bread that was drenched in garlic butter. She'd never tasted anything so delicious and could barely keep up her end of the conversation as she feasted on the amazing foods. When the entire plate of pasta was gone, she sat back in her chair, delicately wiping her mouth with the linen napkin.

"Thank you, Zayn. That really was delicious," she said with a shy smile.

Zayn leaned forward, enjoying her pleasure. "What would you like for dessert?" he asked, thinking about what he wanted for his after dinner pleasure. Not to be, he reminded himself. Ella was barely a woman. She deserved so much more.

Ella shook her head and raised her hand. "Nothing more," she begged with a soft, lilting laugh. "I couldn't eat another bite."

He shook his head. "You can't miss the chocolate delicacies here," he argued. "They're incredible."

She laughed again. "You're taunting me. You know how much I love pasta and I've already overindulged. Now you're teasing my sweet tooth but it isn't going to work this time. I am too full to even be tempted."

Zayn raised an eyebrow at her challenge. Turning to the waiter who was standing by the wall, he said, "Pack up one each of all of your desserts. We'll try them later," he said.

The waiter bowed and left the room quickly, eager to fulfill the order.

Ella rolled her eyes. "I guess you think I'm going to fall for the chocolate trick, eh?" she asked.

He leaned forward and poured her more wine. "I didn't know there was a chocolate trick," he came back. "Enlighten me."

"Tempting a woman with chocolate. But I'm not addicted to chocolate. So it won't work."

He raised an eyebrow. "I've never known a woman who wasn't addicted to chocolate."

"Ah, more proof that you've been running in the wrong circles. Women of my social class can't afford chocolate. So there's no chance we can be addicted. Therefore, we can't be tempted."

He looked at her with determination. "I am going to change that."

She shook her head. "No, you're going to continue doing what you're doing, which is obviously something very important," she argued. "And I'm going to continue to work on my degree and get a fabulous promotion so I will get off of working at the front desk which will mean I won't have to deal with all the horrible people that come through the hotel."

His head tilted to the side. "Why do you work in a hotel?" he asked gently, wanting to figure out how to get her into a better position, something that wasn't as hard as what she was currently doing.

She shrugged her shoulders. "It's actually a very good job with a relatively reliable career potential. I earn more doing this than I did working at a fast food restaurant. The customers are basically the same," she teased.

"In an ideal world, what do you want to do?" he asked.

She sighed and shook her head, her eyes changing. Gone was the light that had been there only moments ago, replaced by something different. Was it wisdom? Or something worse? Something defeated? Or was she just a realist whose dreams had been pushed out of her mind because of the ongoing hardships she faced every day?

Ella leaned back in her chair, twirling her fork with her fingers. "I don't play those games, Zayn. We don't live in an ideal world, do we? Are you doing what you dreamed of doing when you were younger?" she paused, seeing the negative response in his eyes without him having to say anything. "So we both do what we have to do. We get by, we push ourselves to reach a higher standard of excellence, and do a little bit of good whenever there's an opportunity."

Zayn knew that her words were true, of more than just the two of them. People the world over did what they had to do to survive. But he didn't want that for Ella. "There are many people who have achieved their dream."

She smiled sadly. "I don't think that's in the stars for either of us. Do you?"

He stared hard into her eyes, wishing there was some hope, some small spark that continued to dream. "What happened to you?"

She shrugged one shoulder as if to dismiss his concern. "My life isn't nearly as hard as others, Zayn. Working in a hotel is a great opportunity. And at least I'm not covered with grease from fried food or working out in the heat and humidity, or in the freezing cold. I've got it pretty good," she explained, smiling despite the sadness in her eyes.

He saw her smile, but there was a weariness to her eyes, a resignation that this was the best that life could offer her. "What happened to the little girl who danced home from school? Or who would run down the stairs, tripping and falling, scraping her knees simply because she'd made cookies and wanted to share?"

Her smile disappeared and she looked down at the linen covered table. She'd loved baking cookies, but she hadn't done that in over four years. "I used to make cookies with my mother," she said softly, fighting back the sudden tears that threatened to embarrass her. "I haven't made any cookies since she died."

"You were a good cook, back then. Angelo, Dominic and I would know when the two of you were baking. We would purposely stand underneath your apartment window, hoping for handouts."

Ella couldn't stop the giggle at that admission. "You're kidding!"

"No way," he came back, his eyes smiling down at her. "When one of us got a whiff of the cookies, we'd let the other two know. And we'd meet up, standing at Mr. Jones' doorway across the street, waiting for however long it took for you or your mother to notice us."

She shook her head. "We were always making them for you three guys," she said. Then grimaced. "Well, most of the time. We liked them too. But my mom would always wonder how it was that the three of you were standing by that doorway despite Mr. Jones' horrible temper."

Zayn grinned. "We'd bribe him with other stuff, just so he wouldn't chase us away until we had cookies."

This was news to Ella. "What did you bribe him with?" she asked, fascinated by this new revelation.

Zayn shrugged one shoulder. "Whatever he needed. One time, he just needed a lawn mower engine. So we got it for him. Another time, Dominic knew that his son was sick. It was pretty easy to get him the amoxicillin he couldn't afford."

Ella's mouth dropped open with that confession. "Where did you get the medicine?" she asked, leaning forward so her elbows were resting on the table, eager to hear more about this secret conspiracy.

"We stole it, of course. We didn't have any money back then."

Her eyes widened. "You stole it?" she gasped. "From whom?"

Zayn shook his head. "Oh no. I've told you enough of our secret, past life. That's all gone now. And everyone turned out happy."

She couldn't let it drop. "But you, Dominic and Angelo stole things? I looked up to you! I thought the three of you were heroes! Always showing up with whatever someone needed whenever they needed it. You stole the pain killers for Mr. Miller too, didn't you? So he could get his hip surgery?"

Zayn leaned back and layered his hands on his lap. "Mr. Miller helped Dominic with a history test once. We owed him."

"We?" she asked, but knew that those three were inseparable.

"Of course. Dominic was smart, but he hated history. Mr. Miller helped him, well, all three of us actually, to understand why history was important."

"So you stole pain medicine for him so he could get through his surgery more easily." She shook her head, her admiration for him growing tenfold. "I can't believe you were a thief. But a good one, I guess. And for good reasons."

"It was more of a reciprocal system," he said. "The guys who stole for money, they got caught."

"But since you three didn't steal for money....?"

"Oh, we stole things for money as well. We needed cash sometimes. Especially when we couldn't steal the things we needed." He gave her a half smile. "Don't put us on a pedestal, Ella. We weren't heroes. Just guys on the street trying to survive." Again, that dismissive shrug. "Officer Melton turned a blind eye on several occasions. As did several of the other shopkeepers. They knew that we'd help them out if they'd just look the other way when we took something off of their trucks. We only did that to the shopkeepers who had insurance though, or the ones who were receiving stolen property themselves. Or who we could give them something else they needed."

She considered his words. "So it was like a bartering system, more than theft."

He chuckled at her soft-hearted attempt to color his actions as noble. "If that makes you feel better about what we did, then you can call it a bartering system."

She couldn't believe he was being so casual about his start in life. "What happened to you all those years ago?" she asked, deciding a change in subject was better than pursuing the previous one. "Why did you disappear so suddenly?" She suspected that Zayn would continue to picture his own actions as evil while the rest of the neighborhood considered him someone much more chivalrous. She preferred to think of Zayn as the Robin Hood type of man versus the mischief maker Zayn sees in his past.

"I'll tell you, but you have to give me what I asked for first. If you could do anything as a career, what would you do?" he asked. He thought she was sweetly naive, but with a hard shell of wisdom and cynicism.

Ella bit her lower lip, her eyes glancing up at the ceiling to consider his question. "You're asking something that isn't very easy to answer. I don't have a dream job so much as things I would like to do more often."

"Such as?"

"Well, now that you brought it up, I loved making cookies and other baked goods. Although I don't know if I'd be very good at it since my mother was the one who had all the skill and recipes."

His eyes widened. "Please tell me that you know what she put into her chocolate chip cookies," he growled.

Ella laughed at his stern expression. "Yes. I know what her secret ingredient was."

He waited for a long moment, looking at her and then grinned. "But you're not going to tell me, are you?" he asked.

She looked back at him aghast, her hand delicately covering her neck. "Absolutely not! A girl has to have secrets. Mine just happen to be what makes chocolate chip cookies taste better."

He chuckled softly, a sexy sound that caused her body to shiver deliciously. "Then you'll have to make some for me whenever I want them. Deal?"

"No deal," she countered with a laugh. "If I remember correctly, you wanted them all the time." The man had a voracious appetite. And as she looked at him, the question popped into her mind; what did his insatiable appetites lead him to at this point in his life? She blushed, knowing the answer already. The man was astonishingly tall, breathtakingly gorgeous and had more charm than should be allowed in one man. His appetites were definitely sexual and she could easily see him fulfilling those appetites. With her actually.

He caught her blush and one eyebrow went up quickly. "What are you thinking about now?" he asked, amused by all the possibilities. Surely she wasn't thinking what he was thinking - that he wanted to kiss her until she was blushing everywhere and not just on her beautiful cheeks.

She waved both of her hands at him. "Never mind that," she replied, her voice breathy because she was still thinking about him in sexual terms instead of the safer, more appropriate 'friend' terms. She glanced at her watch. "I'd better go," she said and placed her napkin beside her plate and picked up her purse. "Can I pay for my half of the meal?" she asked cautiously. She didn't want him to spend his whole paycheck on the dinner, but she had no idea how much everything cost. She only had twenty dollars in her purse at the moment. "I might need to get some extra cash though," she said as she looked around for the waiter.

"You're not paying for this meal," he said firmly and stood up, coming around the table to take her hand.

She hesitated, still looking around for the waiter. But they had disappeared, leaving the two of them alone in the room. "I can't let you pay for everything," she countered. "Don't we need to wait for the check?" she asked as he started to lead her out of the private dining room.

Zayn waved aside her concerns. "It has been taken care of," he replied, knowing that either one of his security guards or his assistant had already taken care of the bill for dinner. "Let's get some fresh air. There's a pretty park across the street." He almost smiled as his guards heard the comment, knowing that they would dread having him out in the open. If they had their way, he would be stashed away at the palace all the time where they could more easily control security around him. He handed his suit jacket and tie to his guards as they stepped out of the air conditioning and into the damp, humid night air.

They strolled through the trees while Ella asked him more about the pranks he did with his friends, Angelo and Dominic. By the time they had walked back to his limousine, her sides were aching with laughter from all of his crazy stories. Those three had been up to much more than she'd ever imagined.

When they approached the car, she knew that the night was late and it was past time for her to be getting home. "I guess this is the end," she sighed with regret. Her fingers were still resting on his arm and she wanted so badly to move her hand, to explore what might be underneath the expensive fabric, but she kept her fingers still, resisting the urge.

"Come back to my suite. We'll have a glass of brandy and sample some of the desserts that are waiting in the car."

Ella was tempted, but she knew she couldn't be found in his suite. "Thank you very much for the offer, but I can't."

He ran a finger over her jaw gently. "Are you still afraid of your management catching wind of your association with me?" he teased.

She laughed and nodded. "I guarantee that they would not approve."

"I can make sure that they don't cause you any problems," he offered, moving closer. He was relieved when she didn't move back. He liked holding her like this. Perhaps too much.

But she shook her head. "It's late," she sighed. "I have to study tomorrow morning and work the afternoon shift at the hotel."

He knew he should step away. He should just put her into his car and drive her home, not touch her in any way. But there was just something about Ella that wouldn't release him. As he looked down at her, her own eyes looked up and he knew that he wasn't going to just drive her home. There was a look in her eyes, something that told him that she wanted this as much as he did.

When he bent lower, slowly coming down to her level, giving her plenty of opportunity to push him away. He waited, willing her to slap his face and tell him to go to hell. He was ten years older than she was, almost thirty and she wasn't even twenty years old. But that didn't matter right now. She felt perfect in his arms and he couldn't stop when he touched his lips to hers.

At that first touch, Ella knew she was lost. She'd tried very hard to think of Zayn as a friend, to remember that he wasn't from her world anymore, that he should be off limits. But when she felt his lips on hers, she knew that she would die if he stopped. She reached up, her hand touching his cheek, feeling the heat of his skin. The electric shock that rippled through her at that moment was shocking. She rose up on her toes, trying to increase the pressure but she shouldn't have worried about that. At that same moment, his arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her higher, bringing her against his hard, muscular body and she shuddered, needing more. Her body remembered the previous night and ached to feel him like that again, to feel that pleasure, with him, all over again.

She pressed herself against him, heard the odd sounding groan but didn't pay any attention to it. All she wanted was to feel him, to know that he was close and that they would continue doing this until this odd sensation deep in her belly ceased aching so painfully.

Zayn lifted his head and shook it slightly, trying to remember where they were and who she was. "We have to go," he said with a gravelly voice. He took her hand without any other explanation and pulled her along to the limousine. He gently nudged her into the vehicle and followed behind, telling his driver to get them back to her place. The driver took that order seriously and sped off into the night, leaving the decorous, elegant section of Washington, D.C. behind them.

It took less than ten seconds before Zayn knew that he couldn't keep his hands off of her. She sat beside him silently, her fingers tangling together and he pulled her into his arms, relieved when she practically jumped off of the seat onto his lap. Her arms were around him and her body was arching towards his own. He could no more stop himself from kissing Ella than he could extinguish all the stars in the nighttime sky.

The only thing that stopped him was the cooler night air hitting him and he looked up to realize that they were back at her apartment building. He stepped out, then took her hand to help her out as well.

"You're home," he said as he took her hand.

Ella blinked and looked around. Yes, they were back at her apartment and her heart sank. This was the end, she thought sadly. This would be where he politely walked her to her door. He would then drive off into the night and she'd never see him again. She could see the truth in his eyes.

"So it is," she sighed miserably. "I really loved dinner tonight," she said, wishing he would just take her back into his arms and make her feel wonderful again. When he was touching her, kissing her, the world seemed right and sane. There was hope and happiness. But when he stopped, all the darkness and dinginess of her world returned.

"I had a nice night as well," he said and pulled her closer once again, breathing deeply of the soft, sweet, "Ella" scent. There was nothing quite like it and he wanted desperately to bury his face in her hair and kiss her neck, kiss her throat, and move slowly downwards until....

"I'll walk you up to your door," he said, more firmly than he'd intended.

"Thank you," she whispered, painfully conscious of John at his regular spot by the door of Dennis' bar across the street. He watched everything, knew what was happening everywhere.

She waved briefly, then started up the stairs, taking her keys out of her purse along the way.

Zayn walked behind her and just about shouted at the flirty little skirt in front of him on the damn stairs. Did she realize what she was doing? Had she any idea of the invitation that dress had for a man walking behind her? Damn! With every step, that short little cotton thing flipped enticingly, never revealing anything but coming so close he had to restrain himself from touching the backs of her legs, from letting his hands slide up from that flippy little hem so he could explore everything underneath.

When she reached the top step, he couldn't take the allure any longer. Lifting her up, he pinned her against the wall, growling at the surprised expression in those gorgeous eyes of hers. "Did you do that on purpose?" he demanded, his hands moving from her bottom where he was holding her against him, and sliding lower, his dark hand finding her pale, soft skin along her leg. When his fingers discovered her prim, cotton underwear, he just about howled at the moon, his need was so intense.

"Do what?" she gasped, but her mouth dropped open and her head fell backwards. She couldn't believe how erotic it felt to have his hands on her bottom, on the backs of her thighs. She wanted him to move...just a little to the right...but he had other ideas and her hands were gripping his shoulders, her body shifting so that...yes!

Zayn knew exactly what she was doing and almost laughed at how transparent she was in the dim light of the hallway. "Oh no, little one," he growled. "We're not doing it that way tonight." With that statement hanging in the air between them, he grabbed her keys and slid the right one quickly into the lock with one hand. How he managed to pick the correct key with all of them on that keychain, he had no clue but he couldn't stop right now if the whole damn building was burning down.

He carried her into her tiny apartment and slammed the door shut behind him. With her against the wall once more, he shifted his hands, exploring her more slowly, more thoroughly. Her gasps of surprise and excitement were making him more than a little insane. He wanted to be buried inside of her but he couldn't seem to control their movements enough.

"Zayn!" she gasped when he lifted his hand, sliding higher under her dress. His large hand was cupping her bottom now, setting her body on fire. She should be embarrassed by what he was doing, but the fire zipping through her didn't leave any room for embarrassment. She just needed him. She wasn't sure how to appease this need, but it was causing her to ache in very strange places.

"Tell me what you like," he urged. "And where your bed is," he commanded in a more insistent tone of voice.

"Bed is in the sofa," she told him, leaning her head back so he could nibble along her collar bone. "Don't stop. Please," she begged.

"I don't intend to," he said with the same amount of urgency.

He looked around and knew he couldn't get her bed out from the damn sofa one handed. So instead, he sat down with her on his lap, her legs on either side of his hips. This freed up his hands so he could remove the dress. With a flick of a tie and one button, the whole thing just slipped down her shoulders. Since that wasn't good enough, he lifted it up over her head and tossed it to the side. Seeing that white, cotton bra almost made him laugh. She was so sensuous and the white cotton was the antithesis of what he pictured her in, but he couldn't laugh. Not right now anyway. He needed her out of that contraption and his fingers quickly dispenses with the ridiculous garment. He made a mental note to have an entire silk, satin and lace undergarment wardrobe sent over to her.

But then his eyes focused on her, seeing her breasts for the first time. Her eyes were dilated and she started to cover her breasts, but he grabbed her wrists, gently pulling them back so she couldn't hide herself from him. "Don't, please," he commanded with that husky voice that never failed to cause Ella's body to heat up several notches.

She shivered and relaxed her arms. At first, she was nervous but as he continued to stare with a look of reverence in his eyes, she became proud, feeling strong and powerful that she could do this to such a strong man.

Then he kissed her breasts. It was just a slight touch, right on the tip. And Ella gasped, closing her eyes and arching her back for more. She couldn't believe it when he covered her breast with his mouth. Well, of course she knew that this happened, but she never, not even in her wildest dreams, could have imagined the sensation that shot through her body when his hot mouth caressed her nipple in such a manner. It was the oddest, most insane sensation and she grabbed his neck, pressing her breast closer, silently begging him to continue.

When he moved to the next breast, she almost cried until she felt his mouth again and the intensity was even worse. Or better. She wasn't sure. She couldn't be still long enough to figure it out. His hands moved from her back down to her hips, his fingers quickly tearing the cheap cotton away and baring her entire body to his gaze. Then his strong arms lifted her higher. When she felt his mouth on her stomach, she shivered, her fingers splaying in his hair. But when his mouth moved lower, she tried to shift away from him. She couldn't let him do that. Not that!

Ella should have known better. When Zayn wanted something, apparently he didn't let anyone hinder his progress. Not even Ella. So when she started to pull back, to shake her head, he only smiled and moved her higher, his strong arms wrapping around her thighs and holding her exactly where he wanted her and his tongue took control of her body. She writhed in his arms, not sure what was happening, only that she couldn't stop screaming. And when her body splintered apart, a repeat of the previous night but this time, even more intense, even more consuming, she wasn't sure where she was any longer.

And when it was finally all over, when he allowed her to come down in his arms, she just about melted against him. She tried to lift herself up, to put her arms around him and show him how much his efforts meant to her, but she couldn't move. Her body was replete and she just smiled against his neck while his hands moved up and down her back and she listened to his rapid heartbeat under her ear.

"Thank you," she breathed when she was finally able to speak.

In response, he pulled her back and kissed her. Hard. His body wasn't giving her an inch of space or time to relax any longer. And the moment he kissed her, every cell in her body came right back to life. A part of her wanted to push him away, but the bigger part of her, the part that was now in control, sprung back to life, her whole body curling up like a spring, ready for round two.

"I don't think I can do this again," she mumbled as his mouth nibbled her neck.

"I think you can," he countered and his fingers deftly unbuttoned his shirt. "Give me your hand, Ella," he told her.

Ella eagerly pressed her hand against his skin, her eyes fascinated as his chest and shoulders were slowly revealed to her avid gaze. "You're beautiful," she said as her fingers splayed open, her fingertips touching him everywhere. "May I?" she asked but didn't wait for a response as she pulled the rest of his dress shirt out of the waistband of his slacks.

"Please do," he replied and inhaled sharply when he felt her slender, tentative fingers slide downwards, tracing the line of hair that disappeared behind his belt. "More," he told her.

Ella completely agreed and she pushed his shirt off of his shoulders, her mouth following the trail of her hands. But he only allowed her a moment of this pleasant pastime before he shook his head and grabbed her fingers. "I can't take anymore," he told her and shifted their positions. Then froze.

"What's wrong?" she asked, worried by the startled expression in his eyes.

"I don't have any protection," he groaned. He'd purposely left the suite without anything because he didn't want this to happen. "We can't do this."

Ella shivered, but smiled when she remembered the packets Dennis had given her when she'd first moved into this apartment. "Yes," she sighed happily. With a swift move, she leaned to the side and reached into the drawer in the side table, pulling out the line of foil packets. "Dennis gave me these, just in case."

Zayn almost laughed, but his relief was too intense. Instead, he grabbed the packets, tore one off and lifted Ella into his arms, reversing their positions quickly so she was underneath him. He cursed the tiny sofa but couldn't stop himself. Tearing open the packet, he quickly stood up and undressed, unconcerned with where his clothes landed as he stared down at Ella looking like a goddess with her hair flying out behind her, a rosy blush to her cheeks and her breasts as she saw a man fully naked for the first time in her life. At least in real life, he told himself.

With a need he didn't completely understand, he came back to her, pulling her close around him and reveling in how perfectly it felt when she touched him. When her hand once again followed the path of the dark line, he couldn't take it any longer. He grabbed her hand and held it above her head while his other hand positioned her hips. With a gentle thrust, he pushed into her, careful to watch her face so he could see if he hurt her. But there was only bliss on her face and, amazingly, it made his body harder, more desperate to be inside of her.

When he reached her barrier, he looked down at her. Gathering her close, he said, "I'm sorry, Ella," a moment before he pushed through. There was only a small gasp before she wiggled her hips.

"Don't!" he told her firmly, trying to be still so she could acclimatize herself to his invasion.

"Why not?" she asked, biting her lip to keep herself from shifting. If he wanted her to be still, she could do it. At least for a few more moments.

"Because you're sore," he came back, gritting his teeth against the need to move, to feel that incredible friction of her tight core around him.

She quickly shook her head, "I'm not sore at all. Please Zayn. Don't make me be still," she cried out, arching her back but keeping her hips as still as possible. "I don't think I can!" she was about to start crying, so desperate to feel him move inside of her. That horrible ache was back and she didn't like it. She couldn't handle it. She needed to appease that ache, to do something to get rid of it and her whole body was telling her that moving would help.

Zayn looked down at her, at her flushed cheeks and just about climaxed at how perfectly sexy she looked. Her tiny body was straining, trying to do what he wanted but he could tell that she needed exactly what he needed. To move.

"Ah...Ella," he sighed and shifted his hips. He put one arm under the small of her back and the other arm was braced above her head against the arm of the love seat. He had no idea where his legs were but he knew that he couldn't remain still like this a moment longer. He slowly pulled almost all the way out of her, then pushed into her hot depths. Over and over again his body moved, shifted, plummeted into her heat and he watched as she came closer and closer. He knew the instant she was about to fall over the cliff and he wouldn't let her hold back. Shifting ever so slightly, he moved out of her and then quickly back in, taking her over. When he felt her whole body climax around him, her cries of pleasure screaming out through the night air, he couldn't hold back any longer. He let himself go, pounding into her over and over again as he too reached that point where thought and feeling were meshed into one, pulsating, incredible orgasm.

Ella had no concept of time. It was only breathing. One breath after another. Initially fast, erratic and then slower and slower until finally, her breathing was back to normal. That might have taken minutes or hours, she had no idea.

She felt Zayn shift, knew he'd lifted her into his arms. With her feet barely on the floor, she felt Zayn hold her gently against his side as he tossed the pillows off of her love seat. A moment later, he lifted her again, placing her in the middle of the tiny bed.

"I'm getting you a new apartment with a bigger bed!" was the last thing she heard before he covered her mouth with his. And the whole process started over again in all its mind-boggling intensity.

Chapter 3

Ella woke the following morning alone but with a huge smile on her face. She pulled the sheet closer, stretching her legs and finding that she was sore in places she hadn't known existed before the previous night. She'd heard Zayn leave that morning. Apparently there was some sort of emergency he needed to attend to. He promised he'd be back.

She pushed one of the pillows behind her head and sighed with happiness. Zayn was the most incredible lover, she thought with a silly grin on her face. The sun was bright over the horizon and she glanced at the clock. Then with a gasp, sat up straight. It was almost noon! She was supposed to be on duty at the hotel by two this afternoon. That left her barely any time to get ready. For a normal person, she supposed that two hours was enough time, but she had the public transportation system to deal with and that made her commute almost an hour and a half during some periods of the day.

She threw the sheet off of her and raced to her tiny bathroom. She smiled as she washed the stickiness away, remembering the intimacy of the night before. She couldn't believe all the things she and Zayn had done and felt herself blushing as she thought of what she'd done to him the previous night. Or maybe it had been morning already?

She had no idea, she thought as she jumped out of the shower and dried off. She pulled on her uniform as quickly as possible, stuffing her makeup bag in her purse and rushing out the door. She'd have to do her hair and makeup on the bus and hope there weren't too many potholes.

She arrived at the hotel with five minutes to spare, still smiling despite the oppressive heat and humidity that made a person sweat just by sitting still. The employee locker rooms were air conditioned, but not nearly as efficiently as the main areas of the hotel so she rushed through her check in process so she could get to the front desk and cool off a few moments before she needed to present herself to the guests.

She was fanning herself just outside the front lobby doorway when her manager, Mr. Tillsdale, came up behind her. His nasally voice called to her. "Ms. Conner, please come with me," he said. He didn't wait for her to turn around but disappeared into his office.

Ella looked at the front desk area, then towards Mr. Tillsdale's office. With a sigh of resignation, she followed the odious, irritating man into his office. She wasn't nervous because she didn't think she'd done anything wrong. But a lecture about something was coming her way. Mr. Tillsdale never brought an employee into his office without lecturing about one thing or another.

"Yes, Mr. Tillsdale?" she inquired as soon as she was standing in front of his desk. She tried very hard to appear at least nominally respectful, but since the man was a lazy snob and bullied everyone else to do his job for him, she had trouble appearing in that manner.

He looked as if he were delighted by whatever it was he was going to say. That look caused Ella's stomach to clench with anxiety. Nothing good could happen if Mr. Tillsdale was happy.

"I'm afraid your services are no longer required. Please turn in your badge and clear out your locker immediately."

Ella stood there, stunned. "Excuse me?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper since she was having problems getting the words past her lips.

"You violated the hotel's policy of fraternizing with the guests."

She shook her head, her mind reeling until she remembered two days ago when Zayn had asked her to sit down and have coffee with him. "I'm sorry sir, I told Zayn...I mean, Mr. Sarkis that I couldn't sit with him. He insisted but I politely excused myself. I might have been sitting on the sofa for perhaps thirty seconds. I certainly did not fraternize with him."

Mr. Tillsdale puffed himself up higher, his face turning an odd shade of red. "You will address him in an appropriate manner, or not at all. And I was not aware of that particular infraction, Ms. Conner." He took a deep breath and turned a picture around on his desk.

Ella looked down and saw her face. The picture had been taken last night and showed her smiling up into Zayn's handsome face. She must have said something amusing because he was almost laughing down at her. "I can explain," she said, the panic welling up inside of her. This wasn't a thirty second conversation during one of her room checks. This was an obvious violation.

The manager shook his head and raised his hands, palms out. "I don't believe that explanations are in order, Ms. Conner. Please don't make a scene. The rules were explained to you in great detail and the consequences as well. You were told at the beginning of your employment here that rudeness and fraternization would not be tolerated. Both are considered grounds for immediate termination."

Ella knew this. It had been drilled into all the employees from the very first day of employment. Theft was also one of the top three but fraternization was one that didn't need to be proven by law enforcement. And the picture was pretty damming, she knew. She was in the man's arms! There wasn't really any way to argue that she wasn't fraternizing when even the picture looked like they were about to do something more than just stand there in each other's arms.

"Yes, Mr. Tillsdale," she said softly. Turning around, she fought the tears that were welling up in her eyes. It was hard but she finally made it to the employee locker room. She was grateful that most of the people who were about to go on their shift had already left while the people who were coming off at two o'clock hadn't yet made it down here. She grabbed her purse and stuffed all of the contents of her locker into the bag, uncaring if the items were stuffed willy-nilly. Her priority was to get out of there as quickly as possible, to avoid the humiliation of her friends and co-workers knowing what she'd done.

She reached the bus stop but had to wait more than twenty minutes before the next bus came. In rush hour, the buses came more often but in the middle of the afternoon, they were few and far between. When it finally arrived, Ella was hot and miserable not to mention unable to stop the tears from falling down her cheeks. She didn't know what she was going to do. Her rent was due and she had what she needed for the next few weeks, but jobs were extremely difficult to come by. Besides, she'd had to lie to get that one. Who was going to hire her now? She didn't have a reference, she was only eighteen years old and she had done something horrible.

Two hours later, she was climbing the stairs to her apartment, her heart breaking and fear clogging her throat as she tried to figure out what she was going to do to pay her rent next month. She had to find a job. Fast!

Just as she was unlocking her door, the building manager came out of her downstairs apartment, curlers in her hair and a flowered house-coat covering whatever might be underneath. She even wore slippers that, at one point might have been fluffy but now, Ella couldn't even determine their original color.

"Missy!" she called out, her elderly voice obviously furious about something. Since Ella hadn't done anything to Ms. Z, she wasn't sure why the woman would be so angry.

"Yes?" she asked, sniffing in the tears and trying to appear composed even though she suspected that she looked a mess.

"You know the rules. Three noise complaints and you're out! Gone! I'll expect you to pack up your things and find a new place to live before the end of the month since we received three complaints all last night!" The lady huffed and puffed, her disgust for Ella's activities apparent. "I have no idea what you and that man were doing in your apartment that caused so much commotion, but it will not happen again. This is a respectable establishment. I don't allow prostitution under any circumstances!"

Ella gasped. "I am not a prostitute!"

Ms. Z waved her knobby finger in Ella's direction. "Don't even try it! I saw the limousine parked out front last night. It was there for hours! With all the money you made servicing that guy, you can damn well find a different place to live!" Ms. Z turned around and waddled back into her apartment, mumbling under her breath, "Knew the girl was no good right from the start!" before she closed the door on Ella's horrified expression.

Ella had no idea how long she stood on that stairwell. But the next thing she knew, Dorothy was helping her up off the stoop, helping her into her apartment and tut-tutting around the small space. Ella just sat at her tiny kitchen table while Dorothy heated up a bowl of soup and put out some crackers.

"Don't let them get to you, Ella," Dorothy said with heat. "Tell me what happened."

Through unrelenting tears and numb lips, Ella related her entire day, starting with being fired and ending with being evicted. Dorothy shook her head and clasped her hands in hers. "Okay, so you'll move in with me and we'll work something out," she said softly. Dorothy reached over and clasped Ella's hand. "We'll get through this, okay?"

Ella bowed her head in shame. She couldn't say anything more, just hoping and praying that Dorothy was right.

The next month was a whirl of crazy activity. Somehow, Ella found herself moved in with Dorothy. She slept in the woman's basement and watched the kids in the afternoon so Dorothy's husband could get extra shifts in the evening. That gave them all some much needed cash. Ella continued to work at Dennis' place and laughed at how horrified Ms. Z was when she wasn't allowed in any of the stores along the street any longer. The mean, nosy woman had to walk three blocks, just to get groceries. Dennis had spread the word about what the old woman had done to Ella and all of the neighborhood stores were up in arms. Ella had helped out too many of the store owners while Ms. Z was one of those mean spirited women that no one liked. Apparently, all the other store owners were just looking for an excuse to ban the horrible woman from their premises and Ella's eviction was a good enough reason for most of them.

The real problem came though when Ella sat down one Saturday and looked at the calendar. She'd finished her semester at school and Dorothy had convinced her not to look for another job. Since not working so many hours enabled Ella to study more at school, she eagerly accepted the role of nanny for Dorothy's family, not even minding the cramped space in their basement. It was actually bigger than her old apartment. No, the problem wasn't the lack of space. Or even the non-existent privacy. It was that she was now three weeks late. And Ella was never, ever late.

Chapter 4

Zayn ran his hands through his hair in frustration. "What the hell do you mean, you can't find her? She worked at the front desk of the hotel we stayed in. She was one of the most visible women in the hotel!"

Zayn's chief of security shook his head. "I'm sorry, Your Highness. Ms. Conner was terminated from the hotel's employment the day we returned from Washington, D.C."

Zayn's chest constricted at that news. He'd been looking for Ella for weeks now and no one had been able to find her anywhere. "So she's working somewhere else! She has to be. She's going to school, she's an independent woman, she'd never just go off and leave her responsibilities. She had rent to pay, school fees to pay."

The chief looked down at his shoes, worried about passing along the next piece of information. "Apparently, she was evicted the same day, Your Highness." And then the man cringed. In the past, men had lost their heads over news like this. That wasn't just a euphemism. Literally, their heads rolled onto the marble floor.

Zayn took a deep breath, trying to control the worry that was threatening. His Ella was out there, hurt and scared. He had to find her! It was all his fault and he had to fix this not to mention he wanted her back in his arms. "Then track her whereabouts through her employment records. She has to be working somewhere."

The man shifted uncomfortably. "We've already called in favors with our contacts at the Internal Revenue Service. If she's working somewhere, it is off the books. There is no official record of her anywhere. There are no rental applications that have been submitted either, although we're continuing to interview people she might have worked with to find her whereabouts."

Zayn ran a hand through his hair in frustration, trying to give his chief of security something else that would help find Ella. "There was a man across the street from her. A bar owner or something. The man looked out for Ella. He'd know where she was. I'm sure of it. Just talk to him." Zayn was starting to worry. Had something happened to her? He'd left her in the morning but by that evening, she'd simply disappeared. Her landlady had been no help and now he knew why. Her employer had simply stated that she was no longer employed although he had no clue why they had terminated her services.

"Do you know why she was fired and evicted?"

Again, the chief shuffled his feet, worried about the answer to his ruler's question. "Well, there seems to have been pictures."

Zayn swallowed painfully. "Pictures?" he repeated, his mind going through all that he and Ella had shared. If someone had taken pictures of his Ella that were in any way hurtful, he would hound that person until they were wiped out. "What kind of pictures?"

"That second night. When you and Ms. Conner were walking in the park, one of the paparazzi caught the two of you and snapped some photos. Our team found him quickly and removed the pictures so they never hit the tabloid circuit, but they found their way to the hotel manager somehow. He used those pictures as justification for terminating her employment."

Zayn was dumbfounded. "Why would they care about a picture of me and Ella in the park?" he demanded, his anger rising as he started to realize that he was the cause of Ella's termination. He hated the idea of hurting her, even inadvertently, but he had to hear all of it.

The chief took a deep breath before continuing. "There is a strict policy at that particular hotel, and many of the other high end hotels, to not allow any sort of fraternization with the hotel guests."

Zayn felt like he wanted to punch someone. "And?" he asked, his hands on his hips as he braced for the rest of it.

"Well, she was also evicted because of the noise created by...." The chief agonized over how to explain this debacle without being too obvious. In the end, there was no way around it. "Noise, Your Highness," he finally finished, his face turning red with embarrassment.

Zayn was dumbfounded. "Noise? Ella is never noisy. She's quiet as a mouse!"

And then Zayn remembered their one night together. She hadn't been mousy in any way that night. Just thinking about her responses made his body harden with need. "It was because of..."

"Yes, Your Highness," the chief said, trying to contain his own reddened cheeks.

Zayn sighed, his shoulders showing his defeat. "I understand," he said, furious with himself for doing this to Ella. Of all the people he could have hurt, Ella didn't deserve it. It didn't matter that he hadn't realized what he was doing. The result was the same.

Regrouping quickly, he looked down at his security chief. "So how are you going to find her?" he demanded, trying to rein in his fury and desperation. He had to find her quickly, to help her out and fix what he'd done to her. He couldn't let her go on like this. She was young, unemployed and homeless according to his chief.

"We're running into road blocks," the man was saying. "Everyone we talk to from her neighborhood acknowledges that they know Ms. Conner, but they won't say anything else about her. No one will give up her whereabouts even when we try and assure them that we're not going to harm her. It's confounding sir. I've never known an entire neighborhood that would protect someone so completely."

Zayn almost laughed at the other man's frustration. And it eased his frustration somewhat that Ella was at least being taken care of by her neighbors. It should be him though. He could take care of her better than all of them. He just needed to convince them of that, reassure them that he only wanted to overwhelm her with luxuries and never hurt her again.

"Do what you need to. Let me know what you need," he explained as he stared out the window of his office. The view in front of him was astounding, but he wasn't seeing the mountains in the distance, or the beautiful, well-laid out city beneath him. All he saw was Ella's smiling face, her shining eyes and her sweet laughter. "Consider this state business, but all expenses come out of my personal account." He made a snap decision and turned his back on the view as he faced his chief of security. "We've lost my future wife," he said, letting his security head understand the dire situation. "You should treat this as if she were my wife."

The man's eyes widened and his shoulders straightened. The message was loud and clear. Find Ella Cooper so their ruler can marry her. And he would only marry this one woman, so the search needed to be intensified.

Chapter 5

Six Years Later

Ella sighed and pushed her dark brown hair out of her eyes, glancing at her watch to see how much longer until she was finished for the day. There was still a long line of guests ready to check in for the night so she might be late again. She certainly hoped not. She didn't want to be late to pick up Max.

She laughed silently at the memory of his adorable smile this morning. He'd been singing a song, one of those ear-worm songs that got into one's head and wouldn't leave for the whole day. He'd been humming it during breakfast and she'd told him to stop. Several times she'd admonished him, but he'd just stop, wait until she was turned around, distracted in getting ready for work, and would start again. He sang just low enough that she could hear it, but it wasn't something that was an immediate part of her consciousness. When she realized what he was doing, she spun around and ordered him to stop once again.

By the time he'd done it three times, she'd given up, lifted him out of his breakfast chair and tickled him on the sofa until he was gasping for breath because of his giggles.

The little guy had gotten in the last word though. She was hugging him one last time after dropping him off at first grade when he'd called up to her with his arms still wrapped around her waist.

She knew he was up to something when she saw that grin. He was such a handsome little devil. And so smart it scared her sometimes. But that grin was always the precursor to something that he'd thought up in his creative, mercurial little mind.

She stiffened, waiting patiently for a split second. Then groaned when he started singing, "And Bingo was his Name-Oh!" The little tike knew that he was in trouble so he raced into his classroom and surrounded himself with his classmates, giggling to himself as he shoved his books into his desk.

Ella glared at him for maybe two seconds before she burst into laughter. The problem with disciplining a guy as sweet and cute as Max was that she had to be stern. But he was so smart and ingenious, it was very hard to be stern with him. Besides, she just loved spending time with him and every moment seemed like a precious gift.

Her manager stopped behind her, touching her shoulder. "You're doing great," James said, snapping her out of her thoughts.

James was her manager, but also her boyfriend. They'd been dating now for six months and she really liked him. He was a very kind man and she knew that he would be a good father for Max.

She'd been very protective of Max over the years. She didn't date often and she'd vowed never introduced her son to the men in her life. It wasn't a big problem since she was generally too tired most days to date. But she was thinking that James might be different.

Even James had been pestering her to meet Max but was this relationship really what she wanted? She didn't have much to compare it to. Only two, frantic, passion filled nights six years ago with Max's father and then a few insignificant kisses with men over the years.

Was she asking for too much with James? She didn't want the passion that she'd shared with Zayn. That had been a monumental mess to dig herself out of. She'd gotten Max, who was wonderful, but it had been a desperately hard struggle over the years to keep a roof over their heads and food on the table.

So passion was definitely out. Not that she'd experienced even a fraction of that passion with anyone else she'd dated over the years, but she wasn't looking for that.

Companionship? Was that enough? She definitely had that with James. He was good company, they laughed together when they went out to lunch, he respected her relationship with Max and her need to keep him safe from random men that probably wouldn't stay in her life.

When there was a break between guests, James walked behind her, pretending to work next to her as he said, "Think you could meet me for lunch today?" he asked softly.

Ella smiled slightly. "Sure. I don't have any plans."

"Great," he replied and moved off towards his office.

She watched him walk away then cursed herself when her mind compared his slender frame to another man's tall, muscular physique. She hated that she found James lacking. He was a good, solid friend and a kind gentleman. Why couldn't she just fall in love with him? She knew that he would propose if she gave him even the slightest indication that she was interested.

Why was she holding back?

She shook her head as she welcomed the next guest, helping the couple through the check-in process as quickly as possible. She had to thank Max for getting her through the rest of the afternoon. His adorable smile and mischievous ways helped her smile through the day. Just thinking about him made her want to laugh or chuckle.

Zayn cursed as he walked through the hotel. Every time he came to this city, he ordered his staff to look for her, find some clue as to where she might have gone. Zayn was determined each time to finally find Ella. Over and over throughout the years, he'd thought about her, wondered where she was, what had happened to her. And he'd prayed that she was okay. That she hadn't fallen into bad times and been killed, raped or forced into an occupation that would demoralize her.

He'd had an emergency that night so he hadn't been able to stay and kiss her good morning. By the time the emergency had been resolved, he'd sent one of his men to find her but she'd already been gone from both her job and her apartment with no clue as to her whereabouts.

He sighed and walked through the hotel towards his next meeting. He had things to do and he shouldn't spend time fruitlessly searching for a doe-eyed beauty with lush curves and a smile that could light up the room. There were plenty of women out there, he told himself, echoing the words of his advisors who were constantly urging him to find a woman to marry. It had been six years since he'd seen Ella, it was time to move on. Unfortunately each time he'd tried to picture another woman as his wife, the picture of Ella's green eyed beauty came to his mind and the woman on his arm simply left him cold.

Chapter 6

Zayn looked to the right, seeing the brunette out of the corner of his eye. So many times over the past six years he'd turned his head, hoping to see Ella but it had always been another woman. He was tired of looking for her now, wanting to see her, desperate to find her but frustrated with the fruitless efforts to date.

But when he turned, his eyes focused and he almost punched the wall beside him, unknowing that it was actually one of his aides. He restrained himself, but just barely.

Because the woman he was looking at was smiling up at a man in a dark suit, her eyes blatantly flirting with the older man and laughing at whatever he was telling her.

The fury that pounded through him was all-consuming and heated his blood. The only other feeling he could say was similar was the first time he'd kissed her. And anytime he'd touched her or she'd touched him.

Of course, he hadn't wanted to punch her but the explosion of feelings had been the same.

Damn her! He'd been trying to get her out of his mind for six, long years and here she was, looking more beautiful now than he remembered possible. She was obviously older but the years had been more than kind. She looked....perfect, he thought with a surge of lust so strong it almost resembled the jealousy he'd just experienced.

He turned, heading down the same hallway she'd gone down a moment before, unconcerned about his security detail trying to figure out what was going on. He didn't care about the meeting he was supposed to attend, or the mission for his current trip, or even the frantic whispers of his security guards as they tried to anticipate where he would go next or why he was even deviating from their set path.

His eyes were on Ella. On getting to her before she disappeared again.

When she started to push open a steel door, he grabbed her by the waist and hauled her into a nearby corridor, only vaguely aware that it was empty.

"What the..." Ella gasped, her hands grabbing onto the steel band that had wrapped around her waist. She was just about to scream when she realized who was holding her. "Zayn?" she gasped out loud.

Zayn didn't even bother to answer her. There was a brief moment of recognition followed by a thrill, but he didn't stop and wait for any other emotion to cross her beautiful face. He pulled her up, pressing her back against the wall while his body pressed against her, pulling her closer, his mouth covering hers and absorbing whatever she'd been about to say. He didn't want to hear her words of explanation for the other man. He didn't even want to know where she'd been all these years. Well, yes, he would demand an answer to that soon. Right now, all he wanted was this. As he kissed her, she initially resisted. But he'd had one full, incredible night with her and he shifted slightly, his hands moving to her back, holding her hips just so and with that one touch, that one shift of his body, she melted against him.

And gone were his hopes that he'd been imagining her response. Gone was the possibility that their one night together had been a fluke.

More importantly, gone was the possibility that he would ever let her out of his protection again until he had her out of his system. He'd lost her once and she'd haunted his dreams, feeding his need and making all other women pale in comparison. Feeling her soft lips opening to him, her hands in his hair and her tongue mating with his, driving him wild with need, he knew that he would have this woman. Tonight!

He pulled back slightly, noticing that both of them were breathing heavily but he didn't care. His hands were under her silk shirt and he was feeling her softness, feeling her whole body vibrate against his. "Come with me," he growled.

He lowered her to the floor, keeping his hands on her waist until he knew she was steady. But the moment her eyes cleared of the sexual fog, he grabbed her hand and pulled her along down the corridor once more, heading to the penthouse suite where he would pull her into his bedroom and keep her naked until neither one of them could speak any longer.

Ella realized she was already halfway down the employee hallway, her hand in Zayn's and he was pulling her in the wrong direction. Why was he pulling her anywhere? Why was she letting him even touch her?

She yanked her hand out of his, pulling back and taking several steps out of his reach. She looked around and noticed the other men, all of them big and bulky and her fear almost choked her. "I'll scream," she whispered. "What's going on here?" she demanded, trying to get her back against the wall so that she wasn't feeling surrounded.

Zayn realized that she was nervous of his security detail and nodded to the captain, silently indicating that they should pull away.

When they were alone once again, the guards looking out into the hallway at strategic points, he moved in closer to her, almost laughing when she put a hand up to stop him. He took that defensive hand and held it against his chest, moving it against his body and enjoying the way her eyes almost closed with the bliss of their touch.

"Don't do that," she gasped, suddenly wanting to pull her hand away, but his grip was strong. And her fingers were finally touching his muscular chest, feeling the heat and reveling in it. "Get away from me."

"You don't really mean that," he said and pulled her hand lower, wrapping her arm around his waist. He leaned one hand against the wall, one large hand plastered over her head while he bent down low, breathing in her soft, feminine scent. "You want me to carry you off to my room just as badly as I need to do that too."

"No!" she gasped but couldn't stop the need that sparked through her entire being. She shook her head, gritting her teeth against the temptation, refusing to give in to it. "Leave me alone. You've been gone for more than six years. I don't need you anymore."

"Yes. You do," he countered softly. "We both need each other and that kiss just proved it to both of us."

She shook her head frantically, her mind remembering how quickly their touch could degenerate into a lust so intense that she'd made love to this man on a love seat! "That kiss wasn't anything."

He smiled subtly, eager to take on her challenge and prove her wrong. "Do I need to prove it again?"

"No!" she cringed. She had to think quickly, come up with some excuse so he wouldn't think she was easy. She'd slept with him on their second date two years ago and the results had almost been disastrous. "I thought you were someone else a few minutes ago. I thought it was James kissing me which is why I reacted so strongly." She lifted her head, daring him to challenge her lie. "I thought you were my boyfriend. We're getting married and I thought he'd just..."

"You're lying," he growled, coming in closer. The idea of another man touching his Ella, the woman he'd been trying to find for the past six years, infuriated him. "You knew exactly who was holding you, who was kissing you. Don't you dare deny it or I'll prove it once again."

When he started to do just that, and her body actually leaned forward to anticipate his kiss, she braced herself and forced her mind to intervene despite her body's desperate need to feel his kiss once more. "Stop!" she begged, closing her eyes and leaning her head against the wall. She needed space and wisdom, two things that were in short supply right at the moment.

Zayn shifted once again, his body just close enough to make her gasp in surprise. And need. "Are you going to lie to me again?"

She licked her lips, trying to figure out how to get out of this mess. She couldn't let herself fall into his arms again. He'd disappeared on her twice, neither time with any word or any explanation. The first time, she'd gone about her business, learned to stand up for herself. The second time had been harder. She'd had so much more to deal with the second time he'd disappeared and she couldn't go through that again. She couldn't put Max through it either. She owed her little son so much more than just falling into bed with this man.

With as much willpower as she could muster, she jerked away.

"Leave me alone!" she snapped and jerked out of his arms. She stepped away from him, trying to control her breathing as she looked around. "Why are you here?' she demanded, smoothing down her hair and her blouse, tucking it back into the waistband of her slacks. She looked up at him, then down at his immaculate suit, obviously tailor-made to fit his enormous frame.

"I have meetings here in Washington."

She blinked and tried to take a deep breath, but with him standing so close, it was hard. She fisted her hands at her side, determined to keep from touching him. She would not, absolutely would not fall into bed with him again. "Why aren't you at the other hotel? The one you stayed in the last time?" She'd been working here for a year now and she didn't like him coming even close to her personal or professional life. The last time he'd come into her life, she'd lost her job, her home, such as it was, and had found herself pregnant. She wouldn't trade Max for anything, but Zayn had disappeared at a time when she was vulnerable and scared, when she'd desperately needed him. She didn't know where he'd gone or even how to contact him to give him the news about his son. Zayn was no longer allowed in her life.

He moved closer, shoving his hands into his pockets as he looked down at her, holding her in place without touching her even though he wanted to skim his fingertips over her cheek, smooth out her hair and...

"Is that why you left that hotel?" he asked softly. "So we wouldn't run into each other again?" Had his team gotten it wrong about the pictures and her being fired for fraternization? It seemed much more likely that Ella had gone somewhere to protect herself from him.

She inhaled sharply. "Are you kidding me? I always thought you were such a nice man, so kind and considerate." She glared at him as she thought about all he'd put her through the last time. How dare he stand there like that and say such a thing!

"And now?"

She pulled her eyes away from him and suddenly realized what he'd done to her appearance. Her silk shirt was pulled out from the waistband of her skirt and her jacket was askew. She suspected that it was pretty obvious what he'd just done to her. She quickly buttoned her jacket, truly ashamed that she'd let him make her look so disheveled. "And now, I think you're a horrible human being who thinks only of his own pleasures, never even considering the chaos you might leave behind." She closed her eyes and took a long, deep breath. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have things to do and some place to be. I don't ever want to see you again," she said stiffly.

She turned around and walked back through the door she'd been trying to get through before. Zayn watched her leave, admiring her spunk but never even considering the idea that he would let her get away again. Before she turned the corner in the employee area, he signaled to one of his guards, silently indicating that he should follow her. "Don't lose her," he commanded dangerously, the threat obvious.

He turned around and looked for Ali, the head of his security detail. "Find out anything you can on her. Where she lives, how long she's been working here. I can't believe your team didn't turn up her employment here," he snapped and walked back down the hallway. He was angrier than he'd ever been in his life except for the one day when he was eighteen years old and he'd been ripped out of his previous life and dumped into his new one.

He'd hated his father for so long. First for abandoning his mother and leaving her to the cruel world, and secondly for coming back for him right when he was starting to really learn how to make it alone in the world. He'd been so furious about his father's command that he learn to rule Tusain that he hadn't spoken to anyone for two weeks. It had taken him that long to finally get in touch with Angelo and Dominic. If it weren't for the two of them, he might still be fighting the fate that had killed his two older, unknown half-brothers and made him heir to the throne. He hadn't wanted it then and now, watching the woman he'd been dreaming about for six years walk away from him, he once again resented the responsibilities that had been put on his shoulders.

He had to take a deep breath and remember the people of Tusain. They deserved better than this. His adopted country had been through a lot and he'd worked hard over the past sixteen years to get it back to health. He wouldn't let them down. But nor would he allow Ella to walk out of his life. He remembered the passion they had shared and it had never been matched, not even close, by any woman since.

His advisors were more than a little anxious, arguing with him almost constantly now to find a wife, to provide Tusain with an heir. He'd simply ignored their pleas, still determined to find Ella.

With a sigh, he walked back to the lobby and turned to the right, walking directly into the meeting that was already underway.

He took his seat at the head table, ignoring the curious glances of the other heads of state as he pretended to focus on the debate going on around him. At this moment, he couldn't care less about the debate. He was more interested in figuring out Ella's last words. Now that she wasn't in his sight distracting him, he wondered what chaos he might have left behind. Had something happened after he'd left? Was there more to the story? He remembered that she'd been fired about a picture of the two of them but he didn't know the details of that termination. And she'd also been evicted. He'd worried about her, anxious that she was homeless and unemployed.

But she looked fabulous! Even better than before. He'd often wondered over the years if his memory had given him an altered picture of just how lovely she was but in reality, his memory had done the exact opposite. She was even more alluring than he remembered.

And even better, had she actually been looking for him? Perhaps he wasn't the only one who had been resentful of the quick departure he'd had to make the last time they'd been together.

His attention was drawn back to the speaker, to the announcement of his name and the initiative his country was sponsoring. Amid the applause and the standing ovation, Zayn heard the clanging in the background. It sounded like an enormous pile of pots had just been dropped in the kitchen followed by an entire tray of glasses. He wasn't sure, but he thought he heard an outraged, "Are you kidding me!" sprinkled in among the noise as well.

He focused most of his attention on the crowd, on the speech that was even now moving along the teleprompters but a part of his mind was focusing on the doors to the left where the kitchen staff entered and exited the elegant ballroom filled with the leaders of the world. That's where the noise had originated and he even saw several of his security guards along with a few more secret service agents hurry in that direction as well. He almost smiled when he acknowledged that the chaos was probably cause by none other than his little Ella.

He finished his speech, ending it with a bow to acknowledge the enthusiastic applause as well as another standing ovation. He had to stay and listen to the various world leaders as they approached but he nodded to his aide, letting him know that the questions and answers had to end quickly.

There was a dinner scheduled for the evening and he needed to attend, but after that, he was free to pursue the little woman who probably had just discovered who he was.

He shook hands, debated mildly with some of the attendees and went through all the motions. But by the time the dinner was finished, he was more than ready to get out of there and find his Ella. With a look from his chief of security, he knew that everything was in place.

As he walked down the back hallways, he focused all of his energy on coming up with what he was going to do to Ella as soon as she was in his arms again. The thought of spanking the dear woman for putting him through six years of waiting occurred to him. But then he dismissed the idea. He wanted her too painfully and he didn't want to start off this time with anger. He didn't want to start their new life together with angry or resentful words. He just wanted her in his arms again.

Of course, he felt her deep down inside of him. So deep he hadn't been able to pry her smile and those vivacious green eyes out of his mind.

This time would be different from their last encounter. He'd get to her this time and he wouldn't let her out of bed until they'd both found the relief that they'd obviously been craving. He knew she felt it too. She might be dating that dough boy manager but there was no way she felt anything close to what she felt for him. That one kiss in the hallway proved it beyond doubt.

He determined that he would use every bit of his expertise to get her back into his bed, back into his life.

Chapter 7

Ella paced back and forth, her anger taking over now that she was alone. Her apartment wasn't big enough for her fury though. The cramped space made it hard for her to really work up a good pacing path.

"Sheik!" she hissed, trying to keep quiet because Max had finally fallen asleep. "How dare he!" she punched the throw pillow she'd been clenching in her arms. "What an absolute jerk! And to think, I'd felt bad for him, assuming he'd just gone to jail for some petty crime he'd committed all those years ago. When in reality, he was whipping up a good time with all of his lusty harem women in Tusain!"

She couldn't believe how stupid she'd been! How gullible! She'd been such an idiot!

She heard Max sigh in his sleep. She peeked in on him, looking down at the single bed in the only bedroom. Some of her temper suddenly dissipated as her heart filled with love for this little man. He was only five years old, but he was precious and had made her life fuller than she'd ever thought possible.

Closing his door, she took the three steps back to her worn out sofa and slumped down onto the cushions.

Looking around, she wished she could do better for Max. Her own mother had been a single mother, barely scraping by each month. She'd worked hard jobs that had exhausted her by the end of each day. But she always had a smile on her face, never complaining about their situation. Her mother had wanted a different life for Ella and had worked so hard to push Ella to get a better education, to learn everything she could so Ella wouldn't have to deal with the low-wage jobs and abusive bosses like she'd endured.

Life wasn't so bad, Ella thought with a small smile. She and Max didn't live in a horrible section of the city. They had a decent apartment, although it was small. They had air conditioning in the summer which had been non-existent when Ella had been growing up. And they had plenty of heat in the winter. They had a strong circle of friends who helped everyone out and things weren't too tough.

So what if she was in the same position her mother had been in! Things would be different for Max. First of all, she almost had her degree. It had taken her lots of nights and lost precious sleep, but she'd gotten through it and might even graduate with honors. She had half a semester to go and she'd have that degree. After that, she'd get a promotion at the hotel with that degree, she hoped. That would mean more money and more freedom for her and Max. She'd already started putting money away for his own college education. She vowed that he wouldn't be in the same position she currently was in, trying to finish school and scrape enough money together for tuition. It wasn't much, but by the time he was actually ready to go to college she'd have....okay so she'd have one semester's tuition paid for him at this rate. But at least it was something!

Stuffing the throw pillow under her chin, she looked around the neat, tidy little apartment. It was better than what she'd lived in growing up and the neighborhood wasn't nearly as bad. It was actually a very quaint neighborhood with lots of friends who looked out for Max as well as herself. And she looked out for them too. It was a community!

The knock on the door startled her and she looked at the clock. Who in the world would be knocking at ten o'clock at night? Surely not one of her neighbors. They all knew she woke up about five o'clock in the morning, they wouldn't disturb her for anything less than an emergency.

With that thought in mind, she jumped up, racing to the door. She didn't even bother to look through the security hole before she flung the door open.

She stood there, staring at the extremely large figure standing in the doorway, her mind not believing what her mind was telling her. It was impossible, she told herself. "You!" she snapped when her mind finally realized that Zayn himself was standing there, looking down at her with both curiosity and amusement.

"And it's also you," he replied, his whole body relaxed now that she was here, in front of him and safe. "Good evening, Ella. It's been a long time." When she tried to slam the door in his face, he simply put his palm to the door and pressed it back open, stepping into her apartment before closing the door behind him.

"So this is where you live?" he asked, his eyes taking in the tiny space she called home. There was a bookcase along one wall and a sofa, but other than that, there wasn't much other furniture besides an old chest that was used as a coffee table. "It's very cozy."

"Thank you. Now get out," she snapped. Her eyes glanced to the only other door in the apartment, not wanting him to discover Max's existence. Instinctively, she knew she had to keep Max a secret. She had no idea where Zayn had been all these years, but her discovery this afternoon that he was a powerful ruler seemed to terrify her. She didn't know what kind of power he held, but she definitely didn't want to test it.

Zayn looked down at her, saw the vulnerability there in her eyes and knew she was worried about something. "I'm sorry you had to find out about who I am the way you did tonight. I was going to tell you."

She didn't believe him. He'd had plenty of opportunity to explain his role six years ago and he'd preferred to let her think he was a lowly employee. Not the head honcho of the whole, darn country! "When? Tomorrow morning when I woke up and you weren't there again? Maybe you could leave a note on my pillow? 'Ella - I wasn't really in prison but thank you for worrying about me for ten years. I have to disappear now to run a country. See ya soon!'." She pulled back, taking a deep breath and trying to regain control of her temper again.

She turned away from him, shaking her head to try and release the anger, resentment and hurt she was feeling. "Don't worry Zayn. I don't want anything from you. I won't ask you for any money. Just leave me alone. You didn't want me to know who you were or why you disappeared sixteen years ago and you didn't want me to understand six years ago. I get it. I'm just..."

He swung her about, holding her firmly by her upper arms as he pulled her against him, furious that she would belittle their one night together. "I didn't mean to abandon you that morning. I was going to come back for you."

She tried to jerk her arms free but he wouldn't release her. "When? When I was a grandmother?" she asked sarcastically. But then she realized what she'd just said and shuttered her eyes. "Just get out of here," she told him with her voice lower. Max was a heavy sleeper, but their arguing could wake him up if they got too loud.

"I tried to find you," he argued. "My entire security team looked for you. But you disappeared yourself. You were nowhere to be found." He relaxed his hold on her but wouldn't let her go. "What happened, Ella? Were you angry with me when you woke up and found me gone?" He didn't wait for her to respond. His long finger trailed down her cheek as he said, "I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. There was a lot going on at that time."

She almost fell under his spell. His touch was starting to get to her but she shook her head and pulled back. "I don't care. And where I was is none of your business. Just like you didn't think it was important to tell me where you were. We were both adults, free to come and go as we wished." She smothered the pain that welled up at the memory of how scared she'd been that day. She'd woken up feeling so happy, so excited to see him again. But she'd gone to sleep that night terrified of how she was going to survive. It had been a horrible twenty-four hours and she'd desperately wanted a strong shoulder to cry on. But he'd disappeared. Again!

Zayn smiled gently. "Of course it's my business. Especially if you're angry with me for not getting in touch with you."

She closed her eyes and tried to push all her anger away. It wasn't productive and she had to get him out of here. She had to protect Max. Nothing mattered but Max now. "I'm not angry, Zayn," she lied. She was hurt and angry and furious with him, and she felt like the biggest fool in history. "It's my fault, probably. I should take the time to listen to the news. You're probably on the news all the time so if I had gotten my head out of the sand, I wouldn't have been surprised today and I wouldn't have known who you really were six years ago." She didn't mention that her whole life back then had been about making enough money to pay for her medical bills and her tuition so she'd barely had time to sleep much less watch television. Good grief, she hadn't even been able to afford a television back then. And even if she had, she wouldn't have wasted precious pennies on the electricity to run the darn thing.

He straightened up, flexing his shoulders to release some of the tension. He'd been up for over twenty hours now. This conference didn't slow down state business. He could delegate a great deal of responsibility, but many of the decisions had to come from him. "I'll speak with my security chief tomorrow, to find out why he didn't find you sooner. Where had you gone?"

She felt almost sick with the terror of him finding out about Max. She stepped backwards but unfortunately, there wasn't much room and her back was now against the wall. She couldn't tell him that she'd gone away to give birth to his son. What would he do with that piece of information?

Then a thought occurred to her. Did she really have the right to keep Max from him? She loved that little boy so much but maybe Max needed a father in his life? His own father and not James who was a good man, but wasn't his actual father.

She wasn't sure. This was a new thought, one she'd never considered before. When Zayn had left six years ago, she'd been hurt and angry and terrified of what was to come. She'd never thought about telling him about Max since she'd had no idea how to get in touch with him. This was a new concept, so she had to consider all the angles and ramifications of this issue.

But right now, she needed to get him out of her apartment. She needed time and space to consider this new twist on her life and she couldn't think clearly with him so close.

Taking a deep breath, she pushed away from him and walked over to the small breakfast bar that separated her galley kitchen from the den area of her apartment. "Zayn, let's just leave it at both of us messing up, okay?"

Zayn thought about that for a long moment, but something inside of him told him not to let it go. She was hiding something he suddenly realized. He thought he should be furious about that, but since he wasn't going to lose her this time, he wasn't going to let her push him away.

"Why don't you come closer and let's talk about it?" he suggested. He started to move towards her but the terrified look in her eyes stopped him. "What's wrong, Ella? Why are you so afraid of me now?"

She swallowed painfully. Shaking her head, she glanced down at the floor, unable to look him in the eyes now that she had such a powerful secret. She was starting to feel guilty about hiding Max from him but she knew she needed to think this through, figure out what to do. "I was scared for you six years ago."

He nodded slowly, sifting through the puzzle. "Yes. But that was for a completely different reason, wasn't it?"

She hated that he was so perceptive. She couldn't figure out all the problems right now. It was late and she'd been up for a long time now. "Zayn, I don't want to deal with this tonight. I'm tired and I have to get up early for work."

He reached out and pushed a lock of hair behind her ear. "You don't have to work anymore, Ella. Let me take care of you. And you won't have to live like this either."

She looked around, wondering what he was talking about. "What's wrong with this place?" she asked slowly. She was so proud of her neat little apartment, why would he think she'd want to leave?

Zayn sighed. "This isn't what you want for yourself, is it?" He looked around, astounded by how tiny her apartment was. "I can give you so much more. Come back to the hotel with me tonight. I'll show you how nice it can be."

She pulled back, her heart fluttering in her chest at the idea of having him close to her again. But she didn't like what he was suggesting and it countered that ridiculous feeling she had trouble controlling. "Let me get this straight, Zayn. You want me to come back with you tonight, sleep with you, let you take care of me by...setting me up in an apartment somewhere? And you'll come visit me?"

That wasn't even close to what he wanted from her but he didn't think she was ready for a marriage proposal yet. Soon, he thought. But not at this particular moment. "You make it sound unsavory. But it doesn't have to be like that. Let's just get to know each other once again, figure out what we both like, talk..."

She crossed her arms over her chest, glaring up at him, not fooled at all by his suggestion of 'talk'. "What does it have to be like?" she demanded, irritated with him now. "Would you visit me when you have time? Would I have servants to help me when you're not around? Would you shower me with presents like diamonds and designer clothes?"

Zayn knew he was getting into trouble, but he wasn't sure what was wrong. And yes, all of what she was saying was exactly what he wanted to do for her. He wanted to wrap her up and take care of her, show her that life could be wonderful. "Of course. Anything you want."

She was bristling with anger now. Did he have no idea how insulting that suggestion was? "And when I got sick, would you be there for me? Would you hold my hand when I'm scared? Would you laugh with me when something funny happens during the day?" She watched his eyes carefully. "Of course not. Because you wouldn't be there most days. In fact, you probably wouldn't even know if I got sick, would you Zayn? Because you have an important role in the world."

He would damn well care if she got sick! "Of course I would care. And I would know! I have a great deal of responsibility but that won't mean that I won't be there for you. Are you going to condemn me for that?"

She sighed, feeling defeated and exhausted all of a sudden. "No, Zayn. I'm not going to condemn you because of your life and your responsibilities. But please don't condemn me to the life you picture for me. I couldn't do it. I wouldn't respect you if you put me into the role of your mistress. Nor would you respect me."

She pulled away from him and walked across the room. "I think you should leave."

There was no way he was going to let her go like this. She was in his blood and he needed to figure out how to get her back to Tusain, into his bed and safe in his mind so he could get on with the business of his country. He couldn't leave her. He'd been looking for her for too long to let her go now. "Ella, that's all well and good, but what are we going to do about this thing between us?" he asked, moving closer to her. He could see the pulse at the base of her throat, saw the rapid beating and knew that she was just as frustrated by their lack of touch as he was.

"What about the fact that you don't want me to leave? Not really," he said softly and reached up to touch her cheek.

She almost laughed at that. Would have laughed if he weren't so painfully right and wrong. "Believe me Zayn. I don't want you in this apartment." That was the truth, she thought and her chin went up as she looked at him.

Something odd was going on. He wasn't sure what it was, but he would get to the bottom of it. "If you're so sure that you don't want me here, then tell me that after you kiss me."

That suggestion startled her. Kiss him? No way! She could barely breathe with him being in her tiny apartment. She couldn't even let him touch her without breaking down.

Her chin jutted out defiantly and she shook her head, not willing to even let him close to her. "I don't think so. Just go, Zayn."

He thought about it for a long moment, then slowly shook his head. "Not until you kiss me," he countered.

With swift arms, he caught her up against him, pulling her close. When their bodies were touching, he captured her gasp with his mouth, deepening the kiss with both his body and his tongue. He realized the exact moment that she gave in to the kiss and he pulled her up higher, feeling her arms wrap around his neck.

His hands slipped under her tee-shirt, his mind completely focused on getting this woman naked so he could feast his eyes on her when he felt a sharp stab of pain on his leg.

He broke off the kiss quickly, spinning around and pushing Ella behind him as he surveyed the room, protecting Ella with his body. A part of his mind knew he should call his security team, but he needed to move more quickly and eliminate the threat. The thought of someone here trying to hurt him but accidentally getting to Ella made him furious.

"Leave my Mamma alone!" a tiny, angry voice said.

Ella was trying to push him out of the way but he kept pressing her backwards. Zayn looked around, then down. It took him almost five seconds to realize that a brown-eyed, black-haired boy with his fists up in perfect fighting stance was glaring at him.

"Leave her alone!" the little tyke growled.

Zayn stared at the boy who was about five years old, his eyes taking in all the details, his mind refusing to accept the truth that was staring him in the face.

Ella finally pushed her way around Zayn and picked up the little boy. "Max, that's not polite," she admonished. "Come on, little man. It is late and you're supposed to be asleep."

"But I heard your voice, Momma. You were in pain."

Max was obviously confused and she blushed furiously as she glanced back at Zayn. Unfortunately, he was no help because he was still staring at Max, his whole body tense as he worked through the newest twist in their fight.

"Come along, buddy. I'll tuck you back into bed."

Max went, mostly because Ella had him in her arms but he continued to glare at the tall stranger who had made his Mother moan. He bounced along over his mother's shoulders, his brown eyes never leaving the similar ones of the strange, mean man.

Ella tucked Max back into bed, singing him a song until she knew that his eyes were closing. "I'm okay, sweety. There's nothing wrong between me and that other man," she said softly when she could tell that Max was fighting sleep.

"Then why were you in pain?" he asked around a huge yawn.

"I wasn't in pain, my little love. I'm perfectly okay but I thank you for being so brave and coming to check on me."

"You're my Momma," he said as if that explained everything.

She smiled in the darkness, feeling the love for this little guy almost overwhelm her. If she had a choice, she would stay right here and watch him sleep all night. But she didn't have a choice. She had a very confused, very large and very angry man standing in her apartment. She inhaled a deep breath, patted Max's hand one more time, then stepped out of the room to face Zayn's questions.

When she stepped out of the only bedroom and closed the door most of the way, she looked up to search for Zayn, figuring he would be sitting on the couch or pacing the tiny confines of her apartment just as she'd been doing less than an hour ago. But he hadn't moved. Not an inch! He was still staring at the door where she'd disappeared with Max.

When Ella stepped out again, his eyes sharpened on her face, his eyes snapping together. "Who is that boy, Ella?" he asked softly, understanding instantly that he had to keep his voice down low.

Ella clasped her hands in front of her. "His name is Max." She sat down on the sofa, uncaring if he was now towering over her. He did that even when she was standing so what difference did it make?

There was a long silence as Zayn absorbed the name, tossed it around in his mind. "How old is he?"

Ella took a deep breath before she said, "He's a little over five years old."

He heard the words, did the math in his mind and his confusion and anger welled up even larger. Zayn rubbed a hand over his face, his body tense and jerky. "Ella, tell me what I need to know."

A tear trickled down her cheek as she nodded. "He's our son."

She thought she heard him curse under his breath but she wasn't sure. She was too tense, too furious with him for discovering the truth. And she was scared.

"How?" he demanded.

She laughed shortly but it wasn't humorous. "I'm not sure I'm really able to explain it better than your science teachers, Zayn."

"How could this have happened, dammit!"

His harsh tone released her temper that had barely been held in check. She stood up and glared at him, advancing on him angrily. "How could this have happened? Don't you remember that night? Or was it such a short, inconsequential period in your life that it didn't rate a memory to you?" she poked him in the chest. "Well, I remember it. I remember every detail clearly and I also remember that you weren't there in the morning. You didn't want anything from me but a quick roll in the hay! Not even a congratulatory cup of coffee to see you off on your next adventure!"

She was so angry and hurt she couldn't even rein in her temper a small bit to realize that she was hitting her mark right on target. "Why didn't I tell you before now? Well, perhaps we should look into that question more thoroughly! Oh! Wait a minute! I couldn't tell you that I'd gotten pregnant that night because," she paused to take in a deep, hopefully calming breath, "I didn't know who you really were until a few hours ago! And what's your other possible question? Where have I been all these years? Why couldn't you find me after that one night? I realize that you were probably looking for another quick adventure in the sheets because I was such an easy conquest. I have to apologize because for ten months after your little visit, I was pregnant with our son!" she snapped at him.

She tried desperately hard to control her anger but it was very difficult with him standing here and her panic at Max's discovery looming like a threat in the air between them. "I had nowhere to go, and I had no job because my manager was presented with a picture of you and me in the park that night. I knew that fraternizing with you violated hotel policy but I had no idea that you would be followed all over the city. Apparently a photographer recognized you and I was fired.

She closed her eyes and took another deep breath. "I had friends who helped me out. I worked for them as a nanny while I was pregnant and she helped me after Max's birth. It wasn't easy, but I found a job several months after that and was able to work my way through school while still making sure that Max had enough food. I had to work at fast food restaurants, maid services, anyone who would pay me because I was fired for fraternizing with the hotel guests at my last job. And do you have any idea how difficult it is to find another job when you're a single, pregnant woman without an education?" She paused for emphasis. "No! You don't know how hard it is because you're a man! And you have an education! And you had all the perks and joys of being one of the wealthiest men in the world! So don't you dare come back at me and ask me why I didn't give you a head's up about our son," she whispered as she almost punched him with her fury.

Zayn knew that everything she was saying was true and it only fueled his guilt. But it also gave him a purpose. It relieved him of the stress of how to keep her in his life and gave him the perfect solution to his problem.

He'd been pushing his team to find Ella so he could make her his wife. And for the past hour, he'd been trying to figure out why she was so angry with him. Now he understood and the answer made his objective so much easier. It was like a huge burden had just been lifted from his shoulders.

"What's so funny!" she demanded, pulling back, astonished that he could find humor at anything said tonight.

His smile disappeared because nothing about this situation was humorous. It was actually quite dangerous and he suddenly realized that he didn't have time right now to revel in his good fortune or the ecstatic reaction of his advisors when he told them that he already had an heir. In fact, if things went the way he hoped they would go, he'd have several heirs over the next few years!

He opened her apartment door and spoke rapidly in a language she suspected was Arabic, but she wasn't sure. The bulky men that were standing in the hallway all snapped to attention, looking between her and Zayn with a renewed sense of excitement and tension.

The men responded rapidly, one of them speaking into his watch. Several of the other men snapped to attention as well, nodding when their captain gave them instructions.

"Pack a bag, Ella," Zayn commanded when he closed the door behind him. "Only the essentials. One for you and one for Max."

Ella didn't understand what was going on, but it didn't look good. "Why? We aren't going anywhere."

His hands were on his hips, his eyes looking down at her with triumph. And heat! "Yes. You are definitely coming with me. And we're leaving in less than five minutes."

Ella was shaking now, seeing him looking stern and commanding. She'd seen him being sweet and gentle, demanding and no-holds-barred sexy. But this was new. She didn't understand this man and he terrified her like none of the other versions.

She took a small step backwards, not sure how to handle Zayn in this mode. "I'm not going anywhere until you explain, Zayn."

Zayn stopped and looked down at her, understanding her fear. He'd felt it himself sixteen years ago when his father had shown up to claim him. He could understand the resentment and confusion because he'd felt it, experienced the deep-down panic of not understanding when people were making decisions for him.

Unfortunately, he didn't have the luxury of time. He needed to get her and Max safe. "Ella, that little boy sleeping in that room is my heir. He is the prince of Tusain. I have to get both of you back to the hotel where you can be protected."

She was already shaking her head, not willing to listen to his terrifying statements any longer. "You're wrong, Zayn. That's my little boy and we're not going anywhere but to school and work tomorrow."

Zayn put a hand to her arm. "Ella, I'm sorry but this isn't your choice anymore."

Ella didn't like those words. Of course there were choices. There were always choices. "Stop it. Stop it right now!" she snapped at him, glancing nervously at the door to Max's room. "I won't have you scaring Max like this!"

Zayn almost chuckled because Max was sound asleep. It was Ella who was scared, and rightly so. "You're right. Forget about packing. Anything you need, it will be delivered to you. Grab your purse if you want it," he said and walked into Max's room. "We have to go," he said a few minutes later, Max cradled in his arms.

Ella froze, astonished by the picture of her tiny little son being carried in his father's arms. For the first time, she saw the two of them together and it was almost painful to see the resemblance now. Although Max was still tiny compared to Zayn, they had the exact same eyes, the same hair and even the same scowl even though Max was sound asleep. She might have laughed if it didn't feel like Zayn was taking her son away from her.

"Why are you doing this?" she cried, rushing towards the door and placing her body in front of it so he couldn't leave. Seeing him with her son terrified her, panic welling up to almost choke her. "Please don't take him away from me," she sobbed, knowing there was nothing she could do if he tried to take her son. He was bigger and stronger than she was. And he had so many more resources than she could possibly imagine.

Zayn realized where her thoughts were going and tried to reassure her. "Ella, I'm not taking Max away. I just need to protect him. Come with me," he said sternly and walked around her to the door, Max bundled into a blanket.

He easily opened the door with one hand and both of them were quickly surrounded by large, bulky men in dark suits with scary looking bulges underneath their suit coats.

Ella followed the two of them down the stairs, her mind reeling with everything that had happened. She saw a clock and realized that only an hour had passed since Zayn had walked into her apartment. Only sixty minutes and her whole world had changed.

What would the next twelve hours bring? She shuddered at the thought.

Chapter 8

Ella stretched, feeling warmer than usual. The smell of fresh coffee was wafting through the air and the silence was blissful. Where was all the traffic? Where were the lumps on the sofa?

And who was making coffee?

Something was wrong. No one made coffee unless she was dreaming. And she definitely wasn't dreaming.

Was she?

Slowly she opened her eyes, hoping that the dream would continue. She wanted so desperately to simply snuggle down into the warmth and not come up for several hours. Sleep was just so precious these days.

Why wasn't Max jumping on the cushions next to her? Why wasn't he asking her for cereal or for something to eat? She should get up and make sure he was eating something healthy.

"If you don't stop that," Zayn said with a groan, "we're going to start on Max's sister right now."

His words woke her up fully and she shifted away from the comfortable heat that had been holding her close. Ella sat up in bed, scrambling away while trying to cover herself with the sheet. "What are you doing here?" she asked, panic welling up inside of her.

Zayn chuckled and rolled over onto his back, yawning even while stuffing a pillow behind him to watch her. "We were married last night. You're in my bed."

Ella put a hand to her forehead, her mind frantically trying to capture everything that had happened. It slowly started coming back to her, but it was fuzzy. She'd been so tired. Zayn had carried Max back to the hotel but all three of them had been hurriedly swept here to the penthouse. She'd been in here before, of course, but never as a guest.

The details of the previous night were coming back to her and she shuddered at the memories. Standing next to Zayn, a man in front of them reciting the wedding ceremony words. She'd said "I do" but she'd been confused, exhausted and scared. "That wasn't a wedding," she grumbled, remembering the quick, efficient words spoken in the dim light as well as her worn out jeans and threadbare tee-shirt.

"What would you call it?" he asked, smiling slightly at her shyness at such an early hour of the morning. Although he suspected she might be shy anytime of the day. Until he kissed her. Or any kind of touch. Then she wasn't shy. At least she didn't used to be shy. Or that one night they'd shared together, she hadn't been shy.

Ella cringed and looked around, pushing her hair out of her eyes while trying to figure out how to get out of this mess. "It was a three minute conversation between three strangers."

He laughed softly. "I guarantee that we are legally husband and wife." His hand wanted to reach out and touch her back, to feel her softness and her heat. But he knew she was confused. Bringing sex into the equation probably wasn't the best idea.

Unfortunately, having her curled up next to him all night hadn't done much for his sleep. She'd been warm and soft and pressed all of that against him throughout the night. Well, what little had been left after the minister had finally left. It had taken a few hours for his aide to organize the marriage license and a minister to arrive. They'd have to be wed once again when they returned to Tusain, but in the eyes of the world, they were married. An announcement had even been sent out to all the wire services so by this point, the world also knew that they were married.

In fact, they also knew that he had a son. The details had been left out, but all of his enemies now knew that he had an heir.

He gritted his teeth with the anger that welled up inside of him at the idea of anyone hurting that little boy. He was actually astounded that he'd only known about Max for less than twelve hours and already he was so protective of the little guy.

"Tell me about Max," he said softly, but with an urgency that spoke volumes.

Ella bit her lip, worried about where Max was and what he might be thinking. "Is he okay? Where did you put him?"

"He's probably already awake and driving my guards crazy by now. At least he will be if he is anything like I was."

Ella's eyes widened. "He wouldn't dare be impolite."

"Ah, Ella," he chuckled. "I was never impolite. I knew better than to do anything obviously wrong. I learned early on that the trick to earning peoples' trust was to at least appear innocent."

She swallowed painfully, because Max had learned that lesson quickly as well. "Where is he? Can I check on him?"

Zayn looked at her worried, green eyes and gave in. He couldn't hold out against Ella's plea, seeing her anxiety over their son written plainly on her beautiful features. "Of course, Ella. He's in the next room."

Ella looked around, her eyes surveying the room and saw her tee shirt and jeans on the chair over by the window. That meant...she peeked under the sheet and knew she was blushing painfully when she realized that she was only wearing her bra and underwear. "Would you mind turning around?"

He smiled and shook his head. "Very much so."

She glared at him, irritated that he would be so ungentlemanly. "You're a perfectly horrid man," she snapped. She pulled the small blanket from the bottom of the bed and wrapped it around herself before walking with as much dignity as possible across the room. "I can't tell you how many times I've cursed this blanket over the years. And now it's my saving grace."

Zayn chuckled softly as he watched her walk into the bathroom, the blanket barely covering the essentials. He didn't mind though. He thought she was cute. Besides, he'd see everything very soon. "We're married, Ella. I'll know that luscious body of yours so intimately that you soon won't have a qualm about walking around completely naked."

"Don't count on it," she came back angrily before stomping into the bathroom.

"Oh, I definitely am," he replied, even though she couldn't hear him.

Ella turned on the warm water, amazed at how wonderful it felt. She didn't luxuriate in the bathroom long though, not sure how much privacy he was going to give her.

She wished she had some clean clothes to put on, but Zayn had rushed her out of the apartment so quickly the previous night, she hadn't had time to grab anything except for the essentials for Max. And even he had only a single change of clothes.

When she emerged, her hair up in a towel but fully clothed once again, she felt much better. Zayn was coming out of another door and he looked as if he'd showered as well. He also looked amazingly virile in a perfectly tailored, dark suit.

She actually resented him for looking so cool and sophisticated while she was wearing yesterday's casual clothes, feeling dingy and worn out. "Where's Max?" she snapped, unable to hide her irritation and vulnerability.

One eyebrow went up as he looked down at her eyes. He saw the fear and the confusion along with several other fleeting emotions. "He's fine. Let's go have breakfast with him and you can introduce us."

She bit her lip, feeling guilty for not telling Zayn about him before this. But how could she? She'd had no idea where Zayn had gone, what he did for a living or even the slightest clue as to how to find him. Even if he'd told her that he was ruler of Tusain, she probably wouldn't have believed him. Seeing is believing though.

"He's a great kid," she said before preceding him out of the bedroom.

Ella walked into the second bedroom and saw Max still curled up, sound asleep on the bed. She smiled down at him but even as she watched, he must have known something was happening. His tiny body stretched in the massive bed and his little fists rubbed his eyes.

"Momma?" he called out, just like he normally did.

"I'm here, honey," she said, moving quickly over to the side of his bed. "Did you sleep well?"

Max gave her a sleepy little smile then held is arms out for her morning hug. "I did. I had weird dreams though."

Ella laughed and hugged his long, skinny body. "I bet you did. And things are going to get even more bizarre once you wake up fully."

Max climbed onto her lap, his eyes just starting to focus enough to look around. "Where are we?" he asked, realizing for the first time that he wasn't in his room any longer. "And who is that man over there?"

Ella realized that Max and Zayn were staring at each other, their dark eyes looking so similar it ached to see them like this.

"Well," Ella said softly, standing up and letting Max climb on her back. He might be only five years old, but he was extremely large for his age and carrying him piggy back was easier than on her hip. The kid was pretty huge for his age! Go figure, considering his father, she thought with a deeper appreciation for genetics. "Remember last year when you asked about your father and I told you stories about him when he was a kid?"

Zayn's eyes snapped to hers, then quickly back to Max's face once again. Max didn't even nod his head, too fascinated with Zayn.

Ella smiled. "Well, yesterday we ran into each other. Your father is staying at the hotel where I work. And yesterday, he came by to see you. He was very excited to finally find you. He's been looking for you for years. It's such an odd coincidence that he was a guest at the very same hotel I worked in."

"Just like when you met him the first time!" Max whispered, excited as he wrapped his arms around her neck so Ella could carry him forward.

She stopped when she was a foot away from Zayn, letting both of the males survey each other. Max was more prepared since Ella had told Max stories about his father over the years. So Max wasn't intimidated by Zayn at all. In fact, as Max stuck his hand out for Zayn to shake, Ella realized that there was more than a little hero worship going on.

Ella watched the two males carefully, ready to swoop in and protect her son if he started to get scared. But she realized that her son was made of pretty stern stuff. He wasn't easily intimidated. "Max, would you like to have breakfast with your dad? Maybe you could ask him some questions about where he lives and what he likes to do now?"

"That would be awesome," Max said, trying to sound mature since he'd heard the kids in the older grades using that phrase.

Coming from his relatively tiny body, it sounded funny to her ears. "Well, let's go then," she said and carried him out of the room, superman pajamas and all.

As they walked, Ella turned her head slightly so that she could speak with Max. "Deal is though, you have to answer some of his questions too. I think your dad might want to get to know you just as much as you want to get to know him."

Max grinned, eager to get to know this extremely large male who was following them. "You're big," he said with excitement, eyeing the man walking next to him. "How tall are you?"

"I'm six feet, three inches tall. How tall are you?" Zayn asked back.

Max stretched his body out as far as it would go without losing balance on his mother's back. "I don't know. Momma says I grow like a worm, whatever that means."

She rolled her eyes, but since Max was on her back and Zayn was following behind her, neither of them saw. She went directly to the beautifully polished table in the main area of the penthouse where a full breakfast was already laid out. There were two maids that were finishing up with the table, both of whom smiled at Ella since they'd been friends for the past several years.

"Thanks, Jane. Thanks Marie," she said to both women who quickly left through the butler's pantry.

Ella sighed heavily, realizing that things were definitely going to change. She had no idea how, or how much, but she wanted her friends back. Jane and Marie were good people and she'd babysat their kids for each of them. There was a support system that she would miss if she had to leave here.

She didn't want to leave, she realized. No matter how much money Zayn might have, nothing would ever be like it was. Or maybe she was being too harsh on her judgment of what was to come? Maybe things wouldn't change too drastically. Perhaps Zayn would simply head back to his country and let her carry on raising Max herself. Other fathers did that, not wanting the responsibility of raising their children.

She knew that wasn't going to happen the moment Zayn lifted Max off of her back and sat him down in one of the elegant chairs. Zayn signaled to someone off to the side and immediately, the butler stepped forward and poured coffee for him as well as a cup for Ella before bowing back to the wall to await the next command.

She sipped her coffee and listened to the two of them ask questions of each other. Max was obviously enthralled with discovering his new father and Zayn was equally entranced by the little man sitting next to him. They asked questions, responded, laughed at some of the answers and nodded their heads sagely at some of the other responses. Ella watched the whole thing, her heart breaking at the new reality that she would have to share her precious son now. No matter how hard it had been over the past six years, she still cherished every moment with Max. Well, not every moment. She would have loved to share some of those late night ear infections, she thought as she sipped her coffee. Or maybe the first time he'd fallen and scraped his knee. Yes, it would have been really nice to share that horror with Zayn.

She'd tuned out slightly, thinking back on all the fun or scary moments in her young son's life so she wasn't paying as much attention to their conversation. But something caught her attention and she re-focused. Ella sat up straighter in her seat though when she heard Zayn explain to Max that he was a royal prince.

"He is not!" she snapped at him, almost dropping her coffee cup as the anger welled up inside of her.

Max looked at his mother, not understanding the significance of being a prince but he fully comprehended her tone of voice. Max glanced at his new-found father, laying a protective hand on his arm as if he could ward off his mother's anger somehow.

Zayn looked calmly right back at her. "I'm Sheik Zayn Tiefel Sarkis. Which means that my son, Max, will be the next ruler of Tusain. That makes him Prince Max."

She almost stood up, shaking her head. "He's a little boy who likes to plow his toy trucks into the buildings he's made with blocks or pillows. He's not ready to be a prince."

Zayn didn't say anything, but simply looked over at his aide who was standing to the side. The man instantly snapped his fingers and a woman came forward. "I'm Debra Miller, Your Highness," she said to Ella, curtsying slightly and bowing her head. "I've been hired as Prince Max's nanny for however long you remain in the city. Would you like me to take him for his bath?"

Ella didn't understand what was going on. "A nanny?" she asked, almost choking on the words. She turned back to Zayn. "Max doesn't need a nanny. He has me." And why would this woman address her as "Your Highness"?

Zayn turned back to Max, winking slightly and it even irritated Ella that they'd formed such an immediate bond. "How about if you go back into your room and play with Ms. Miller? I believe she came early this morning with lots of toys for you. Want to check them out?"

Max's eyes lit up at the idea of new toys. "Oh boy," he said and quickly climbed down from his chair. He was halfway across the room before he skidded to a halt and turned back to his mother. "Is that okay?" he asked, hope and excitement making his body wiggle.

Ella didn't know what to say. She glanced back at Zayn, then at her son, worried at how rapidly things were changing. "That's fine for now. But don't take him out of the penthouse, okay?"

"Of course, Your Highness," Debra Miller replied, curtsying once again before she followed after a hooping little boy, smiling.

Ella turned away from Zayn, not wanting him to see the tears that were quickly forming in her eyes. "What's your intention?" she finally demanded. If Zayn even hinted that he would take Max away from her, he would have a fight on his hands!

Zayn could see the stress in her eyes and he wanted to somehow reassure her that she wasn't losing her son to the nanny. "Ella, Ms. Miller came highly recommended."

Ella almost jumped when she felt his hands on her shoulders. Wrenching herself free from his touch, she turned to face him, angrily wiping the tears from her eyes. "Don't touch me!" she almost yelled. She then realized that they weren't alone and looked at the others self-consciously. "I apologize," she said to the others in the room. "That was impolite."

Zayn almost rolled his eyes. Not only did Max need to learn to rule, but Ella would need to be trained not to be subservient in front of the servants. She had a great deal to learn as well.

"Would you all excuse us, please?" Zayn said to the room in general.

Ella was astonished at how many people were actually in the room. There were guards she hadn't even detected because they were so quiet and still, not to mention the maids and the butler who was supervising breakfast, his personal assistant and one other man but she had no idea what his job was.

When they were finally alone, she turned to face him, pleading with her eyes for him to help her through all of this. "Zayn, what is happening here?" she demanded.

He moved forward, ignoring her flinch when he touched her cheek. "What's happening is that you and Max will come back to Tusain with me. Max will learn to be ruler of Tusain and you will be my wife."

"No!" she cried out. She wasn't sure which part she objected to the most. "We're not leaving. And Max is too little to be burdened with the task of ruling anything other than his toy trucks."

He took her hands in his, not letting her pull away. "It has to be like this, Ella. And I know how you feel. Believe me.'

"No you don't!" she yelled back. "You know nothing about what this is doing to me! You left me! Twice, you just disappeared. Now you're coming back and all of a sudden my life is out of control. Max doesn't need this. He needs to go to school, I need to go to work and you need to just leave us alone."

Zayn wished that were possible. "Ella, you're my wife now. Max is my son."

She shook her head, denying all of it. "What if I told you that Max isn't yours?" she asked, wondering if she could convince Zayn to just leave them alone. "Maybe Max is someone else's son."

Zayn's anger almost got the better of him but he didn't verbally lash out as he wanted to. He hated the idea of anyone else touching this woman. She was his and he would prove it to her once and for all. With great care, he lowered his head, his lips covering her trembling ones with a barely leashed passion. When she tried to pull away, he simply put his hands on her hips and pulled her closer, deepening the kiss, sliding his hands underneath her tee-shirt and showing her how intense his need was for her.

When she was trembling in his arms, her fingers moving in his hair, Zayn knew that this path was not a good plan. Her response made him lose his own concentration. Pulling back, he cursed under his breath for putting himself into this painful situation. He didn't want to discuss the problem of their future. He wanted to make love to her. He wanted to have her writhing underneath him, begging him to take her to the heights of pleasure.

He looked around, wishing they were already back in Tusain. He could show her his private suite, rooms which would also become her own, and make love to her on satin sheets, or under the stars on his private balcony.

"Zayn," she sighed, leaning her forehead against his chest. "How can you do this to me so easily?" she whispered as if she were really asking herself that question.

"This was bad timing," he said and stepped back. Taking her hand, he led her over to one of the sofas. "You didn't eat anything for breakfast. Are you hungry?"

She bowed her head, ashamed that he could do that to her with so little effort and he appeared to be completely unaffected by their kiss. "No. Not at all."

She scooted far back, not wanting another occurrence of his kiss. "Look, this is crazy. Max is just a little boy," she said with as much control as possible. "I know you want him in your life, but perhaps..."

"I know what you're going to say, Ella," Zayn interrupted her. "But I can't just walk away. Would you? Could you actually leave your son, leave Max, and only have weekend visits occasionally?"

She sighed, accepting that he was right. "No. I couldn't do that. And I'm very sorry for even suggesting that you do the same." She looked up at him, pleading with him for sanity. "So what's going to happen?"

He took her hand and pulled her down so they were sitting next to each other. "We fly back to Tusain today. He'll have special tutors, classes that will teach him how to rule and he will be raised as my heir."

She swallowed painfully. "And what role will I have in all of this? Do I have a say in how he is raised? Or have I lost all my rights now?"

The realization that she was even thinking in that way frustrated him. He wanted her to be happy about this occurrence. This was a good thing for everyone if she could just release her anxiety and look at the situation logically. "Of course you haven't," he said and pulled her closer, sighing when he realized that she was trembling so violently. "You're my wife. I know you don't realize it now, but you're a very powerful woman."

She snorted, completely disbelieving his words.

He shrugged his shoulder. "You don't understand now, but you will. As my wife, you have powers you can't even imagine."

"What kind of power?" she asked, pulling her hand out of his and standing up. She didn't like being next to him, feeling his strong thigh against hers. It shocked her imagination, giving her ideas she didn't want to have.

He leaned back against the sofa, stretching his arms out wide. "Well, it gives you the right to me."

She crossed her arms over her chest. "I don't want rights over you."

He chuckled when her cheeks turned that pretty shade of pink, proving her a liar.

"Why not? Women have been clamoring, tricking, conniving and doing desperate things to be in your shoes."

Ella resisted the urge to glance down at her drugstore brand shoes. "I just want my old life back."

He shook his head slowly. "That's not possible."

"Why not?" She huffed with irritation that everything seemed so black and white to him.

"First of all, because I won't allow you to work in a menial job now. You're my wife, so serving others is a thing of the past."

"It was a good enough job for me yesterday. Why not today?"

"Because today, you hold the title of Queen Ella. There's a significant difference in everything you do now."

Ella gasped and shook her head. "I'm not!"

He smiled slightly. "You are."

She stumbled backwards and, in a flash, Zayn was there, his arm wrapped around her waist, holding her steady. Holding her against him.

She plastered her hands against his chest, her mind getting all fuzzy again with his closeness. "Don't call me that. And don't touch me."

He chuckled softly. "Anything you desire, Your Highness," he teased but he didn't release her. "Except it's going to be very hard to get you pregnant with our next child if I don't touch you." He bent his head and nibbled on her earlobe while his hands once again slipped underneath her tee-shirt.

She couldn't believe he would suggest something so outrageous. Surely she hadn't heard him correctly! "I'm not going to get pregnant!" she gasped. Her hands had wrapped around his wrists, initially in an attempt to pull his hands away, but he was too strong. And as he shifted against her, his legs moving subtly between hers, those delicious shivers started up again.

"Don't do that," she whispered, unaware that she was tilting her head so that he had better access to her neck.

"Why would I stop?" he nibbled on her ear, her neck. "I want you."

"No you don't," she gasped, pulling back when the feelings became too much. "You disappeared. Twice."

He slid his hand up higher, his fingers resting just underneath her breasts. "I only disappeared once on my own. The first time, my uncle found me and took me to Tusain. I didn't have a choice when I was eighteen. Now I choose you."

She grabbed his hands, afraid they might slip higher and she'd be lost then. "Zayn, you disappeared that last time. The time when it counted. I had no right to expect anything when you were eighteen. I was a little girl, still in elementary school. But you still disappeared then without a word. I worried about you for a long time, especially when no one could find out anything about where you'd gone. But the second time, I had a right to not be abandoned." She looked up at him, trying to convey the hurt she'd felt when she woke up after their one night together and he'd already left. "I didn't hear from you for a long time."

"Would you believe that I've been searching for you for the past six years? You're a very hard woman to find."

"No," she shook her head. "I don't believe you tried very hard. I was right here. Raising our son."

He smiled slightly, still amazed that he had a son. "He's real, isn't he?" he asked, his eyes moving towards the doorway through which he'd gone to play. "What was it like when he was born? Do you have pictures?"

She tried to step out of his arms, but he wasn't allowing that yet. "Zayn, give me some space. You're a bit...overwhelming."

He chuckled at her description. "See? Even you can't deny that we are good together."

She shook her head. "Knowing that and not wanting to trust you are two completely different issues."

He let her go, knowing that she had a point. "Well, we've made progress anyway."

She blinked up at him, wondering what she could have revealed. What progress? "What do you mean?"

"You at least acknowledge that you want me."

"I didn't!" she gasped.

"You did," he laughed softly at her outrage. "You just said that you know that we're good together. No," he raised a hand to stop her arguments. "If you try to deny it again, I'll just have to prove you wrong again." He looked down at her beautiful features, astonished that she was lovely even without makeup. She looked fresh and alive, more alluring somehow. "I know I'll enjoy the process."

She twisted out of his arms, accepting that the only reason she was free of his touch was because he allowed it. "Zayn, let's get some ground rules set up here. I don't really understand what's going on, but I do understand that you're not trustworthy. I trusted you once and you disappeared. I was thrilled that you were okay, amazed even, six years ago. And you just left after you got what you wanted."

"We both got what we wanted."

She blushed at the memory of how voracious she had been in his arms that night. "I'll concede that point. But that doesn't mean I'm going to jump into bed with you. You have your heir. If you need...female companionship..." she said the words uncomfortably, aware of the pain ripping through her at the idea of another woman in his arms, "then go find it."

Zayn controlled his temper, wondering how she could say something like that. He could tell by the hurt look in her eyes that she didn't mean it. But he acknowledged that he had a great deal of hurt to heal. She'd trusted him six years ago and he'd unintentionally betrayed that trust. Even before that, he'd disappeared sixteen years ago and hadn't explained even when he saw her again. Yes, there was a great deal of trust that needed to be fixed.

He didn't move closer to her, but he stepped in front of her, his hands on his hips as he tried to control his temper. He never had problems with anger but Ella ignited emotions in him he hadn't known he possessed. "Ella, you're my wife now. And you will learn to trust me again. I'll make sure of it."

He saw his assistant out of the corner of his eye and nodded slightly, running a hand through his hair with the increasing frustration over his responsibilities. He didn't want to face them now. He was actually torn between the options of tossing this woman over his shoulder and making love to her and the equally appealing idea of getting to know his son.

Unfortunately, neither was a possibility at this point. "We have to get going," he said curtly. "And you need to get dressed."

Ella looked down at her jeans and tee-shirt, confused. "I am dressed. What's wrong with my clothes?"

He sighed, wishing he didn't have to do this but it had to be said. "I know this is going to be frustrating to you, but just about every reporter in the world is going to try and take your picture as soon as we step outside of this hotel. Possibly even outside the suite. We need to release a photo of you to the press, but they'll want to see you before that can be arranged." He braced himself for the next words, not wanting to hurt her or anger her, but she needed to hear the truth. "And you can't be seen in jeans. Ever."

She shrunk back slightly, not completely sure what he was saying. "Why can't I wear jeans?"

"You can wear them, you just can't wear them outside of our private suite."

She swallowed, shaking her head. "Zayn, I love wearing jeans."

He smiled slightly. "And I love seeing you in them." He almost laughed at her blush and her hands immediately went to her bottom. She knew exactly what he was looking at in her jeans. "But you represent me and Tusain now. You represent all of the people of Tusain and they are good, decent people who work hard and take pride in their efforts. You can't shame them by wearing jeans."

He could tell that her stubbornness was almost choking her. "I've had one of my assistants get you some new clothes. They are already in the bedroom we shared last night."

She glared at him. "And if I don't want to wear those clothes?" she asked, not sure why she was fighting the idea of pretty new clothes. She'd love to wear something more feminine and only wore jeans because they were comfortable and convenient. And cheap, she reminded herself. The jeans she was wearing now had cost her only twelve dollars.

Zayn eyed her carefully. He understood suddenly that he needed to take a different approach to gain her cooperation. He relaxed and shrugged his shoulders. "You're right. You don't need to change into anything. I'll just make sure that I'm behind you whenever we're walking. I'll definitely enjoy the view."

He almost laughed out loud at her horrified expression but he restrained himself admirably.

"Where's the stupid suit?" she demanded.

Zayn only pointed in the direction of the bedroom they'd shared last night and watched her with interest as she walked away.

"You've won! Stop staring at me!" she called out, not even bothering to look back at him to make sure he was looking.

He was, and he was enjoying both her anger and her adorable bottom. His amusement couldn't be contained any longer. At her admonishment, he threw back his head and laughed, admiring both her sexy figure in the jeans as well as her spunk. He would definitely enjoy that temper of hers, he thought as she stomped into the bedroom and closed the door.

Zayn went through the immediate problems his assistants brought to him but when Ella emerged from the bedroom, wearing a stunning blue suit with matching blue heels, he could barely speak. She was beautiful, he thought. Every time he saw her, each different nuance of her personality created a new spark of interest. The sparks were becoming a fire that he was barely able to control. Especially when she looked so lovely.

He wondered if his assistant had gotten her new lingerie as well. Or was she still wearing those cotton briefs and the white cotton bra? He felt his body harden at either possibility. Damn, why had he left her alone last night? She'd been so soft and warm and he knew he could have gotten her to respond.

Maybe he wouldn't be in so much pain just watching her walk towards him now.

But she'd needed her sleep last night. He'd thrown a lot at her in only a few hours and he knew she'd been exhausted.

Tonight though. There would be no turning back tonight. He'd have her in his home, in his private rooms and he would make sure that the only thing she had to wear was some silky thing that would easily slip off of her luscious curves which he would then explore with careful attention to detail.

He shook his head slightly, knowing that it would be very obvious what he was thinking very soon if he didn't switch gears.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

Ella heard the huskiness in his voice and wondered about it. Glancing up, she saw the heat in his eyes and almost stepped back, overwhelmed and intimidated by Zayn when he looked like this. Gone was the ruler and the father of her child. This was just the man. The one who made her tremble with just a touch, who could make her scream out with his fingers. And his mouth. And other parts of his body.

She closed her eyes and looked away, breaking the intimate, visual contact.

"Ready for what?" she asked, looking at the sofa. "And where is Max?"

"I'm right here, Momma!" Max's eager voice called out to her as he ran through the room, barreling towards her so he could throw himself into her arms. "You look awesome!" he said as he looked up at her, his strong arms clinging to her leg.

Ella bent down and gave him a hug. "Goodness, you look wonderful, yourself!" She pulled back and looked at him. His hair had been combed and he was wearing a pair of khaki pants with a shirt actually tucked in! She couldn't ever get him to tuck in his shirt but it hadn't been a huge issue since he normally wore jeans and a tee-shirt. "Who combed your hair?" she demanded. That had been one battle she hadn't had the ability to combat. She kept his hair cut short so it wasn't too much of a problem, but when it went too long in between cuts, it got more than a little ruffled.

"Ms. Miller said that a handsome prince needs his hair to look neat. So I let her do it." He looked at her with a slight roll of his eyes. "She's a lot of fun, Momma."

Ella tamped down on the jealousy and hurt she felt when Max described the other woman. He loved his school teachers as well and she wasn't jealous of those women. Why should she feel threatened by the amazingly efficient Ms. Miller?

"Well, you look very handsome," Ella said to Max who puffed up proudly.

Zayn looked at the two of them, suddenly overwhelmed with emotion at the sight of his family. His son was the spitting image of himself and it infuriated him to think of Ella trying to convince him that Max wasn't his son. Backing off of that anger, he knew that she'd done it only to protect both herself and their son.

She was a good mother, he realized. "We need to move," he said. He picked Max up into his arms, looking at him now at eye level. "Are you ready?" he asked the little boy.

Max grinned and nodded his head. "Ready!" he came right back, eager for whatever next adventure was on the horizon.

Ella swallowed painfully, seeing the two of them bonding like that. She loved her son, but was she ready to share him?

As the entourage surrounded Zayn and her son, she realized that she didn't have much of a choice. Zayn's guards, which seemed to have doubled overnight, were surrounding all of them, several talking into their wrists and there were even more in the hallway when they left the penthouse and descended into the parking garage.

The three of them were ushered into a waiting limousine and Ella couldn't believe how much fuss was being made to get them out of the hotel. Then the limousine pulled away from the garage and Ella was shocked to see a crowd of photographers and reporters crowded around the entrance of the hotel. There were also three more limousines waiting by the door. When their limousine drove past, one of the photographers caught sight of their departure and actually started running down the street. Ella watched from the rear window as he frantically snapped pictures of their departing vehicle while running across the traffic on Pennsylvania Avenue. That street was several lanes wide with traffic circles, strange crossing lanes, bike lanes and a large number of pedestrians. The street was lined with several national treasures so there were tourists everywhere mingling in with the government workers making their way to their various office buildings. But as the police escort screamed with their sirens blaring, everyone stopped to look, trying to determine who was in the caravan of limousines and black SUVs as they drove through the traffic with ease since the police were blocking traffic to keep the caravan moving.

It took an astonishingly short period of time to get to the airport, helped along by the police escort. But nothing could have prepared Ella for the frantic day. The flight was quiet since she and Max sat in one of the leather chairs in a private area of the plane. They ate their meals alone and, when Ella asked where Zayn was, she was told he was in meetings for the duration of the flight.

When they landed, there was another rush through the airport but everything was stream-lined once again. There were no immigration lines, no forms to fill out. When one was the head of the country, Ella guessed that the normal governmental forms weren't really required.

She was finally shown to a large, beautiful suite of rooms where there was a large bedroom, a gorgeous sitting room, even a lovely conservatory filled with strange and exotic plants. She and Max explored everything, loving the balcony that looked out over the city. But by that point, it was late and she hadn't slept well the previous night. She tucked Max into his new bed, smiling at how excited the little guy was.

"We're going to be okay, right Momma?" he asked as he yawned, fighting to keep his eyes open despite the late hour and the extremely long, exciting day.

She tucked the blanket around his small shoulders and gave him a kiss on his nose. "Yes. We're going to be okay. Go to sleep," she said softly.

She tucked him in and walked out, closing the door before moving into the beautiful bedroom. She was almost completely undressed, reaching for one of the silky robes she'd found in the closet when she heard a noise behind her.

Spinning around, she found Zayn walking towards her, his hands efficiently stripping off his suit and his eyes filled with heat.

"What are you doing in here?" she demanded, pulling the robe over herself as quickly as her nervous fingers would allow.

He smiled slightly but she could see the fatigue in his eyes. "This is where I sleep."

Ella blinked and looked around. "Here?"

He laughed slightly, but more because he was still enchanted with her blushes. "Yes. Is that going to be a problem?"

She wasn't sure exactly what to say. "I thought this was where I slept." Suddenly, the amazing quarters made sense. "This is your private suite, isn't it? This is where you live."

He approached her slowly, his eyes never leaving her face but his fingers worked the buttons on his shirt, slowly revealing the tanned skin underneath. "You figured that out quickly."

She squared her shoulders, determined not to fall under his sensuous spell. "Zayn, I'm not sleeping in the same bed with you."

He chuckled and bent lower so he could see her eyes more clearly. "There are no other rooms to sleep in, Ella."

She held her breath, trying very hard to be firm, but his muscular chest with the light, sprinkling of black hair across the top which narrowed down to an intriguing line, was getting in the way of her concentration. "Zayn, this is ridiculous."

He took her hand and tried to place it on his chest but she curled her fingers up into a fist, refusing to touch him. She knew if she did that, she would be gone. "Zayn, please don't do this," she whispered.

"Don't make love to my wife?" he asked softly, his hand reaching up so that his fingers could slide through her long, dark hair. "I think that is a very good idea. I don't know why you are resisting."

She stepped back, desperate now. "Because I don't trust you. I don't know what happened six years ago. I don't really understand what happened ten years ago. All I understand is that we have a son together and I'm in a foreign country. The rest of...everything," she stammered, overwhelmed by all the issues she didn't understand, "is a complete mystery. And yet you want me to simply trust you and jump into bed with you as if everything were great."

Zayn sighed and pulled his hand away. She had a point. "Okay, so what do you want to happen?"

She considered her options, surprised that he was being so accommodating given the current situation. "I'd like to understand what's going on. I'd like to get to know you without the pressure of sex between us. I want to learn to trust you and know that you won't just disappear on me again."

He laughed at that last one. "Ella, I'm in charge of the whole country. I'm not going anywhere."

She bit her lip, truly frightened of the power he wielded here. "Okay, then I need to trust that you won't send me away and keep Max to yourself."

He reared back slightly, astonished that she could be thinking anything along those lines. "I'd never do that to you."

She crossed her arms over her chest, feeling painfully vulnerable. "Never? There is an intense physical attraction between us," she started to say.

"At least you acknowledge that," he interrupted, becoming angry that she could think so little of him.

She knew he was furious and it scared her. "Zayn, even right now, I'm afraid of speaking my mind to you. I don't know you, I don't know what you're capable of, and I especially don't know your thoughts or what you think of me. We had two dates the last time you were in Washington, D.C. and one of those evenings was spent..." she blushed and had to look away. "Well, you know where it was spent. Needless to say, not a lot of talking was done after dinner." She cleared her throat and changed the subject, ignoring the sudden heat in his eyes. "Before that, I knew you on the streets of our old neighborhood, but I didn't really know you as a person. You walked me home from school when I was a kid and I know that we laughed and talked about lots of things. But you were seventeen at the time, almost eighteen and I was barely eight years old. The things we discussed were superficial at best. And most of the time, you were just trying to tease me out of running someplace to hide because I was so wimpy back then."

His eyebrows came down low over his dark eyes. "You weren't wimpy, Ella. You were scared and didn't know how to stand up for yourself."

She took a deep breath, closing her eyes briefly. "And you taught me to do that. So here I am." She turned to fully face him, showing him that she was determined now. "I'm standing up for myself and asking you not to push this relationship to a physical level until we know each other better."

He considered her request for a long moment, his body telling him to ignore her point and get her into bed. He knew that they could get to know each other personally while still accepting this almost painful desire for each other.

But his mind was telling him that she might have a point. Not that they couldn't get to know each other and still enjoy each other. Since it was going to happen anyway, why not just enjoy the entire process? Unfortunately, he knew that pushing her in that way might slow down her trusting him. And he suddenly wanted that very much. She was strong and capable and had survived so much. He didn't want to hurt her now that she was his wife.

"How long do you think it might take for you to trust me?" he asked, gritting his teeth as his body rebelled against not pulling her into his arms.

She couldn't believe that he was accepting her request! All the tension that had been building up inside of her over the past half hour suddenly went away and she felt as if she could breathe much more easily. "Thank you," she sighed, a smile breaking out on her face. "But I don't know how long it will take to get to know each other. Can we take it one day at a time?" she asked with hope in her eyes.

Zayn looked at her soft, dark hair and his body ached. "We can take it slowly. But you're staying here in this suite. I won't touch you, but I'll wait until you come to me. Is that fair?" he asked.

Ella thought about it for a long moment and then smiled brightly. "I think that's more than fair," she sighed with relief. "I'll even sleep on the couch and you can have the bed."

He eyed the sofa with distaste. "I'll sleep on the sofa. You take the bed."

She laughed and shook her head. "Zayn, I've been sleeping on the sofa for the past eleven years. I truly don't mind. Whereas you wouldn't even fit on the sofa because of your height. I'm much shorter and I'm guessing this sofa will be enormously more comfortable than what I'm used to," she said with happiness.

Zayn wasn't immune to her relief and her beautiful smile felt like a stab in his heart. He could do this, he told himself firmly. He could resist her delectable body for the amount of time it would take her to learn to trust him, to get to know him. He'd waited six years for her, he could wait a few more days.

Chapter 9

Ella jerked awake when she heard the door slam. She was still half asleep but rolled over onto her back, staring up at the ceiling as she forced her mind to start working again.

Something had to change, she told herself. She couldn't go on like this any longer. Sleeping on the couch was one thing. She could handle that since she'd done it ever since Max was born but this cold silence between Zayn and herself was getting to her.

Every night he kissed her, made her so delirious with need that she could barely stand up. But something inside of her simply couldn't take that next step and give herself permission to make love with him.

She was hurt, she told herself. She was wounded and trying to make him suffer just as much as she'd been hurt when she'd woken up that morning six years ago to find him gone. Not to mention her terror when she realized that she was pregnant, jobless and basically homeless at eighteen.

What a mess, she thought. There was already a coffee service sitting in the room waiting for her, just as it was every morning. But she didn't bother to take any of the morning brew that, theoretically, would jump start her body. The first morning had been fine, the coffee hot and rich. Delicious. She'd savored one of the perks of her new role, something she hadn't anticipated. That first morning, she'd relished the idea of someone fixing her coffee and delivering it to her room each morning.

But by the second morning, the coffee hadn't been as warm. And it hadn't tasted very good either. It was almost as if it had been purposely burned the previous day, put into the refrigerator and then mildly heated up the following morning for her. In a word, it had been undrinkable.

She'd dressed quickly that morning and searched out a cup of hot coffee, finding a cup in the offices where the administrators worked diligently on government business. Each morning, she'd snuck into their domain to find her coffee, ignoring the service that was delivered every day by mysterious servants.

That wasn't all that was a problem though. She was losing weight because her breakfast and lunch meals were either too cold, too salty, too spicy or just nauseating. The first few days, she'd been in awe of the cook and all the creatively prepared and beautifully presented dishes. But apparently word got around that she was still refusing to sleep with their ruler. Now the entire palace staff was fighting a silent battle with her, admonishing her in the only way they knew how. By sabotaging her meals, her wardrobe, her coffee and other small things. She knew it was on purpose because she dined with Zayn and Max every evening and the meals there were delicious and perfectly prepared.

There had even been one time when she'd tried to sneak into the kitchens to find something to eat. A cook had spotted her, stepping in front of her and asking her in a painfully polite way if he could fix her something to eat. She could see from the banked hostility in his eyes that she wouldn't get anything on her own in the kitchens. She'd simply turned around and left the area, feeling like a naughty dog running away with its tail between its legs.

And she missed Max. It was selfish of her because she knew he was learning so much being here. Besides, he absolutely worshiped Zayn and the feelings were returned. Every night, she'd sit with Max while he ate his dinner, hearing about all the wonderful things his tutors were teaching him. He was learning math skills at an alarming rate, already telling her the theory behind trigonometry and calculus although his young mind couldn't grasp the actual math formulas behind the theories. He was also reading better than he ever had, but that was nothing new since the little guy had been reading to her since preschool, well ahead of his peers. His handwriting was still atrocious, but he was using better words while he wrote as well as when he spoke and his spelling was improving by leaps and bounds. Outside of the school room, he was also learning to ride a horse, or more specifically, a pony that Zayn had given him on his first day here. The pony was the perfect size for him, small enough to control but big enough so he didn't feel patronized by the smaller horse.

Ella had asked to be taught to ride, but when the instructor had brought out the meanest, nastiest horse, Ella had backed away, terrified of the snorting beast that didn't look like it was even trained to carry a rider yet. When the horrible beast tried to bite her hand when she'd reached out to pet him, Ella had pulled back in fear, thanked the instructor for his time and walked back into the palace. The only reason she ventured into the stables now was to find the kittens she'd discovered the first week and to pretend she was still taking riding lessons. She brought the kittens treats and enjoyed their antics while they flounced around in the hay, tumbling over each other. Since she didn't want to admit to Zayn that she was too afraid to learn to ride a horse, she pulled on her riding outfit every morning at the appointed time and walked out to the stables, only to find the kittens and sit down to play. Okay, so she admitted silently that her fascination with the kittens was more about hiding from the stable hands than anything else. She knew she was being a coward but she didn't know enough about horses to stand up for herself, nor did she care to accept the assurances by the stable master that the horse he'd brought to her would cooperate.

Even her Arabic tutor was in on the harassment. The first few mornings, the woman had been wonderfully patient and Ella had learned a great deal. But the woman must have gotten wind of her resistance to sleeping with Zayn and her patience disappeared. Their meetings came down to her rapidly saying something to Ella, then waiting for Ella to reply. Since Ella had no idea what the woman had said, there were long pauses of silence where the two women stared at each other. In the end, Ella had simply walked out of the room, refusing to meet with the tutor again. Instead, she'd gone to the massive library and found an Arabic to English dictionary. For hours each day, she worked diligently at learning the complicated language. She would then practice with Max during his afternoon tea time when the two of them had some time alone. It was much more helpful to speak the language with him since he was picking it up quickly, his young mind like a sponge. He was more advanced than she was, but he was patient with her and laughingly helped her with her pronunciation.

She should probably talk to Zayn and ask him to intercede, but she couldn't do it. She had pride and the idea of going to him and asking him to demand the servants stop treating her so horribly just felt like she was being more of a coward. Instead, she stood up for herself when possible and ignored the servants at other times. She'd taken care of herself almost all her life so she didn't need their help to make it through the day.

Having been a servant for years herself, she knew that she couldn't force the staff to treat her properly. Since she couldn't fire them, she had to earn their respect. Unfortunately, it seemed that the only way to earn their respect was to sleep with their ruler. Since that was out of the question, she was in a quandary as to what to do.

She wasn't going to back down though. She refused to be hurt again. She had no reason to trust Zayn so she stood her ground, refusing to be used this time. They were talking, but he was so busy with his official duties that their conversations were generally cut short.

As long as she could see Max each day, she could deal with all the rest.

Well, almost all the rest, she thought as she sat in their private suite of rooms, waiting nervously for Zayn to come to bed. It was after eleven o'clock in the evening and they'd left his guests, some dignitaries from Great Britain, who had dined with them. She didn't have anything to wear except for long satin or silk nightgowns, all of them draping over her body sensuously. She pulled the belt of the robe more tightly around her waist, bracing herself for Zayn's return. This conversation would probably go more smoothly if she had something less sexy to wear. But this was all she had available unless she wanted to don one of the formal suits or an evening gown. She preferred to be ready for bed when Zayn arrived though.

Every night, he'd come into the suite and start undressing. She'd tried to hide from him, but her eyes devoured him as soon as he started unbuttoning his shirt. His hot eyes captured hers while he stripped himself. Initially, she'd thought to already be under the covers she kept on the sofa, but he'd nixed that plan easily the first when he'd simply sat down beside her on the sofa, his shirt already dispensed with and he'd kissed her. Every night, she was almost whimpering with need by the time she'd found the strength to push him away, but it was getting harder and harder to remember why she was resisting him.

Her mind might still be angry with him, but her body didn't care. There were many moments she wanted him to ignore her resistance and just make love to her until they were both breathless. She wanted him to take her to that huge bed and kiss her all over, just like he had that one night so long ago.

Over the past six years, there had been so many nights when she'd lain awake thinking of him, wondering what he was doing and where he'd gone. She'd scrambled her brain trying to figure out what she'd done wrong that night, what she'd done to push him out her door so early in the morning.

Tonight, she didn't want to go through the normal undressing and kissing process, so she didn't get ready for bed immediately after entering their suite. She'd unzipped her dress and hung it up carefully, then pulled the silk nightgown over her head and tied the matching robe around her waist tightly. Instead of sitting inside waiting for him, she curled up on one of the big, comfortable chairs out on the terrace. She didn't want to watch him get undressed. She didn't want to feel that need sweep over her, almost choke her with the intensity. She wanted Zayn, but she was afraid of that need. Afraid of being hurt again.

"Why are you out here?" his deep voice asked from the darkness.

Ella jumped, gripping the arms of the chair as she turned to look at him. She was relieved to see that he still had his shirt on. The ends of his tuxedo tie were hanging around his neck and the top few buttons of his shirt were undone, but she could handle that.

She quickly stood up and walked to the bannister, putting more space between the two of them.

"Dammit!" she heard him say.

Swinging around, she looked at him curiously. Shrinking back, she became terrified of the anger in his eyes.

"What's wrong?" she whispered.

Zayn advanced on her furiously. "Are you doing this on purpose?" He leaned over her, bracing his arms on the marble bannister behind her, forcing her to bend backwards.

"Doing what?" she asked, her fingers moving to the edge of her robe, pulling it tighter.

"Wearing that silk gown. Not wearing any underwear!" he growled, his hands coming up to grab her upper arms. "You're driving me insane with need and you know it!"

She yanked her arms, trying desperately to break his hold but she only hurt her arms instead. "Let me go! I'm not trying to do anything to you! I only have these ridiculous things to sleep in at night and I don't have any clean underwear!"

That stopped him cold. "What the hell do you mean?"

His grip slackened with his confusion and she was able to step out of his arms, putting several feet between them. "I mean, your wonderful staff, who mysteriously come and go, haven't seen the need to do any laundry for me lately."

"They do laundry every day!" he came back.

She was rubbing her arms, feeling sad and pathetic all of a sudden. She wasn't even aware that she was crying. "No!" she countered, swinging back to him. She couldn't hold back any longer. All the loneliness and pain almost chocked her. "They do your laundry every day. They used to do my laundry but since I won't sleep with you, I don't receive the same service. Nor do I get hot coffee, edible food, courteous instructions or even a polite smile every once in a while. Your staff hates me and I can't believe I'm here telling you all of this! Because you're just a big, evil brute who only wants a son!"

She turned away so he wouldn't see her tears, ashamed that she'd resorted to such an unladylike outburst. She'd wanted to hold out, to not give in to the loneliness that was surrounding her every day. But seeing him, wanting him like she did but so afraid of giving in to his pursuit, just crushed her resolve.

Zayn moved closer, looking at her bowed head and his confusion increased. "What the hell are you talking about? I see the coffee service waiting for you every morning."

She took a deep breath, closing her eyes and trying to regain control of her temper. "You're right. I'm being silly. Please excuse me," she said and tried to walk by him back into the suite. She wiped the back of her hands on her cheeks, trying to dry her tears, but his arm reached out and grabbed her, pulling her back so she was facing him.

"Ella, explain what you meant."

"Let me go," she said softly, gritting her teeth to keep herself from breaking down again. She'd overcome worst obstacles in her life, she could get through this one as well.

"Not until you tell me why you're crying." He reached out and caught one of her tears before it fell, drying her cheek with the rough pad of his thumb.

Ella could take anger and rude behavior. She could take passive-aggressive staff members. But his tenderness, after weeks of hostility and the constant battle to resist him broke through her defenses. She couldn't fight her need to touch him any longer so when he pulled her close, she let the tears flow, her body shaking as the sobs escaped her too-thin body.

His arms wrapped around her, his large hands caressing her back gently. "You've lost too much weight, Ella. You have to eat something." His words only made her cry harder, her anger and loneliness swamping her and her hands clenched his shirt while her tears dampened the pristine, white fabric.

She felt him lift her into his arms and he cradled her against him while he sat down in one of the chairs, holding her close while the tide of sadness enveloped her. He rocked her back and forth, his strong arms holding her close while one of his hands moved down her body.

It took a long time, but eventually, her tears subsided and she just lay in his arms, spent and unable to move away from him. Not that she wanted to. She was so desperate for human kindness, she'd take anything. Even gentle caresses from a man she knew she shouldn't trust.

"What's going on, Ella?" he asked when her hiccups had subsided.

Ella sighed, her body too exhausted to do anything more than just lean against him. "Nothing," she replied, wanting to hide her face in his neck and breathe in deeply.

"Obviously something is wrong. I don't think I've ever known you to be this sad. Even when Betsy Winkle stole your notebooks, then wrote all those nasty things about you and Mike Burns."

She laughed, wishing it didn't sound so much like a giggle. "Betsy was evil," she replied, wiping her cheeks with the back of her hand.

"So are you going to tell me why you are so sad? Or are you going to make me find out on my own?"

She knew she should get up. She should get out of his lap but it just felt so nice to be connected to someone. It had been a long time since she'd had someone to just laugh with, talk to. "I'm better now."

Zayn sighed, his arms tightening around her protectively. "You're not better. Apparently I have an inefficient staff who can't provide underwear for you," he growled.

She giggled again, wishing it weren't so serious.

"It isn't funny, Ella. I've been watching that cute butt of yours for weeks as you walk down the hallway and now I find out you don't have any underwear at all. Do you have any idea what that's going to do to my concentration?"

She chuckled and shook her head. "Try going a morning without coffee," she blurted out, then froze.

He shifted slightly so he could look down at her. "What the hell is in the coffee service if there's no coffee?" he demanded.

Ella could actually feel his anger increasing while she laid there in his arms. "It's okay, Zayn. It was hard at first but..."

His eyes snapped together angrily. "At first? How long has this been going on?"

She sighed and pulled herself up in his lap. Ignoring the large hand that slipped down her satin nightgown to her bottom, she stood up and walked away. Leaning against the railing, she crossed her arms over her chest. "The servants aren't happy that I won't sleep with you, Zayn."

"Neither am I, but I don't sabotage your coffee," he growled and stood up. Pacing back and forth, he put his hands on his hips. "What else have they been doing besides not doing your laundry and not giving you coffee."

She smiled sadly. "Let's be clear, Zayn. Someone provides coffee every morning. It just isn't..." she searched for a good word, one that wouldn't fire up his temper even more. "It isn't very good coffee."

"What's that supposed to mean?" he demanded, stopping in front of her and glaring down into her pretty green eyes that never failed to fascinate him.

She cringed and looked at him strangely. "I can handle this," she said, suddenly feeling much stronger than she had a half hour ago. It was almost as if her bout of crying had released all the stress and allowed her to see through the confusion to a resolution.

"What will you do?" he asked gently, moving closer to her.

"I'm going to take care of it," she replied softly. She didn't realize that her hand had moved up to his chest until she felt his muscles flex underneath her fingertips.

"You're going to let me handle this," he countered. "You've been dragged halfway across the world," he said as his head dipped lower, "I will make sure that my household treats you with the respect your title deserves."

She didn't have an argument for that since his lips touched hers, sending fire throughout her whole body. She couldn't believe how soft his lips were, how gentle his kiss. She wasn't expecting anything, not sure if he would be demanding or gentle, but this kiss, this sensuousness and excitement was completely sidetracking her resistance. She wanted to both curl up against him so she could relish the feeling of his lips against hers while at the same time, pull off his clothes and ravish him. She wasn't sure what would happen with either but she certainly wasn't prepared for this slow assault on her senses.

They stood there, kissing on the terrace for who knows how long, his mouth slanting against hers over and over again. She wasn't aware of time passing or of the night sky deepening. All she was aware of was his mouth on hers, his tongue tasting her, of demanding and then giving back the pleasure she craved so desperately.

She knew, deep down, that this wasn't right. That something was missing. But at the moment, as his mouth touched hers again, she couldn't think that anything was wrong. It was so completely right that she couldn't fight him.

Would she have been able to fight him if he'd been less gentle? She wasn't sure. He was usually so demanding, so unequivocal in his needs. But tonight, after crying so hard and fighting against him for what seemed like ages, she didn't have the strength to deny either of them this night.

"Tell me you want this," Zayn demanded, lifting his head slightly to look down at her.

Ella thought about it for only a small moment before she lifted herself higher, her lips catching his once again. "I want this right now."

"Will you want it tomorrow?" he asked, groaning when she put her hands against his arms.

She didn't want to worry about that at the moment.

"I don't know. Let's just take it one moment at a time."

He thought about that for a second before he pulled her up into his arms. Carrying her inside, he set her down in the dimly lit bedroom, right beside the enormous bed that she'd never slept in. And she suspected that she wouldn't be sleeping in it tonight either.

She wasn't aware of the belt of her robe coming undone, but she knew the instant her nightgown slipped from her shoulders to pool at her feet. She'd lost so much weight that there was nothing to stop it but Zayn didn't notice her weight loss so much as he noticed her magnificent nakedness.

"You're more beautiful than I remembered," he breathed a moment before he took one breast in his mouth, laving the peak and making her squirm in his arms. When he laid her down on the bed and moved to the other breast, Ella couldn't believe how much she'd missed this man, his touch and how he could fire her blood.

"Don't make me wait," she pleaded, her fingers in his hair as she held him there over her. One leg rose up so it was resting against his hip and she wanted so desperately to lift her hips and find his heat. But she was trapped under his weight and she could only wiggle slightly.

"I've wanted you for too long to take this quickly," he told her with his deep, gravelly voice that sent shivers of anticipation through her whole body. "We're going to take this slow and I'm going to enjoy every moment."

"So are you," he promised with a look in his eyes that sent yet another thrill down her body.

Ella almost laughed, but at that moment, his leg slipped between hers so he could settle between them. She couldn't help the moan that escaped her lips or the trembling that started when his mouth moved from her breasts down to her stomach. She wanted this so badly, she was almost climaxing with just his mouth on her stomach.

His fingers and hands were teasing. His light touch drove her insane with need and she shifted underneath him, telling him without words what she desperately needed. "Slow next time," she gasped when she couldn't take his light touch any longer.

Too frustrated, she pushed on his shoulders while she sat up, pressing him backwards with a determined expression on her face. Zayn looked up at her as he lay back against the bed. "You know I can switch our positions easily," he growled. But then his hands moved up her waist, higher until he was cradling her breasts in each of his hands. When his thumbs skimmed over her nipples, he smiled mercilessly when she cried out.

What he wasn't prepared for was her aggressiveness. So when she pushed backwards, he was suddenly inside of her, her heat wrapping around him like a hot, wet glove. For the life of him, he couldn't slow down now. He was exactly where he wanted to be and she felt even better than he remembered.

Ella took a deep breath, surprised at how large he was. As her body slowly adjusted to his size, she felt her shoulder muscles relax, but at the same time, her stomach tightened, her legs clenched his hips and she threw her head back in triumph.

"Think you're in control, eh?" he teased, but then she started moving, lifting her hips up higher and he pressed his head backwards, his whole body tensed in anticipation of her coming back down, of her heat taking him in again. When she hesitated at the top, he opened his eyes, about to growl out but his hands took hold of her hips and pulled her back downwards. She gasped, her palms flat against his chest. And she lifted herself higher again. This time, Zayn let her have her way, his eyes opened as he watched in fascination as Ella discovered her body once again. And discovered the power she had over him. The look on her face, the heat in her eyes and the blush staining her chest and cheeks, was so powerfully erotic, he could only lay there, watching her with fascination. "Okay, you're in control," he said and saw her full, pink lips smile slightly with the power he'd just given her.

It might kill him, he thought, but what a way to go! He let his hands slide down her legs, trailing along her bottom and even lower. When she continued to ride him, her body moving however she wanted, he could barely hang on. He'd never seen anyone look as beautiful as Ella at this moment.

When he knew he couldn't take much more, he slipped his hands higher, his fingers joining in. When he felt her climax start, he couldn't hold back his own. In one swift move, he picked her up and reversed their positions, taking her scream in his mouth as they both climaxed together.

Chapter 10

Ella woke up and instantly knew something was wrong. Looking around, she realized that she was alone! In Zayn's enormous bed, surrounded by cotton sheets so soft they felt like satin, she looked around the room, furious that he would be gone already. It was barely dawn! How could he do this again? Especially after the night they'd shared. He'd made love to her so many times and in so many ways, she was astounded by his endurance and creativity.

She looked around the room, holding the sheet over her nakedness, initially with hope that he was just in the bathroom or coming back to bed, and then with humiliation as her mind absorbed the silence.

He'd done it to her again! How could she be so gullible? A pair of strong arms, a kind word and she was putty in his hands.

She was also exhausted but she pulled herself out of bed, knowing that she'd never be able to get back to sleep again. She was too angry to think about getting back to sleep at this point anyway, her mind calling him every possible name she could think of.

She showered quickly, then dressed in a simple navy suit with slacks this time. She didn't have an agenda today since she avoided all of her lessons but her mind sifted through the issues she wanted to deal with. The primary one was discovering who was in charge of the palace staff and finding out how to hire her own servants to help her. This standoff between herself and the servants was going to end today!

Coffee, she told herself. Since it was so early in the morning, the irritating coffee service hadn't been delivered yet so she walked down the hallway towards the administrative offices. She knew where to find her morning coffee now and headed towards the small kitchen.

When she arrived, the offices were eerily quiet. Since it was barely dawn, she knew that most people were probably just making their way out of bed. She didn't mind though. It was actually a relief to be able to make her own coffee. Smiling, she absently tapped her platinum wedding ring against the inexpensive coffee cup, thinking through possible action plans.

She heard a noise but thought it might just be the first of the staff coming in for work. But as she listened to the sounds of the coffee percolating, the other sounds broke into her conscious thoughts, sounds of feet shuffling and mumbling, grew louder and more consistent.

It didn't sound like one or two people arriving to work. It sounded like an entire crowd of people walking to their desks. She peered around the kitchen wall, not wanting to be caught but what she saw startled her. In a single line, she saw the kitchen staff, the maids assigned to Zayn's private suite, the cleaning staff and even the stable hands were all marching into an elaborate, glassed-in conference room.

It looked odd and all of them had a wary expression on their faces. What was going on?

The coffee finished and she turned back to pour herself a cup. She considered just leaving the kitchen and heading back to Zayn's rooms, but her conscience got the better of her and she lifted the pot, found a tray and set several cups onto the tray. Those people all looked rather frazzled so they probably hadn't had their morning coffee. She didn't think they deserved her freshly brewed coffee, but it didn't feel right just leaving them. This coffee might go to waste anyway depending on what time the administrative staff arrived. It was so early in the morning that if she left it on the burner, it might just scald the bottom of the pot and the coffee itself, making it undrinkable.

She was carrying the tray out to the conference room, about to offer everyone a cup for whatever meeting was about to start when she heard Zayn's commanding voice.

"Is this everyone?" he asked a man who was standing to his left. After receiving a positive reply, Ella watched through the glass as Zayn looked over the group of people, all of them shamefaced for some reason.

"I've brought all of you here to demand an explanation for the treatment of my wife over the past few weeks. It is my understanding that each one of you have sabotaged her stay here in some way, making her life miserable." Turning to the chef, he glared at the man. "You have created inedible food, almost poisoning her in your efforts at retribution." To the stable man who had brought out that vicious horse, "And you have endangered her life by bringing Brutus as her first horse. That horse is for me to ride only and you know it. He's evil to anyone but me." Turning to the others, he said, "Her coffee is undrinkable, her clothes have gone unattended, her meals are ruined, her life put in danger and her emotions toyed with. All because I brought a woman into your midst that you don't approve of. I cannot believe each of you would commit treason in such a manner!"

As she watched Zayn tear into each individual, explaining their "crimes", her heart melted at how angry he was. And all on her behalf. The man was a terror, she realized. This was the man she remembered from her childhood and it warmed places within her that had been cold and in pain for the past six years.

As she watched and listened, Ella knew instantly that she'd fallen in love with this man. She couldn't believe it nor did she have any idea when it had happened, but it was true. Otherwise, she never would have been so hurt by his betrayal that morning six years ago and she never would have been so affected by him over the past few weeks. It seemed almost ridiculous to think that she could have fallen in love with a man she'd known for such a short time, but there wasn't any other explanation.

It forced her to think about the real reasons why she was so resistant to him. And the realization made her ashamed. She'd fallen so hard for him, but she'd been alone and scared and now she was getting back at him, exactly as she'd thought last night before he'd come into their suite.

She still would have been angry and scared after finding out she was pregnant, alone and unemployed, but that had been as much her fault as it was his. She couldn't blame him for that since he hadn't known what was going on. Of course, if he'd stayed around that morning, or kept in contact with her after their one night, she would have told him of her pregnancy.

It suddenly occurred to her that she'd been with Dorothy that first night after she'd been fired from the hotel. Her friend had showed up that afternoon to her apartment, following Ella home from the hotel. Even if Zayn had tried to contact her, she hadn't been around. She'd been at Dorothy's house with no phone, no contact information, no way for him to discover her whereabouts. She'd been living off the radar for months until Max was born.

Maybe Zayn was telling her the truth about trying to contact her, to find her. Maybe he'd tried for a while but, when there was no trace of her, which there wouldn't have been because Dorothy wouldn't dare tell anyone where Ella had gone, he'd given up and tried to move on with his life.

She looked at him through the conference room windows, her heart lightening for the first time in a long time. She couldn't believe how nice it was to not be angry with him. Suddenly, the world felt different, brighter, nicer. Kinder and much more exciting!

Her eyes focused on the group in the room. She'd seen Zayn in many different ways, but she honestly couldn't say she'd ever seen him as a ruler. Theoretically, she knew that she was ruler of Tusain, but since she hadn't been outside of the palace since she'd arrived, she'd never seen a demonstration of his authority. She'd only seen the side of him that he'd allowed her to view.

She cringed as she realized she was witnessing his power now. He might not have been born into this life, but he'd certainly adapted to his position. He had those staff members cowering with his anger, not to mention the words he was using were terrifying.

There was a universal gasp as each of the attendees realized what their ruler was saying. "I don't want any excuses or explanations. I will not charge any of you with treason, but you need to understand why I love this woman. Six years ago, I met a beautiful woman who's smile warmed my heart and made my anger over my new position go away for one night. She was sweet and kind and didn't know anything of life. While I was struggling over my newfound responsibilities and working night and day to resolve so many of the problems of Tusain, she was struggling to bring herself out of the slums, out of poverty. She was putting herself through school, she was working two different jobs so she could afford a place to live that didn't include daily drive-by shootings. And she was working at a job that was tedious and menial, but she was doing an outstanding job at it. She'd even lied on her application in order to get that job."

Ella didn't know how he'd learned some of that, but her heart swelled with love for the man who was defending her so righteously.

"She got pregnant after one night with me but even as an eighteen year old, out in the world with no job, no future and no hope, she didn't give up our child. She somehow figured out a way to give birth to your future ruler, my son!" his voice was soft and dangerous now and everyone in the room knew of his fury, could feel it emanating and wafting among them.

"As soon as I found out, I married her, brought her and my son here even over her protests. The woman was offered a role as my wife which I thought would include living in luxury, never again worrying about where her next meal would be or how she would pay the rent or feed our son. She begged me to just leave her and Max back in the United States. She didn't want this life. She wanted to go on living and working as she had before but I wouldn't allow it. So what did I do? I packed both of them up and shipped them to my home, only to dump her into a hellish, hostile environment. All of you have dishonored me. I am ashamed to have given you a job and refuge under my name but you are all terminated as of this moment."

"No!" Ella gasped, standing outside the conference room, still holding the tray containing the coffee pot and cups. She realized that her arms were aching from holding the tray for so long but she rushed into the conference room, setting the tray down on the table before turning to face Zayn. "You can't fire them," she told him firmly.

"What are you doing here?" he demanded, pulling her close and tucking her under his arm, protecting her with his body as well as his name. And she loved him even more for that show of support.

"I come here to get coffee each morning," she whispered, trying to soothe his anger but her statement only increased his ire.

Turning to the maid who delivered the coffee service each morning, he glared at her and Ella felt horrible for the woman who shrunk down, cringing in the face of Zayn's formidable wrath.

"You can't fire them, Zayn," she whispered, looking up into his dark, terrifying eyes.

"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't." He looked down at her, then back at the crowd who were all shivering with fear.

She turned to face him, putting a hand to the middle of his chest. "Because I think I understand why they were doing this to me."

"It doesn't matter why, they dishonored me and my name. They dishonored everything that I have been working for."

She soothed him by stepping closer, giving him a gentle hug. "I know. But understand their motives. They were actually protecting you." Before he could interrupt her again, she shook her head gently. "They knew I wasn't..." how did she say this delicately, "acting completely as your wife," she finally replied with a painful blush. "And they were angry with me for that. They were angry with me for not fully committing to this relationship with you and they were acting out of loyalty. They risked their employment and their futures because they love and respect you. Because they know what a good ruler you are and were angry with me for not seeing it as well."

"You are my wife!" he snapped, holding her upper arms. "They disrespected you as well."

She couldn't disagree with that. And they'd made her life a living hell for several weeks. "Yes, they did. But they were only looking out for you. And if they have that kind of fearless courage to withstand your wrath, I want each of them to be here, to convey that loyalty to Max and help him grow up. I don't want any of them terminated over what they've done to me."

"I can't let this go," he argued. "I won't allow them near you again."

She bit her lip and tried to come up with a compromise. "I love you," she whispered. "Will you trust me?"

He pulled her against him, hugging her gently. "What are you going to do?" he asked. "Serve them all coffee?" He'd just noticed the tray with coffee and cups on the conference table. He squeezed her once again. "I can't believe that you were going to serve your staff coffee after all that they've put you through."

She shrugged her shoulder. "They didn't look very happy when they were parading in here. Although I didn't know why and didn't expect you to be firing them. Or accusing them of treason."

"You're my queen, Ella. It is treason what they did to you."

She laughed and shook her head. "I don't feel like a queen."

He pulled her closer. "What do you want me to do?"

She rested her cheek against his chest, running through different possibilities in her mind. "Will you let me handle this?" she asked.

He looked down at her, searching her face for a clue as to what she might do. "Yes," he finally said. "As long as I'm still in the loop and can beat anyone who disrespects you again."

She smiled at his threat. "I know you wouldn't physically hurt anyone," she said but missed the look that said 'you have no idea' because she turned back to the crowd, leaning slightly against Zayn since he wrapped his arm around her waist.

"Each one of you may keep your jobs." She waited just long enough to hear the sighs of relief travel through the room. "Today," she went on sternly. "Each of you will have your job each day but if there's so much as a single infraction, your employment will be terminated by the end of that day. You will be stripped of your clearance and ability to work in the government and will be escorted out of the palace by the guards." Her eyes traveled around the room, looking at each person to ensure that they understood her resolve. "I not only approve of, but applaud, your loyalty to my husband and my son. But I guarantee that he and I will have our differences. Sometimes that will result in a fight between the two of us. But not a single person will relay anything they hear to another human being. Is that clear?" She waited for them to nod their head. "That means that, if you hear me snap at him in the dining room, no one in the bedrooms will hear about it. And if a reporter every gets wind of anything happening in the private lives of me, my husband or my children, every single person on staff will be terminated. So it is up to each of you to ensure that every other person on the staff respects our privacy. And I mean, if I get pregnant, there will be no slips to the press until we make the official announcement. If I decide to wear a purple gown to dinner one night, there will be zero knowledge of that outside of official pictures."

She looked around, each of them starting to straighten up, pull back their shoulders, as they realized that, not only were they going to be able to keep their jobs, but they would have an awesome responsibility to maintain an almost impossible level of privacy.

She felt Zayn's arm tighten and took that as a signal of his support and approval. But she kept her shoulders squared off and her head held high as she continued. "I don't care how tempting it is to sell secrets and gossip to the media. Each and every one of you will be summarily fired if anything leaks to the press about the private lives of my family." She thought quickly, trying to come up with additional ways to protect herself and her family which now included Zayn although how he'd snuck into her heart, she'd never understand. "You will all sign non-disclosure statements that will apply for your entire lifetime and the lifetime of my family. Never, under any circumstances, will any news of any of our foibles be leaked to the press or any other member of the staff unless we've directed such information to be released through official channels. I'll work with the lawyers to ensure that the punishment for any violations of this contract will be severe. Is that understood?"

Every single person nodded their heads, agreeing with her terms.

With a sigh of relief, she looked around and instinctively knew that she'd earned everyone's support and trust. It would still take time to earn their respect, but she suddenly felt up to the challenge.

"That will be all," she heard Zayn say from behind her.

As a group, every person bowed low and walked out of the conference room. Ella watched with relief as they all left, their heads low as if they knew that they'd done wrong and their hides had all been saved today.

Once they were alone in the conference room, Zayn turned her around so he could see her face.

"Did you mean what you said?" she asked shyly, peeking up through her long lashes.

"Every word of it."

"Even about loving me?" she whispered, his stern expression intimidating her slightly. "You don't have to say things like that if they aren't true. I know that we're here because of Max and you married me because you didn't want to lose him."

He chuckled softly, leaning against the conference room table so he was a bit lower and he could see her pale features more clearly. "I married you because, for the past six years, I hadn't been able to get you out of my mind. And when I saw you again, all I could think about was getting you back into my bed. As well as never letting you leave it." He laughed derisively as he said, "I didn't know that I'd be going through three weeks of hell, watching you walk around, taunting me with your lovely body and wanting you more than I've ever wanted any other woman in my life. That was painful."

She rolled her eyes. "What about you? Undressing in front of me, making me crazy with lust. Unfair!" she came back.

One of his dark eyebrows went up and he laughed. "I didn't know you'd even noticed. You gave a good impression of a woman completely oblivious to me."

She snorted, a very un-queen-like sound. "As if anyone could ignore you," she laughed. Turning serious, she said, "Thank you for defending me like that. It was very sweet,"

"I should have realized what was happening before now. I'm sorry you've been so miserable the past three weeks."

She shrugged. "I love you," she said, then held her breath, waiting for his reaction.

She waited a long time, her whole body tense and worried. "Do you mean it, Ella? Don't say that if you don't honestly mean it. Because I'll never let you take back the words."

"I mean it. I might go crazy loving you, but I really do," she sighed.

"I love you too. You've driven me crazy long enough." He bent low and kissed her gently but the kiss turned into something completely different, something more, something that shattered any remaining hurt she might be feeling about the past. She loved this man, couldn't get enough of him and wanted to spend the rest of her life making him happy.

She pulled back slightly and took a breath. "Will you do one thing for me though?"

"I'll do anything you ask."

She took a fist full of his shirt in both of her hands. "Don't leave me in the morning!" she growled. "I hate waking up after a night like last night and not having you there!" She laid her forehead down on his chest, ignoring the laughter grumbling through his body.

"How about if I take you back to bed right now and show you that I will be beside you when you wake up?"

She smiled and looked up at him. "And maybe we could start on your daughter?" she asked shyly.

"No!" she heard Max's voice say from behind her.

Both Ella and Zayn stood up and looked down at their little boy who was angrily glaring back at them. "I don't want a sister!" she stomped his tennis shoe shod foot. "I want a brother!"

Ella stared at her son with amazement. "And where did you come from?" she asked, watching as Zayn bent down and lifted him into his arms.

"Ms. Miller said you had a meeting in here and I wanted to make sure you were okay," he said, his little-boy eyes softening as he took in his mother's happy face. "You've been sad lately so I was going to bring you some cookies." He looked at his nanny, then back to his father with his head shaking. "She said you might like a flower instead," he replied, and opened his hand to reveal a crushed, white rose. "I guess I messed it up when I heard you wanted to make a sister for me." He looked at his father, scrunching up his nose. "I don't really like girls."

Zayn stared at his son for a long moment, then burst out laughing. "I'm going to quote you on that in a few years," he said. "We'll take him to breakfast," he said to Ms. Miller who was standing behind the doors to the conference room.

The three of them walked down the hallway, listening to Max chat about what was coming up today. Ella walked next to Zayn, his free arm wrapped around her waist and her head resting against his strong shoulder. "Thank you," she whispered, not wanting to interrupt Max, but wanting to let Zayn know how grateful she was to him for...just being himself. "I love you. Truly I do," she whispered.

She knew that he heard her because he squeezed her waist slightly as they walked to the dining room. Throughout the entire, delicious meal, she kept peeking at Zayn and feeling a warm glow when she found him staring right back at her.

Yes, life would be better now, she thought with happiness surrounding her.

