Chapter 1

The sun was hot and the humidity within the city was oppressive. The moist air caused the traffic pollution to mix with the scents of the restaurants and the other odors that were distinctly city oriented to hover in the air, pressing down on the occupants as if it were a heavy blanket with no hope of relenting any time soon.

Just like that first day, Victoria Phillips thought to herself. The horrifying thought startled her and she stopped in her tracks, terrified of those memories. "No!" she said out loud and shivered, not wanting any of those feelings to come back into her mind now. "This is ridiculous!" She pushed herself harder, walking as if a demon were on her back in an effort to reach the school where she was a guidance counselor for an elementary school.

Why was she thinking about that day again? Five years ago, she'd worked hard to eliminate all that pain from her system. Why was it coming back now? She was late, she told herself, just like that morning so long ago and she was rushing. Victoria looked around, searching for a long, dark car that would indicate that the past was going to repeat itself.

When she saw the car parked in front of the school, her steps faltered and her breath caught in her throat. It couldn't be! Blinking hard, she opened her eyes once again and stared in front of her, sure that her eyes were playing tricks on her. But the elegant limousine didn't disappear. It sat there, ominously mocking her as if it were a giant snake about to reach out and attack her with a venomous bite.

She almost dropped her bag and ran the other way. The pain ripping through her heart was almost as intense as it had been that day five years ago.

When a tall, dark man with a muscular frame got out of the car, she gasped as the painful memories came flooding back to her. Sure enough, there he was. And, impossibly, he was bigger and more handsome than she remembered him.

Five Years earlier

A taxi sped by, his horn blaring at some perceived offense, then drove past, leaving the smell of exhaust permeating the earth in its wake. Victoria pulled her thick brown hair off her neck, wishing she'd taken a few more minutes that morning to pin up the heavy curtain of soft, brown curls. But after spending most of the previous night in the library studying, she hadn't wanted to wake up early enough to take the time to do anything more than shower and change before heading off to her morning classes.

Her green, almond shaped eyes looked up at the sky, noting the red disk of the sun. That was never a good sign, she thought. She remembered her father's saying, "Red sun at night, sailor's delight. Red sun in morning, sailor's take warning." What warning they would take, she wasn't sure. He never went farther than just quoting the phrase. She suspected that it meant they would have a hot, humid, awful day. Just like today was starting out to be.

She pulled her hair over her shoulder, trying to give her back some relief from the heat. Since she'd been so rushed earlier, she was paying the price since her hair was sticking to her neck and her sundress, which had seemed such a pretty, lively and more importantly, cool, choice earlier in the day. The dress was unfortunately covering her legs which could be the grateful recipient of what little breeze was available if she'd chosen her normal choice of shorts and a tee-shirt.

Hefting her heavy bag of books more securely onto her shoulder, she hurried on to her class, wishing she didn't have to travel so far through London. Unfortunately, her tiny dorm room was on the opposite side of the campus from her class and there was nothing to do for it but walk faster or be late.

She was hurrying with her head bowed low in an effort to keep the sun off her face and out of her eyes so she didn't see the limousine pull up beside the tall building. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a door open and a tall man get out, surrounded by other men who were shorter, but scarier looking. Unfortunately, even those nebulous thoughts didn't enter into her mind quickly enough. She was walking too fast with a book bag that was too heavy, leaving her off balance so when the men started walking into the building, she wasn't able to stop herself fast enough.

As if in slow motion, Victoria saw her bag slip from her shoulder, then the arm swing wide, knocking her chin and tossing her to her knees.

The sudden burst of pain came from several directions all at once. She could feel the cement dig into the soft skin of her knees as she slid across the rough surface, then the pain entered the palms of her hands as she tried to keep her face from a similar fate as her knees. Both palms were subjected to the same rough surface but even that wasn't her primary pain. Her jaw was suddenly aching as if it had been lit on fire, then the throbbing told her that she'd been hit for some bizarre reason. Her confused eyes looked around, trying to identify the source and reason for the strike but nothing in the world made sense to her pain-fogged brain.

As all of these sensations were tallied in her brain, a distant crying sound penetrated and that was the only issue she was able to deal with at the moment. Looking around, her eyes searched for and found the little girl who was now clinging to her mother's leg. Victoria stood up, ignoring the pain that shot through her hands, knees and face with the effort. Going over to the little girl, she smiled, battling the sharp stab of pain from her jaw and bent down to the child's level.

"Don't worry, sweetheart," Victoria said calmly. "I'm okay. Are you hurt?" she asked.

The mother also bent down to reassure her daughter and after several moments, the two of them were able to calm the child enough so that she was smiling again. "What's your name?" Victoria asked, when the child had overcome her crying.

"Lucy," the girl said.

"Lucy, I hope you have a very nice rest of the day and I think you are sweet to be concerned for me."

The little girl, who had to be no more than five or six years old, reached out a chubby hand and gently touched Victoria's face. "Does it hurt?" she asked. She noticed the little girl looking over Victoria's shoulder shyly but she kept her attention solely on Lucy and her anxiety.

Victoria wasn't sure who was behind her and hid her curiosity well from Lucy, preferring to deal with one problem at a time. "Not really. I'm made of pretty tough stuff," she said, grinning broadly for Lucy's benefit.

The mother smiled at Victoria, then at her daughter. "See? Everything is okay. Are you ready to go home to see daddy? He should be back by now."

Lucy smiled, eager to see her father and obviously relieved that no one was hurt. The child took her mother's hand and continued with their walk home, obviously eager to tell her father about their incident of the day. Victoria heard the small child chattering away but the only words that she was able to understand were "scary men" before she was out of hearing distance.

Victoria stood up and all the pain she'd been pushing to the back of her brain came rushing forward. Her knees, palms and especially her face were suddenly on fire and she wanted to melt down into the cement and lean her sore body against the building. But she knew that the little girl wasn't the only one that needed reassurance and she forced herself to find the inner strength to face the other audience.

Turning slowly, she tried to bring up another smile for the strangers she knew where standing behind her, hoping to reassure them so she could stop being a spectacle. But the sight that greeted her when she turned around was too much. The tall, dark man standing directly behind her, holding her book bag in one hand and reaching for her right hand with the other, was possibly the most handsome man she'd ever seen, even from the movies. "Are you sure you are okay?" the tall, incredibly gorgeous man asked. He was at least six feet three inches tall, towering over the other men around him. And although they were bulkier, he was extremely muscular himself. His eyes were dark, almost black as was his hair which was cut short, barely brushing the collar of his shirt.

Victoria's only thought was that he had a lovely accent and spoke perfect English. The next thing she knew, she was watching the building swing around her and the sky was blinding her as her mind started spinning, twirling around and her eyes stopped focusing. Then blackness.

Dharr Hokum Qudama the third, Sheik of Ashir, the most powerful middle eastern country with oil reserves beyond the imagination, found himself at a loss for the first time in his life as the stunningly beautiful woman in front of him slowly started falling to the earth. With reflexes honed from long hours in military training and an innate sense that women should be protected at all costs, he caught the fainting woman in his arms, easily lifting her up and cradling her as his body guards opened the door to the building he had been about to enter only minutes earlier for business meetings.

As he stared down into her lovely face, he was startled by the perfection of her features. He knew her now closed eyes were a sharp, crystal green. Now that he could no longer see her eyes, he noticed the flawlessness of her skin that was pale white now but a moment before had been tinted with peach color on her high cheekbones. Her eye lashes were long and black as they lay against her skin and he wondered if they were covered in mascara. He didn't think so. They looked natural but too long to be real. Her hair was incredible, the soft, brown curls falling like a cascade of water almost to the ground as he held her close to his chest. He wanted to run his fingers in the curls just to see if they were really as soft to the touch as they looked but he didn't have a free hand at the moment.

Shifting her slight weight in his arms, he tried to be the gentleman and not notice her petite figure but he was a man and any male with blood running through his veins would notice her. Her breasts were large for her small frame but she had a tiny waist and slender hips topping off long, shapely legs. It was the kind of figure a woman would spend hours in the gym trying to achieve, he knew.

Pushing thoughts of her physical assets to the side, he lifted her more closely to him, enjoying the way she felt, as if she were meant to be just for him. "To the hospital," Dharr commanded and all five of his body guards retreated back to either the limousine or the waiting black SUV that was parked in front of the building. Within moments, the limousine was pulled up in front of the emergency room where a doctor was standing by, obviously alerted to the situation by one of the guards phoning ahead and prepared to help in any way he could.

Stepping out of the limousine, he refused to transfer her figure to the waiting gurney. "What is wrong with her?" Dharr demanded of the doctor who was checking the prone woman's pulse and eyes. "Don't hurt her!" Dharr said when she started to moan softly.

Dharr liked the way she moved, even when coming out of a dead faint. She was graceful as her body slowly came back to consciousness and he watched in fascination as those lovely green eyes blinked and focused.

It was odd that a man with his reputation with women, someone who could, and did, have any woman he desired with the flick of his wrist, was so entranced by this one, young, lovely woman who wasn't even wearing makeup or designer clothes. Even so, his body was instantly reacting to hers, appreciating the innocent sensuality that she conveyed with her movements.

The doctor was monitoring her resumption of consciousness and nodded approvingly. "I think she is okay although she has some nasty scrapes on her knees." The doctor stepped back and watched for a moment, carefully checking for any signs of problems as she looked around the sterile emergency room that was cut off from the rest of the area only by a white sheet. "Her pulse is normal. She probably just stood up too quickly or hasn't eaten in too long," he suggested.

Victoria listened to the deep voices around her but tried not to move, afraid that the pain she was feeling in her jaw and legs would intensify. All she could understand is that she was in a white room with two men looking down at her. She had no idea how she'd gotten here or why they were looking so concerned. Actually, the man who was obviously a doctor if his white coat and stethoscope were any indication, was not looking concerned any longer. But the handsome man beside him was definitely worried. "What's wrong?" she croaked, then wondered why her voice was so strange. The pain that shot through her jaw when she spoke also was bizarre.

"You fainted," the handsome man replied, moving the doctor out of the way. "Are you okay?" he asked, bending down to look at her face, taking her hand in his and checking her pulse himself.

Victoria was confused by the concern that was showing in the man's eyes but his lips were compressed as if he were angry with her for some reason. "Yes," she replied, then tried to sit up. "I'm fine," she said, but then the dizziness came back and she grimaced, trying to keep her head from spinning by placing her hand on her forehead.

As soon as she tried to sit up, his hand touched her shoulder, keeping her laying flat on the bed. "You must relax for another moment. No sudden moves until the doctor has said you are okay," the man replied.

The heat that went through Victoria's body when he touched her frightened her enough that she actually shrank back against the bed, unsure of herself and the man. "Where am I?" she asked, naturally turning to the taller man who had a commanding presence, giving off an aura of authority that just ignited the air around her. She tried to smile to give the man the impression she was okay but she wasn't sure if it worked.

"You're in a hospital," he explained gently.

Victoria didn't like that word at all. Hospitals meant money. Lots of it. That was one thing she didn't have, being at school on a scholarship. "The hospital?" she yelped, sitting up quickly and evading the man's hand while swinging off the bed on one graceful movement. Unfortunately, the sudden movement had her swaying again and the man's hands reached out to steady her.

"Whoa!" she said, holding onto the bed, praying she wouldn't make a fool of herself again and pass out. After several minutes, the room stopped spinning and she was able to make sense of the words being spoken. "....sit back down," the tall man was saying firmly.

Victoria turned her attention back to him, a frown on her face. "Excuse me?" she asked, looking him up and down as if he were beneath her. Unfortunately, the idea of what a hospital visit would do to her budget was making her a little snappish. She didn't have the money to toss at a series of doctors and needed to leave as soon as possible. In her current state of mind, this tall, attractive man was the main hindrance from her leaving as quickly as she could.

Besides the expense of the hospital, he was actually ordering her around. She didn't like that one bit. She wasn't even used to her gentle father giving her orders, she surely wasn't going to take them from a stranger who thought he was in charge of the world. "Who do you think you are? I don't take orders from you, sir. Not even if you were the Prince of Wales," she sniffed. Handsome or not, she hated arrogant men! And this one could give lessons.

Dharr was shocked enough to almost smile. Almost. How could a tiny slip of a woman speak to him like this? Didn't she know who he was? The doctor obviously did if the horrified look on his face was any indication. Surely it was the novelty of the whole situation that amused him. He would never permit such conduct otherwise, he told himself.

Dharr waved the doctor's protests aside before they could be spoken. "How about something to clean those scrapes," he said, turning to the doctor and interrupting what was probably an explanation as to why the woman shouldn't speak to Dharr this way.

For some reason, Dharr didn't want his anonymity broken. And what Dharr wanted, he got. The doctor immediately disappeared, leaving the two of them alone.

Victoria stared at the man, wondering what to do next. She realized that her manners were severely lacking and knew that her mother would be horrified if she didn't make amends. Smiling brightly to the man, she stuck out her hand, then grimaced as she saw the ugly scrapes on the palms. "I guess I should introduce myself," she started off, hiding her hands from his concerned view. "I'm Victoria Phillips. How do you do?" she said. She extended the least abused hand, which, thankfully, was her right one.

Dharr stared at the hand for a split second before accepting it. The normal introduction would be for her to bow slightly before him but, continuing with the novelty of the situation, he took her hand in his, enfolding her cold, slim, scraped hand in his large one, covering it with the other and taking a step towards her. "It is indeed a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ms. Phillips. I am Dharr Qudama, at your service. I regret the incident which caused you to be in this position. I will endeavor to make it up to you," he said.

"What do you mean?" she asked, her eyes wide as she looked up into his dark, intense gaze.

"It was my man who caused your fall. He was acting with an overzealous sense of duty and will be eliminated immediately from my guard."

Victoria was horrified. "You mean you're going to fire him?"

"Of course," he said, not an ounce of regret or emotion showing on his tanned face.

She didn't like being responsible for anyone losing their job. It was a tough economy and anyone fired would have a hard time finding a new position. "But why?"

Dharr reached up and gently touched a finger to the already darkening spot on her jaw. "Such beauty should not be marred, Ms. Phillips."

Victoria stuttered, flustered by this man's touch and confused as to why his touch could cause so much tumult within her system when other men's touch just caused irritation. She was also unsure of what this man represented but sure he was powerful and could genuinely hurt the man's chances of continued employment. "But if he is on your staff, shouldn't you train him more thoroughly? I mean, really, if he acted inappropriately, isn't it your fault? Shouldn't you give him a second chance?"

Dharr actually smiled this time. It was too much. He was constantly surrounded by people vying for power and positions close to him, thereby making themselves more powerful in their associations with him. But here was an innocent woman begging for a stranger's continued employment. A stranger who could have broken her jaw if his swing had been any harder. What she didn't know was that Dharr's personal guard was the elite of the Ashiri military, specially trained for years before they are even considered to be close to Dharr. These men were trained in arms, munitions and personal combat but here was a woman weighing maybe a little more than one hundred pounds and might reach five and a half feet tall protecting a man she'd never met.

The doctor returned to the closed off area with cleaning supplies and Dharr took them, dismissing the man with a nod. As he prepared a sterile gauze to start the cleaning, he asked, "You protect a man who wounded you. Yet you know nothing about him. Why would you do that?"

"Well," Victoria thought hard, knowing she had to come up with a reason why the man shouldn't be fired or feel awful about it, "he didn't mean to, did he? It was only an accident." The cool liquid felt wonderful against her suddenly aching knees. She hadn't really noticed that they were still on fire while she was talking to the man called Dharr but as she looked down, she noticed the mean looking scrapes on her knees. Raising the hem of her dress slightly, she saw that the scrapes were long and relatively deep. "Oh, goodness," she said, inhaling sharply when he put the gauze on a particularly deep area.

"Does that hurt?" he asked, instantly moving off the area, looking down at her face.

The compassion in his eyes created butterflies in her stomach. She felt funny, knowing that this obviously powerful man was taking the time to clean her scrapes. She also felt bad for speaking to him so harshly a few moments before. "Don't worry," she said, reaching out to take the gauze so she could clean the area herself. For some reason, this man's closeness was overwhelming her. "I can do that," she said softly. She wished her hands didn't shake as she reached out to take the cleaning supplies from him.

Dharr put a hand on her wrist to lower it, and continued his tender ministrations. "Explain to me why you would defend someone you don't know," he demanded.

Victoria smiled at his autocratic tone. "You aren't very good at asking, are you?" she teased.

"Asking?" Dharr questioned. "Asking what?"

Victoria only laughed, her suspicions confirmed. "Well, that answers my question, doesn't it?"

"Explain," he said, enjoying the dimples that suddenly appeared in her cheeks. They brought his attention to her soft, full lips. Lips that would look lovely begging him to kiss her, he thought.

His command to explain only caused another chuckle to burst from Victoria. "I mean, you want to know why I would defend someone but instead of putting it to me as a query, you simply demand an answer. I think you're mother would be ashamed of your manners, Mr. Qudama."

Dharr stared in shock as the tiny woman actually tssked him. He couldn't help but smile in response. "I don't think my mother would be offended," he replied.

Her head tilted to the side and her sharp, green eyes turned curious. "Why not? I think all mothers would want their children to be raised with manners."

Dharr liked the way her soft, brown hair fell over her shoulder as she tilted her head. It was lovely, he thought and again he had the impulse to bury his hands in the long tresses, pushing back the small, wispy curls that framed her face. . "My mother is dead," he said without emotion.

Victoria instantly felt awful. Putting a hand out, she touched his shoulder, sure that the stiffness in his manner was because of his recent loss. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Qudama. I apologize for bringing it up. It must have been hard for you," she said. Tears welled in her eyes as she looked up into his hard, unyielding ones. "I can see that you miss her," she said.

Dharr's hand stopped, not because he was finished but because he could no longer move. The emotion clogging her voice and the tears in her eyes melted a small part of his heart that had been frozen for so long he hadn't even known it existed. Why was this woman, this beautiful stranger, crying for his mother that had passed away when he was in his teens? He was thirty years old and long past needing his mother's comforting arms, which she'd never offered to begin with.

"Thank you," was all he could say.

Victoria took the gauze from his hand and finished the task, wincing several times when she hit a particularly painful spot but persevering despite the pain. When she was done, she looked up at him, smiling brightly. "Well, that wasn't so bad, I suppose," she replied and slid down off the gurney. "Promise me something?" she asked, picking up the mess and tossing it into the appropriate bins.

"Anything," Dharr promised.

"Anything?" she asked, turning back to him with another bright smile on her face and mischief twinkling in her eyes. "What if I ask for a new car or a castle? Shouldn't you hear what I'm asking before you promise the moon?"

Dharr felt like chuckling since he could indeed deliver on anything she asked. Possibly not the moon, but even that might be within the realm of possibility in a few years. "Okay, anything within reason?" he said.

Victoria nodded but then turned serious. "Please don't do anything about the man who accidentally knocked me down," she said. "It really won't be too bad."

Dharr walked closer to her and touched her skin where a bruise was already forming. "How old are you?" he asked.

Victoria had to concentrate since his touch had driven all thoughts out of her mind. "Uh...twenty," she said.

"Only twenty?" he asked, thinking he felt much older than his thirty years of age.

Victoria blinked at his response, wondering if he thought her a child. He was obviously much older than she was but felt it was important to point out that she wasn't too young. Too young for what, she didn't let her mind define. "I don't feel 'only' anything. Besides, twenty isn't too young," she asserted strongly.

"It isn't too young for what?" he asked, and was delighted when she blushed again.

She glanced away but only for a moment, looking back up at him through her long lashes. "You're teasing me, but really, I'm not that young. I'm only two years away from graduation which at times feels like eternity but will come eventually."

He decided it wouldn't be gentlemanly to tease her more about her innocence. "What are you studying?" he asked, changing the subject.

"Psychology."

"And what do you want to do with a degree in psychology?"

"Help people," she said without hesitation.

"Help who?"

"Children probably,' she said, smiling despite her nervousness. "They are wonderful little people but sometimes they are so vulnerable and misunderstood."

Dharr stared at her lips, the need to bend down and taste them almost overwhelming. But he resisted the urge and took a step back. He needed to just forget about this woman and her refreshing honesty and spirit. He had work to do and very little time to finish it before heading back to Ashir. "Now that you are cleaned up, may I give you a lift somewhere?" he asked.

Victoria snapped out of her dream were she was being kissed by the man. He was probably married or seeing someone seriously. No man this gorgeous and sexy could remain unattached.

She sat up straighter, testing her head tentatively by turning it from right to left. When nothing happened, she shook her head in response to his offer. "No, thank you. I'm only a block away from my class," she said and gasped. "Oh no! My class. I'm going to be late," she said and hurried out of the room. At the split in the curtains, she suddenly stopped and turned back to Dharr. "Thank you so much for your kindness, Mr. Qudama. I'm sorry to have been so silly by fainting on you."

Dharr watched her rush over to a nurse, taking out her wallet. The nurse quickly shook her head, obviously explaining that the hospital bill had already been paid. He slipped out of the curtained area, following the signs to the exit where he knew his limousine was waiting. It had been a refreshing interlude, but now it was over and he needed to get back to work.

Once the nurse explained that one of the burly men with Dharr had paid her bill already, Victoria glanced back to the curtained area, intending to wave her thanks. But the man was already gone. Her heart dropped and she felt like the sun had just left for the day, leaving only the heat and oppressive humidity.

Walking out of the hospital, she looked up at the sunshine still beating down on the busy city sidewalks and sighed. So much for life's little fantasies, she thought.

Stepping out onto the sidewalk, she made a determined stride towards her class. It was a once a week class so it would last three hours today. She'd already missed the first hour but she could make it for the last two.

Chapter 2

Victoria buried her head in her hands when her suitemate arrived, full of vivacious energy. "Hello!" Jasmine said, excitedly dancing into the shared sitting area. "What a beautiful day! What are you doing studying?" she asked, dumping her books onto a chair and taking a seat next to Victoria.

Being in their third year, they were in the suites instead of the dorm rooms. That meant there were two bedrooms on either side of a small sitting area and a tiny kitchen. No matter how much Victoria tried to keep the areas cleaned up, Jasmine wasn't the most helpful. But Victoria loved the other woman's spirit and vitality so she dealt with the negative side of Jasmine while enjoying the fun side. Unfortunately, Victoria didn't have time to deal with either side right at the moment. She tried to hide her frustration at Jasmine's inability to understand Victoria's need for quiet.

Victoria glanced up, smiling briefly at Jasmine before looking back down at her book. "I have my mid term exams tomorrow in three classes. Don't you?"

Jasmine flopped dramatically into the kitchen, searching for and finding a soda and popping the can before bouncing back to the sofa. "Goodness no! I had my mid terms earlier this week so I'm pretty much free. But I'll bet you need a little time alone," Jasmine grinned.

Victoria was instantly relieved that Jasmine understood Victoria's predicament. Usually Jasmine was a bit self-centered and would just ignore subtle as well as obvious hints for study time. "That would be lovely," Victoria replied gratefully.

"Just call me if you need me to test you but you probably don't need any more help. Knowing you, you'll ace the exams with out any studying," she said, bouncing off the sofa and heading for her room. A moment after the door to Jasmine's bedroom closed, the music started thumping loudly and Victoria groaned in exasperation.

Knowing how Jasmine would sit in her room for hours reading or just listening to her music, Victoria grasped that relief was no where in sight. Resignedly, she packed up her books and accepted that she'd have to head to the library if she was to get any more studying done.

Rushing out the door, Victoria was tugging her bag over her shoulder and pulling the door to their suite closed at the same time when she ran into a solid brick wall.

"Oomph!"

Strong arms reached out to stop her backwards fall while at the same time, she dropped her bag and reached out to grab hold of the brick wall.

When she was steady again and able to focus, she looked up. Then up higher again. Right into the eyes of Dharr. "Oh my!" she gasped, her eyes widening and her cheeks blushing instantly.

"Oh my, indeed. We really have to stop meeting like this," he said but his hands remained on her hips, holding her close.

Victoria quickly released her hold and stepped back, her blush deepening when she realized she was holding onto him, and liking it. The muscles she'd felt under her hands were impressive and her fingers itched to feel them again, to be close and smell his aftershave which was spicy and masculine and just plain sexy. "I'm sorry," she said quickly, trying to hide her embarrassment.

"I'm not," Dharr said, his eyes full of humor and appreciation for her beauty and refreshing innocence. "I just wish I could find a way to get closer without the possibility of marring such perfection," he said, one hand reaching out to touch the now purple area along her jaw.

Victoria smiled but couldn't hold his gaze. "Oh, don't worry about this," she said, waving the bruise aside. "I bruise easily," she said.

"Does it hurt?" he asked, ignoring her attempt to ease his conscience.

She dared to glance at him, wondering if the tenderness she heard in his voice was reflected in his face. It wasn't but there was a softness in his eyes that hadn't been there before. "Not really," she lied. It actually ached quite a bit.

Dharr smiled slightly and touched her cheek again. "I wonder if you're lying to protect me or the man who did this to you with his carelessness?"

Victoria laughed nervously. Besides her mother, no one had been able to see through her quite so easily. "A little of both perhaps."

"You have a tender heart," he replied. Then he looked around. "But what is that noise? Is someone beating themselves?"

Victoria listened for a moment and realized what he was hearing. Odd, but she'd blocked out the rest of the world completely while he was touching her. "That...ah... is my roommate," she explained. "She's listening to music."

Dharr's mouth thinned. "That's not music," he declared. "It is simply noise. And you are running from it yourself, are you not?"

"Yes," she admitted.

Dharr studied her for a moment. "And you are too nice to ask her to turn it off?"

Victoria shrugged. She suspected that he would never hesitate to ask someone to turn down their music but it just wasn't in her to ask someone to change when it was just as easy for her to leave the area. "It's her suite as well," Victoria justified.

"And where will you go to escape the abhorrent noise?" he asked.

"I was going over to the library to study," she said. She suddenly looked up at him and asked, "How did you find out where I lived?" She knew she hadn't given him her address, nor even where she was going to school. It was odd that he had been able to track her down.

He looked at her for a long moment, considering his words. "I have many sources," was all he would say in response.

She watched his eyes, wishing she had the courage to ask more, but he was too intimidating. And overwhelming. "Well, I need to go," she finally said. But she didn't move, still staring up into his magnificent, dark eyes.

"Have dinner with me tonight?" he asked.

Victoria instantly smiled, delighted at the possibility of spending more time with him. "Really?"

Dharr's face actually smiled again. "Really. I would enjoy your company," he explained.

Her smile faded a moment later. "Is this just another way to try and pay me off?" she asked. "Because it isn't necessary. I promise, I won't sue you or your employee."

Dharr actually laughed out loud. "The thought never even entered my mind," he said. It was delightful to talk to someone who didn't have any idea of who he was. The idea of someone suing the King of Ashir was too ludicrous to contemplate. But he was going to relish being just a man for as long as it lasted. It was refreshing to see a woman's reaction to him and him alone. Not his title nor his power or wealth.

It was also refreshing to see such innocence. The women of his acquaintance were either bred specifically to entice him and therefore were taught in the ways of pleasing a man and his tastes therefore became theirs. Or they were already well versed in the ways of sex and only using him to find pleasure. Dharr avoided the first and encouraged the latter, enjoying the many women who threw themselves at him, seduced as much by himself as by the idea of having a liaison, no matter how short or long, with the King of Ashir. The title alone would guarantee him unlimited numbers of women. And he was spoiled by their attentions.

But now, he was reveling in the anonymity of being with this one, young innocent woman who knew nothing about him other than that he was surrounded by body guards at times. He almost dreaded the moment when she would find out who he was. It would change everything. Until that moment, he determined that he would enjoy her company.

"I guarantee that the thought hadn't entered my mind. I'll pick you up at eight?" he asked.

Victoria could only nod in response. She was having dinner with Dharr! Just like in her dream last night and she suspected that it would be even better than her dream.

"Until tonight then," he said and bowed slightly before turning to leave.

Victoria leaned her back against the dormitory wall, afraid her knees would give out on her. She watched him walk away, his stride confident and commanding. The other students actually moved out of the way as he approached, apparently seeing the same thing she did when he walked. That man definitely knew how to take charge, she told herself.

He disappeared around the stairway corner and she was finally able to snap out of her dream-like trance. She also noticed the bulky men step out from the shadows and follow him. Goodness, she thought, she hadn't even been aware that they were standing there only a few feet away. They really knew how to make themselves invisible. It was a little terrifying to know that, whatever Dharr did for a living, he needed that kind of protection wherever he went.

"What are you doing standing there, Tory-girl?" Scott Mason asked. Scott was tall but not nearly as all as Dharr. He was also gangly where Dharr was muscular and Scott's shoulders drooped as was the current fashion. Dharr was conservative elegance. Scott was the epitome of the latest fad. Scott was also very homosexual and proud of it. And he was her best friend. He was brilliant and going to be one of the best fashion designers the world has ever seen since Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent. He was a genius at women's fashions. Perhaps because he was a male who wasn't interested in the female body as a sexual compliment, he was able to study the female body as an art form. His designs were intriguing and creative, hiding any woman's flaws and emphasizing her assets.

Victoria had acted as a model for him on several occasions and therefore had several gorgeous outfits that he'd created just for her.

Victoria blinked at his sudden presence, then smiled brightly. "Oh, Scott! I met the most amazing man yesterday."

"You? The last virgin on earth?" he laughed. "Impossible."

"Possible!" she laughed, ignoring his jibe about her sexual status. "And he's incredibly gorgeous!"

"Hmmm...any chance he might like me more than you?" he suggested, nudging her with his shoulder in a teasing fashion.

"Back off," she laughed. Bending down, she picked up her book bag and headed down the stairs. "He's taking me out to dinner tonight."

Scott followed her along, thrilled that she'd found someone she was interested in at last. "And what are you going to wear?" he asked, excited about the prospect of showing off one if his latest designs.

Victoria stopped in the middle of the stairway. "Oh no! Scott, what am I going to wear?" she asked, suddenly nervous. "I can't go out with someone like Dharr. He's so out of my league," she said, her hand going up to cover her forehead. "He's champagne and I'm....." she struggled to find the appropriate words, "tap water," she finally said.

Scott laughed out loud. "You're kidding, right?" he asked, looking down at her delicate beauty blocking the staircase. Other students were slipping around them so Scott pulled her over to the side. He saw that many of the men watched her for as long as possible, their eyes straying to her legs or any part of her sexy, petite frame. And she had absolutely no idea that they were doing it. She was the most un-vain woman he'd ever met.

Victoria bowed her head in frustration and anxiety. "No. I'm not. You should see him, Scott! He's fabulous! And gorgeous and I suspect he's relatively rich so what in the world could I possibly offer a man like that?"

Scott shook his head, amazed that this gorgeous woman didn't understand her worth. She was sweet and sensitive with a deep understanding of other people's happiness and sadness. The happiness she encouraged and the sadness, she was able tease them out of. She was the most beautiful woman inside he'd ever had the pleasure of knowing. And outside, she was an absolute knockout whose figure he used to display his designs to perfection.

"Don't you worry about what to wear when I'm around," he admonished. "And as for the other, you just be yourself and he'll fall in love with you harder than you could ever imagine."

Victoria smiled. "Really?" she asked, remembering saying that to Dharr only a few minutes ago.

"Really. Now if that bulging book bag is any indication, then you probably have midterms tomorrow, eh?" After she nodded, Scott suggested, "Then come along darling and while you're studying, I'll dream up other lovely creations to cover those magnificent breasts with," he said, laughing when he received the expected blush.

"You're bad, Scott," she admonished. "But I'll take you up on your offer as long as Rudy isn't here. Is he still visiting his parents in Ireland?" she asked, referring to Scott's boyfriend. He was nice enough but liked to talk when Victoria needed quiet time to study and worry about tonight.

"He is so don't worry. Plenty of quiet at my place," he assured her.

Victoria spent the rest of the afternoon studying, forcing thoughts of Dharr out of her mind until six o'clock when Scott demanded that she stop and get ready. "I have to do your hair, dearie. Because if I know you, and I do," he teased, "then you're just going to brush it and leave it down, right?"

"That was the plan, yes," she said, closing her book and tucking it into her book bag.

"Not going to work," he said. "Not if you're going to wear this," he said and pulled a creamy white, beaded dress out of the closet. "What do you think?" he asked.

Victoria gasped in delight. "Scott! It is wonderful," she said. Getting up, she walked over to the dress and touched the glittering sequins that danced all over the fabric in a creative design. There were flat sequins as well as drop beads that created an almost flighty feeling. The white would look perfect with her soft, brown hair and creamy skin. "When did you make this?" she asked.

"No time for flattery. Just hop into the shower and then come out here. And just please tell me you aren't wearing your usual plain, white underwear."

Victoria blushed. "Of course!"

Scott sighed. "Don't you have anything else?" he demanded.

"No! Besides, Dharr isn't going to see my underwear tonight anyway," she claimed and slipped into the bathroom.

"Pity," Scott said, noting her perfect derriere, which was the last thing he saw before the bathroom door closed.

While she'd been in the shower, Scott had called over to Jasmine to explain the situation and ask that she bring over some makeup. An hour and a half later, Scott put the final touches on her hair. He'd demanded that she blow dry her hair, then he curled the ends so her hair floated around her shoulders like a soft, brown cloud. The dress was the perfect foil for her figure, enhancing her tiny waist and pushing her breasts higher. Her cleavage was showing over the neckline, making her breasts look larger than they really were. And since she wasn't small breasted in the first place, they became quite obvious in the dress.

Chapter 3

Victoria stared at her reflection in the mirror and was astonished. She'd modeled many dresses for Scott before, some more daring than this one. But she'd only been in front of a camera when she'd worn them. She'd never before been about to embark on a date with a man so much more worldly than she was. "Scott, are you sure about this dress?" she asked, pulling up the top and trying to flatten out her breasts. "Isn't it too....revealing?" she finished.

"Absolutely," he said, smiling in the mirror.

"It looks great," Jasmine exclaimed. "I still think you should wear more makeup. Just a touch of liner to your eyes would make them look bigger, smokier. Very sexy, you know."

Victoria shook her head. "That's not really me, Jasmine," she said, smiling to soften the rejection.

Jasmine sighed and shook her head. "I know. I'd just like to meet this guy. You've never been excited about the men I've set you up with. What's so great about this one?" she asked, smiling and settling down with a glass of wine that Scott handed her.

Scott rolled his eyes and poured a glass for himself, not bothering to offer one to Victoria although he thought she needed one just to calm herself down. "You should know that Victoria wouldn't be interested in the men you bring around, Jasmine. Just look at them and then look at her. All the men you introduce her to have body piercings. Does Victoria really look like someone who would be interested in someone like that?"

Jasmine looked at her sweet, innocent looking suitemate and sighed, knowing that Scott had a point. "Eh, you've got to try them all on, you know, before you settle down with one of them."

Scott took a sip of wine before responding to Jasmine's latest philosophy for her life. "That's another thing, Victoria doesn't try them on. She barely even tastes them."

Victoria laughed, knowing how the discussion was heading since it had all been said before. "Stop. You both make me sound like a frigid old maid. I'm not quite on the shelf yet, you know."

Scott eyed Victoria in the dress. "We can only hope that this Dharr person takes you down from the shelf, dearie. I'm telling you, you're missing out on a lot of fun."

Victoria shivered in excitement at the idea of Dharr 'taking her off the shelf', so to speak. "Well, I'm glad you both won't be accompanying me tonight. I shudder at the idea of what you would suggest during dinner."

"As long as you're shuddering, dear, that's all we care about," Scott said. Jasmine clinked glasses with him, chuckling at their turn of phrase.

Victoria just rolled her eyes and picked up her books. "I'm heading out. I'll see you later," she called out as she left the dorm. She had only five more minutes before Dharr was supposed to be picking her up at her dorm. She'd have to hurry to get back there in time.

She reached her dorm just as Dharr was walking up the steps. "Hello!" she said, slightly breathless from rushing across campus in high heeled shoes and the two flights of stairs. "Let me just drop my bag inside and grab my purse," she said.

"You look lovely," he said and watched her rush across the room, enjoying again her refreshing innocence. He questioned his instincts yet again. His mind was telling him that she was pure but he couldn't understand how someone with so lush a figure could not know a man's body. It was inconceivable to him. But he was going to enjoy the illusion for a while.

"Thank you," she said and turned to face him, looking down as she picked up a small beaded purse. The purse didn't really match the dress but it was the only evening bag she owned. It would just have to do, she told herself.

"I'm ready," she claimed.

"I hope so," he said and offered his arm.

Victoria placed her hand on his arm and smiled shyly, his words echoing in her mind as she tried to translate them. Finally, she just enjoyed the delicious feeling of touching his arm, wondering what it would be like to kiss him, have him kiss her back.

Dinner that night was incredible for Victoria. She was from a small village and, prior to dinner with Dharr, attending university in London had been the most amazing thing to have happen to her. But being in the expensive restaurant, surrounded by the movers and shakers of London society, Victoria tried to hide her awe for fear of looking like a silly, country girl in front of Dharr who seemed completely at home in the environment.

The menu was in French and, although she could speak it conversationally, with Dharr sitting across from her, the menu might as well be in Swahili.

"Would you like me to order for you?" he suggested, noting her nervousness and assuming it was because she couldn't read the words.

"Yes, that would be lovely," she said, laying her menu to the side and sighing with relief. Now she could hide her shaking hands under the table.

Dharr ordered in perfect, fluent French, ordering a bottle of champagne that, if Victoria had been more worldly, she'd know cost over a thousand dollars a bottle. She knew he ordered her a salad and himself a beef dish and she tried not to cringe. She hated salad but thought it was what he expected her to prefer. And since she hadn't had the temerity to order for herself, she deserved what she got.

"Tell me about yourself," he commanded when the waiter was gone.

Victoria took a breadstick and smiled. "What would you like to know?" she asked.

"Everything."

"Everything?" she teased. "Isn't that a lot for a first date?"

"Absolutely. So start talking," he commanded. But she saw the humor in his eyes so she didn't take offense.

"Well, as I mentioned yesterday, I'm twenty years old and am attending the University of London on scholarship. I'm studying psychology but considering making my focus children's psychology."

"Why?"

"Because they seem like the most misunderstood part of the population. They can't always express themselves so they act out in sometimes violent ways. Most people don't even try to interpret their actions."

"And what if the child is just innately bad?"

She shook her head in disagreement. "There is no such thing," she said adamantly. "Any child that is lashing out is just in pain and we've caused it."

"We?" he challenged. "Are you including everyone or just the child's parents?"

Her grin was impish as she looked across the table at him. "Oh, I'm not that nice. I think we as a society are all responsible."

"What about the parents that are bad behind closed doors and we don't know about it?"

"Usually people know. Children give off signals and if we choose to ignore them, well then we reap what we sow?"

"And what about the men in your life?" he asked changing the subject. Victoria understood that he disagreed with her on her child psychology but that was okay. Not everyone needed to agree with everyone else. Diversity was what made the world work in wonderful ways, she told herself.

"I don't currently have a boyfriend but my suitemate, Jasmine, is constantly setting me up with men she thinks would suit me wonderfully."

"And what kind of man does she think is suitable for someone like you?"

Victoria's head tilted slightly to the side. "What kind of a woman do you think I am?"

Dharr leaned closer and took her hand, drawing circles on the palm while his eyes held hers hostage. "I think you're younger than your twenty years in some ways, older in others. And I think you're idealistic which is sad because you're going to be disappointed when you enter the real world after college. But you're strong and will survive. And I think you're going to be in my bed soon."

Victoria could barely breathe. His thumb was tracing patterns on her palm and moved slowly up to her wrist, sending shivers through her entire system. She tried to pull her hand from his but he wouldn't release it. And he continued to stare at her eyes, seeing the fear that entered them with his words. "You don't have to be afraid of me, Victoria. I promise you that anything you do with me, you won't regret."

"How can you promise something like that?"

"Because I'll make it so," he said, arrogance reeking from his body. "Relax," he said.

"I can't with you doing that to my hand."

"Then you feel it too?' he asked.

"Feel what?"

Dharr allowed a half smile, wondering if she was serious or just pretending. Because he was so cynical, he half considered calling her on the issue. But the other half of him wanted to play along, let her either play the game or let him determine that she was the real thing. He pulled his hand away and sat back. "Never mind," he replied, noting the confusion in her eyes. She was either the real thing or she was the best actress he'd ever met. "Tell me about your classes."

They talked throughout the dinner and eventually Victoria was able to relax. Dharr made her laugh more than she had in years and she'd never talked so much in her life. But each time she questioned him, he simply reverted back to asking her questions. By the end of the night when he was walking her to her door, she knew no more about him than she did when she left the hospital the day before.

"I'm going to kiss you," Dharr said, turning her to face him in the dimly lit hallway. It was around midnight so the students who were partying were still out for another few hours and the ones who had settled in earlier were already asleep. They were relatively alone in the hallway and the realization sped up Victoria's heart rate.

"That would be nice," she whispered but she was shaking all over. She didn't even know what to do with her hands. She'd been kissed in the past, but it had been selfish kisses where the men simply put their mouths on hers without any permission or signal from her. Each time, she'd waited for some feeling to stir within her but had been left cold and had pulled away before anything serious started.

Now, standing here with Dharr looking down at her, she felt young and foolish, unsure of what to do to encourage him or how to even start the kiss she wanted so badly.

Thankfully, he took matters into his own hands. He took her hands in his and pulled her closer, settling his own large, strong hands on her waist, leaving hers to flutter around his chest before finally settling down on his lapels. She looked up under her lashes, wondering why he was taking so long but the desire she saw in his eyes almost scared her. She was about to pull back when his hands pulled her forward. Their bodies touched and she gasped at the intensity of feeling. There was heat surging through her stomach, pooling at the core of her being and melting her insides. Her surprised eyes glanced up at his but all thought disappeared when his lips touched hers. They were gentle at first, then more pressure, touching, caressing, instant ache settling inside her.

"Open your mouth, Victoria," Dharr groaned. His hand lifted from her waist to touch her chin, his thumb pulling her chin down so her mouth opened. Instantly, his tongue entered her mouth, mating with hers, absorbing her gasp with his mouth as he increased the pressure. His tongue moved in and out, imitating the mating that his body was craving to do with hers right at this moment. His mind told him to slow down, not to scare her but to gently teach her how to kiss since she was obviously unschooled in the art. But his body was painfully hard, aching to push into her soft flesh and find the release he knew instinctively would be better than anything he'd ever experienced.

With incredible determination, Dharr found the resources within him to pull back, to slow down and give her room to breathe. It wasn't what he wanted, but he knew that the next step would terrify her. He didn't want her scared. He wanted her to learn step by step how to please him and for her to teach him how to please her. It wouldn't be accomplished in one night. So he pulled back and lifted his head, noting with satisfaction that her eyes were still closed and her hands were gripping his lapels.

Victoria took a long, shuddering breath and opened her eyes to find Dharr staring down into her own. The desire she'd seen before was still there but there was something more, something stronger. Her mind wouldn't comprehend anything at the moment but she accepted that the mind-shattering kiss was over. Closing her mouth, she hid her disappointment and slowly released her hold on his suit, feeling embarrassed that she hadn't even realized she'd been doing that.

"Have dinner with me again tomorrow night?" he asked.

Victoria thought frantically. She had mid term exams tomorrow but she'd be finished by the late afternoon. "Okay, but it is my turn to treat you," she said.

He was astonished that she would even suggest something like treating him to dinner. Although no one had done that in the past, not even suggested such a thing, it warmed his heart that she should be the first. "No need," Dharr replied.

"But I insist. I promise, nothing fancy but you'll like it. I hope," she said, biting her lip in indecision. She loved to cook and experiment with foods but could she compete with the gourmet meals he was obviously used to? It worried her for only a moment but then her sense of fairness came back. He'd bought her dinner tonight, it was her turn and she would just do her best.

Dharr looked at her, noting her excitement and enthusiasm, considering his options. He could insist that he buy her dinner again since it was obvious she couldn't afford to buy him dinner. Or he could find out what she had in mind and possibly learn more about her at the same time. Since he wanted to know everything about this tiny, beautiful and, he suspected, sensitive woman, he gave in to her request this time. "As you wish. What time?"

"About seven?" She smiled impishly, "I'd offer to pick you up but I don't have a car and I don't think you'd like riding the tube with me. So you'll just have to meet me somewhere."

Dharr laughed, appalled at the idea of riding on public transportation. Not only would he never deign to do it, the security issues it would involve if he ever did would horrify his body guards. "I'll pick you up here at seven thirty."

Victoria smiled tentatively. "Okay, but would you mind if I met you in the parking lot?"

Dharr didn't like the ghost of apprehension which entered her beautiful green eyes as she asked this question. And it went against his sense of propriety for her to not be picked up and escorted properly. Because of where he was hoping their relationship was going, he felt the need to treat her with every dignity and respect she deserved as his future wife. For other women he'd been with in the past, he never would have extended the courtesy of picking them up at their door. And the fact that Victoria was scorning this small indication of his respect for her annoyed him. "Why?"

She saw the annoyance on his face and worried about it, but stood firm in her desire to hide their relationship until she understood it better. "Because I'm afraid my friends might start asking me questions and right now, I don't have any answers."

Her response made him feel somewhat better but he still wanted more explanation. "What kinds of questions?"

Victoria shrugged her shoulders slightly, smiling up at him as she said, "Oh, simple things, like your last name, what you do for a living, where you live. You know, minor details."

"I told you my last name yesterday."

Victoria looked down at her hands which were clasped in front of her. "I know, but I couldn't remember it. So when my suitemate asked me today, I couldn't answer and it was embarrassing. And over dinner, I noticed that you didn't answer any questions. Besides, the men you have waiting downstairs for you are a little scary. I don't know if all those bulges are muscles and I don't want to know," she said when he was about to answer her. "There are some things that are better left to the imagination."

He nodded although he was amused at her fear of his body guards and their weapons. Dharr faced reality head on, knowing that the world was not a nice place and anticipating issues. Victoria obviously preferred to see the world as much nicer than it really was. "Fair enough. And tomorrow, you can ask me anything you'd like."

She looked up at him. "And will you answer me?"

Dharr laughed. "If it is the right question."

She had to laugh back, amazed yet again at his arrogance. "Fair enough."

"Goodnight, Victoria," he said and touched her bruised cheek gently. He took her key and unlocked the door for her before handing it back to her. "Sweet dreams."

Victoria watched him walk away for a moment. "One more thing, Dharr," she called out.

He turned at the top of the stair well. "What's that?"

Victoria bit her lip, wondering if she could actually ask the question. "Would you mind if you... well, didn't wear a suit tomorrow? It might get a little dirty."

Dharr grinned but nodded his head. "If that is your wish," he said.

Chapter 4

Victoria nervously slid her hands down the sides of her khaki slacks and white tee-shirt. The picnic basket was by her feet and she had a blanket on top of it. Would Dharr think this was a silly idea? She hoped not. She didn't have a lot of money and a simple meal was the most elaborate thing she could think of. She even knew of a wonderful place by the Thames in a park only a few miles away. They could just sit on the grass away from everyone else and simply enjoy the night descending. Thankfully, it was a little cooler tonight with the promise of fall scenting the air. The leaves hadn't started changing yet but they would in another few weeks.

She saw the limousine turn into the parking lot and her heart instantly sped up in anticipation of seeing Dharr. Absently, she wondered how long this feeling of excitement would last. She'd felt it for a few other dates, until the end of the dates, that is when they tried kissing her by mashing their mouths against hers. That's when the feeling had ended. So had the relationship.

The long, black car pulled up right next to her and Victoria smiled and opened the back door just as a man was getting out of the front seat, possibly to open the car for her. She simply waved to the man and picked up the basket and blanket, then disappeared into the back seat.

Sitting down next to Dharr, she noted the frown on his face. "Good evening!" she said. "What's wrong?"

"You should wait for the door to be opened for you, Victoria," he admonished.

She looked at the now closed door and blinked. "Why?" she asked, turning back to face him.

"Because you are a lady. A gentleman opens the door for her."

Victoria knew he was serious but she couldn't help laughing. "That's silly when I'm perfectly capable of opening the door for myself.

"Regardless, you will permit my guards to open the doors for you in the future," he ordered.

Her smile disappeared and she nodded her head. "Of course, if that's what you want," she said quietly.

Dharr instantly lightened. "Thank you. But this is what I want," he said and pulled her forward.

Victoria had thought he wanted just a small kiss, like her father would give to her mother occasionally. But Dharr pulled her onto his lap and lowered his head to hers. His mouth touched hers and within a moment, his hand was pulling her chin down, just as he had the previous night and his tongue dipped into her mouth.

Victoria's mind went blank and her whole body was reacting to instinctive feelings. Her body arched against his. She heard a moan but didn't realize it was her as his mouth took over hers, his tongue exploring her mouth and making her dizzy with unexpected and unfamiliar feelings.

Dharr pulled back slightly. "Put your tongue in my mouth," he said. "Do as I do."

His mouth came back to hers and she needed no prompting this time to open to him. And when his tongue touched hers, she tentatively moved her tongue back, imitating his movements and the feelings that had been building only intensified as she learned to participate in the kiss and not just accept it.

Absently, she felt his hands on her back but they didn't move even though her body was clamoring for him to touch hers. She moved her hands from his shoulders, nervously touching his neck, desperate to touch his skin in some way. When her fingertips touched his skin, she felt the heat of his body and they skittered away after just the simple touch, afraid he might get angry if she went any further.

She heard his chuckle deep in his throat and pulled back, her eyes questioning and worried that he'd felt her touch and was laughing at her. "I'm sorry," she said, wanting to move off his lap in embarrassment.

But he stopped her movement and rested his hands on the sides of her hips. "Victoria, please touch me anywhere you'd like," he said and pulled her right hand so it was touching his neck, her fingers tickling his hair. She immediately pulled her hand away but he just laughed again and put it right back against his neck.

"If you don't touch me, Victoria, I'm going to die," he said and pulled her back against his body. "And believe me, I'm going to touch you," he said a moment before his mouth bent to kiss her again.

But his hands didn't move anywhere other than her hips and waist while her hands felt free to explore his skin, his hair, touching him anywhere she could find his skin and reveled in the amazing feeling of him. He was like rough velvet, if that was a possible description. And his hair was soft and light to her touch. She loved his hair, feeling so different from hers.

Dharr enjoyed the painful feeling of wanting Victoria, knowing he could do nothing about it. If anything showed him that she really was a virgin, it was her tentative touching and inexperience with kissing.

Finally he ended the kiss and pulled back, smiling down at her. "Where are we going?" he asked.

Victoria sat up straight and looked out the windows, noting the buildings of London as they passed by. "Where are we going?"

"My driver has just been driving around aimlessly, waiting for direction from me. Or more specifically, you."

Victoria slid off his lap, grateful that he didn't stop her this time. "You mean he....Dharr please tell me he isn't suspecting that we're back here kissing!" she exclaimed, her hands covering her mouth and her face turning the becoming shade of red he was coming to expect now.

Dharr didn't think she'd appreciate the fact that his driver and the guards that were in the front seat, not to mention the ones that were following in the SUV behind him, would assume that he was doing much more than kissing. "They are busy watching the road, I'm sure," he replied.

That made her feel better. "Well, in that case, can you ask them to drive us over to the park by the Thames? There's a nice little spot where I can ask you all sorts of questions without being interrupted."

Dharr picked up the phone and spoke in a foreign language, then just as quickly hung up again. When he was done, he turned back to her expectantly. "How were your exams today?" he asked.

She was flattered that he remembered her telling him about her exams. "Fine, I think. I won't know for another week."

"What happens in a week?"

"I get my grades," she laughed.

"Ah. My mistake. I'm sure you did well on them," he said.

"I feel pretty good about them. I think I'll do okay." She looked at him tentatively. "Where did you go to university?"

"Oxford," he replied without hesitation.

Victoria was impressed. And since he'd answered that one so quickly, she felt brave enough to ask more questions. "What do you do for a living?"

"Various things," he said honestly.

Well that was a non-answer if she'd ever heard one. She smiled, hoping he would elaborate. "Such as?"

Dharr hesitated. He was still enjoying the anonymity of her not knowing about his title or power. He considered all the things he could tell her and settled on the least revealing without lying to her. "I'm currently in London negotiating oil contracts."

"Ah! That explains a lot."

"What does it explain?"

"Your...aura of power," she said. "I know that sounds silly but you just have a sense about you. Like you're used to being in charge."

Dharr didn't respond but was impressed with her senses. Obviously she was more alert than he'd given her credit for. "What else do you want to know about me?"

"What's it like negotiating oil leases?"

"Sometimes it can be difficult, depending on who is negotiating."

"Who are you negotiating with right now?"

"The British government."

"Ah," she said, suddenly a little intimidated by his power. "Where did you grow up?" she asked, changing the subject.

He hesitated before answering, wondering if his answer would give him away. "In Ashir."

"Wow! What was that like? I've heard that some parts of the country are pretty dangerous."

"Actually, the crime rate is lower in Ashir than in Great Britain."

Her head tilted to the side as she tried to remember her history lessons. "Isn't the government a monarchy?"

"Yes."

"Do you think that will change? Don't the people want a more democratic state?"

He choked on his laugh, her suggestion treasonous in his mind since he was the head of the government of Ashir. "I hope not."

Victoria smiled slightly, understanding his statement. "I'm guessing from your response that you work for the government?"

Dharr laughed outright now and noted that they were pulling up at the park. "We're here," he said, avoiding having to tell her that he was at the top of the government.

Victoria picked up the picnic basket and blanket but they were instantly taken out of her hands. "You won't carry this," Dharr said and handed it to the waiting guard behind her.

Victoria's heart sank. She was hoping for a little privacy but now realized that the guards would probably be following them the entire time. "Do they have to come along?" she whispered to him as she led the way down the path.

"I'm afraid that they must always be with me," he explained. "They are a necessary evil."

She glanced at the five burly men surrounding them. "I didn't realize that negotiating oil leases was so dangerous."

"There are many people who would prefer that I not be around," he said.

"You're probably a pretty tough dictator," she laughed. "I can imagine you laying down the oil price and not moving a smidge."

"You think so?" he laughed, uncomfortable with the conversation. He wanted to steer it away from himself but knew that he'd promised to answer her questions. He knew he couldn't answer them completely but would give her small glimpses into his life. "What else do you want to know?"

Everything she thought to herself. She wanted to know how this man woke up in the morning, what he did all day long and how he'd become the incredible man he was today. She ignored the other niggling questions like, was he dating other people besides her? Or had he ever been in love before? Those questions hurt her, deep inside somewhere she didn't want to explore. She also didn't think she had the right to ask them. This was only their third meeting and one didn't really count since it was an accident. "How did you learn to negotiate oil leases? What got you into the business?" She asked the most mundane first, wondering how much of himself he would reveal.

"It runs in the family," he answered. It was the truth in a sense but not the way she'd been asking the question. He'd inherited his title from his father, and therefore all the responsibilities of running Ashir along with the title. Negotiating oil leases was just one of the activities that fell to him as the King. He didn't negotiate all of them, only the very large contracts with large countries since politics and treaties were usually involved as well. The smaller countries or companies were delegated to others within the government.

"How about that spot over there," she said, pointing to an area that was surrounded by trees but still had a grassy spot that looked out onto the Thames.

He looked back to his guards who nodded imperceptibly. Turning back to Victoria, he nodded. "That is fine," he said.

Victoria took the blanket from the guard, smiling her thanks at him and spread it out on the ground. Dharr had the picnic basket and took her hand to help her onto the blanket.

She laid out the ingredients to the picnic and looked up, surprised to find that they were completely alone. Or so it seemed. "Where are your guards?" she asked.

"They are near but out of sight." He sat down next to her and looked at the food. "Did you make all this?" he asked, touched to see that there were homemade cookies and freshly cut fruit. "Did you make these?" he asked, picking up a cookie to sample.

Victoria was busy setting out the other items she'd made for their dinner and glanced up to see him holding a lemon cookie curiously. "Yes. Do you like lemon?" she asked tentatively. They were her favorite kind of cookie but she knew some people didn't really like lemon or the sweetness of these kinds of cookies. They were lemon cookies with a very sweet lemon frosting on them. Victoria knew she had a horrible sweet tooth and liked things extra sweet.

"I do. I just don't think...." He stopped, glanced at her and smiled before popping the cookie into his mouth. His eyes widened in surprise and delight as he tasted the rich, sweet cookie. "This is delicious," he said and picked up another one.

Victoria's face brightened and she felt a warm glow spread through her system. "I'm glad you like them," she said and pushed the bowl containing the rest closer to him. She glanced off to the side nervously then busily prepared the roasted chicken on a plate for him along with potato salad and freshly sliced peaches. When he popped three more into his mouth, she laughed. "You're going to ruin your appetite for dinner," she admonished.

"What else is there?" he asked, sneaking one more cookie before taking the plate she offered.

Victoria moved so she could check behind him, then glanced down. "I made garlic chicken and potato salad. But I didn't put celery in the salad. I hate celery. I hope you don't mind."

"Potato salad?" he asked, moving his plastic fork around on the plate to investigate the white mass of potato salad she'd just put there.

Victoria stopped her search for his guards and blinked at him, her green eyes astonished as she watched him move the potato salad around, sniff it, then take a taste. "Have you never had potato salad?" she asked.

Dharr shook his head. "I've never had a homemade cookie, I suppose you could say. This is a night of firsts for me."

That was too odd. "What do you mean? Didn't your mother make cookies for holidays or company?"

Dharr chuckled. "I don't think my mother knew where the kitchen was," he said honestly. "She would simply tell her assistant who would be attending any given function and her assistant would tell the chef."

Victoria swallowed with difficulty. "You had a chef?" she asked. "And your mother had a personal assistant?" She'd known he was wealthy but that statement put him into a whole different realm. And the idea of never making cookies with a parent made her feel sad. "I'm sorry you didn't make cookies," she said, putting her plate down onto her lap, her eyes expressing her sympathy for a childhood devoid of a wonderful bonding experience with a parent. "Did you ever wish you could?"

Dharr's black eyes looked up at hers and he almost laughed. But the sincerity he saw there made him stop. She really felt bad for him? He ran a finger gently down her un-bruised cheek and smiled. "I didn't know I was missing anything significant. None of my friends ever had the experience either so don't feel bad for me."

Victoria could see the humor in his eyes and felt silly suddenly. Obviously he had a completely different upbringing than she did. "Well, how about the potato salad. Do you like it?"

Dharr took a bite skeptically. But again, his eyes showed his surprise at the savory bite of potato in a creamy, garlic sauce. "It's delicious. Where did you get it?"

"I made it silly. You can't really buy good potato salad. Besides, most places put celery in it and, as I said, I hate celery." She took a bite and glanced behind her again.

Dharr caught her nervous look and sighed. Placing the plate beside him, he took her hand in his. "Victoria, I can't send them away. But I promise you that they are well hidden and are looking outwards and definitely not looking at us."

Victoria sighed and her shoulders drooped. "I'm sorry. We're obviously from different worlds. You have guards and chefs and personal assistants. I have a messy kitchen and a suitemate with loud tastes in awful music."

"Ah, but you're looking at the things that are different but consider the things that draw us together."

"I can't really see many of those," she laughed.

"I see you're beautiful eyes, and a mouth I've been wanting to kiss ever since we sat down. I see you're lovely..." he was about to say breasts but changed his mind, afraid she wouldn't appreciate his comment, "hands that have made this delicious meal for me and I feel honored."

Victoria smiled, suddenly glad she had gone to so much trouble. She had heard the hesitation in his voice and a part of her wondered what he had been about to say, but then his lips touched hers and all her thoughts flew away. She leaned forward, wanting to kiss him as well.

Dharr wanted to pull her across the blanket and lay her down, covering her gorgeous body with his and feel her softness against his hard frame. But he held back, knowing he would have to go slowly or frighten her away. She was obviously untutored in the art of lovemaking and he'd have to take it step by step. She had been skittish about kissing him yesterday. What could he teach her today, he wondered. The ideas flashed through his mind but he pulled back, appreciating the heightened color on her translucent skin. Her eyes opened slowly, revealing the desire she was feeling. It felt good to know that he had put it there, and better that she was too inexperienced to hide her feelings, or her reaction to his touch.

Being decisive was one of the reasons his rule over Ashir had been so successful over the past five years. He gathered information and made decisions usually without the consent of his advisors. Initially they were furious that he would push them aside except when making the more important decisions, but over the years, he had proven that his actions had been beneficial. His advisors have backed down, with only a few concerns floating around occasionally.

Now, looking at Victoria's flushed face and her incredible green eyes that could hide nothing from him, he made the decision that he would marry her. It would take a great deal of training, he knew, to teach her to be a proper queen. She'd be marrying into an already established system with conservative values. But the fact that she was a virgin, and he didn't doubt that anymore, would put her in a good position to learn what was right and wrong within Ashiri customs. She would eventually mould herself and become a good Ashiri bride and queen. He would teach some things, like how he wanted her in bed and he could hire tutors to teach her the rest.

His mind was already making plans, considering the arguments of marrying a foreigner and coming up with arguments against them. He would have her, he knew. How long? He decided six months. He would give her two months to get used to him and then he would propose to her. That would give her four months to prepare and learn as much as possible before the wedding.

Dharr's face instantly cleared. The decision was made. Victoria would be his bride in six months. He would have to reveal to her that he was king but he would hold off on that for a few more meetings. He was still enjoying the anonymity of being with her. Yes, he'd hold off for a while longer. She would eventually find out the truth and that would be soon enough. So far, he hadn't lied to her. If she ever asked a question that he had to reveal the truth, he would so do at that time.

He considered putting guards on her but then rejected the idea at least for the moment. He'd never done that before and doing so would reveal too much. Besides, any guard stationed near to her would be pretty obvious. His elite forces were trained to protect. Not to blend in. There were other agents that he could assign to the task. They were meant to blend, but they were also trained to observe and analyze. He didn't want his actions to be known just yet.

"What are you thinking about so intently?" she asked, surprised that she dared. He looked ferocious, she thought to herself. How could the man go from smiling to a hard, unrevealing face in only moments?

"You," he said without hesitation. "And how hungry I am," he said honestly. But it wasn't for food. Now that he had made the decision, his body was aching to touch her, and make her his own. To teach her about sex and making love and all the ways to pleasure each other. But he reveled in the pain those thoughts produced. The waiting would only make the culmination more intense, more powerful. His mind controlled his body and he allowed the pain to enter into his mind, blocking out the urges so he could enjoy the game, the chase, and especially the discovery.

Instead of telling her the rest, he picked up his plate and tasted the chicken. It was actually quite good. The meat was tender and juicy with a subtle taste of garlic and some other herb he couldn't identify. "I'm touched that you went to this much trouble just for me."

Victoria laughed. "It was nothing," she lied. She had rushed home from her exams and dumped her books before heading out to the grocery store. It wasn't a short walk either since most of the students were encouraged to eat in the dining halls. Several students cooked their meals but they generally had bikes to get to and from the market.

Once she'd picked up all the ingredients, she hurried back to her dorm and spent the afternoon cooking, cutting, baking and mixing the meal, desperate to impress him with her cooking. She loved to cook and it usually relaxed her. But she knew what kinds of foods Dharr was used to and had gone to extra effort, and expense, just to show him that she could do something for him. She definitely couldn't afford to take him out to eat, unable to afford the prices at a normal restaurant, much less the kind he frequented. But she could cook a decent meal.

The evening was supposed to be her opportunity to ask him questions and she was able to get a few in. But the majority of the time, she answered his. For every one question she was able to ask, he asked five. But she didn't mind. It was obvious to her that he wasn't used to sharing his past with others so even the small tidbits of information he revealed were precious to her and she savored his laughter and stories in her heart.

Victoria suspected that he didn't laugh much so she searched her memories of her childhood for stories she thought he might laugh at. Growing up in a small village with her parents and sister on a small farm, she'd had plenty of humorous stories to tell him.

The whole time though, she was intensely conscious of his thigh so near to her own. And each time she moved or he moved, it seemed that they were somehow closer together. By the time she pulled the cookies out for dessert, the sun had set and the stars were popping out in the inky night sky and she was searching for something more to say, to distract herself from his body which was only an inch away from hers.

Why did this one man make her body come alive when no other man had had any effect on her? She'd been around many men before, dated whenever she felt like she was missing out on something but then finding that most men were fine as friends but annoying when they tried to kiss her. Why couldn't she have at least learned something from those other men so she didn't feel so awkward now when all she wanted to do was reach up and kiss him, to touch her lips to his and feel those wonderful sensations that only he could create within her?

Dharr watched her smile and talk. He noted each time her eyes dropped to his mouth and saw the flustered look in her face. She'd stopped caring about his guards and was completely focused on him. He knew she wanted him to kiss her but he held out, enjoying the fact that she was suffering a small amount of what he was feeling. But her being a virgin, she had no idea what he was going through. One had to know the ecstasy of release to understand the power and allure that the sexual act could be.

Finally, he gave in to her not so subtle messages. "Come here, Victoria," he said, his voice soft and interrupting her sentence that she was floundering to finish.

The food had all been put away and re-stored in the picnic basket. So there was nothing to impede her from moving closer to him. But still, she hesitated.

She looked at the small distance between them, then up to his eyes. Her mouth opened and her eyes glanced down. "What did you need?" she asked.

"I want you to come here, move onto my lap," he instructed.

He saw the burn start in her clear, green eyes even in the dark. The pulse at the base of her throat sped up and he could tell that she knew exactly what he wanted to do to her. Well, not exactly, he corrected. She thought he only wanted to kiss her. And possibly that was all he would do. But it wasn't all he wanted to do.

"On your lap?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

When she didn't move, he pulled her around and settled her on his thighs, careful that she didn't feel the bulge of his manhood. Surely that would scare her off, running and screaming. Eventually, he would let her feel what she did to him, how he wanted her. But closer to the time when he would propose. Otherwise, he didn't know what she would do. He was afraid his desire would scare her away. He'd have to teach her slowly, carefully.

"Yes, right here, like this." He rested his hands on her waist. "Put your hands on my shoulders now," he said.

Instantly, Victoria did as he said but felt silly. She just wanted to kiss him.

Finally, he bent his head and touched his lips to hers. At the first touch of their lips, her breath exhaled, her eyes closed and she let her mind revel in the wonderful, exciting feeling of kissing him.

"Open your mouth," he said softly, still rubbing his lips against hers, caressing her and watching her face to see the reaction he had on her. He loved to see her face respond, to feel the shivers run through her body.

Victoria's hands were gripping his shoulders, her mouth imitating his. She loved the fact that she could move her tongue, mating with his and her body arched into his. Her breasts felt heavy and her nipples painfully hard as they pressed against his chest. Her hands forgot to hold onto his shoulders and crept up to tangle in his hair.

With one swift movement, Victoria was no longer sitting on his lap but was on her back, his large, muscular body pressing her down while his mouth moved from hers to travel across her jaw, stopping on her ear and Victoria whimpered in pleasure, her hands holding his head where it was. But he was stronger than she and her hands were no match for him, his head traveled to nibble on her neck, sending sparks shooting throughout her body. And still he moved lower. Dharr's mouth nuzzled, the strap of her sundress out of the way, his mouth moving across her shoulder, nibbling the sensitive flesh revealed.

Victoria felt like her body was on fire. Every place Dharr's mouth traveled, small sensations of desire sparked through her body. Molten lava filled her veins instead of blood and she tried to hold herself still, not wanting to reveal to him what she was feeling inside, but her body was under his power. She cried out when he touched her skin on her shoulder and her breasts were aching to have him touch them, but she was terrified just the same. "Dharr?" she gasped, her eyes opening and searching for him. She wanted reassurance but he simply moved away from her breast, returning to her mouth, kissing her until the resistance left her body and she was kissing him back, the moans and gasps returning as his hands touched her arms, her waist, her ears and shoulders.

After several minutes, Dharr pulled away, looking down into her face. Victoria tried to appear casual, like she'd done this several times and wasn't phased by the feelings rampaging through her body. But the reality was she was so excited but still so terrified she could barely think. Kissing a man like Dharr, the aura of danger and power surrounding him, she wasn't sure what to do, what he wanted her to do and knew she would never be able to live up to the other women in his life.

"I'm sorry," she said, noting the anger on his face and tried to sit up. But he didn't want that. Instead, he leaned down over her again, his chest pressing into hers, pressing her back against the soft earth as she had been only moments before.

"Why are you sorry?" he demanded.

Victoria was terrified of him now. He was angry and gritting his teeth. She could feel something about him that she couldn't define and was terrified to even try defining. "I'm sorry I'm not....you know," she finished, not able to hold his gaze. "You need more than I'm...." she floundered, unable to say the words that would push him away but knowing she couldn't do this to him and be too scared to deliver. What he made her feel was too intense and unfamiliar. "I've never done this before," she whispered.

"I know." He stood up and then reached down to help her to her feet. As soon as she was standing, he pulled her into his arms, looking down into her eyes that were wide with confusion and fear but he noted with satisfaction that her body was still singing with passion and she went willingly into his arms, despite the fact that she was afraid of what he made her feel.

"No, you don't know. I've never..." she looked down at his shirt, her fingers playing with the buttons there. "I've never even..."

Dharr waited patiently but when he understood that she was struggling with her embarrassment, he relented. "You've never kissed a man like that?" he asked, already knowing the answer.

"Yes...but that wasn't what I was going to say," she whispered.

"You've never slept with a man?" he suggested, putting his hand underneath her chin, forcing her to look at him. "I know that already," he said.

She wanted to sing with relief but then her spirits sank. "I'm sorry I'm so...pathetic," she said, wishing she'd learned something from her past dates. Something that would show him that she wasn't so silly and naive.

He gripped her shoulders gently but his words were hard as stone. "Never apologize for being pure, Victoria. Never! It is a great gift you will give to your husband." He looked at her as if he wanted to say something more but stopped himself. "Trust me," he ordered. "And never apologize for that again," he said.

"Trust you?" she repeated. With a small laugh, she shook her head. "I don't really know you. How can I trust you?"

He looked at her face which was not angry in any way but smiling up into his frustrated but controlled features. "You already do," he said, his arrogance revealed once again.

Victoria had to laugh but she still nodded her head. "Yes. I suppose I do," she replied.

"Come, you need sleep," he said, knowing it was almost midnight. "Tell me what your plans are for tomorrow," he ordered as he started walking away, pulling her hand through his arms and heading in the direction of the car.

She started to walk with him but then pulled back, remembering their picnic. "Oh, the blanket and food!" she explained, about to forget everything after the way he'd made her feel. She pulled her arm out from his but he stopped her, shaking his head. "Don't worry about those. They will be taken care of," he replied and pulled her hand back into his and started walking, ignoring the blanket and basket of food as he moved down to the sidewalk that lined the Thames River. "Tell me what you will be doing tomorrow," he ordered again.

Victoria thought about her schedule with only a part of her mind. The other half was looking backwards and, in the darkness, she saw one of his guards walk over to her blanket and fold it, then lift the picnic basket, hurrying towards the limousine. As soon as they were out in the open, the other four guards formed a loose perimeter. If she didn't know better, she would assume that they were just four large, bulky men walking along the riverbank with the other tourists.

"Victoria, answer my question," he stated sternly, knowing she was concerned about the guards again. He wanted her to learn to ignore them since she would soon be surrounded by them herself once she accepted his proposal.

"Oh," she said, turning back to him, surprised at the stern tone. She thought quickly about her schedule the next day, "I have four classes tomorrow. Thankfully, exams are over but I have reports to write now for the end of the semester."

He asked her questions about her classes, her professors, the reports she was planning to write and how her exams went. It sounded slightly like an interview but she didn't mind. She put it down to him just being curious about her life and what she did. In a way, it was flattering.

She wondered what he would say if she returned the interrogation. There was a small silence as they walked the last few feet of the sidewalk and she worked hard to gain the courage to ask. "What are you doing tomorrow?" she asked when they'd reached the car. A guard sprung forward to open it and Victoria was proud that she hadn't just stepped forward to open it herself. She'd remembered Dharr's instruction earlier in the evening, thankfully.

"I have meetings all day tomorrow," he said simply.

"What kinds of meetings?" she asked.

He pulled her onto his lap and shook his head, "Boring meetings with men that you don't know," was all he would say before his head dipped to kiss her.

Victoria wanted to question him more about his meetings, after all, he'd asked her very specific questions about her day, why shouldn't she do the same? But his mouth stopped her questions and she was just as happy to return the kiss, feeling safe now that they were in the back of the limousine and he probably wouldn't do anything too revealing to her with the driver only a few feet away.

Dharr walked her to her door that night and kissed her one more time. "Give me your mobile number," he said when he lifted his head.

Slowly, she came back to earth and her mind started working. "Mobile?" she asked stupidly.

Dharr liked the way she became flustered after every kiss. Smothering a victorious smile which she might misinterpret he waited a moment more, watching her beautiful green eyes focus before asking again. "Yes, give me the number so I can call you," he said.

"Um...I don't have one," she replied, biting her lip nervously. All her friends had a mobile phone but she couldn't afford one. She figured that the only people who would call her could do so on the regular lines which were provided by the school. There had never been a need for the extra expense of a mobile.

Dharr's eyes looked down into hers, slightly surprised that someone wouldn't have a mobile phone in this day and age. "Why not?"

Instead of telling him the truth, she simply shrugged her shoulders. "No need," she replied.

"You have a need now," he said and stepped back. "I'll have one delivered."

She didn't like the sound of that. "Dharr, really, there's no need I promise."

He touched a finger to her lips, silencing her with his touch. "You walk around campus during the day and night and from what you've just told me, you study in the library until it closes at midnight," he said swiftly. "Not to mention the fact that I want to be able to reach you when I have a free moment. I can't contact you easily with the normal phone and I want to make sure you have some sort of security while you walk around campus."

Victoria grimaced inwardly. Put that way, it sounded nice. Perhaps she could cut back on some things and be able to afford the charges. "Okay, I'll look into it," she said, knowing she'd spend several hours looking for the cheapest phone and payment plan.

"You'll do no such thing," he said. "I'll have one delivered to you."

"But I don't know if I'll be able to afford..." she started to say.

"You will not worry about money," he interrupted. "It will be taken care of."

Victoria didn't like the sound of that. "But, I'm not sure that's such a good idea." She considered that if she couldn't pay for it, there wasn't any need for her to enjoy the luxury. She liked living within her means and presents were meant to be small items like a scarf or gloves, not a cell phone.

"Victoria, accept this as something that will put my mind at ease. I don't like thinking of you walking alone at night. Are you free this weekend?" he asked, changing the subject as if the discussion was over.

Victoria wanted to argue with him but she allowed him to change the subject since it was more interesting anyway. "This weekend? I think I'm only studying. I don't have any plans that I know of at this point."

"Good. I'll pick you up Friday night for dinner," he said. With a small, hard kiss, he turned and left, leaving Victoria smiling at the way he ordered her around. He was used to getting his own way but, as she let herself into the suite, she wasn't going to ignore her upbringing simply because he told her to.

The next two months were the most exciting of Victoria's life. Dharr showed her all over London, bringing her to restaurants she'd never even heard of but were the trendy spots to see all the exciting people of London. There were only two moments to mar her happiness, both times, she gave in to him, afraid of his anger if she didn't. She knew that he wouldn't hurt her in any way. But she didn't want him to be angry. She wanted to please him. It was a silly need that bubbled up in her each time he made a request of her.

The first time was the day following their picnic. She was in her suite studying when the doorbell rang. Instantly, she rushed over to it, expecting Scott as he was coming to study with her and help her with her Art History class which she was struggling in. He'd convinced her to sign up for the class as her one elective and now she was barely scraping by with a B when she'd previously received only As in her other classes.

But instead of her gangly friend, a bulky, dark and angry looking man stood in her doorway. "Compliments of Ashir," he said mysteriously, handing her a medium sized box and left. A moment later, Victoria was still standing in the doorway when Scott walked up. "What's that?" he asked, pushing past her and dumping his books on her sofa.

"I don't know," she said warily.

"What's all this?" he asked, looking at the open phone book and the notes filled with figures on her notebook.

Victoria looked up from the box she was trying to open and saw what he was reviewing. "Oh, that," she said and dumped the box on the table, walking over to sit next to him on the sofa. "Dharr asked me to get a mobile so I was researching prices. But I really don't know what I'm doing," she said, putting her hand against her forehead in frustration. "There are so many types and conveniences, I'm not sure what I need. I mean, if all he needs is a way to connect with me, then why don't I just get a very basic phone?"

Scott nodded. "I agree with you. I can't see you text messaging someone, eh?" he laughed. "Anyway, I found a really good deal via the mail recently. I'll bring it over next time and you can compare that rate with the other ones you have here," he said, indicating the air time minutes and costs she'd scribbled all over the paper. "I think mine is a little better than these rates."

Victoria was relieved. She could understand and read people but when it came to technology, she just got lost in the masses of possibilities. "Great. I can't imagine getting hooked on it like you and Marcus are," she sighed. "I hate talking on phones in the best of times."

"That's why there are computers, dearie!" he laughed, knowing that it was easier to send her an electronic message since she was writing her reports all the time now until the end of the semester. He rarely bothered to call her anymore.

"Okay, well that settles, it," she said. "Now teach me about this modern art stuff because I just don't get it," she exclaimed, seriously doubting he could reveal the significance of the art to her. They just looked like blobs on a paper, or sometimes streaks. But she didn't understand why they told a story or showed the emotions of the artist.

An hour later, they were still going over the pictures as Scott pointed out characteristics to her when the box started ringing. Both of them looked up at the same time, looking over at the ringing brown box. Then, as if in a comedy, they turned to face each other, their mouths open in a round O, both wondering what the phone was going to do.

"Do you think it's a bomb?" Scott asked, warily.

Victoria scoffed. "Why in the world would you say something like that?" she asked, but the memory of Dharr's guards flashed into her mind. She looked back at the box as it rang again.

Getting up, she picked up the box and found an edge to the paper. Tearing it open, she found a sophisticated mobile phone ringing over and over again.

"How do I turn it on?" she asked, understanding that Dharr had sent it to her despite her claim that she would handle it herself.

"I don't know," he said, standing up and coming over to her. The phone didn't stop ringing for several minutes. They both breathed a sigh of relief but a moment later, it started up again. Finally, Scott found the right button and handed it to her.

"Hello?" she said into the phone.

"Victoria? Why did it take you so long to answer?" he demanded.

Victoria's eyes widened at his angry tone. "I'm sorry. I didn't open the box when it arrived so it was difficult to get into initially. Then I didn't know how to operate it." She saw Scott's reaction to her instantaneous apology and turned away, not liking the concern she saw revealed in his eyes.

"Let me get this straight," Dharr was saying, "you received a box but didn't open it to find out what was inside? Do you get gifts so often that they are nothing to you?" he demanded.

She was surprised and a little hurt by his interpretation of the situation. "No, it wasn't like that at all. I was just waiting for someone and got distracted. It's Art History, you know. I told you how difficult it was for me last night. I'm trying to figure it out. I don't usually get packages, I promise." Even Victoria felt odd apologizing like this. Had she lost her spine? She'd done nothing wrong. And why was she hiding the fact that the person who had come over was male? Because she knew Dharr would be furious. She didn't have any proof, but she sensed that deep down, he was a very possessive male and knowing that he was from Ashir, she suspected he was very jealous and old fashioned. Studying with a man, even a gay man, would be forbidden.

"Good," he snapped, apparently satisfied by her response. "How are you?"

Victoria shook her head. All the anger was gone from his voice. "I'm fine. How are your meetings?" she asked.

"Fine. I wanted to make sure you liked your new phone. Is it okay? Did they program it appropriately?'

Victoria walked into her small, galley style kitchen and bit her lip. "Dharr, I thought I mentioned that I would get my own phone," she said, looking out the window but not really seeing anything as she concentrated on making Dharr understand her position on the mobile phone.

"You'll have to accept this from me," he countered. "I want to know you are safe. This phone has an emergency alarm on it if you get into trouble," he explained. "And it has my phone number already programmed in. Feel free to call me whenever you like," he said softly. "I have to go now. I'll see you Friday night," he said and rung off.

Victoria pressed the button to turn it off and turned back to find Scott sitting on the sofa again, looking at her with interest.

"I'm guessing that's your new love?" he asked, one eyebrow raised in question.

"Yes. That was Dharr," she replied.

"And should I also assume you've no need for the calling plan I mentioned earlier?"

Victoria hesitated. A part of her wanted to assert herself to Dharr. But another part of her knew that she only had a small amount of time with him and didn't want to spend it arguing about something so nonsensical as a phone. "I guess not," she finally replied.

Scott looked at her for another long moment. Finally, he leaned forward and pulled the art history book closer. "Here's one your professor will probably have on the exam," he said.

Victoria considered explaining herself to Scott but she didn't. She was eager to move on and pretend that the scene hadn't taken place.

The second incident occurred about two weeks later. She was on her way to the bookstore where she worked about ten hours a week. The work gave her just enough spending money to buy what she needed in the way of books and supplies, plus a few minor extras if she was careful. She wasn't being very careful lately, she thought as she entered the bookstore through the back where the employees entered. She was spending more on her clothes and makeup just so she could spruce herself up for Dharr when he phoned. Smiling at her manager, she was putting her coat away when her mobile rang.

"Hello?" she answered, knowing it was Dharr. He was the only one who had the mobile's number. Jasmine had been thrilled to know she finally had broken down and gotten a mobile phone and had asked for the number so she could reach her for parties and such. But Victoria had refused to give it out. She wasn't paying the air time on the phone so she didn't want to waste Dharr's money on calls other than to him, regardless of how wealthy he was.

Scott didn't even ask for the number and she felt his censure each time Dharr called and Scott was around.

"Hello beautiful. I'm in town unexpectedly. Come have brunch with me."

Victoria was instantly disappointed. "I'm just about to start work. I can't really meet you today. How long are you going to be in town?"

"What do you mean, 'work'?" he asked, saying the word as if were dirty.

Victoria hesitated, shocked by the instant anger in his voice. She turned away from her co-workers who were joking about their classes while getting their bookstore aprons on. "Dharr, I'm sure I mentioned that I work in the bookstore a few mornings each week."

"No, I'm equally certain that you didn't mention that. You'll have to quit that job, Victoria."

She was stunned. His tone brooked no room for argument. "Excuse me?" she asked, sure she'd misunderstood.

"You can't work, Victoria. I won't have it."

She pulled the phone away from her ear and stared at it as if it had grown a head. Putting it back to her ear, she said, "Did you just tell me that I had to quit?"

"That's exactly what I said. Give me the address and I'll swing by. You don't need to work. If you need money, I'll give you an allowance."

Victoria gasped. "An allowance?" she spit out. "I'm not a child who needs an allowance. I work just enough hours to buy what I need and I'm not quitting no matter how angry you get," she snapped. She wanted to hang up on him, she was so furious. The only thing that stopped her was that it would be extremely rude and her mother would be horrified at the breach in manners.

"Don't challenge me Victoria," he said. His voice wasn't angry but was deadly calm. "Meet me for brunch. I don't have much time," he demanded again.

She was actually shaking with her anger. No one ordered her around, no matter how handsome and charming he could be during all the other times. "No. Excuse me but I have to go now. My shift is starting. I'll call you when I'm done. Goodbye Dharr." Without another word, Victoria snapped the phone shut and shoved it into her pocket. It started ringing a moment later but she simply turned off the ringer and shut it away in her locker. Stomping furiously out of the storeroom, she took the first box of books she saw and started shelving them.

How dare he speak to her like that? She fumed as she took the books out of the box and placed them on the shelf. The others joked with her that she was doing the work of three people that day. Even her manager laughed, nodding to indicate that the statement was true. All of them tried to find out why she was so angry but she simply helped the next customer in line or started stacking books again, whichever was closest at the time.

She still hadn't calmed down by the time she finished her shift six hours later. She grabbed her phone and started the long walk back to her dorm. She was so angry, she didn't see the big, burley man following her, or notice when he made a phone call. Unlocking her door, she was just about to toss her bag onto the floor and storm into her room when a dark shadow moved out of the corner of her eye.

Gasping, Victoria's anger disappeared, replaced by a desperate fear for her safety. Someone was in her apartment, she thought. Frantically searching for the phone to call the police, her hand had just reached it when something in her head stopped her. A moment later, Dharr stood up and moved forward, his anger a physical force within the small common room. She placed the phone back into the cradle and turned to him, trying to be angry but too relieved that it was just him and not a burglar. "How did you get in here?" she asked, backing up a step as he moved closer to her.

"Don't worry about that," he said. "You hung up on me," he stated. "And you disobeyed me."

She was going to stand her ground, she told herself. He wouldn't hurt her, she knew that so there was no need to be afraid of him. Lifting her chin, she stopped backing up and looked up into his angry, black eyes. "Yes. I did. You're not my father. I don't follow your orders," she said. She'd backed down before but on this, she was making a stand. It was too important.

"Not yet," he said and took a lock of her hair between his fingers. "But soon," he stated, wrapping more of her hair around his hand, then pulling her head back. "You may not work, Victoria. I won't allow it," he said a moment before his mouth descended to hers. This kiss was not soft but it still captured her, throwing her into a state of desire so instantaneous it took her breath away. Her hands reached up to his shoulders and her body moved against his.

"You also made me wait," he ground out, and a moment later his hands captured her waist, lifting her up so she was eye level with him. He pushed her back against the door, then pushed his body against hers, holding her there in that way, allowing his hands to move over her body. "Don't ever do that again," he grated out.

"Dharr!" she cried out when his teeth captured her ear, biting hard but the sensation wasn't scary. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, pulling him closer, mindless to the desire pooling within her body, ending near her core and moistening her underwear. She was embarrassed that he had such power over her but there was nothing she could do to resist him. Each time he touched her, he controlled her completely. He was always the one to end their kisses, leaving her almost begging for him to continue. The only thing stopping her was the fear of the unknown, of his touch and the fear of what he might want from her. She was terrified that she couldn't deliver. He was so dynamic and experienced, how in the world could she ever compare to the other women he'd been with? And the feelings were too new, too raw and too overwhelming.

That day, he'd ended the kiss with a growl and left her, standing in the middle of her sitting room looking confused. The only words he said were, "I'll call you when I'm back in town." A moment later, he was gone, leaving her shaking with unsatisfied desire and deep frustration over his autocratic manner.

In the end, she didn't need to quit her job, nor did she make any moves to do so, despite his order that she stop working. She suspected that Dharr took care of that himself. Her manager just slowly started cutting back on her hours. So two weeks later, she had no income. When he came to pick her up that night, she questioned him about it. But he only changed the subject. Not having any proof, she couldn't accuse him of anything.

The rest of the time spent with him was wonderful. Dharr took her to exciting places to eat or dance. She went to almost every theatre for the wonderful productions and was thrilled at the end of each night when he took her into his arms. He always kissed her until she was senseless, begging for something she didn't understand. But he never took it too far. No matter how much she writhed in his arms, mindless with desire and almost crying out with the need for whatever was at the end, he never tried to touch her breast again.

Finals were coming up and Victoria was spending as much time as possible in the library studying. The library was open all night on some nights, allowing students to finish their research and study during the final week. Victoria knew she'd see Dharr on Saturday night and since she had no job, she allowed herself to sleep in, exhausted from being in the library until almost two in the morning.

Dharr's meetings had ended earlier than anticipated and his first thought was to find Victoria and spend the afternoon with her. It was almost time to reveal her future to her and, on the flight to London that morning, he considered his plans. At the idea of seeing Victoria again, his body responded, painfully ready for her. As always, he allowed the pain to filter into his mind, numbing his body since the wanting was so intense. He'd followed his plan exactly and now he knew that Victoria was in the same state of almost constant arousal he was in. Just touching her now and her body responded without hesitation to his touch, his kiss. The first time he'd ventured towards her breast, she'd been afraid. Now, he knew that when he touched her again, she wouldn't be afraid. The desire within her was a fever, needing to be assuaged. The fear would be gone and only the desire would be there.

It took less time than he'd imagined originally. He'd given himself two months, but after only six weeks, he knew he would have to move up the wedding date. There was no way he could wait another four months to have her. And he knew that she felt the same way. Each simple touch and she was mindless. He smiled grimly, knowing that moving the wedding date up would also help him. He found himself thinking about her too often. He attributed his lack of attention to the need for release. He hadn't been with another woman since meeting her and now he too needed something. But it could only be assuaged by Victoria. He would announce his engagement next week after revealing all to Victoria tonight.

His plane landed and his driver made their way through the early morning London traffic. It was towards the end of rush hour but still thick with Londoners getting to and from their work place.

He didn't call Victoria this time, wanting to surprise her. Now that he'd gotten her out of that awful, menial job, he knew she'd be where she should be. In bed. Waiting for him. The idea made his groin throb and he shifted uncomfortably before he could regain control.

He hurried up the steps to her apartment, wondering what she would be like right out of bed. He knew she'd be warm and sleepy, her long, sexy hair tumbled around her shoulders. No makeup. He liked that idea. He wanted to see what she was like, pure and fresh. There were many ways he wanted to see her and that was just one way. Writhing naked underneath him, begging for the release he would give her, on top of him, taking her time with him, the positions went on and on and he had to switch gears or the erection he seemed to continuously have now whenever he came near her, or even thought about her, would be embarrassingly obvious.

He also wanted to see her swell with his child, holding their son close to suckle at her breast. Ah, he thought. He'd chosen well. Victoria's beauty would go well with his strength. She would help him produce the next heir to the throne. He chuckled as he skipped up the last step. He supposed he should tell her that she would be queen. She'd like that, he thought to himself. No more studying....

Dharr's thoughts were halted abruptly when the door to Victoria's suite opened just as he'd lifted his hand to knock.

"Oh! Hello!" a tall, gangly man was saying.

Dharr took in the man who was tall, but still a few inches shorter than he was. He had obviously just rolled out of bed since his hair was messed up. He was only wearing a pair of drawstring sweatpants and a torn tee shirt. In his hands was a huge sandwich and a large grin on his face.

"You must be Victoria's man, eh?" the man asked.

"Dharr Hokum Qudama," Dharr replied, ignoring the outstretched hand the younger man offered. "I'm here to see Victoria. Is she in?" he asked. Without waiting, Dharr pushed past the man into the suite.

"Oh, hey," Scott said, about to argue with the man who obviously needed a lesson in manners. But he remembered that Victoria was over the moon for the man so he held his tongue. He had to have some redeeming qualities if she loved him like she did. "I say, she's still sleeping," he replied when Dharr looked around the room.

Dharr's black eyes snapped back to the bedraggled man. "What do you mean?"

Scott couldn't help it, he was getting irritated by the man's domineering attitude. "I mean, she was up late last night and she's still sleeping." He tried to keep a civil tone but he remembered the one sided conversation about the phone several weeks ago and didn't like the man. "How about if you come back later?"

Dharr's mind was spinning out of control. What was this man doing in Victoria's suite and how did he know that she was still sleeping? Dharr looked at the sofa but there was no sleeping accoutrements on it to let him know that the man had slept on the sofa. The only other possibility was that he'd been sleeping in Victoria's bed. The idea blasted through his mind, almost making him lose concentration. "Get out," Dharr said.

Thankfully, the man understood Dharr's anger and left, closing the door behind him. Dharr walked to the door he knew was Victoria's bedroom and pushed it open. The sight he confronted blew away all doubt he had in his mind about what Victoria had been doing last night. He could see only skimpy cotton underwear and nothing else. The blanket was on the floor, obviously forgotten and only a thin sheet covered her nearly naked body. Her legs were sprawled out, and her hands were flat against the mattress. It was the most sensuous sight he'd ever beheld.

How could she have given herself to that man? What on earth would possess her to do such a thing he thought to himself. But then the blame came back to him. He'd fired her passion one too many times, he thought. And she'd had to find release somewhere. He'd been so firm in stopping before things got out of hand over the past six weeks and now she'd sullied herself by giving her virginity to another man.

The pain that ripped through Dharr was beyond anything he'd ever felt before. And as he looked down at the sleeping beauty, he wanted to inflict the same pain on her that he was now feeling. He'd never hated anyone before, his power being so absolute that he could crush an enemy with little effort. And now he would crush Victoria. He would crush her just as she was now crushing him. He'd make her pay.

With seething fury, Dharr closed the door and walked over to the bed. He didn't even bother to take off his jacket or tie. He just sat down on the bed, letting his weight roll her towards him. The tiny scrap of material covering her breasts just made him angrier. It was only a small, cotton camisole and he could see her nipples through the thin fabric.

"Victoria," he said softly but enough to wake her up slightly. Her head rolled over and her hand pushed her mass of thick hair out of her eyes. Blinking, she looked up sleepily at him.

"Dharr?" she asked.

To Dharr's anger infused mind, her question only confirmed her guilt further. To him, she was confirming her current lover's name before proceeding and it added fuel to the fire of his increasing fury.

"Why do you have to ask?" he said. His hand dove into her hair and pulled her face up to his for a kiss. "Are you so confused?"

Victoria's eyes lost their sleep and became confused but a moment after his lips touched hers, her hands reached out and held onto his shoulders. She pulled her body up, wanting to be as close as possible to him, needing to feel him against her.

Her soft moans only made him furious but he wouldn't relent. Not yet. His hand came down to touch her breast, the thumb rubbing it to a hard nubbin through the cotton fabric. He captured her cry in his mouth while his other hand slipped underneath the fabric, doing the same to the other nipple. He heard her cries of passion but was merciless. He pulled the fabric up and pushed her down on to the mattress, his mouth taking over where his thumb had been and Victoria almost screamed out with the pleasure that was pulsing through her system.

"Dharr! Please. You have to stop," she said but her hands were pulling at his hair, keeping his mouth in place instead of pulling away, contradicting her plea to stop.

"Not yet, Victoria. Soon though."

"No!" she cried out, her legs spreading immediately when his hand reached down. He pushed her underwear out of the way, his finger sliding against her clitoris and Victoria inhaled sharply, painfully. When his finger moved inside her and his thumb continued on in it's place, she could feel herself floating higher and higher. His mouth still covered her breast, suckling hard, nipping then soothing only to repeat the process while his finger and thumb created their own kind of magic. Without warning, Victoria slipped over the cliff into an orgasm that was so intense, she almost blacked out, her fingers clenching and unclenching in Dharr's hair.

Dharr hadn't meant to give her a release. He'd meant to raise the pressure, to increase her frustration to the same level that he was feeling. But her body was so responsive, so incredibly wound tight, that with almost no stimulation, she was shivering out her orgasm. The beauty of her climax was so perfect that he helped her through the final moments instead of pulling away as he'd planned to do.

And right now, watching her eyes flutter open again, seeing the flush of satisfaction on her cheeks and feeling the liquid heat surrounding his finger, he wanted to rip off his clothes and sink into her, to find his own release. But her next words stopped him, flooring him yet again and straining his ability to control his anger to the breaking point.

"Dharr," she sighed.

"Why did you do it?" he demanded harshly, pulling free of her and standing up.

Victoria realized that he was completely dressed, not even his tie askew. A moment earlier she'd felt as if every bone in her body was relaxed and finally sated after weeks of frustration at his hands. The bliss had been worth the wait, she told herself. But the fury she saw in his eyes made her self conscious. She pulled her camisole down and yanked the sheet over her legs, feeling dirty for some reason. "I don't understand."

"Why did you sully yourself?" he rasped out. "You could have had it all. And yet you decided you couldn't wait."

"Sully myself?" she repeated. "You think that what I did sullied me?" she asked, the hurt coming through as she watched him look in the mirror and pat his hair back into place.

"How many times?" he demanded angrily.

"How many times?" she repeated.

"Stop repeating my questions," he snapped. "How many have there been?" he demanded.

Victoria tried to sit up straighter in bed but her body just wouldn't cooperate. "Dharr, could we start this conversation over again? I'm not following what you're asking me."

Dharr turned and looked at her fully, noting the pink tinge to her cheeks and the red lips, swollen from his kisses. He'd imagined her like this so many times. But in all those fantasies, he was with her, both of them sated and feeling complete. He told himself he only felt betrayed that she had given her virginity to another. But looking at her now, remembering how instantly her body had convulsed around his finger, he wondered if she was more experienced than he'd assumed. She was obviously well tutored. So for the past six weeks she had been just acting on her part.

That infuriated him. He needed to leave before he did or said something he'd regret. "Goodbye, Victoria. Unfortunately, you are no longer worthy." he said and left the room. He didn't bother to close the door as he left and he didn't look back.

The painful memories came flooding back to Victoria, forcing her feet to stop walking as she watched the tall, incredibly handsome man step out of the long, black car. The guards were already positioned around him, forming the perimeter she'd eventually learned to ignore.

The months after his departure from her life had been tortuous for her. If it hadn't been for Jasmine and Scott, pushing, teasing, nagging and generally just not allowing her to give into the depression, she would have failed out of school and not even cared.

The morning he'd said those horrible words, Victoria had broken down in tears that hadn't stopped for two days straight. Neither Jasmine nor Scott could figure out what had been said so they did what they could to comfort her. Jasmine had gone to all of her professors and asked for an extension to her exams, explaining that some sort of tragedy had occurred although they couldn't figure out what it was through the crying. A week after he left, she took her finals, then wept for another week. She passed, but just barely that semester, her mid terms and the strength of her research papers carrying her through with Bs when she would normally have received As straight across.

The real slap in the face came when Scott arrived on their doorstep one morning with a newspaper. Victoria had been showering and came out to see Scott and Jasmine looking at an article. She walked over, looked down and saw Dharr staring out of one of the pictures. The caption revealed so much about him, she was stunned she hadn't realized the truth before. The King of Ashir finalizes oil leases for Great Britain the article stated. It was all about how the negotiations had started to flounder about a month ago and all looked lost. But some tricky negotiations had saved the day. Victoria had closed herself in her room for the rest of the day, not coming out to eat or talk.

Eventually, she started living again. She, Scott and Jasmine graduated, Victoria with honors despite her awful semester involving Dharr. Jasmine was now living with her current boyfriend but Victoria had agreed to move in with Scott. He and Marcus had split up by mutual agreement at that point.

Now, five years later, Scott was starting to make headway into the fashion industry. One of the designs Victoria had posed in had caught the eye of a magazine editor and there was the possibility of a layout for the following spring. Victoria was a guidance counselor for an elementary school and loved it although she'd never taken either Scott or Jasmine up on the offer of another blind date. They teased her unmercifully about her nun-like existence but she preferred to be alone rather than deal with the kind of pain love could inflict on a person. She'd loved Dharr with all her heart and soul, had shivered through her first orgasm with him and then was callously rejected, told she'd sullied herself and been informed she was no longer worthy.

He didn't come forward, but stared at her through dark glasses, waiting for her to come to him. For a long moment, she considered her options. She could just stand here and stare at him. Or she could turn around the way she'd come. She could go home and call in sick, which wouldn't be a lie for she instantly felt sick with anger, both at herself and at him. The other option, which seemed to be the most reasonable, was to walk straight through the front door of the school and ignore him.

She didn't feel very reasonable but she remembered that she had several appointments this morning. The kids needed her. Their parents needed her. It was only a few days until summer vacation and she needed to help some kids so they would make it through the summer.

Besides, she refused to let Dharr control another second of her life.

Forcing one foot in front of the other, she eventually made her way to the front door of the building. She was just two feet away when a hand whipped her around. Dharr's face was just as handsome and hard as stone as she remembered it being.

"How are you, Victoria?" he said.

She considered ignoring him, but at that moment, a noisy group of kids ran from the playground, heading into the school. Several of them stopped and gave her a hug. "Good morning, Ms. Mason!" they called out, then rushed through the doors, all excited about the upcoming summer vacation.

Because she was surrounded by impressionable children, she had to set the right example. "Good morning, Your Highness." That was all she would give him. Protocol probably required that she curtsy or bow or something along those lines, but she refused, not considering him worthy of the effort to even hold the door for him. She turned to walk into the school, furious when he fell into step beside her.

"You look good," he said as they walked through the school's hallways.

"Thank you," Victoria replied, holding the door wide so five running boys could precede her. "Slow down, Mike," she called out. Then walked through the door herself and pretended he wasn't there as she walked to the office to sign in for the day.

She picked up her messages at the front desk and sifted through them, painfully aware of Dharr standing next to her.

"Who's the hunk?" Betty asked, eyeing Dharr with a wink.

Victoria didn't smile but she knew she would have to introduce him. Doing anything else would only stir up the gossip mills even more. "Betty, this is Dharr Qudama," she introduced, omitting his title. "Dharr, Betty, the school secretary and resident flirt." Victoria smiled at Betty since it was an ongoing joke that Betty, who was seventy if she was a day, flirted with anyone with testosterone running through their system.

"How do you do?" Dharr said, and formally bowed, kissing Betty's hand reverently. "It is a pleasure to meet you."

Betty actually blushed and batted her eyes at Dharr's compliment and charm. Victoria controlled her eyes from rolling, but just barely. She wished she could scream and stomp her feet but that wouldn't be a very good example.

"Are you Victoria's boyfriend?" one of the other office workers called out. "Bout time, Tory!" another said. "Good one!" yet another called.

"No. He's just an old..." Victoria hesitated, wondering how she could describe someone like Dharr... "just someone I knew when I was in college," she finally finished.

Victoria turned to face Dharr. "Perhaps you should come into my office and explain exactly what you want and then get out of here," she whispered harshly, hoping none of her co-workers overheard.

"Perhaps that would be best," he said.

Victoria led the way to the hallway and unlocked her office door. The room was filled with books and stacks of papers everywhere. There were stuffed animals and a beaten up old sofa that had definitely seen better days. "Have a seat," she said, waving to the battered sofa, knowing he wouldn't dare sit down in it.

She watched in amusement as he perched on the edge. "So what's up?" she asked, sitting down behind her desk and crossing her arms over her chest. "Why the sudden appearance after five years, Your Highness?"

There was suddenly a knock on the door and a small face appeared. As soon as the girl saw Victoria, she rushed into the room. "Oh, Ms. Mason!" she cried and threw herself into Victoria's arms. Victoria held the little girl closely, rocking her back and forth. It was Mary Gregory and her father had died in a car accident a week ago. Her mother was struggling with the four older children and Mary seemed to be getting the raw end of the stick emotionally. They just sat there for what seemed like several minutes, then Mary stood back. "Thank you," she said.

"What happened, Mary?" Victoria asked, forgetting about Dharr's presence for the moment.

"I'm just silly," she sniffed. "Today is my father's bowling night and...." She broke down in tears but struggled valiantly. Eventually, Victoria just held her again, letting the little girl cry out her grief. After another five minutes, Mary sniffed and took a tissue out of her pocket. "Thank you, Ms. Mason. I'll be fine now," she said and dried her eyes.

"Come on back if you need to," Victoria said, getting down on her knees so she was more at Mary's level. "Just don't keep it inside, okay?"

Mary nodded and left, all without seeing or even sensing Dharr standing in the corner of the office looking on.

"What happened to her?" he asked.

Victoria snapped out of it and turned to face Dharr, the tears still in her eyes. "Her father died recently. She's having a hard time of it." Victoria wasn't angry anymore now that Mary had come in to diffuse the situation. She'd reminded Victoria of what was important. Dharr wasn't on that list. Not anymore. There was a time she would have turned her life upside down to please him. She had in fact. But not anymore.

"What do you want, Your Highness," she asked again, taking up right where they'd been interrupted.

"How did you find out?" he asked.

Her eyes widened. "That you're the bloody King of Ashir and not some lowly oil lease negotiator?" she demanded, getting angry about his deception even after five years.

Dharr ignored the 'bloody' and nodded his head. "Yes, that would be the question."

"What's the difference?" she asked. "Why don't you just tell me what you want and then leave?"

"I need your help," he stated.

Victoria wanted to laugh but looking at him, she knew that wouldn't be a good idea. "No."

"You don't even know what I need," he said firmly. "Shouldn't you wait to find out before you turn me down?"

"No. If I remember correctly, you didn't need me five years ago, so why should you need me now?"

Dharr lifted a large envelope and pulled out two pictures. "Okay, if you won't help me, will you help them?" he asked, tossing the pictures down onto the desk in front of her.

Victoria picked up the first one, noting the bright, sunny face and the twinkle in the little girl's face. She looked mischievous, Victoria thought. She flipped the page and a boy looked out at her from the paper. He was too serious, she thought. It was as if the weight of the world were on his tiny shoulders already.

"They're cute," she said, pushing the pictures back at him.

"They're in trouble," he replied.

That got her attention. "Why? The boy maybe but the girl seems happy."

"Those pictures were taken six months ago. Their parents died a week after those pictures were taken. Since then, they've become more and more withdrawn. I'm worried about them."

"Who is their closest relative? They should take care of them."

"I'm their uncle." He stepped around the desk, skirting a precarious pile of papers. "Why don't you hire someone to file?" he asked absently?

"They aren't real papers. The untidiness makes the children feel more comfortable. I think they are all old test papers from about a decade ago."

Dharr nodded his head. "That only confirms my instincts that I need you."

"Go hire an expert."

"I intend to. When can you start?"

"I'm not an expert in grief counseling."

"You understand children. And Mary just revealed that you are an expert in grief counseling. She seems like she's adjusting quite well." He looked at his watch and stood up. "I have to leave for Germany in an hour. I can be back here to pick you up in three days. Will that be enough time? The children will be out of school by then so there shouldn't be any problem."

Victoria stuttered out her outrage. "No problems?" she countered. "How about my life? How about my plans for the future? As of this morning, you and your problems didn't factor into them at all."

"Of course there will be compensation," he said and bent over her desk. He wrote down a number on a piece of paper. "If the children aren't any enticement," he said, "this should do the trick," he said. "There are other pictures in the envelope. I'll be in touch," he said and left the tiny office without another word.

Victoria looked down at her notebook and gasped. The figure was three times her annual salary. "Good grief!" she thought.

Pushing that thought aside, she shook her head. "No way," she said out loud. Pushing the envelope to the side, she picked up her pencil and realized that her hands were shaking. Dammit! How could the man affect her like this after so many years? She'd finally convinced herself that she was over him and then he just walks into her life, making things crazy again.

Well, she wouldn't let him. Five years ago, she'd jumped at his bidding. Any time he called, she'd relished the idea of spending any amount of time with him she could. But not anymore. He couldn't do that to her again. She told herself she was immune to his arrogance and charm. She had the control. He didn't.

Chapter 5

"What's this?" Scott asked, opening the envelope that had been sitting on her desk at home. They shared a tiny flat in central London. It wasn't the best part of town, but it was convenient to both their jobs which suited both of them just fine.

She was standing on a pedestal while Scott pinned fabric around her body. He was working on a design for a new dress for the magazine layout and she was acting as his model. At the moment, her hair was piled on top of her head to keep it out of his way while he nipped and tucked, putting the finishing touches on a sexy, sultry dress of soft green chiffon that fitted her body so closely, she couldn't wear anything underneath.

"Thank goodness you're boobs are still perky enough to pull this off," Scott said, getting her attention finally. She'd been holding a file on one of her kids and hadn't heard his original question.

"What do you mean?" she said, smacking his head playfully. "I'm not that old!"

Scott ducked just in time to avoid the file coming down on his head. He grinned unrepentantly before saying, "I mean, you're such an old maid, one day, you're going to be forced to wear a bra when you choose something like this. I'm just grateful that you're not there yet," he teased.

Victoria looked down at her breasts and shook her head. "They are fine," she said. "And I'm not aging that fast so just knock it off."

"At least in this dress, they get a little showing off, eh?" he continued. "Since no one else has been seeing them lately."

Victoria rolled her eyes at the old argument, refusing to rise to the baiting. "Scott, just because I'm not dating, doesn't give you the right to criticize my love life. I don't remember seeing anyone in your bedroom lately."

Scott took a pin out of his mouth and nipped. "Ah, but the operational word here is lately," he said. "I've had relationships recently. What can we say about you, Madam Nun?"

"No need," she replied, hiding the pain of her morning encounter from Scott by lifting her file folder up again. "I have a full enough life as it is. There's no need to add a man into it and complicate everything," she said. She almost said, "again" but stopped herself just in time.

After Dharr, she hadn't wanted to meet any new men. For a long time, she hadn't been able to dredge up any interest and then it took courage just to look at another man and consider his attractiveness. Because each time she looked, she would compare him to Dharr and find the man lacking.

It had taken over a year just to look at a man and not cringe in disgust. Finally, she'd decided she needed to get over him. Unfortunately, she hadn't found anyone to compare to him. No matter how much she tried, unconsciously, she still compared the men she met to Dharr. So here she was, five years later and still a virgin. Much to Jasmine and Scott's frustrations. And definitely not from their lack of trying. At every opportunity, they introduced her to one of their new acquaintances, hoping she would take to one of them. But not a single man she'd met could hold a candle to Dharr. Besides, she told herself, why deal with the pain? It had been too hard getting over him last time. Why would any woman put herself through that again? Jasmine jumped from man to man but Victoria knew that she wasn't the kind who could do that. She was the emotionally committed kind, unfortunately, she grimaced.

Thankfully, Scott filled his mouth up with pins again and didn't have the ability to speak for several more minutes.

When he was done, he shooed her off to take the dress off. But moments later, just as Victoria was pulling on her underwear, Scott opened her door, sitting on her bed while she finished putting on a bra and clothes. "You never told me who these kids were," he said. He pulled the pictures out of the envelope and shook his head. "Poor little sprite," he said. "What happened to her?" he asked.

Victoria was used to talking about her kids at the school but the envelope just hurt her too much. "Just some kids," she said. The image of the little boy had haunted her all day. He looked too serious, she thought again.

"The boy looks to be about five or six, right?" Scott asked.

"Something like that," she said. Victoria hadn't taken the time to get the children's ages from Dharr but she supposed that Scott's guess was accurate.

He took out another picture and read the caption underneath. "But the girl is much younger. About three?"

"I suppose," she replied, zipping the zipper on her jeans shorts.

Scott looked up at her as she pulled a shirt on over her head, not bothering with a bra because it was too hot. His eyes narrowed as he looked at her, unused to seeing her this emotionally detached when it came to children. "Okay, what's the deal? You're never like this about your kids. Spill it," he said.

Scott was sitting at the top of her bed, leaning against the pillows that were stacked up against the headboard. "They are the niece and nephew to Dharr," she finally said, her back to Scott so he couldn't see her face.

"You're kidding," Scott replied, sitting up and moving to the end of the bed. "How did you get these pictures?" he asked suspiciously, immediately knowing she wasn't giving him the whole story because of the cagey look in her eyes. And the fact that she wouldn't look directly at him.

Sighing, Victoria decided that she might as well spill the beans. Scott would eventually get her to tell it all and wouldn't stop pestering her until she did. "Dharr was at the school this morning," she admitted reluctantly.

Scott whistled out his surprise. "What happened to them?" Scott asked.

Victoria took a deep breath, grateful that he was focusing on the children and not her reaction to Dharr. She wasn't exactly sure herself what her reaction to him was so she couldn't really describe it to Scott even if she wanted to. "Their parents died about five months ago. Apparently, the kids are having a very hard time right now."

"So what are you going to do about it?" Scott asked in the silence that followed her revelation.

Victoria bit her lower lip and stared out the window, unable to face Scott. He'd see the pain in her eyes and she needed to be tough about this situation. "Nothing," she said firmly.

Her words obviously surprised Scott since he didn't respond immediately. Then she felt his gentle hug as his arms wrapped around her shoulders. "Nothing?"

"Nope," she said and stood up to leave her bedroom.

Scott followed, watching as she pulled ingredients out for dinner. Victoria was the cook generally since Scott's only specialty was sandwiches. "That's not like you."

"It is now," she said, plopping spaghetti sauce down on the counter and vegetables for grilling.

"So you're not over him, right?" Scott asked, sitting down at the tiny table in the kitchen. "The past five years are finally making sense now. That's the reason you've never caught a fancy to any of the men I've introduced you to, eh?"

Victoria spun around at his words, "What do you mean? I got over him a long time ago."

He raised one eyebrow at her heated reply. "So what's the problem with helping out his niece and nephew?"

Victoria squared her shoulders. Scott could psychoanalyze her responses all he wanted. She wouldn't change her mind. "I just won't do it. He thinks he can buy anyone and anything. He offered me an astronomical amount to help out the kids. But I'm not for sale."

"So don't take the money. What do you have to lose? You don't have plans for the summer except to model for me," he grinned cheekily. "You could spend the hours writing that book you've been talking about but you could do that in Ashir too without too much trouble." He considered her for a moment. "Nope, the only reason you won't go is because you're afraid of him." He stood up and walked out of the kitchen. "You're afraid you might fall back into his arms again."

Victoria followed him, her mouth trying to form words to deny Scott's assertion that she was easy where Dharr was concerned but he interrupted her before she could figure out how to deny his statement forcefully enough. "By the way, I have a date, tonight so don't bother making anything for me," he said and closed his bedroom door on her glare.

Victoria stomped back to the kitchen and put the spaghetti sauce and vegetables back into the refrigerator and walked out of the kitchen, furious with him and with the situation. She wasn't hungry herself so if Scott was going out, there was no need to cook. Left alone, she paced the room several times, trying to get her temper under control. She flipped on the television but when nothing interested her, she flipped it off again.

A half hour later, Scott swung out of his room, patted her head teasingly and blew her a kiss before opening the door to leave. "Wow! Deja vu!" Scott said. "She's in the family room," Scott said and disappeared down the stairs.

The hairs on Victoria's neck started tingling and she swung around, terrified to see if her instincts were right. And there he stood, in all his masculine glory. Dharr was here, in her apartment, making it seem way too small when his overwhelming size entered it.

He looked around disdainfully, noting the mismatched furniture and worn out carpet. "Good evening, Victoria," he said quietly and closed the door behind him.

"What do you want?" she asked, crossing her arms over her chest, painfully aware of the clothes she was wearing. The tee-shirt she'd pulled on was old and at least two sizes too small but she hadn't been expecting company.

"Relaxing for the night?" he asked, his eyes moving down to her breasts which were thrusting through the thin fabric. "I like your shirt," he said.

Victoria could feel her nipples harden underneath his knowing gaze. "What do you want, Dharr?" she demanded, wishing she wasn't blushing right now but not able to control it. "I thought I'd already given you my answer earlier today. Besides, you mentioned you were flying to Germany. Why are you still here in London?"

He walked into the room, looking around at the various pieces of furniture. "But it wasn't the right answer," he countered. "When it is, then I'll accept it. And I did fly to Germany today. Now I'm back."

Her hands were fists at her sides by the end of his announcement. "You are infuriating."

"And you are as beautiful as I remember you being." He turned to look into the tiny kitchen but it obviously didn't interest him overly much since he turned back to face her again quickly. "Have you married him? I didn't notice a ring on your finger so I'm guessing you haven't yet."

"Him?" she asked, feeling caught off guard.

"Your boyfriend?"

"Boyfriend?"

Dharr sighed and looked at her impatiently. "The man who just left."

"Scott?" Victoria questioned. "Marry him?"

"That is what some people do," he replied.

The whole scene was out of some sort of bizarre movie. "No. We haven't married. Yet," she added. If he thought she was going to marry Scott then maybe she could have a little pride left. He hadn't left her with much last time.

Dharr raised one eyebrow at her callous reply. "Either you're committed to him or you're not, Victoria. After all these years, are you so fickle that you can't make up your mind?"

He definitely had a low opinion of her, didn't he? She walked away, intending to go into her room and put on a different shirt but he stopped her. "Are you?" he ground out, holding her wrist in a punishing grip.

She looked into his black eyes and wanted to slap him. But she didn't dare. "Yes. I'm fickle. I just don't want to settle down with one man, Dharr. I like variety and I like men. So why settle for one man when I can have a whole banquet?"

Dharr looked down at her beautiful, furious face and wanted to kiss her soft lips. He wanted to pull off the tiny shirt she was wearing and feel the soft, perfect texture of her breasts. It was as if the old feelings he had for her, the painful sexual frustration was back and more powerful than ever. He had been with many other women since he'd last seen Victoria but none had been able to ease the frustration within him. Something inside him made him realize that nothing would until he had this one woman.

After so many years, he still wanted her with a painful desire. So when his niece and nephew had started showing signs of problems, Victoria had come to mind. He would solve two problems at once, he thought. No matter how much he detested her morals, he knew she could help the kids. And he would make sure she helped him along the way too. It was time for him to settle down but he couldn't do that until he'd exorcised the demons of his past. Or at least one demon - in the form of the delectable Victoria.

And now, he didn't have to slow down as he had all those years ago. She'd definitely gotten over her fears of sex, he thought. She was obviously living with a man and admitted that she liked variety. Well, he'd give her variety, he told himself. He'd make love to her so many ways she wouldn't be able to think straight. And when he'd finally gotten her out of his blood, he would toss her aside and find someone suitable to becoming his queen.

Yes, it was a nice, neat plan. Kill two birds with one stone, he thought.

The hand holding her wrist softened and he stepped back. In order to start his plans, he needed her on his own turf. Using intelligence and charm would be better than anger, he told himself. And if that didn't work, he didn't object to paying for what he wanted. After all, hadn't life taught him that women were basically all prostitutes? They all wanted something from him. Even if it was simply bragging rights, none of them turned down a pretty trinket, did they? He just needed to find her price. So start negotiating, he told himself.

"So, do you need help packing?" he asked.

Victoria's eyes narrowed. "You're not listening, are you?" she said. "I told you earlier that I'm not going. There are experts all over the world who can help your niece and nephew. Pick one and leave me alone."

He ran a finger down her arm, the gentle caress creating a shiver in her body that she remembered so well. And he felt it, smiled over it. That shiver meant that she still felt all the old chemistry they'd shared before and it was just as strong now as it had ever been. "Ah, but as I said, I need the best. I need your compassion and directness. These kids have been hurting for so long, it is going to take some real caring to get through to them. From the very first moment I met you, I've been impressed with your way with children. It is extraordinary, to say the least."

Victoria didn't like the warm glow that eased into her heart at his words. But she pushed that feeling aside, knowing how good he was at getting what he wanted, whether he was telling her the truth or just words so she'd fall into his plan. "Flattery will get you no where," she said, crossing her arms over her chest again.

"Not enough money?" he asked. "How about double what I offered you previously?"

Victoria's mouth dropped open. She was stunned by the amount of money he was offering her for only a three month job. But then she remembered that he was a king. And a king to one of the wealthiest countries in the world with oil reserves so deep and vast that they were as yet untapped in some cases. Straightening her shoulders, she looked him in the eye. "You don't get it, do you?" she replied. "I don't like you. Therefore, you're going to have to get someone else to help you in this case."

"Not the right currency?" Dharr turned around and fingered the dress that was now laying across the back of a chair. "This looks nice. It should be on the cover of some magazine, shouldn't it?" he said.

Victoria's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean?" she demanded, knowing that Scott's hopes were flying high now that there was the possibility of a magazine layout.

"What do you think I mean, Victoria. You're boyfriend only has a layout potential. Think about what it would do for him, for your future with him, if he were to get the cover of the magazine instead?"

Victoria gasped. How did he know that an editor was interested in Scott's designs? Was he bluffing? There was nothing on paper yet. Either party could back out, not that Scott would even think of doing that. The layout meant a real beginning for him and his designs. "You don't have that kind of influence!" she said, praying that it was true.

Dharr walked over to her, standing less than an inch from her delectable body. "Not only do I have the power and influence to get him the cover, I can make the layout disappear. I can also make your job disappear," he said, watching her eyes widen. "I've done it before when you crossed me, didn't I?"

It took several seconds for his words to sink in. But when they did, they hit her just like a slap across the face. "You bastard!" she gasped. "The bookstore didn't lose business. You had me taken off the schedule!"

"Of course. I told you to quit." He continued to watch her face, noting the furious expressions. He said softly, "Don't cross me, Victoria. I can be your best friend, or your worst enemy. And that of all your...friends," he said, hesitating on the last word.

He walked over to the door and opened it. "Your last day of school is Wednesday. I'll send a car to pick you up on Thursday morning. Don't disappoint me, Victoria."

A moment later, she was standing alone in the apartment. Her anger turned to shivers and then into full blown fury. In the end, she just sat down on the sofa and cried. She hadn't released so much energy on emotions since he left her that morning and she swore she'd never let another man hurt her that way again. Now that very same man was here, in her life, turning it upside down. And possibly hurting others if she didn't do as he said.

Around midnight, she slipped into her room, not wanting Scott to come back from his date and see her like this. He'd been through enough emotional upheavals from her to last a lifetime. He didn't need another. And he didn't need his career to be ruined before it even got started if she could do anything to save it. If it was ruined, it would be all her fault anyway. Dharr would see to that.

Life just wasn't fair, she thought to herself as she watched the dawn slowly rise over the horizon. She'd wracked her brains trying to come up with a way to get out of this but each time she came up with a solution, she fell again. It all came down to Dharr's threat to ruin Scott.

She didn't really care about herself. She could head back to her parents farm and help out the kids in her old village. There were plenty there who needed help. But Scott didn't deserve this. He finally had a chance and Dharr was threatening to kill it before it started.

Chapter 6

After a sleepless Monday night, her body shut down after school on Tuesday. Unfortunately, Wednesday night, she was too nervous to sleep. She kept packing and repacking her bag, changing her mind on what she would need to bring. In the end, she packed a suitcase full of jeans and shorts with simple tee-shirts, sandals and tennis shoes. At the last minute, she packed a few sundresses, not sure what she would use them for but feeling better and more prepared now that they were in her suitcase. She was going to be with the kids. Everything she packed was more practical than flattering. Her sole mission was to help two small children who needed help. Stripping her suitcase free of any flattering outfits made her feel good. At least Dharr would know that she was there for them and didn't have any feelings for him. Not even the need to please him.

She watched the long, sleek car pull up to the curb and lugged her heavy suitcase down the stairs, not waiting for someone to come up and get it for her. In the back of her mind, she knew it would infuriate Dharr. Five years ago, he'd taught her how to allow others to do things for her. She'd always been uncomfortable with it but had done it to please him. Now, she wasn't out to please him. She was only here for the kids so his opinion on how to act in front of servants was not her concern.

The driver jumped out of the car and tried to take her suitcase. "No, thank you," she said, pulling it along behind her. "If you'll just pop the boot, I'll store it away."

The driver was dumbfounded and didn't know what to do for a moment. Finally, he got his wits and raced ahead of her to unlock the boot. He tried to lift her suitcase for her, but Victoria again shook her head. "No need," she laughed and lifted it into the storage space by herself. "See," she said, dusting off her hands efficiently. "All done," she explained.

The driver then tried to rush over to the door but Victoria again ignored him and opened the door before him, letting herself into the limousine.

The hard voice that greeted her startled her. She almost fell onto the seat as Dharr said, "It seems you've forgotten all the lessons I taught you five years ago."

Victoria flushed. She'd thought he was only sending the car. She didn't realize that he'd be picking her up. Nevertheless, she rallied over her surprise at seeing him again when she wasn't expecting to. "I never was a good student at silly, pointless lessons. But perhaps the teacher wasn't very good," she suggested, raising her eyebrows in challenge.

Dharr's response to that was to raise one eyebrow. "Perhaps you just need a refresher on everything I taught you," he suggested, his smile was lethal in its charm and Victoria blushed, knowing he was not referring to how to let the servants help her but about how to please him sexually. Well, while kissing anyway. They'd never gotten to the sex part of things. At least he hadn't.

Her blush intensified when she remembered that morning and the things she'd let him do to her. Her complete surrender was at his fingertips and he knew it. His deep chuckle indicated that he was thinking the same thing.

Victoria sat back against the plush seats, looking away from him, ignoring him as she watched the London skyline rush by outside the darkened windows. Space, she thought. She just needed to keep her distance from him. Then everything would be okay, she told herself. And she needed to remind herself that she was here for the children. They were what really mattered.

The car bypassed the regular airport entryways and continued on to a restricted area. The car pulled right up to a private plane. Victoria's jaw dropped when she saw that it wasn't just a private jet, but a jumbo jet, two stories! Good grief, she thought.

"Are you going to get out?" Dharr asked beside her. "Or are you telling me that my company inside this car is more pleasurable to you?"

Victoria snapped out of her shock and realized that the door had already been opened for her by one of his waiting guards. She slipped out, and waited for him to guide her into the plane. She intended to follow behind him, not wanting to assume anything but he put a hand to her elbow and led her onto the plane. He didn't stop until they were in the back, then he led her through a closed door, saying something in Arabic to a man standing outside.

There, he waved her to a chair and she strapped herself in, uncomfortably aware that they were in a luxurious bedroom, complete with king sized bed and a desk with a computer on it and comfortable chairs in front of and behind it. This room was bigger than her whole apartment, she realized.

The flight was uneventful as Dharr took several calls, intermingled with telling her about his niece and nephew, about his brother and sister in law and how they died. He also talked about the governess who was in charge of the kids and the woman's routine for the children. Victoria suspected that the first thing that was wrong was the governess and her strict rules but she bit her tongue wanting to observe before she pronounced anything solid.

The flight took less time than she thought it would and within what seemed like only a few hours, they were touching down in Ashir. Victoria looked out the window, watching the desert country pass by the windows. It was beautiful in its harshness and she was impressed that so many people had been able to create a home for themselves under these conditions. But the houses were large and there was a thriving city in the capitol, she realized as the car passed through the town. There were five other limousines and a police escort as they made their way to the palace.

Once inside the impressive and intimating palace, Victoria was led down several hallways that looked to be lined with gold, they glittered so brightly. She was completely lost by the time Dharr opened a double set of doors to reveal a large, airy school room. Inside, there were two small children sitting at desks. As soon as the doors opened, both children and a stern looking woman stood up and bowed.

Victoria bowed back to them, not sure what the protocol was in this instance. "Stand up," Dharr said harshly. "They are bowing to me," he explained.

"Oh," she said, and a smile appeared on her face. "Sorry."

Dharr's black eyes sliced over to her face and showed her his displeasure. But Victoria wasn't looking. Her attention was focused on the two, terribly sad looking children staring back at her.

Dharr said something in Arabic that she didn't understand but then reverted to English again. "May I present, Arina and Bajan," he said and the small girl and boy bowed politely to Victoria. "And their governess, Ms. Mattingly."

The three previous occupants of the room only stared at Victoria. Two small pairs of eyes watched without emotion and the other with what Victoria would later learn was hostility. Obviously, Dharr hadn't given the governess any forewarning that Victoria was coming, nor did he tell anyone why she was here.

Without any additional explanation, Dharr nodded curtly to the children and Ms. Mattingly before addressing Victoria. "I shall leave you to your studies, children," Dharr said formally. "Victoria, report to me daily on your progress," he said and left the room. "I'll expect to see you tonight at dinner," he called out to her as the door closed.

With that, he left, the double doors closed behind him by a waiting servant.

Victoria stood there, wondering what in the world she was supposed to do. He wanted a progress report by tonight? She looked at her watch and figured it was almost lunch time in Ashir.

The quiet in the large schoolroom after Dharr left was eerie. Finally, Ms Mattingly cleared her throat and straightened her already ramrod straight spine. "Well, we should get back to our studies, children," Ms. Mattingly said. "Take your seats," she said. "If you will excuse us, Ms. Mason?"

Victoria knew that the governess didn't want her there but the children didn't seem to mind. "I think I'll just stay and listen, if you don't mind."

The governess pursed her lips but nodded. "Open your books, children," she instructed.

Victoria watched as the children struggled with their lessons. Her heart went out to the small children who were sitting so still in their chairs. Victoria had never seen a three year old sit still for hours like this. Arina should be outside, running and playing, screaming and singing songs in order to learn. The memorization Ms. Mattingly preferred just wasn't as effective as touching and playing and doing, Victoria thought.

Victoria watched without interrupting for the rest of the afternoon but her heart was breaking when she saw that Arina's eyes looked dead and sad. No more mischief within their deep, brown depths. And Bajan was just as serious as she'd thought from his pictures.

Finally, Ms. Mattingly closed her books and declared it quiet time. Both children stood up and started walking. Victoria stood up and smiled. "Ms. Mattingly, would you mind if I spoke to the children?" she said.

The governess walked over to stand next to the children. "Of course," she said and waited.

"Alone," Victoria emphasized when the straight laced woman showed no signs of leaving the children for a moment without her guidance and strict discipline.

That was not the woman's choice but pursed her lips and left the room.

Victoria looked at the two small beings and their sad, pain-filled eyes. "Well, that was a lot of learning today, wasn't it?" Victoria asked, sitting down on the floor and hoping the children would do the same. They simply stood next to her, momentarily looking at her like she'd lost her head, but then going back to their dead eyes.

Even a momentary emotion was good, she thought. "Would you like to sit down?" Victoria asked.

The girl thought about it but then rejected the idea but didn't say a word, just shook her head. The boy didn't deign to reply. He obviously had a great deal of his uncle in him and sitting on the floor was simply an unacceptable thing to do, according to the disdainful look in his eyes.

Victoria was undeterred. "Well, that's okay. I was hoping you both could help me to pronounce your names. I'm not very good at your language yet, you know."

Victoria slaughtered their names but the children just politely explained the correct pronunciation without any sort of change in their features. It took almost an hour of being silly before Victoria finally got a half smile out of Arina. Bajan didn't even blink at her silliness.

Ms. Mattinglly came back and excused the children, explaining that it was time for the children's bath time.

Victoria followed along, knowing that she wasn't wanted but uncaring. At the first sight of the children when she'd walked into their school room, Victoria knew that she was doing this for them, and no longer to protect Scott from Dharr's retribution.

She went through the rest of the evening with them, ending the day in the children's dining room where she told silly stories of the animals on the farm she'd grown up on and the antics of her sister as well as her father who had been known to crack a joke or two when the nights were bitterly cold and there was nothing else to do but stay close to the fire after feeding the animals. The children didn't smile, but at least they paid attention.

Once they were in bed, Victoria was exhausted. All she wanted to do was soak in a tub and go to sleep. But she remembered Dharr's order that she update him on her progress during dinner. She considered ignoring the order but gave in only because he was their legal guardian and Victoria knew that he had a right to hear what she thought of their predicament.

She asked a servant where to find Dharr, wanting to get her "report" over with for the day. When she was told he would be in a meeting until later that night, Victoria was secretly relieved to have the burden of facing him taken off her, at least for the first day. It was a small reprieve but one she embraced nonetheless.

She was instead led to a suite of rooms where she found her luggage. There were three rooms in total and all of them were huge and beautifully decorated. There was a bedroom, a sitting room and a bathroom, all decorated in soft shades of pink, white and cream. In the bedroom, there was an enormous bed covered in silk sheets and thick, fluffy blankets, stacked high with pillows of all shapes and sizes against the headboard that was also covered in pink silk. Just outside the bedroom was a sunken living room, filled with comfortable looking sofas and chairs, centered around a marble coffee table. A fireplace was along one wall and curtains shielded what she suspected were windows. But the best part of all was the bathroom. Walking in, her eyes were drawn to the huge, sunken bathtub. It was all white marble with pink accents and a shower with several jets right next to the bath.

It seemed as if every bone in her body ached from the stress of the past four days. Ever since Dharr had re-entered her life, nothing had been the same. Even her enjoyment of the last few days of school had been tormented with memories of the times she'd spent with Dharr so long ago.

Hoping for some relief from the tension, Victoria turned on the bathtub and stripped out of her worn jeans and shirt. Adding bath salts and bubbles from an assortment of items on the side, she slipped into the quickly filled tub. The water was perfect and she laid her head down on the cushioned end, closing her eyes and letting the stress soak out of her body.

She was thinking about Dharr and the children and Dharr's hands, trying desperately to keep her mind from reliving the details of Dharr's kisses and touch from five years ago. Would it be the same? Would she still react? She wasn't going to find out, she determined. She would stay away from him and only report to him in a formal sense. All discussions about the children could be conducted in his office, if he even had an office. She frowned, wondering where the man conducted the state business. Perhaps there was some sort of throne room. A shiver went through her. That thought brought home the reality that the man really was royalty. A king! Good grief, what had he ever seen in her? She'd been so naive and trusting. Maybe that was why he'd considered her 'unworthy'.

Sighing, she pushed the memories and uncomfortable thoughts from her mind, knowing she'd never have the answers. His opinion of her didn't matter anymore.

Soothing herself by moving the water around, forcing her mind to think only of the children and not of their incredibly handsome, dynamic, arrogant and domineering uncle, she eventually started to relax.

The door closing in the outer room alerted her that someone had entered. But who on earth would come in? Probably only a maid coming to turn down the bed, she thought. Could they not know that she was already in here? Or had she just imagined the noise? When she didn't hear anything else, she chalked up the weird sensation to fatigue. She closed her eyes and relaxed, telling herself that no one would dare enter her rooms. Security at the palace was extremely tight so she was safer here than she would be at home.

"Relaxed?" Dharr's deep voice said from the doorway.

Victoria sat up so quickly the water splashed around, creating waves that sloshed over the side. "What are you doing in here?" she demanded, looking for a towel to cover herself. Fortunately, the bubbles were still thick enough to hide her nakedness from him.

He leaned negligently against the door frame while he watched her in the bathtub. "I told you I wanted a daily report. You missed dinner, so I decided to find you instead."

"I didn't miss dinner," she gasped, pulling the bubbles closer to her breasts. "I asked a servant where to find your office but they said you would be in meetings for the rest of the night. And I can come talk to you later. Please leave," she said emphatically. She was trying to sound assertive but she knew her voice just sounded breathless.

Instead of obeying her command, Dharr pushed away from the doorway and walked fully into the bathroom. He took one of the marble seats covered in soft, pink silk. "What did you think of the children?" he asked, looking like he was completely relaxed as he asked about his niece and nephew.

Victoria swallowed hard, searching the bubbles for holes. "Dharr, please, can't we have this conversation in a few minutes?"

He looked at her in the tub and raised one eyebrow. "Why are you so nervous? Do I make you nervous?" he asked. "Is it that you'd prefer me to climb in there with you?"

"No!" she sat back, eyeing the towels that were sitting right next to him. "Could you just hand me a towel?"

He reached out his arm, extending the towel to her but not getting up to deliver it as she'd hoped. "Happy to oblige," he said. In order for Victoria to reach the towel, she'd have to get out and walk the ten feet to him. There was no way she would do that in her present, naked, state.

Victoria sat back, glaring at him. If he wasn't bothered by their situation, then she could at least pretend she wasn't. She wouldn't give him power over her. "You're niece is wonderful but needs to smile more. Your nephew is a piece of work, wrapped in stress and wondering how he can shoulder the awesome responsibility of raising his sister all on his own."

Dharr blinked at her statement. "But he doesn't need to do that," Dharr countered.

She raised her eyebrows at him, showing him her opinion of his perception. "Have you told him that?" she argued.

Dharr looked confused. "No. Why should I? He knows that I'll take care of him."

Victoria shook her head. "No, he doesn't. Children are black and white. Their world only makes sense on their level, not necessarily on ours. So in his mind, his mother and father are gone, that means he's the man of the house."

Dharr considered her words carefully and Victoria was surprised when he didn't contradict her again. "That's an interesting perspective," he conceded. "I'll think about what you said. What will you do tomorrow?"

Victoria sighed, thinking about the governess. "I don't know. Can I spend some time playing with them alone? Not just a small span of time but for perhaps half the day?"

"Why would you want to do that?"

Victoria looked stunned. "Why not?"

"Don't you get tired of them?" he asked, curiously.

Victoria smiled, understanding at last. "Ah, you're one of those."

"What of what 'those'," he challenged.

"One of those people who thinks children should be seen and not heard; and only at appropriate, limited times during the day."

"Of course," he replied as if that was the most obvious thing in the world.

Victoria eyed him suspiciously but then saw the amusement in his eyes. "No you're not. You just don't know any differently, do you?" She refused to laugh, hating that he could still do that to her. He could be a horrible tease, she remembered.

Dharr chuckled and moved closer. "I'll admit that my parents didn't play with me much. But I don't think some commingling of adults and children would be inappropriate. As long as you are there to supervise," he challenged.

He stood up and walked closer to the bathtub. Victoria wasn't overly concerned, thinking he was actually leaving and she could get out of the tub. It was becoming uncomfortably hot, what with the warm water and Dharr's gorgeous body so close and his intense, sexy eyes watching her closely.

But he didn't stop his momentum towards the tub when she thought he should be turning towards the doorway. "Dharr, what are you doing?" she asked, all the nervousness she'd been holding at bay came rushing back to the forefront now that he was much too close to the bathtub.

"It is time for you to get out of the tub," he claimed.

"Dharr!" she snapped, watching his hand move to the faucet. "What are you thinking of doing?"

"I'm going to let the water out. You're here as my guest and I am honor bound to take care of you. I can't let you become too water-logged," he explained as if that were the most obvious action in the world.

"Don't you dare!" she squealed. But he dared. All the time. With a simple press of a button, the drain to the bathtub opened up. "Dharr!" she gasped, frantically searching for a towel or a washcloth, anything that would cover her up.

"There's a towel beside the bench over there," he explained, still bending down close to the bathtub. His dark eyes were filled with amusement and mischief and something she didn't dare define, too afraid it would be desire.

The water drained out of the tub and she watched in horror as Dharr walked patiently over to the stack of thick, pink towels. He unfolded the top one and held it open for her. "You're going to have to come out sooner or later," he chuckled.

"You're a bastard," she said, glaring at him but still frantically watching the water which was quickly draining away.

"So you've mentioned before. Now be a good girl and come out of there. After all, you're not afraid of me, are you?"

Victoria scooped up as many bubbles as she could, holding them in front of her primly. She didn't care how silly she looked but rushed over to the open towel. She tried pulling it out of his hands, but his strong, muscular arms only closed around her, thankfully covering her up but now she had a new problem. And this one was more painful than the last.

The towel was closed, covering up her nakedness but Dharr's hands were holding it there. His chest was pressed against hers and his arms were pulling her close, pressing her hips against his.

"You can let go of me," she said breathlessly, worriedly looking up into his face.

"I don't think I want to," he said, his eyes were staring at her lips.

"Don't," she said, knowing where his thoughts were going and hoping she could dissuade him somehow. But even to her own ears her voice lacked conviction.

"Why not?" he asked. "Don't tell me you don't wonder if it would be like it used to be between us," he said softly. "You remember, don't you? At the first touch of our lips, the heat would fire and you'd be in my arms, begging me to touch you, needing the next step, but terrified of what that next step would be." His eyes were watching the flush steal into her cheeks and her mouth open slowly as she tried to form a response. "You know what that next step would be now, don't you? And you want it, from me."

"I don't," she claimed.

He took one hand from her back and put it against the pulse beating on her throat. "You're lying," he said. "I wonder why. Why would you be so afraid of what we can share between each other?"

"Because I don't like you."

He smiled at her adamant reply, knowing she was nervous about what he could make her body feel. "Well, that's the funny thing about chemistry," he soothed, the hand touching her throat moved upwards, to rest against her cheek, stroking her full, lower lip sensuously. "It doesn't really take our 'likes' into account when revealing it's ugly head, does it?"

Victoria was starting to realize he was right. She fought it, she really did. But then his hand moved down from her back where it was holding the towel, he pushed the terry cloth away and rested against her skin instead, rubbing her skin and starting a fire wherever he touched. At the first contact, Victoria gasped and tried to arch away, but his other hand moved from her mouth, down to cover her breast, his thumb rubbing against the nipple through the thick terry cloth.

Every sensation was coiling inside her, pooling in her stomach, then sending liquid heat between her legs. "You feel it, don't you, Victoria?" he said softly.

Before she knew what was happening, the towel was gone and she was leaning against him, her naked flesh revealed to his fully clothed body. She felt his erection against her stomach and a part of her was terrified, but she wanted him. She accepted that she'd never wanted any other man. It was crazy but she couldn't deny it.

"You want me, don't you," he said, whispering in her ear before nibbling on her earlobe. "You're not thinking about anyone else, are you?"

Victoria stopped cold with his words while all the frustrations of the past five years came rushing back to her. Why on earth would he want to know if she was thinking about someone else? Then it came to her, his words earlier that she was sleeping with Scott and he must think there had been others. He thought she was promiscuous!

She pushed away from him with all her strength and thankfully caught him off-guard. "Don't do that!" she cried and picked up the towel, throwing it around her and then rushing from the room.

She ran into the bedroom and stood there, shaking and waiting for him to come out. When he did, her body started shaking even more. He walked towards her, his stride determined and the look in his eyes telling her that he was furious.

She held one hand out in front of her while the other held the towel firmly in place. "Don't come near me, Dharr. We've had this conversation before and I won't let you do that to me again!" she said, holding her hand out like a shield.

But he just took her hand in his and pulled her against him. "You're fooling yourself if you think you can ignore what is going on between us, Victoria. I allowed you room before but that was my mistake. I learned from that adventure into hell. Believe me, I won't let us travel down that road again." He started to walk out of the room and then stopped. Turning back to her, he glared at her. "Was he the first?"

She was shivering so violently she could barely hold the towel. His words didn't make sense to her sexually frustrated and terrified mind. "What the hell are you talking about?" she demanded. "Was who the first?"

The idea that he'd been fooled all along had eaten into his psyche for the past five years. And now he had to know. He'd suspected it for so long, suspected that she'd only been stringing him along hoping for more. But it hadn't made sense. She hadn't taken anything from him, even to the point of cooking him meals in an effort to maintain her side of the relationship. Good grief, she fought against even take a cell phone from him. But he had to know if she really had been a virgin when he'd initially met her. Had all her innocence and resistance to his position and wealth been a lie? Was she really that good of an actress?

"Was that night the first time" he demanded, "or were there others before him?"

"You're insane!" she claimed, still not understanding what he was accusing her of.

A cruel smile twisted his mouth in response. "You're probably right but that still doesn't answer my question," he stated emphatically. "Were there others?"

"I'm not answering that. It is none of your business. It never was," she said, lifting her chin and glaring right back at him, refusing to give in to his intimidation tactics.

The fact that she wouldn't tell him answered for her. She condemned herself with her silence and that only infuriated him further. She would prefer to share her body with others rather than become his wife and the mother of his children. Turning on his heel, he left her, slamming the door in his wake.

Chapter 7

The following morning, Victoria walked into the children's breakfast room a servant had directed her to and stopped short. Sitting at the table looking incredibly sophisticated and sexy, casually drinking coffee was Dharr. And he was having a very serious conversation with his nephew. Bajan was talking about his responsibilities and Arina was listening intently. Dharr nodded his head at certain points in the conversation but most of all, he allowed Bajan to talk.

She stood in the doorway, feeling like an intruder but unwilling and unable to step back. She'd mentioned last night that she suspected that Bajan was taking on the responsibility of raising his sister alone and Dharr had listened to her, actually listened! What's more, he was acting on that piece of information.

The pain twisting her stomach after last night eased somewhat. Victoria realized that whatever Dharr thought of her as a woman, he respected her professionally. And that was something. And going from nothing to something was a heady experience for her.

She listened intently as Bajan continued to talk and her heart went out to the little man who was discussing how best to take care of his sister and Dharr nodded his head earnestly. Bajan was serious but also very intelligent and well spoken for a boy of his age.

"I think you have some good ideas, Bajan," Dharr was saying. "But maybe you could let me help you with some of the issues you may be facing in the years ahead of you," he said. "I'm not saying that in all instances I should interfere, but perhaps I could guide you like my advisors guide me."

Bajan considered this and, after several moments, he nodded his head. "I would be grateful for your guidance, Uncle Dharr," he said.

Once that was settled, Dharr turned to face Arina. "And what is on your mind, little one?" he asked.

She looked around, noting that her governess was far enough away to not overhear the conversation. "I'd like a doggy," she whispered. The words came out as if she knew that such an idea was forbidden.

Victoria heard the words and she smiled secretly, loving the intent expression of the little girl. But the expression on Dharr's face was equally priceless. "A doggy?" he said loudly and Victoria understood his horror. She tried not to smile but it was too precious to see Dharr's face. She stifled a giggle and covered her mouth.

"Well, what would you do with a doggy?" he asked, maintaining the serious facade.

Arina shrugged her shoulders and looked down. "I don't know," she revealed. Her eyes, which had shown a small spark of excitement, died down and the sadness returned. "Maybe it was a silly idea."

Dharr looked up, straight at Victoria, obviously having known all along that she was there and listening to the conversation. His look was a call for help. He'd been doing so well up to that point and Victoria hated to intrude, but she understood that Dharr didn't understand what he should say in this instance.

Victoria stepped into the room and sat down next to the little girl. She started talking about her dog Harry she'd had at home. Turning to Arina, she suggested, "Do you want a dog so you can have something to keep forever?" she asked.

Arina thought about it for a long time, then slowly nodded her head. Then in the middle of her nod, she shook her head. "But nothing lasts forever," she said.

Victoria shook her head. "I'm not sure I agree with that," she said. Four sets of eyes looked up at her. She concentrated on the small set of brown eyes that were looking up curiously. "Think about it," Victoria said. "You miss your mother and father, don't you?" she said.

Arina nodded but she noted that Bajan lifted his head slightly, fighting the need to reveal his pain. "But do you think about them?"

Again, Arina nodded her head.

Ms. Mattingly stepped in at that point. "I don't think this is an appropriate conversation," she snapped.

"I agree," Dharr said.

But Victoria ignored them. "Well, think of your memories of your mother and father. What's the one thing you remember the most?" she asked, turning to Arina first.

Arina looked to Ms. Mattingly, then to Dharr who slowly nodded his head. Given permission, Arina pursed her lips, thinking hard. After several minutes, she whispered, "Bedtime kisses."

"What did your mother smell like?" Victoria asked softly.

"Flowers."

Victoria smiled encouragingly, feeling a huge sense of relief that she was breaking through, even in a small way, with Arina. "And what did she feel like?"

"Soft," Bajan stepped in.

Arina looked over at Bajan, wanting to cry but knowing her brother wouldn't do it, therefore, it was probably inappropriate at the moment in her eyes.

"Think about those feelings. I guarantee that they will last forever," Victoria said. She then clapped her hands together gently. "Know what?" she said and all four sets of eyes looked up at her again. "Your uncle has given me permission to play with you for the morning. What do you think of that?" Victoria asked, looking at both children.

Both of them turned to face Ms. Mattingly who nodded her head. "If His Highness has approved the interruption, then I suppose it is okay."

Dharr stood up and bowed. "I leave you both in Ms. Mason's hands. Mind your manners and behave," he said sternly. When both children nodded in response, Dharr turned on his heel and left the breakfast room.

As soon as he left, Ms. Mattingly also departed, although her body language conveyed the message that she disapproved of the interruption to her daily schedule with the children. Arina and Bajan both stared at Victoria who just grimaced after the stern lady's departure. "She's pretty tough, isn't she?"

Neither child agreed, nor would either of them crack a smile.

"Can either of you show me to the play room?" Victoria asked, searching for something that would break through their silence. "I'd rather not spend our short time together in the school room and I don't know the palace well enough to suggest another place where we can get to know each other."

They led her down the hallway to a sunny, wonderful room filled with lovely toys for all ages. It took a while, but eventually, Victoria got them to engage in the toys. As they played, she talked to them, getting them to slowly start to talk about their feelings and their grief. But at lunchtime, Ms. Mattingly arrived and halted the play, escorting the children to the schoolroom where Victoria sat and observed, fuming at the woman's need to control little people who were supposed to wriggle and squirm.

Instead of waiting for Dharr to come to her that night, she sought him out, waiting outside his office this time until he finished his meeting. She didn't want another repeat of the previous night's interrogation. Unfortunately, she didn't have much to report. But she promised to keep trying. As soon as the discussion was over, she hurried out of his office, almost running to her suite of rooms in order to avoid Dharr.

That's how the whole first week went. The children didn't open up very much, nor did she do so to Dharr. She refused all dinner invitations, explaining that she'd rather eat with the children but some nights, she ate in her own room, not able to deal with Ms. Mattingly's sternly disapproving demeanor any longer.

Saturday morning, ten days after her arrival, she had a breakthrough of the most amazing kind. She was sound asleep when she heard the door to her suite open. Turning, she was about to pull the sheets up over her revealing tee-shirt when she heard the small footsteps. It was Arina. She was staring at Victoria's sleep drugged face, tears streaming down her chubby, beautiful cheeks. "What's wrong?" she asked, pulling the little girl into her arms, cradling her and rocking her back and forth. "Arina, please tell me what's happened," Victoria begged, genuinely worried about the small, shaking little girl in her arms.

"I miss my mommy," she whispered as if it were an awful secret.

"Oh, dear. I'm so glad," Victoria said, pulling the child closer to her. "I know, sweetheart."

"You know?" the child asked, looking up into Victoria's face. "How did you know?"

Victoria smiled through her own tears. "Arina there's no way anyone could lose their mother and father and not feel sad," she said.

"But I'm supposed to be strong," she said, laying her head against Victoria's chest.

"Who said?" Victoria asked carefully. If Dharr or Ms. Mattingly had said that to her, she would absolutely contradict them. But if Bajan had given her that admonition, then Victoria knew she'd have to step carefully. Victoria didn't want to hurt the impression Arina had of her brother's strengths, but she didn't want the little girl to keep the hurt inside either.

"Ms. Mattingly said so," the small voice whispered. "She said we have to be strong and keep on working at our studies so we can grow up to be smart leaders."

Victoria hoped the anger she felt for the governess didn't show on her face. She looked gently down at the small child in her arms and thought carefully about how Victoria could ease the child's burden. "Sometimes it is a good thing to cry, Arina. Being strong means revealing your feelings," she said. "It means knowing that something is wrong and letting others help you," Victoria said, sobbing herself now that Arina was crying out desperately, her pain wracked body shaking with her grief.

A moment later, Bajan stood next to her bed. "Do you mean it?" he asked, fighting the tears that were threatening. "But Uncle Dharr doesn't reveal his feelings," Bajan argued.

Victoria could see that the boy was trying valiantly to hold back his tears but she wouldn't let him. "Oh yes he does," she said. "You just need to know how to read him," she said. Victoria didn't tell him that she herself didn't know how to read their uncle. It was enough that the boy climbed immediately into bed with them and started crying.

The two children cried for over an hour, neither wanting to talk, just to be held and let go of the pain they had been living with for almost seven months. Eventually, they fell asleep, Bajan's hand holding onto his sister's arm but his other wrapped around Victoria's waist. Arina's hand was holding onto Victoria's hand and both of hers were around each child.

That was how Dharr found them. He had been told by Ms. Mattingly that the children had disappeared and the whole palace was searching for them. Some instinct had told Dharr to look for Victoria and he'd find the children, but he hadn't thought to look in her bed. Now, seeing the three of them, sound asleep, his heart ached and he let out a sigh of relief. The children were safe and Victoria was still here.

Dharr didn't analyze why it was so important that Victoria was still within in the palace walls. He just left her suite, closing the door softly behind him.

The summons came that afternoon. She'd been spending time with the children, not letting Ms. Mattingly have them but simply playing with them in the play room and encouraging them to talk about their memories of their parents.

Victoria looked at the note written in Dharr's strong handwriting. It was simple and to the point. He asked her to meet him in his office at her earliest convenience. The odd thing was that he actually asked her to meet him. It wasn't an order.

Victoria didn't like the nice tone. It was too patient. That just wasn't like the Dharr she had come to know she thought, holding the note in her hand while Arina carried a baby doll over to her. What was he playing at?

She decided to go immediately. She didn't think she could stand the curiosity so she found a servant to watch over the children, then she left the school room and headed towards Dharr's offices.

As soon as she arrived, she was waved into his office which was odd in itself. Wasn't he in meetings or needing to finish up whatever he was working on? She was used to waiting for him, at least for a few minutes. This immediacy was odd.

She entered and looked around, impressed despite herself. The office was furnished in dark, heavy furniture but because of the enormous size of the room, it didn't look cluttered. The whole room was two stories high with floor to ceiling windows on each end looking out onto a courtyard. His desk was the largest piece and was made of dark, polished wood. It sat in front of a long wall of shelves filled top to bottom in books. The remaining wall had the doors to the outer offices as well as other doors that were mysteriously closed. There were also large paintings of battles or portraits that were so perfectly rendered they had to be priceless.

Standing in the middle of all of this grandeur was Dharr himself, looking more like a king than she'd ever thought him to be. It was scary to think that she'd dated the man for more than six weeks, had kissed him and touched him, fell in love with him and learned so much from him but during that whole time, she'd never known he was ruler to Ashir.

Now, looking at him in this amazing room, there could be no doubt about his role in the world. He was a ruler, born and bred. It showed with every mannerism and posture. How could she have missed all these things so many years ago?

Because if she'd realized he was a King at that time, she would have run the other way. She hadn't wanted him to be anything other than a normal man. That meant that she was free to be with him. Each time she'd started to think he might be more than what he was letting on, she'd dismissed the idea as too far fetched. But deep down, she hadn't wanted to acknowledge that he was out of her league.

"Good afternoon," he said, putting down the report he had been reading. "Are your rooms adequate?"

This formal man standing before her was unfamiliar. "Yes. They are very nice," she replied, just as formally. Why was he asking her this when she'd been here for almost two weeks already? Something was up. She just couldn't figure it out yet.

"Good. How are the children?" he asked.

This was familiar ground for her. She relaxed slightly and considered all the issues she'd unraveled today. "I think they are fine. I just left them in the school room."

"You don't like Ms. Mattingly, do you?" he questioned.

Victoria hesitated for only a moment before replying, "No. I think she is part of the problem."

"In what way?" he asked, waving her into a seat. Victoria looked down and took one of the large, leather seats grouped around a coffee table. "Would you like some coffee?" he asked, lifting an elaborate silver coffee pot, prepared to pour her some.

"No. Thank you." She sat on the edge of her seat and looked around at the various paintings, the beautiful furniture, anywhere but at the handsome but completely intimidating man in front of her. "I think she is a perfectly adequate teacher for older students but for a three year old and a six year old, they need to be more active. I've never seen children that age sit still for so long."

His eyebrows came down into a straight line across his dark eyes, as if he disagreed with her on this point. "Isn't that a good thing?" he asked.

Her eyes whipped back to his and she answered, "Of course not," without thinking of a more diplomatic reply.

He was surprised, but didn't take issue with her immediate contradiction as she had anticipated. "Please explain."

She needed to choose her words carefully so he would understand. Arina and Bajan needed her to be able to get through to Dharr so they could be free of their strict, daily routines. She started off slowly, "Children that age need activity. Their brains don't work the same way an adult's does. They need to see, hear, feel, possibly taste the things they are learning. The more ways a person absorbs the information, the better it will stay in their minds. Rote memorization isn't the best way to learn."

He smiled slowly. "You're very passionate about your ideas, Victoria. I don't remember you being this strong minded."

Victoria flushed, thinking back at how pathetic she must have seemed, trying to please him at every turn. "I guess I've grown up and developed opinions of my own. I don't care if you don't like it," she said, her chin lifting a fraction of an inch as a challenge.

"And what if I do?" he asked softly.

That confused her. The admiring glance also made her warm inside but she ignored that feeling, knowing that he was just trying to charm her. "I'm not here to please you, Dharr. I know the rest of the world lives and breathes to please you but you won't get that from me," she said, her eyes turning angry at the idea.

"Ah, but Victoria, you please me a great deal. Just your beauty alone is lovely to look upon," he replied.

Her mouth dropped open and she had to look away from his sensuous expression. His eyes were still hard, but they had a look that told her he was thinking about other ways she could please him. His finger smoothed along his lower lip and Victoria's mind wondered what it would feel like to have that finger touching her lip, caressing her body.

Stop it! She told herself. It was pointless to go down that path. There was no way she was going back to him and besides, he hadn't indicated that he was even interested in her in any way other than professionally.

"As I said, flattery will get you no where," she said again and looked away. Her whole body was reacting to the thought of his touch, remembering the heat and the pleasure he could give her with only a simple touch. "Anyway, if there is nothing else, I'll get out of your way. I'm sure you have plenty of work to do." She stood up and started to leave but his next words stopped her.

"Actually, there is one more thing, if you have a moment," he said, standing up with her. That meant that their bodies were close and he looked down into her green eyes, holding her hand to stop her momentum. "There is a function tomorrow night. I was hoping you would be able to accompany me."

"Why?" she asked, her hand shaking within his. She couldn't help it. Dharr being arrogant and domineering was hard to resist. But Dharr being nice and charming was devastating to her senses. "Why do you need me there?"

"You are my guest and I was thinking it would give you a chance to meet some new people, enjoy the night and relax a little." He took her hand more firmly within his and tucked it into his arm as he escorted her to the door. "But if you don't think it would be a good idea, then I will find another woman to accompany me," he said.

Victoria's eyes snapped up to look at his, trying to determine if he was serious. When she just saw his blank, patient expression, she knew that he wasn't bluffing. Her heart went into overdrive. The jealousy tearing at her was instantaneous and blinding. "You are seeing someone?" she asked, hoping he couldn't hear the anger in her voice. She wanted to pull her hand free and find the woman, do her physical harm. It was shocking to know that she hated someone she hadn't even met, didn't know even existed until this moment.

Her feelings were ridiculous since she had no claim to Dharr. Nor did she want one, she told herself. But there was no denying the jealousy tearing her up.

Dharr noted the anger in her eyes and instantly recognized it as jealousy, just as he'd suspected and hoped. "I'm not seeing anyone at the moment," he reassured her. "But I need a companion for the night and was hoping you could help me in this instance."

"Fine," Victoria snapped, angry now that she felt such overwhelming relief. "Yes," she replied more graciously for fear that he would think she was doing this grudgingly and go find another companion. She just couldn't deal with the idea of another woman on Dharr's arm. "I'll be happy to help you out tomorrow night," she said quickly, adding a smile. "What time? Is it formal?"

"It is formal but I'll have something appropriate for you to wear sent over. There may be other events later in the week that perhaps you might help me with as well?" he questioned. "But if they become a burden, just let me know and I will find someone else to accompany me for those events."

Victoria gritted her teeth and shook her head. "No need. The children go to sleep early and I can accompany you. After all, I don't have much to do in the evenings, do I?" She felt good that she could turn down his offer of a dress. Even though she now knew he was a King with probably oodles of money, she didn't want to be indebted to him. "As for a dress, no need to have one delivered. I think I have something appropriate." She waited for him to contradict her on that subject. In the past, he had been adamant that she accept gifts from him, even an allowance. But even then, just as now, she wanted to stand on her own and not accept his money, even in the form of an appropriate dress for a formal event.

Dharr bowed slightly and smiled. "I appreciate your help."

Victoria smiled back but didn't bow. She accepted his bow and left his office, an odd feeling in her stomach. She refused to identify the feeling as excitement. It was just nausea she told herself.

She held herself proudly until she got out into the hallway, then leaned against the wall, closing her eyes and shaking her head. "What have I gotten myself into?" she questioned out loud.

Hearing a noise at the other end of the hall, her eyes snapped open and she saw several people heading towards Dharr's office. Scrambling to pull herself together, she hurried back to her suite. Making a quick phone call, she left a message for Scott, telling him he needed to send some dresses to her as soon as possible and the way to get them here. She told him to send them via overnight mail and she'd have them pressed once they arrived. She was sure that there was a dry cleaning facility somewhere around here that would press the dresses quickly. She just hoped Scott got the message in time.

The next thirty six hours were the most stressful of Victoria's life. She received a package the following morning and sure enough, Scott had sent her five different dresses. She recognized all of them since she'd modeled them for him in the past. It meant they would all fit her perfectly since he'd created them for her. They weren't really wrinkled either but one of the servants promised that they would be pressed and back in her closet for the evening event.

That night, she chose a mint green creation that wasn't too revealing but hugged her upper body with soft folds, creating a V down the front and back, then flaring out into a graceful cascade of mint green chiffon to the floor. It was very romantic looking and was one of her favorites. She remembered how Scott had had her hair done for the photo shoot and tried to recreate it, but in the end, she just left the soft curls hanging down her back and only lifting the sides with small, green clips. Scott had hired a hairdresser for all the photo shoots and, although the hairstyle had looked easy enough to recreate, it obviously wasn't.

She was glad she'd gone to all the trouble when Dharr arrived to escort her to the party. His eyes flared as he took in her figure clad in the soft dress. He didn't say anything, but she knew that he liked the dress. Why it was so important for her, she wasn't going to even think about.

He tucked her hand into his arm and walked her down the hallway, explaining that there were several ambassadors and their wives here for the evening. He was entertaining them in order to work their treaties for better terms for Ashir and some of the negotiations had turned slightly sticky.

The evening turned out to be wonderful. She didn't sense any tension from the other guests in the room. There were about fifty people, all fabulously dressed and loaded with jewels. Some of the older ladies were even wearing white gloves to their elbows which was a sweet throwback to the nineteen fifties. She'd have to mention the thought to Scott as an accessory to one of his newer creations.

What was more, Dharr didn't let her out of his sight. He kept her close, included her in all of the conversations and asked her opinion on several issues. It was completely different from five years ago. She had never been introduced to anyone important at that time and Dharr had tried to mould her into the kind of woman he wanted her to be. It seemed he respected her now, and liked what she had to say.

At the end of the night, Victoria started to become nervous. Dharr's hands were touching her back and, although she tried, she couldn't contain a shiver of excitement over his touch. She didn't want to be excited. She wanted to be immune to his touch, his charm.

Once the last guest had departed, Victoria tried to slip her arm out from his. She was a bundle of nerves and she wanted nothing better than to slip into his arms and feel his lips on hers.

"I have to go," she said instead.

"I'll walk you to your room."

"No!" she said, stopping him and putting a hand to his chest. She immediately whipped it away, then took a step backwards. "No, thank you," she finally got out, biting her lower lip. "I'll be fine."

"But I insist," he countered.

"Dharr, I can find my way to my room," she said and started walking down the hallway.

He fell into step beside her and walked with her anyway. At her door, he turned her around but didn't kiss her. Instead, he picked up her hand and bowed low. "Thank you for your assistance tonight," he said. "Can I count on you again tomorrow night?" he asked.

Victoria thought about how she'd felt next to him all night. She'd been supremely conscious of him as a man and of all the women looking at him. There were the looks of envy as well as those of approval. She'd ignored all the jealousy, tossing it aside. "Dharr, why do you need me?" she asked. "You can work the room quite well on your own."

He took a step closer, trapping her hand between their bodies. His eyes showed her the passion that had been tamped down for her benefit. But now, he didn't hide anything. It was all there, letting her know that nothing had changed between them. The chemistry was still intense and ready to be acknowledged. "Because I want you by my side. Because I think you are incredibly beautiful with intelligence and wit. And because if you won't accompany me, I'll have to find a replacement and that will make you jealous and, although there are many feelings I want to engender within you, that is not one of them." He kissed her hand and then stepped backwards. "I'll see you tomorrow night. Again, thank you for a lovely evening."

Victoria slipped into her room and almost fell onto her bed before her legs gave out on her. What was it about the man that made him completely irresistible to her? Why couldn't she just think of him as any other man she'd met?

Victoria was in a quandary. Being around him meant feeling things she knew were bad for her in both the short term and long term. But if she didn't accompany him to these functions, he would find someone else. And that thought just tore her up inside. Either way, she was doomed.

She would just have to be strong, she told herself. The children had been fighting their emotions for so long, perhaps she could take a lesson from them? She could hide her feelings for Dharr and the way his touch made her feel. Yes, that would work, she told herself.

Chapter 8

The next day, Victoria arrived in the school room, dreading the next passive aggressive confrontation with the sour governess. But instead, she found Arina and Bajan playing in the school room. And laughing! They were actually laughing. It was music to Victoria's ears. The servant, named Gita, was down on the floor, doing a puppet show with them. Victoria had no idea what they were saying since they were currently speaking in Arabic, but she suspected it was just a silly play.

Victoria found out that the severe Ms. Mattingly was dismissed the previous day. Victoria was grateful to Dharr for really listening to her. The evidence was in the fact that the children were currently laughing and enjoying themselves instead of sitting straight and learning something that was developmentally beyond their abilities to comprehend.

Unfortunately, that meant that Victoria would have to go see Dharr yet again and thank him. She didn't want to but she couldn't think of an alternative. She considered sending a note, but that seemed too impersonal for what he'd done for the children.

Sighing, she knew she'd have to seek him out and thank him. Bracing herself for being near him again, she started the long walk through the palace to his offices. She gave herself a pep talk, trying to convince herself that she could be nice, polite, direct and grateful and not lose herself in the man's charm and charisma. She would maintain a distance of several feet, knowing that even a small touch from him without a crowd around her would make her body respond in ways that she knew were better left unexplored.

Who was she kidding, she thought when she entered the outer offices and asked if he was available for a moment. Victoria grimaced inwardly, remembering how her body had reacted to his touch last night even when they were surrounded by fifty other people. And she was excited about being with him tonight. She wanted him to keep her near, to feel his touch on her back and smile down into her face as he listened to her opinion.

"His Highness will see you immediately," Dharr's assistant replied as soon as he'd announced that Victoria was here to see him.

Dharr watched as Victoria walked into his office. As soon as she was inside and the door closed behind her, he could see the wariness in her eyes. And it made him feel good. He didn't like her being wary of him, but he knew that it was because of what he could make her feel.

Slow, he told himself. He needed to take it slow. She was like a tiny hummingbird sipping the nectar but ready to take flight at the slightest sense of danger. And instinctively, she considered Dharr dangerous.

She was right. He meant to have her. One way or another, he would have her in his bed and would find out what he had missed out on all those years ago. A small spark of anger fired inside his chest when he remembered that he wouldn't be the one to initiate her into the world of love making as he'd wanted to so many years ago, but he would enjoy her body none the less.

Perhaps it was better this way, he thought as she slowly approached his desk where he was standing, watching her. He considered her more beautiful now than she had been initially. There was something about her, a maturity, a confidence perhaps, that only enhanced her loveliness. And back then, he was starting to feel something for her. Now, he would make sure it was only sex. Good sex, he told himself. He smiled and knew it was a ferocious smile because he was thinking of all the ways he would enjoy her incredible, sexy body.

She was smart too. He'd made a good choice when he'd gone after her to help his niece and nephew. There had been many other people who would have done an adequate job. But he'd wanted her. After seeing Victoria with the children, he knew that her methods were much better than the governess's strict controls.

"Good morning, Dharr," she said, stopping on the opposite side of his desk

"Good morning, Victoria. To what do I owe this unexpected visit?" he asked, noticing that she kept her hands behind her back. He suspected that it was because they were shaking but he didn't mind. The action only served him more since it thrust her breasts outward, giving him a delightful view of their round firmness.

"I just heard that you released Ms. Mattingly from her contract. Is it true?"

"Yes. You said she was part of the problem. So she is no longer employed by me."

Victoria nodded, feeling wonderful that he accepted her advice so willingly and completely. "I'm grateful. And so are the children. They were watching a puppet show put on by Gita, one of the palace servants, when I left them. They were laughing," she smiled, excited to tell him the news. "They were actually smiling and laughing, Dharr!" she said, clasping her hands in front of her and almost jumping in her exciting news.

Dharr grinned, more entranced by her than by the news that his niece and nephew were progressing. He'd known that would happen eventually. Children were resilient. He considered correcting her use of his first name but then rejected the thought. He'd allowed her to call him that since their first meeting although no one else but his immediate family had that privilege. He wondered if she knew how few people were allowed to address him that way. He didn't think she did. Nor would she care if he told her.

"That's good news," he said. "I'm sure they are well on their way to a full recovery. Thanks to you."

Victoria flushed with pleasure at his praise and looked down at the desk, unable to hold his intense gaze. "Well, I guess I'd better get back to the children," she said haltingly. "Do you still need help tonight?" she asked, her eyes seeking his out, hoping that he did need her again. She hated to admit it, but she was looking forward to seeing him tonight and feeling his arm around her back and waist.

"Yes, if you are still able to accompany me, I would be grateful for the assistance," he replied.

"Absolutely." She looked up, then down again, biting her lip in indecision. "Well, then, I guess I'll head back," she said, feeling silly standing there looking at Dharr. He just looked so incredibly handsome in his charcoal suit. The jacket was tossed over a chair beside his desk but his crisp, white shirt stretched across his broad shoulders. Her eyes dropped to his arms which were crossed over his chest, the cuffs of his sleeves folded back so she had a glimpse of his muscular forearms.

"Was there something else?" Dharr asked softly. He could see her eyes and knew that she was looking at him. But would she dare to admit it? He leaned forward, his eyes giving her permission to look all she wanted.

But in the end, she simply shook her head. "No. That's all. I'll see you tonight," she said quickly then turned on her heel and walked out of his office.

Dharr enjoyed the view of her long legs and firm derriere encased in the slim fitting jeans. When the door closed behind her, he finally looked away, smiling inwardly. She wanted him and that was obvious. But how did he get her to act on those feelings?

Dharr turned and stared out the window, considering all he had learned that morning. He wanted her, that was a given. But although she was making progress with the children, he wasn't making any progress with her. He had brought her here with the dual purpose of helping the children but also exorcising her ghost. And he'd made no progress to date. It was time to change that.

He smiled mercilessly. She'd said a few days ago that the children needed him to be around more often. Well, if that's the case, he would do it. And if Victoria just happened to be there as well, then he would make the best of that situation. He'd listened to her advice so far and the children were recovering with leaps and bounds. He'd just continue to listen, and act, on her advice.

Victoria wore a simple, black cocktail dress that night. She'd pulled her hair back into a knot, tightly pinned at the base of her head. She smiled brightly to him when he arrived at her door. "What's the occasion tonight?" she asked, falling into step with him as he led her through the hallways of the palace.

"Tonight is more relaxed," he explained. "It is only a few CEOs and their wives who are old acquaintances. I think you'll like them."

"Old acquaintances?" she asked, hoping he would elaborate a little more.

"College friends," he said. "There's Lord Alfred Manning and his wife Sarah and Prince Jeffrey Asam and his wife Jasim. I went to school with Alfred and Jeffrey."

"Ah," she said, understanding but her nervousness increased slightly. This wasn't an affair that he would need a companion, was it? And if it wasn't, what did that mean about her presence tonight? Could he just want her to be with him? A delicious feeling swelled inside her.

And true to his word, the evening was definitely fun and relaxing. They ate out on a beautifully decorated veranda. Jeffrey and Alfred were handsome and charming men who were obviously in love with their wives. Victoria noticed that the men didn't like their wives to stray too far, and their wives weren't immune to their husbands either. The meal was delicious as usual and the laughter put Victoria more at ease than she'd been since Dharr's arrival at the school. She loved hearing stories about Dharr and the trouble the three men got into while at Oxford. And if Dharr treated her exactly like his friends treated their wives, she just accepted it, feeling included and accepted.

Chapter 9

The next night, three startled eyes looked up from their picnic, worriedly watching Dharr as he approached their blanket. "Good evening," he said, looking down on the little party. "What are you eating tonight?" Dharr asked, bending down to take the only available space on the blanket. Victoria tried to move out of his way, but his hands stopped her, keeping her right where she was, which was almost touching him along his leg.

Arina spoke up, seriously telling him about hot dogs and potato salad. It was their first experience tasting the American delicacy and they were excited about the prospect. "Hmm...I had that once,' he said, looking into Victoria's eyes, his own on fire with the memory. He dipped a fork into the bowl and nodded his head. "Yep, no celery," he confirmed.

"How did you..." Victoria started, only to stop when he winked at her.

"I remember, Victoria," he said softly, grinning at her in a teasing fashion. "I remember a lot of things."

Victoria stopped staring at him, forcing her eyes to look away.

Throughout the whole meal, Dharr's hand "accidentally" touched Victoria in one way or another. And each time, she felt the same electric current zip through her system. By the time the meal was over, she was breathing heavily and she could barely control the need to throw herself into Dharr's arms and beg him to make love to her. She wanted him. Desperately.

No matter how much she told herself that he was a bastard who had killed all the soft, tender feelings she'd had for him five years ago, there was still the sexual chemistry between them. It had always been intense, at least on her part. She'd known he could control his feelings for her but she'd been too new at the sexual games to understand what was happening to her.

And now, even after all these years and all the frank, open talk from others, she still was new to the game. And he was an expert. No matter how much she tried to put herself out of his touching reach that afternoon, he found a way to brush her arm or knee. He never looked at her, but each time it happened, her eyes snapped to his face, trying to determine if it was intentional or not. It seemed innocent enough, but she suspected otherwise.

Victoria almost yelled out a protest when one of the palace servants arrived to get the children ready for bed. She didn't want to be alone with Dharr. It wasn't just the chemistry now. Being around him with the children, her heart had melted, seeing his tender care and understanding to the two small human beings that were aching inside for love and security and he just naturally gave it to them. The depths of his personality struck her hard and she wished she hadn't seen this side of him. It only made the wanting harder.

When they were alone, Victoria reached down to start cleaning up the picnic. "Leave it," Dharr ordered.

Victoria ignored his command and continued to clean up the food, storing it in the picnic basket.

Dharr grabbed her arm and swung her around. "Are you deliberately trying to rile my temper?" he asked, but she could see the amusement in his eyes as he held her wrists gently in his hands.

"No. But I don't believe in forcing someone to clean up after me. I can clean my own messes," she said and tried to pull her wrists out of his grip. But it was useless.

"You really don't remember anything I taught you all those years ago, do you?"

"What?" she challenged, wishing she could control her heartbeat which was accelerating as he pulled her closer. "That I should ignore common decency and become a selfish bastard like you?"

Dharr didn't rise to the bait but only chuckled at her anger. "First of all, I'm afraid I'll have to take away that one epithet from you, my dear. I can give ample evidence of my legitimacy. Don't despair though. I'm sure there are many other obscenities you can toss at me each time you reach the depths of frustration." He chuckled as her eyes flared at him. He could see the wheels spinning in her mind as she tried to come up with another name to fling at him. "Second, there were many things I taught you. If you're saying you've forgotten, then perhaps I could refresh your memory," he said.

"No!" she tried to step away from him but he held her firmly but gently, not giving her and inch of space.

He looked down into her desire filled eyes, knowing that the sexual frustration was tearing her up inside just as it was doing to him. "Ah, Victoria, you're mouth says no, but your body is saying yes, isn't it?"

"No," she claimed and tried again to pull out of his embrace.

"Which is louder?" he asked, pulling her relentlessly closer to him, so close that she could feel his breath on her cheek, feel the beating of his heart under her hands as she tried to push herself away from him. But it was no use. He was stronger and, although he wasn't hurting her, she couldn't break away. And her body was already betraying her, sinking in to lean against his hard, male strength, loving the way he felt against her softness and desire pooling in her stomach, then lower.

"Please don't do this," she gasped when his hand released her wrist and moved down to her waist, one hand slipping under her shirt to touch the heated, overly sensitized skin underneath.

"Why not?" he asked, his mouth bending to kiss her neck, finding the perfect spot that almost made her knees give out on her.

"Because we don't like each other," she said, her voice barely a whisper as he moved his mouth sensuously against her neck and shoulders.

"I like you a lot, Victoria."

"No you don't. You think...." She couldn't finish the sentence and her eyes fluttered shut at the memory.

"I'm not thinking now," he said softly. "Except about how to please you. How to touch you to give you the most pleasure. What would you like me to do? Where should I touch you?"

Victoria couldn't respond verbally but when his thumb found her nipple and moved gently across, she gasped, her hands gripping his shoulders as she was unable to stand any longer.

She heard him laugh softly but couldn't respond. Dharr didn't wait. He lifted her in his arms and carried her down the hallway to her suite. Victoria had a small moment of sanity but by that time, he was already lowering her feet to the floor beside her bed and when she opened her mouth to protest, his own covered hers, ripping away anything she might have said in a maelstrom of feeling and desire.

Victoria whimpered as her shirt came over her head, leaving her with only her bra to cover her breasts. But she didn't have time to become self-conscious as Dharr's hands covered where the fabric had been only moments before, massaging the heated, overly sensitive flesh that was swelling to fit into his hands. Her nipples were already hard and pointing so when his hand covered them, his thumb flicking over each one, she cried out with the pleasure that coursed through her system.

"Dharr!" she gasped. He lowered her body to the bed, but stood up to discard his own shirt.

Victoria was thrilled, never having seen him without his shirt on before. She'd seen other men, of course. Scott on a daily basis at times. But no man she'd ever seen could compare to the muscular beauty of Dharr's chest. The hair was sparing across the top, then headed to a narrow point that disappeared into his pants.

With infinite tenderness, Dharr reached down and pulled her jeans off her legs, his eyes lighting with fire when he saw her long, slender legs revealed to him. She laid there in just her cotton bra and underwear, wishing she had something sexy on instead. But Dharr came down on top of her, his mouth moving to hers again and all her insecurities disappeared with the touch of his tongue against hers.

Victoria's hands reached out, curious and free at last to touch the man who had so fascinated her that she'd never been interested in anyone else. The muscles bunched under her fingers wherever she touched and she ran her fingers along his arms, his chest, into his hair and then back down to test the crisp hair on his chest, her fingers tangling in it and then moving lower, following the interesting line that disappeared.

She heard Dharr suck in his breath when she stopped at his belt. He suddenly stood up and ripped his belt loose, his pants flying behind him before he came back to the bed, completely naked. Without a word, he pulled her hand down to where it had stopped before. "Please continue," he said and his voice was hoarse.

Victoria was only too pleased to comply and her hand moved along his flat stomach, impressed with the ridges of muscles along the way. But her hand stopped suddenly. She couldn't go any lower. Her eyes couldn't even look to where his erection stood, hard and proud, waiting for her touch. She glanced up at him, worried that she'd been too brazen. But his eyes were closed, his teeth clenched in anticipation.

"Don't stop, Victoria," he rasped. "Don't tease me like this."

With those words, her hand moved lower, her fingers touching the tip tentatively, worried that she might hurt him. When she touched him, he let out a hiss of air and Victoria pulled her hand back instantly. Only to have his own hand reach out and pull hers back, wrapping her fingers around him firmly. When her fingers moved, Dharr groaned and leaned forward, taking her nipple into his mouth yet again, sucking hard, moving the plain, white cotton away and teasing her nipple more.

With each nip or suckle, Victoria's fingers clenched harder or relaxed, depending on what he was doing to her. She forgot what she was doing, lost in the desire he was pushing her into. She didn't realize that her fingers were driving him to distraction and he was losing his much prized control, the control that had been drilled into him from the moment he'd had his first woman at the age of twelve. Here, with Victoria's clumsy hands touching him, clenching at his flesh, he was no longer the experienced lover he'd prided himself on being. He felt new and raw, overwhelmed with the desire to sink his aching flesh into her and pound until he found his release.

Pulling her hand away, he grabbed both of her hands and lifted them over her head, determined to make her pay for wanting her so desperately. She thought she was in control! Well he would turn the tables. No, he would control this experience and would show her that he was the ultimate lover. He would make her forget all the other men she'd had in the past and he'd teach her what she'd thrown away so callously.

With her hands in one of his, he flicked the front clasp of her bra, releasing her perfect, beautiful breasts from the plain cotton. His indrawn breath showed him that she was still in control and he hated that feeling. Lowering his head, he took her nipple in his mouth, moving his lips gently over the rosy peak, then sucking again, blowing his breath against her puckered skin, then starting over. When she started writhing beneath him, he moved to the other perfect mound, doing the same, smiling when she cried out and tried to pull her hands from his grasp. But he wouldn't relent. Not yet.

He moved down her body, kissing her stomach, his tongue delving into her belly button and glorying in the cries that came from the simple movement. But he wanted more. His hand moved between her thighs, first on the outside, then moving up the inside and he thrilled that she opened to him. He could smell her arousal and it made him hurt even more. But he wasn't finished. Not yet.

One hand moved to her core, flicking her nubbin and watching the flush steal across her breasts. He remembered how quickly she had found release the last time and almost gave in with the need to enter her, but he held back, wanting to show her again how good it could be. His finger slipped inside her wet folds and he had to close his eyes to concentrate once he felt how wet she was, how ready for him.

"What do you want, Victoria," he asked and his voice was rough, demanding. "Tell me. Does this feel good?" he asked.

"Yes," she gasped. "Please," she whimpered, still pulling at her hands that were in his grasp but settled on her stomach now.

"Not yet," he said. Dharr needed more. He didn't just want to feel, he wanted to watch, to taste it when she had her first orgasm tonight. It had happened too fast the last time. This time, he'd take her slowly into the pleasure. His tongue flicked over her folds and his hands released her wrists. He moved between her legs, loving the feeling of her hands in his hair, pulling and pushing at the same time.

And just like the last time, her orgasm was upon her before he could slow it down. Dharr watched, more aroused than he'd ever been in his life as he watched and tasted her orgasm. When her cries died down, he moved up her body, kissing her stomach, moving upwards to caress her breasts with his hands, his thumbs, his mouth and tongue. There was no peace for her, he thought, winding her up for the next level. And when her eyes opened in surprise, he laughed. "Yes, Victoria. We've only just begun," he said, pulling on a condom, and held her hands over her head again as his body slid up against hers, his erection finding her softness and pressing inside.

He looked at her eyes, widening in shock and then in pleasure as he slid in deeper, filling her up. There was a small restriction and Dharr looked down at her, his throat constricting as he understood what it was. But by then it was too late. He broke through her barrier, noting the small twinge in her eyes and stiffening of her body before she relaxed again. Her legs moved up and wrapped around his waist and her hands pulled free of his, resting on his shoulders as he buried himself to the hilt.

Victoria was a virgin? It was madness surely. Impossible! But the evidence was incontrovertible. And now he was fully inside her, the only man to ever be in this position with this incredible beauty. The responsibility he felt at that moment was awesome. It had to be perfect. Dharr started moving, slowly, sweat breaking out on his forehead as he moved, requiring only to give her the most incredible experience of her life. He ignored his body's own need for release and simply moved to help her.

Just as it had moments ago, her body responded, and within moments, her second orgasm was consuming her. He felt her muscles tighten a moment before she screamed out, her nails biting into his skin on the shoulders and back. He held back for only another moment, his pleasure increasing as he watched her mouth open and her body arch as the orgasm carried her off. And then he could hold back no more. He pounded into her silken flesh, finding his release a few minutes later. It was as if all the tension of his life drained out as his body poured itself into hers. It was the longest orgasm he'd ever experienced and he held Victoria close.

When it was all over, he rolled onto his back, taking her with him, still intimately connected. His hands dove into her hair and he stared up at the ceiling, his breathing still ragged as he considered all the ramifications of the past few minutes.

"Dharr?" Victoria asked, her head resting against his chest and her hand laying against his rapidly beating heart. "Is it always...." She couldn't find the words to describe what had just happened.

"No," he replied harshly. Just thinking about her response had him growing hard again. Her head came up and he rolled back over. "No. It isn't like this normally," he grated out.

A moment later, the whirlwind started again. This time, it was more intense, and Victoria pushed her head back and forth against the sheets, the pleasure almost reaching the painful stage before she tumbled over the edge, once again crying out and holding onto Dharr as the waves of her orgasm crashed over the two of them.

Victoria slept, unable to do anything else since her body was so replete. Dharr's love making was so thorough and complete, she had nothing left in her afterwards.

Dharr watched her, noting the dark circles under her eyes and the perfect rose tinge to her cheeks. She curled up against him, laying her head on his shoulder while her hands wrapped around his arm. It was as if she felt in sleep what he was currently feeling wide awake. He didn't want to lose her.

With complete honesty, he knew that this was the reason he'd come to her for help with his niece and nephew. There were probably hundreds of childhood experts he could have employed but he'd gone back to her. He'd never gotten her out of his mind after all these years. And he'd wanted to finish what he'd started with her, even if it meant he wouldn't be her first. After five years, he had acknowledged that he hadn't cared.

But now, seeing the evidence of her virginity on the sheets, he'd obviously made a huge mistake five years ago. She'd been pure and honest with him and he'd tried to destroy her. He remembered the confused and hurt look in her face when he'd stood up, callously straightening his tie as if he was completely impartial to what had just happened. Walking out of her bedroom that morning had been one of the hardest things he'd ever had to do in his life. And now, seeing her beautiful face relaxed in sleep, a sleep caused by her first experience with sex, he regretted it even more.

Dharr waited until he was sure she was asleep before slipping out of the bed. He left her sleeping, unable to endure the incredible pleasure of her sweet, warm body curled up next to his. He wanted desperately to kiss her awake, to make love to her once again. But he knew he needed to think, to come up with a plan to make it up to her for what he'd done to her before. He also needed to put into motion what he'd started before.

He would never let her go again, he promised. He'd show her all that he could offer her and somehow, he vowed, he'd find a way to keep her in his life forever.

Chapter 10

Victoria woke the following morning to bright sunlight streaming over her face. She stretched languorously, feeling happy and content. Delirious, in fact, she thought as she rolled onto her back and stared up at the ceiling. Then the memories of the night before came streaming back to her and Victoria's face started burning. Looking around, she searched for Dharr, wondering what he was thinking about her behavior from the night before.

Would he think she was wanton? He must, she thought. Since she had been, there was really nothing else the man could think of her. She was embarrassed but knew she'd have to get the first morning contact with him over quickly.

But all she found was a long, slim jewelry case where he should have been. With shaking fingers, Victoria pulled the case closer to her, feeling a cold chill steal into her veins. What could this mean? Why in the world would he leave in the middle of the night? Even the case was a work of art, she thought, running her fingers over the soft, embossed leather. Opening the box, she gasped, seeing the spectacular glittering diamond bracelet inside.

"How could he!" she said to the empty room, slapping the box closed and tossing it to the side as if it were some sort of serpent. The tears formed and immediately fell down her cheeks as his message came through. Well, she'd been wondering what he thought of her and now she knew. Payment for services rendered, she thought, shaking her head in denial.

Last night had been so incredible, so passionate and she'd allowed it! And he'd left her, just as he would an alley prostitute, leaving payment on the bedside.

Oh! Of all the arrogant, offensive evil things he could have done, this was the ultimate slap in the face. At least the last time he'd touched her he'd had the dignity to insult her to her face. He hadn't even given her that much this time. She was obviously unworthy of his time now.

Oh, how she'd lost herself in the moment last night and now, to find this awful message from him. It was worse than the last time. Five years ago, he'd said she was unworthy but she hadn't understood his meaning. Now, he leaves this awful bracelet that was probably worth a fortune but the message was loud and clear.

She jumped out of the bed and showered as quickly as possible, wishing she could just leave and run away. She needed to lick her wounds and hide for a long time. She would just pack up and leave. He'd done it to her the last time. Why shouldn't she give him the same response? If he thought so little of her, then she could give him the same courtesy back.

What a fool she'd been! She'd just fallen into his arms, letting him touch her and kiss her. She felt filthy and as the hot water cascaded over her aching body, she scrubbed her arms and body, trying to rid herself of the memory of his touch. She hated him! She cried through the whole shower, scrubbing herself harder when the memory of how it felt when he'd touched her wouldn't go away.

Pulling out her suitcase, she started throwing things in, not even bothering to fold them. Jeans and tee shirts were piled up, underwear and socks came next and she just lifted them out of her drawer and stuffed them into the suitcase as fast as her arms would permit. She didn't have to be subjected to that kind of humiliation again. It was too much.

But then Arina and Bajan came to mind. What would happen to all the progress she'd made with them if yet another person disappeared on them? They would be devastated. Until she could transfer their feelings from her to Dharr, then she just couldn't leave them.

That realization was devastating to her. She sat down on the bed, her shoulders shaking as the pain seeped into her body once again. She even hated to admit that her feelings for Dharr weren't hatred, but were love. She loved him desperately. And this time, it was a mature love. She admired him for what he'd done with his country and how he treated two, small, orphaned children. She loved the way he made her laugh, even when she wanted to be angry with him.

But this time, she didn't have Scott or Jasmine to help her out. She was on her own. Somehow, she'd have to find the strength inside herself to keep him from crushing her again.

Pulling on a pair of jeans and a regular white tee-shirt, she grabbed the hated box and left her suite. She didn't even care that she didn't have makeup on. She was too angry and too determined to show him that she didn't care what his opinion of her was.

She stopped the first servant she could find and asked about Dharr's whereabouts. If she weren't so angry, she would be amused by the expressions on each palace servant's face. It was as if Dharr's location were a closely guarded secret and only the people who already had appointments were permitted to know where and when he would see them.

Undeterred, Victoria assumed that he would most likely be in his office at this time of the morning, although she wasn't exactly sure what time it was since she'd forgotten to put on her watch. Her tennis shoes were basically silent as she walked along the corridors to his office. She stormed in and stood in front of his personal secretary. This man wasn't the usual one that sat outside, guarding Dharr's office from intruders. She had no idea where the other man was and didn't care right at the moment. She only had one mission in mind and anyone who stood in her way was going to regret it, she told herself.

"I need to speak with Dharr," she said, her voice quivering with her anger and humiliation at the hands of the same man twice in her lifetime.

The man simply stared at Victoria, dumbfounded for a long moment. "His Highness is unavailable at the moment but I'll be happy to make an appointment with you at his earliest convenience.

"No!" she said and hated the fact that tears started to form in her eyes. "Find him now and tell him I want to speak with him immediately."

"I can't do that, madam," the man said stiffly. "It simply isn't done."

Victoria wiped the tears from her eyes angrily and shook her head. "It is done today. Call him! If you don't, I'll just walk right into his office, guards or no guards. And then they'll get in trouble for touching me, it will be a huge mess. So why don't you just tell him I'm out here waiting and we can avoid an ugly confrontation."

Something about the way she was holding herself or perhaps her words sunk in to the man and he responded. He quickly picked up the phone and said something in Arabic. It sounded very apologetic but a moment later, he put the phone down and nodded his head. "His Highness will see you now," the man said, standing up and bowing politely.

Victoria already knew where his office was, having gone there every day to report her progress with the children. So she walked quickly down the hallway and shoved open the doors. She found him, standing behind his desk, arms crossed over his chest and two other men scurrying out of his office, closing the doors behind them.

"This won't take long," she said and slapped the box into the middle of his enormous desk. "Don't you ever do that to me again!" she said, and wiped another tear down her cheek. "I am not something you can...." She struggled to get past the words...."that you can just purchase, like some...." She stopped, tried to gain her composure and failed.

She covered her face in her hands and sobbed, her shoulders shaking with her humiliation. When she felt him touch her shoulders, she snapped back. "Don't touch me!" she said and backed away. "I hate you for that," she said, pointing to the box on his desk. "I'm not a wh...."

"Stop it!" he snapped. "Don't ever say that again," he demanded.

"Don't!" she said and shook her head. "You can't speak to me like that! I hate you!" she whispered, wishing she could yell at him, punch him, hurt him the same way he'd hurt her. But he seemed impervious to anything she said.

"Just leave me alone," she said and ran down the hallway, leaving the doors open in her wake.

She didn't care that she left horrified palace staff members gaping at her. She was probably the only person who had ever spoken to the King of Ashir in that manner but she didn't care what they did to her. If they shipped her off, then at least she'd be rid of that horrible man and the future of the children wouldn't be on her shoulders.

Thinking of Arina and Bajan, she hurried to find them, wanting to be with them and find some solace in their innocence and goodness. She found them in the playroom, giggling and pretending with dolls and dinosaurs. As soon as she entered, they both stood up, then smiled broadly when they realized it was her and not another servant. "Good morning, Victoria," Arina exclaimed, running into Victoria's arms, hugging her tightly. "What are we going to do today?" she asked excitedly.

Bajan was more circumspect with his enthusiasm but he followed, his eyes showing Victoria that he was just as excited about the day as his sister.

Victoria considered her options. She had to get outside, fearing that Dharr would locate her if she stayed in the palace. But why would he bother? Didn't the bracelet say everything he needed to say?

Pushing back her depression, she bent down and sat cross legged on the floor, hugging Bajan who leaned against her, still not able to hug someone himself, as if he considered it a weakness, but needing the physical contact regardless. "How about if we go out and you can both introduce me to your horses? Didn't you mention that they'd been neglected recently?"

Both jumped up and were thrilled with the idea. They took her hands and led her out of the play room. They walked through so many hallways, Victoria was completely lost by the time they entered the bright sunshine. Visiting the stables was the perfect idea, she thought as they both led her toward their favorite animals.

After being introduced to the horses, then feeding them, brushing them and basically learning more about the animals than Victoria ever wanted to know, they discovered a small stall that had no horses in it, but something just as exciting. A litter of kittens had been born about two weeks earlier and were playing in the hay. Victoria and the children huddled around them, enjoying the small creatures and petting their soft fur. They spent the rest of the morning just playing with the kittens and finding food for them, not leaving until all six of them settled down and fell asleep on top of one another.

The three of them trotted happily back to the palace and Victoria decided to take the children to the kitchens for lunch. There was no need for a servant to bring them something when they could just as easily, and more happily, make something for themselves.

The chef was horrified that the Prince and Princess of Ashir would enter his kitchens. Victoria was equally shocked to think of her two small charges in that way. She'd only thought of them as a small girl and boy, but she realized that they really were royalty since they were the children of Dharr's brother, who was also a prince. It was the second time in her life she'd treated someone as just another person, uncaring of their position within the world. But this time, she wasn't going to listen to some ridiculous chef spouting silliness about how it was beneath them to step into the kitchen, much less make their own meal.

Being fed up with arrogance and pompous attitudes, Victoria simply demanded peanut butter and jelly so they could make a sandwich. When she took that attitude, the items were quickly delivered. Victoria, Arina and Bajan made such a mess out of a simple sandwich process, they giggled and made a bigger mess. By the time the sandwiches were finished, each of them had jelly in their hair and peanut butter on their noses and cheeks, not to mention all over their fingers.

Victoria cleaned up the mess, then they took their sandwiches to the portrait studio. Victoria decided to let the children talk about their ancestors and see how their parents fit into the whole history of Ashir. The children were extremely knowledgeable about their history and they sat down underneath their father's picture to eat. They were silent and stared up at him, munching their sandwiches and sipping milk.

Victoria led them back to the playroom where a new teacher had arrived and was excited to meet her new charges. Initially, the children were afraid to be left alone with the teacher so Victoria stayed with them, simply sitting in the back of the classroom. But when the woman, named Ms. Kiri, asked them to come with them to the front of the room and sit down on some pillows to read stories, play with puppets, Victoria soon found herself superfluous. She was also impressed with the teacher and wanted to make herself scarce so the teacher wouldn't feel pressure by being observed.

She stepped out of the school room, only to bump into the one person she had been trying to avoid all day long.

Without saying a word, Dharr grabbed her wrist and walked into the school room. His eyes snapped to the empty desks and turned to face her. "Where are they?" he demanded in a low, angry voice.

"Where are who?" Victoria asked, trying to yank her arm free but her efforts only caused her more pain.

"The children! What have you done with them?"

"What are you accusing me of now?" she asked, stopping her efforts and standing up to him, as much as she could with him towering over her. "The children are sitting up there with their new teacher, entranced by her story and having a wonderful time.

Dharr's surprise showed on his face and he yanked her forward. When he saw the children, completely undisturbed by their argument, he pulled her along behind him. Once they were out in the hallway, he turned her so she was facing him. "Where have you been all day?" he demanded.

Victoria was still hurt and furious about the night before and she wasn't about to take this from him. "I've been out shopping and spending all of Ashir's money. I hope you don't mind," she continued sarcastically. Then the anger rushed back and she couldn't stop herself from asking, "Where do you think I've been?"

He pulled her closer, turning her so she was fully facing him now. "Don't play, Victoria. You were supposed to have gone down to the stables but when I went there to find you, no one knew where you were. You didn't bring the children for lunch in the dining room and were gone for over an hour since the last servant saw either hide nor hair of you. So I'll ask again, where in the hell have you been?"

Victoria remembered how much she hated him. "I hate to disillusion you about how awful a person I am yet again, Your Highness," she said with a sneer, "but your palace spies really aren't very good at their job. I'd recommend either a refresher course or a whole new entourage of spies if these can't do the job." She was about to shut her mouth but the furious look in his eyes and the muscle twitching on his jaw told her she might have gone too far. "We went to the stables and played with the kittens. You probably didn't see us because you're nose is too high in the air or maybe because you're mind is relentlessly in the gutter. And then," she went on when she saw that he was going to say something, "we went to the kitchen and made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ourselves. After that, we went to the portrait gallery and looked at the picture of your brother. The kids were silent but wouldn't take their eyes off of him." She ended with a lowered tone and the shock inside Dharr loosened his hold so she was able to pull free easily.

"What awful things were you thinking of this time?" she asked, rubbing her wrists and glaring up at his surprised, black eyes.

He shoved his hands into his pockets, his shoulders losing some of his anger. "I thought you'd left me."

Dharr's words snapped her eyes back to his but she couldn't see what was going on inside his head. Did his comment mean he would have been disappointed if she'd left?

No! She had gotten her hopes up that he might feel something sincere for her twice and both times, she'd been burned, badly. She wouldn't go down that path again. It hurt too much when her hopes were dashed cruelly under his unfeeling manners.

"I won't leave until the children transfer their trust to you," she said and walked away.

Victoria headed back to her room and noticed that her clothes were all put away as was her suitcase. Her bed was made as well and all evidence of the previous night was gone. Victoria sat down on her bed and put her head in her hands. Dharr didn't trust her. She hated him. She had to avoid him at all costs and still get out of here with her heart and her pride intact. But how was she going to do that?

Sighing, she knew the answer. Avoid him at all costs.

Moving out of her suite, she wandered the halls, asking a servant to convey the message that she would be absent for dinner tonight. The servant asked if a meal should be brought to her suite but she shook her head, smiling and thanking her but moving off in a direction of the palace she'd never seen before.

An hour later, Victoria found a wonderful area. It was a music room. Or more appropriately, a dance room. There was a seventies style dance floor complete with lights under a clear Plexiglas floor, a disco ball and a huge variety of songs.

She fiddled with the stereo system and was impressed when the sound came from several different speakers. The lights came on with another flick of some buttons and suddenly, Victoria was standing in the middle of a dance floor with soft jazz coming through speakers from all different sides of the room. Stepping into the middle, she closed her eyes and swayed to the beat, letting all her tension from the previous night and all the hurt from this morning melt away. Each time a thought of Dharr came into her mind, she pushed it away and forced her mind to think about something else.

But the very effort to push his thoughts away kept them coming. Eventually, she knew she could no longer ignore the way he'd made her feel last night. If only the morning hadn't come so soon. If only she could have slept in his arms and woken up to feel his body under her head, to hear his heartbeat in her ear. She knew that was the way she'd fallen asleep. What had gone wrong?

She shuddered at the memory of his kiss, of his touch. Despite her anger, her body wanted to feel him again, right now. She swung around and continued dancing, hoping she could hide in this room forever. Or at least until late at night when she could sneak back to her room. She didn't dare go back to her own room. Dharr was furious enough with her to seek her out. And what insults would he throw her way this time? She didn't want to find out. She needed to protect her heart and her pride. And she needed to find a way to fall out of love with the man.

She was swaying and singing, feeling the beat through her bones as the bass thumped out the beat. Her eyes were closed but she could see the lights from the ceiling through her eyelids and she just gloried in the feel of the music and being alone.

Suddenly, she felt strong arms encircle her waist. She tensed instantly, even though she knew it wasn't a stranger. It was Dharr. She'd know his scent anywhere. His arms were tender as they reached around, his head bending down to kiss her neck, her ear. Victoria wanted to pull away but his mouth made her knees give out and she found herself leaning against him, her back touching his chest, her head falling back to lay against his hard shoulder, giving him greater access to her neck. "Dharr," she whispered.

"What are you doing in here?" he asked, his voice husky as his hands slipped along her stomach, resting just under her breasts.

"Hiding from you." She shivered when his hands moved slightly, her breasts already aching to feel his hands caress them. She could feel them swelling, her nipples hardening in anticipation.

"Why are you hiding from me?" he asked, his hand moving higher and he heard her sigh. The sound filled his senses and cooled his riled temper. He'd been searching for her for over an hour. When he'd heard the music coming from this area of the palace, he felt the tension drain away, to be replaced by the sexual need he felt whenever he was close to her.

"Because I didn't want you to hurt me anymore," she said. But her body couldn't move away from his.

Dharr heard the words and closed his eyes. "I'm sorry. I didn't realize I'd hurt you so much last night. It was never my intention."

Victoria found the strength and swung around. He wouldn't let her move away but at least she was facing him now. "You didn't hurt me last night," she said and felt the tears and anger well up inside. "You hurt me this morning."

Dharr saw the pain and moved his hand up from her waist to her cheek, cradling her face with his. "I'm sorry," he said a moment before his mouth touched hers.

He felt her shudder and knew that it wasn't because of his kiss this time. And he wrapped his arms around her, holding her close as he kissed her to ease her pain, trying to eliminate the hurt he'd caused her by his confused reaction to their night together. When he felt her resistance move away, he showed her in the only way he knew how that he was sorry. He lifted her up and carried her back to his suite, ignoring the music and lights that were still on in the music room.

He didn't stop until he shouldered the door to his bedroom closed behind him. Then he let her legs slip down his body but wouldn't allow her to move away. He stripped off her clothes right there, worshiping her body and kissing her everywhere.

His mouth moved to her breasts, capturing the peak in his mouth, pulling, nuzzling, sucking until she cried out, then he moved to the other, applying the same attention and hearing her surrender. He could smell her arousal and it excited him as nothing else ever had. Reaching down, his hand covered her, moving inside, encouraging her to open for him. His moth moved lower, kissing her stomach before he kneeled in front of her, his tongue moving to cover where his hand had been. It was like ambrosia when he felt her tighten, then her first release was upon her and she melted down, shaking in his arms as he carried her to his bed.

She opened her eyes and saw that he was still dressed and her eyes widened in shock.

"Don't," he said, thinking of the time five years ago when he'd brought her to her first climax and then left her. He quickly pulled off his clothes, then came down beside her. "I want you now," he said, and moved between her legs. He was thrilled when she opened for him again, welcoming him with her legs, her arms and her body as his slid into hers. Dharr closed his eyes, the ecstasy of his entry almost too much for him to control. She was so tight, so slick and hot he wanted to come inside her immediately. But he held back, gaining control of his rampaging desires so he could help her find her release once more.

Within moments, she was crying out, Dharr felt her shivers start and that brought him over the edge as well. He bent down and took her cries in his mouth, kissing her as they crashed together.

As their breathing came back to normal, Dharr pulled her close, holding her against his shoulder as his hands tangled in her hair. "Are you okay?" he asked, wondering what she was thinking. She'd stilled a moment ago and he was worried about what she was thinking about.

"Yes, thank you."

She felt Dharr's chest rumble as he laughed at her response. "I'm glad," he replied. Then he turned serious. Rolling her back, he looked down into her troubled green eyes. "I'm sorry about this morning."

"Thank you."

Dharr rolled his eyes at her polite response. "Victoria, if you don't stop being so polite, I'm going to make love to you just to make sure you're the woman I was holding in my arms a few minutes ago."

Victoria blushed but looked away. "What would you like me to say?" she asked. She was terrified of what he was going to say or do next. The past two sexual encounters with him had left her wounded. She wasn't sure she could survive another blow from him. Not right now anyway. Maybe once she'd recovered from the tender care he'd just shown her, she would be able to handle it. "I just need a little time to find my balance," she finally said, knowing that he was waiting for her to say something else. "You don't really leave much room for anything, do you?"

"I try not to. Would you have it any other way?" he asked.

Victoria inhaled sharply as his hand moved from her waist to her thigh, then back up again. She wiggled in his arms and blushed when he chuckled. "Oh no!" she said and pushed against his shoulders. She knew it was a useless endeavor unless he permitted it. But since he did, she rolled him onto his back, her hair cascading around his face as she looked down at him this time. "You're not going to do that to me again," she said, smiling in excitement.

"Oh, yes, Victoria. I'm going to do it again and again," he countered and since his hands were no longer needed to hold his weight off her, they were free to skim across her back.

"Oh!" she gasped.

"I love the way your body responds to my touch," he growled, running his hands over her shoulders and arms, then back down her back.

"Does yours?" she asked.

"No," he responded but he smiled at the interest in her eyes.

"Are you sure?" she asked, her tongue touching his skin, tasting the salt and enjoying his indrawn breath. "I think it is my turn," she said and bent to touch her mouth to his male nipple, loving the way his hands held her still. But she had too much exploring to do and her head moved around. Her hands felt his muscles, touching him while her mouth continued its exploration. As her mouth moved lower, she could feel his body tense. Feeling powerful and feminine, she moved lower, her mouth hovering over his manhood for a long moment before finally closing over him.

The harsh intake of breath she heard from him excited her and she continued, tentatively exploring and tasting, loving the velvet hardness of him. Long before she was satisfied, he pulled her up, bringing her mouth to his and kissing her while his hands settled her over him, having her straddle his hips. "You want power?"

Victoria could only nod her head, feeling heady and so turned on she could barely think much less talk.

"Then take control," he said. With a hand on each side of her hips, he slid inside her, watching her face as the surprise filtered in.

Victoria moved her hips, then gasped in delight as feelings of intense pleasure seared through her body. "What do I do?" she asked, moving again and loving the way it felt. She continued to move in ways that caused pleasure, closing her eyes and letting the feelings course through her body.

"Anything," he rasped, lifting his hands to touch her breasts, then tangle in her hair, pulling her down to kiss her again. "Anything you want," he said again.

Victoria needed no further encouragement. She moved, letting him slide in and out, enjoying the expression on his face as she did so. After several minutes, he took her hips and controlled the pace, and within minutes, she was shivering, collapsing on top of his chest as her third orgasm ripped through her, leaving her helpless and languorous. She had no idea that he'd also found his release, just knowing that her body couldn't move any more.

"Victoria?" he asked, lifting her hair up so he could see her face.

Victoria just put her hand over his mouth, moving her head so she could see him. "Don't speak," she said.

"Why not?" he asked.

Turning away so he couldn't see her tears, she shook her head. "Because each time we get to this point, you say something or do something nasty and then I'll have to hate you again."

Dharr was absolutely still for a moment. "And if I don't say or do something nasty? How will you feel about me then?"

Victoria started shivering. It was the moment of truth and she wasn't sure if she was up to it. "I don't know. I'm still waiting to start hating you again."

Dharr laughed softly. "Would it help if you knew that I don't want to make you hate me?" he said. Pulling her hair off to one side, he let his fingers feel the softness. "In fact, I don't think I've been able to actually live without you for the past five years," he admitted.

Victoria could feel his heart beat accelerate and turned to look at him. "Why did you leave me like that?" she asked, wishing she could stop the hurt in her voice but it was still too raw, especially after last night. "Why did you say those things to me?"

Dharr sighed and sat up, pulling her with him but not letting her move away. He tucked the pillows behind his back and looked down at her lovely, pain filled eyes. "Because I was jealous."

"Jealous? Of what? Or who?"

"Of Scott. That morning, I arrived in London early. I came to see you and found Scott leaving your dorm room, happily enjoying a sandwich and looking like he'd just fallen out of bed. I naturally assumed it had been yours."

Victoria's mouth dropped open and she looked up into his face. The laughter started slowly but the more she thought about it, the harder she laughed. Dharr obviously didn't appreciate the humor but he didn't pull away. In fact, he only waited until her laughter died away before raising one eyebrow in inquiry. "Would you care to share the joke?" he asked.

Victoria nodded and smiled again, controlling the laughter, but just barely. "Scott's gay."

She watched the emotions cross his face, running the gamut of disbelief to shock to horror. "Gay?" he asked in a strangled voice.

"Gay," she confirmed. "In fact, at the time, he was dating a very nice man named Marcus."

Dharr leaned his head back against the silk covered headboard and closed his eyes. "I'm sorry," he said, pulling her closer. "I'm so sorry," he said again and buried his face in her neck.

Victoria felt all the awful feelings just melt away and she wrapped her arms around his neck, feeling her heart melt with his apology. "But why did you...." She swallowed hard before she could continue, "leave that nasty message this morning?"

"I swear it wasn't what you were thinking," he said, lifting his head and she could see the sincerity in his eyes. "It was a gift to show you how much last night meant to me. I swear it was nothing more than that."

"Oh, Dharr! I'm sorry," she said and pulled him close. "I knew I lo..." she stopped just in time. Just because he didn't think nasty, demeaning things, didn't mean he wanted her love. The words were swallowed quickly and she looked up, trying to decide if she'd goofed again.

His eyes sharpened on her shocked face and he moved closer, determined to find out what she had been about to say. "What were you going to say?" he demanded. "That you love me?" he asked.

Victoria was going to deny it but she could tell that the dictator had come back. She wasn't going to get around it. "Yes," she said sadly, looking up at the ceiling instead of his handsome face. "But I know you don't want that right now." She started to get out of bed, feeling foolish but he pulled her back, swinging her so she was laying flat against the now rumpled sheets, her hair flying out behind her and Dharr towering over her.

"Say it," he demanded.

"Why, so you can laugh at me?" she threw back at him.

His eyes softened and he shook his head gently. "No. So I can tell you how much I love you. How much I need you in my life and how I have suffered for five long years, thinking you were falling in love and marrying another man because I was too stupid to claim you for my own."

With each word, the pain surrounding Victoria's heart melted a little more. "You love me?" she asked, her hands coming to touch his handsome face and her eyes filling up with hope.

"Yes. Now will you say it?" he demanded again.

"I love you!" she cried out, throwing herself into his arms and bringing his face down to hers. "I love you, you arrogant man," she giggled.

"And you're going to marry me and give me lots of children and help me raise Arina and Bajan," he ordered, bending down to kiss her neck.

"Absolutely," she agreed.

Epilogue

Dharr closed the file and nodded in the general direction of the men gathered around the table. "Thank you for your input, gentlemen," he said, effectively ending the meeting. Dharr stood up and walked out. As soon as he passed by his secretary's desk, he raised an eyebrow in question.

"In the kitchen Your Highness," the man said, bowing and closing his eyes although he wished he could look up and see the King's expression. It was almost comical to see his face when he realized his queen was doing something he disapproved of.

Dharr sighed heavily and shook his head. He walked down the now familiar hallway, reaching the kitchen in short time. He stopped in the doorway, watching the scene in front of him. The chefs were off to one side, busily preparing food for the evening meal. But in one corner, in an area specially created for small beings to cook with low tables and smaller measuring cups, tiny refrigerators and safety blenders, sat his brother's children as well as his two year old son. The three of them were staring into a bowl surrounded by a table covered in flour and something he suspected was chocolate but he could never be sure.

Then his eyes moved higher to watch his beautiful, hugely pregnant wife waddle out of the storeroom. She was due to deliver their daughter any day now but still she somehow got her body down to the level of the small table. "Here you go," she was saying. Victoria handed the milk to Bajan since it was obviously his turn to put the ingredient into the bowl.

"Daddy!" his son David said and got up out of his chair to throw himself into his father's arms. Bajan was next and then Arina who pushed her body between the more aggressive boys to reach Dharr. He hugged all of them, then let them lead him over to their cooking table.

"What are you making today?" he asked.

"We're learning about fractions," Bajan said importantly.

"Ah, fractions, eh?" he said and dipped his finger into the cookie dough. It was pretty good. "I wish I could have learned about fractions like this," he said.

"You're deprived," Victoria said, rolling her eyes.

"No, I'm in love," he replied and pulled her into his arms effortlessly, despite her extra pounds.

"So am I," she replied, willingly moving into his arms and kissing him back.

