Chapter 1

"Dad, I just don't think..." Rachel Stuart started to say.

Her father gently interrupted her before she could come up with an excuse. "Don't say you don't have the time. I guarantee you won't regret this."

Rachel bit her lip, wondering how she could say no to her father. She knew he was lonely, but...

"He's not here, honey." John Stuart said the words softly, but her heart ached that her father knew.

She closed her eyes and took a deep, cleansing breath as the pain of her last visit to the farm swept through her. She slowly let the air out of her lungs and straightened her shoulders, not willing to reveal too much even to her father. "I don't care if he's there or not Dad. This has nothing to..."

"Rach', don't even try it." He softly interrupted her comment, knowing where this conversation would go if he allowed it. "Your old Dad knows what's going on and I feel for you. Rais isn't scheduled to arrive until late tomorrow afternoon. So if you don't come out tonight, then you're not going to be able to see these beauties for another month and I know you're gonna love these guys."

'Beauties'? Did that mean that new horses had arrived on the farm? He knew he'd piqued her interest with that comment and she hesitated only briefly because if there was one thing in this world she loved besides her father it was horses. And she was relieved that the man in question wasn't scheduled to arrive until the following day. "What is it?" she asked, trying to hide her curiosity but failing because whatever her father was calling about had to be big.

His relieved laughter flowed through the phone lines, knowing that he'd gotten her with those words. If there was one thing Rachel hated it was to not know a secret. He tormented her with Christmas and birthday presents, and any surprises he could think of throughout the year just to tease her. "Come out for dinner tonight and you'll see." He waited a moment before he said, "I'll make you macaroni and cheese," he said with a hopeful tone.

He'd hit her weak point, damn him. She closed her eyes, her hand gripping her cell phone as if she could find strength. "With the gorgonzola cheese?" she whispered.

"You bet," he laughed again, knowing that she was caught now. "I'll see you at six o'clock. Don't be late or I start eating it myself."

She groaned and shook her head. "Fine. I'll be there." He knew exactly how to lure her home for a visit. His macaroni and cheese was the best with gorgonzola cheese and chives. The man didn't stop there. He added secret ingredients he wouldn't even give her a hint about so that she couldn't figure out how to make it herself. She'd tried, just so she didn't have to risk running into the man in question, but she hadn't come close and he was using that as her compensation for the risk involved in coming home.

After disconnecting, she stared at her computer screen, her eyes not really seeing anything. Her father knew, she thought with resignation and more than a little embarrassment. He wasn't a stupid man, so it was ridiculous of her to think that he hadn't noticed her reaction to the man over the years. But it would have been nice if it had just been her secret.

With resignation and embarrassment, she accepted that there were just some things a daughter couldn't hide from her dad.

Three hours later, she shut down her laptop and packed up her office, forcing a smile as she walked out of the building so her co-workers didn't know she felt like she was facing a death squad. She usually timed these things better but she'd already committed to the visit. Coming out tonight was cutting things a bit closer than she preferred.

It took her two hours with heavy traffic because she worked in downtown Washington, D.C. and her father lived out west of the city. It felt as if everyone and their brother were heading out west along Interstate 66 so there were long periods when she was crawling in traffic, and those were the good moments. There were other times when she just sat there, the autumn sunshine beating through her window while traffic came to a standstill. This was why she used public transportation, she thought with frustration as she pulled her jacket off during one of the many sitting spells. Unfortunately, there wasn't any way to get all the way out to the farm on public transit so she had to drive herself, inching along in rush hour traffic.

When she finally pulled up behind the stables, she was hot, miserable, irritated and painfully hungry.

She walked into her father's cottage and dumped her overnight bag by the door, already feeling better once she smelled the macaroni and cheese scent wafting through his small home. "Dad? I'm home!" she called out. "Can you tell me what the surprise is that couldn't wait another month?"

Her father stepped out of the kitchen, tossing a dishtowel over his shoulder. The look in his eyes told her something was very wrong. "Glad you're here!" he said, a little too loudly, his eyes darting from her to the kitchen, then back again worriedly. "Dinner is almost ready. Why don't you go change and I'll get everything ready."

Rachel watched her dad carefully, noting the odd look in his eyes. "Didn't you mention that you made macaroni and cheese for dinner? I can already smell it so there's no need to change. I can just dig in."

He hesitated, glancing behind him and Rachel peered into the kitchen, wondering what he was trying to see.

When the tall man emerged from the tiny kitchen, he took her breath away and her body immediately reacted to those dark, penetrating eyes. He was taller, his shoulders broader and his eyes darker, more dangerous. Everything about him was just....more. She gasped at the sight of him, her eyes taking in the overwhelming presence of the man she'd been avoiding for the past six years. And she'd been doing a damn good job if that until tonight.

Her father shuffled around for a moment before he said, "I'll just go check on dinner." And he disappeared into the kitchen, leaving her alone to face her demons.

"Rais!" she breathed, her heart instantly racing, her knees starting to feel weak and wobbly. She couldn't believe that he was actually here, in her father's small cottage. It had never felt this tiny before but Rais was so large, he actually had to duck between the kitchen doorway leading to the den area so he didn't bump his head. And shockingly, he had to angle his shoulders to get through the doorway? Ridiculous, she thought, trying to pull her eyes away from him.

It was difficult, but she finally did it. Unfortunately, her eyes only moved away from his penetrating eyes. Traveling down his body was just as bad. His broad, muscular shoulders tapered to slim hips and long legs that she knew were covered with bulging muscles, just like the rest of him. The man was the epitome of masculinity topped off with an aura of confidence that many, many women found fascinating and alluring.

She was not immune to his magnetism either, which was why she'd tried so hard to avoid visiting her father while he was in residence.

She knew that Rais' father passed away several years ago, so he was now Sheik Rais Sayyid Tarif Zaman, Sheik of Dunari, she thought in a ridiculous train of thought that left her speechless. She couldn't even tell him to get out since, technically, this was his cottage, his farm and all of the horses out in the stables were his. He owned the farm here in Virginia so if he wanted to come to his house earlier than anticipated, he could do whatever he pleased.

"It's been a long time," Rais finally broke the silence.

His deep, husky voice broke through her crazy thoughts, jilting her mind into overdrive. "Yes. I guess it has been a few years."

He raised an eyebrow, smiling slightly as he said, "More like six years, I believe." He leaned against the wall and slid his hands into the pockets of his immaculately tailored slacks, those dark, dangerous eyes never leaving her face. "One might almost imagine that you have been avoiding me."

Rachel flushed and looked down at her feet. "That would be silly," she said, hoping he couldn't see her cheeks flame up in color with the dimmer light in the cottage's den area. "How have you been?" she asked, suddenly overcome with the need to straighten the magazines that were scattered all over the coffee table and pick up the newspapers that had been carelessly left on the floor. She was nervous and wished she could just slip out the door and fade back into the darkness of the autumn evening.

He smiled slightly, crossing his arms over that massive chest of his while he watched her nervously straighten up the room. "I've been fine. Why haven't you been around?"

She picked up and refolded the blanket that she'd bought for her dad because he fell asleep on the couch so often. "I've been pretty busy."

"Too busy to swing by once in a while to say hello to an old friend?"

She stopped and froze, wondering how to respond. She looked up at him, then away once again, too nervous to hold that contact with his too-knowing gaze. "Well, I know it's not very far but, well, you know how traffic is around here. It's hard to get out this way. And I don't have...well, I can't really take time off very often."

He moved closer, putting a hand on her shoulder to stop her frantic movements. "You're nervous. Why?"

She actually jumped and took a step backwards. "I'm not nervous," she countered but couldn't look him in the eye. She took a deep breath to try and steady herself. When she felt like she had a bit more control, she said, "Why are you here?" She looked at his firm chin or his broad shoulders, the middle of his fabulously muscular chest...anywhere but into his eyes.

He put his hands back in his slacks and looked down at her. Rais couldn't believe the beauty she'd grown into. He'd suspected she would be like this as he'd watched her grow up and knew that she would be beautiful. But the woman standing in front of him was stunning. She had a cool sophistication that was startling with a sensuality that was soft and seductive instead of being blatant. Her long, black hair looked like a silk wave as it cascaded down her shoulders and her pretty blue eyes revealed so much, but also hid everything he wanted to know. "Why have you been avoiding me?" he countered in a low voice so her father wouldn't hear them in the kitchen.

He'd wanted her for so long, he couldn't remember a time when he hadn't ached to hold her in his arms. Ever since she'd turned sixteen, his feelings for Rachel had changed from brotherly affection and interest to something much stronger, significantly deeper. And the older she got, the more intense that feeling had become. Suddenly, six years ago she'd simply stopped coming out to his farm to visit her father, his lead trainer, and he'd missed her almost painfully. There had been times when he'd been furious that she wasn't here for him so he could o feast on her glorious beauty or just revel in her laughter and smile. Then there were other times when he was relieved that he wouldn't have to find another woman to ease the ache she always left in him after he saw her or spoke with her because she was too young.

But she was older now. She wasn't a teenager with soulful eyes that laughed at his dry humor or teased him about his arrogance. She wouldn't be racing ahead of him on her horse, her long, slender legs holding onto her horse and her bottom bouncing on her saddle, giving his mind images that were inappropriate and leaving him hard and aching.

Every year she'd grown more beautiful and more interesting. Each visit had left him with an ache, a desire to be with her more often which he'd had to fight with every fiber in his being. When she'd turned eighteen, it had been the hardest because she'd continued to grow into that figure that had him dreaming about holding her in his arms. He couldn't count the number of times he'd woken up in a sweat because he wanted her so desperately.

As he looked down into those blue eyes, he reveled in the fact that she was now old enough for his pursuit. And he would have her. She might resist at first, but it would be just out of habit. He would show her that he wanted more from her and they could explore this attraction he knew they both shared.

Yes, Rachel would be in his bed and they could expand the friendship they used to have so that it was more, deeper.

He stepped closer, his nose filling up with her soft, feminine scent. "I'd like..."

"Dinner is ready," her father called out from the kitchen, interrupting whatever it was that Rais was about to say.

Rachel blinked, looking around as if she'd forgotten where they were. He'd been about to touch her, his hand reaching out, his fingers so close to her cheek that she'd almost felt his fingers against her skin even now. She took a deep breath and stepped around Rais, moving on unsteady feet towards the kitchen. "Well...thank you for stopping by..."

"You're father invited me for dinner," he interrupted, amused that she was trying to get rid of him. Interesting, he thought to himself. She was nervous, he realized. Nervous about being near him. He'd been around women enough to know that her trembling meant she was just as interested in him. That and the way she'd looked into his eyes, the soft blush that had bloomed on her cheeks when she'd first seen him.

His grown up Rachel was showing all the signs and he had a hard time hiding the reaction his body was having to her attraction for him. He wanted to take her into his arms and kiss her, feel her against him and show her that everything would be okay, that she didn't need to be nervous around him. But her father's interruption slowed him down, gave him time to step back and enjoy this delicious tension between the two of them.

"He invited you for dinner?" she asked. She looked over at her father, wondering why he would do something like that. If he knew how she felt, why had he cornered her like this?

But how could he have avoided issuing the initiation? If Rais had shown up unexpectedly, Rachel knew there was no way her father could avoid inviting Rais in for a meal. It wasn't just that Rais was her father's employer. They were friends who respected each other. Rachel knew that they often dined together when she wasn't here, talking about the horses and the farm, not to mention playing chess together often when Rais wasn't entertaining the elite of Washington and Virginia society at the main house.

She sat down at the table, taking her napkin and placing it over her lap. Her mind just couldn't wrap itself around the fact that her father, the man who knew how she felt about Rais, had even conspired with her to avoid him so assiduously for the past six years, had violated her trust like this and invited the enemy to dinner.

Rais and John discussed the various horses in the stables over dinner while Rachel pushed the food around on her plate, too nervous to actually eat anything. The tiny table barely had enough room for two people so adding a third person, and especially one as large as Rais, made the confines beyond cozy. She kept shifting her legs, trying to avoid touching his, but he would just move his legs right back so that they were touching again. It was frustrating and her stomach clenched each time she felt his leg or his thigh against hers. She pretended like it didn't matter, but by the end of the meal, she was jumpy and irritated with herself for letting things get like this.

"You two go on out to the family room and I'll clean up," her father said, picking up the plates and heading towards the sink.

"No way," she said adamantly. "Dad, you cooked dinner so I'll clean up. It's obvious that you and Rais have lots to talk about so I'll do the dishes," she countered, starting to take the dishes out of his hands but he just pulled them out of her reach and shook his head.

He couldn't look at her as cleared the table, chuckling softly at her feeble attempt. "We've been talking all through dinner. You two go out there and catch up and I'll just finish the dishes in here."

Again? Why was her father doing this to her? "I'd better be heading back to town," she said instead.

"But you haven't even seen the beauties," her father countered, looking over his shoulder at her with a worried expression. "Besides, I thought you were staying overnight. Didn't you bring your bag with a change of clothes? If not, you know there are plenty of clothes still here for you. Rais, how about if you take her out to the stables see them? They're yours anyway." He turned back to Rachel with a huge grin on his face. "You're going to love these guys, Rachel. I've never seen anything quite like them in my life, and that's saying a lot."

Rachel knew he was discussing some new horses Rais had recently purchased, but the very last thing she wanted to do was go out to the stables in the dark with Rais. "That's okay..."

"Nonsense," Rais argued, stepping in quickly as he suspected she was too nervous to be alone with him. "Go change clothes. You can't go into the stables like that."

Rachel felt like her whole body was on fire when his eyes traveled down her figure, looking at the lavender straight skirt and cotton shirt she'd donned this morning. She was even wearing matching lavender shoes which had felt so special earlier in the day, but now she just felt dumpy knowing that the women he normally associated with could afford much better, more expensive clothes. Outfits that didn't droop by the end of the day as this one was doing.

Rachel bit her lip in indecision. She wanted to see what were obviously new horses, but she didn't want to be alone with Rais. She'd seen him in action too many times over the years, spying on him from the loft in the stables or from the rose garden, from an empty stall or in various places where she could see him with his lady loves. She'd always admired the way he would move in closer, stealing a kiss that would eventually lead to more with his expert seduction. Sometimes much more.

"I..." she was stumped. "It can wait."

He moved in closer, unwilling to give her a reprieve. "Are you afraid to be alone with me?" he asked gently, forcing her eyes to look into his and reading that fear, that anticipation.

She couldn't speak for a long moment, too stunned to hear him ask such a blatant question. She sputtered, trying to jump start her brain and give him a firm set down, or just a flip response. Unfortunately, nothing came to mind and her only defense was to step around him and shake her head in denial. "Rais, I'm really tired. I think I'll pass tonight."

He wouldn't take no for an answer. "If you won't change clothes, you'll just have to go out like that," he said, ignoring her comment about passing on the sights and taking her hand in his, dragging her out into the darkness and closing the door behind them.

As the night air closed around them, he slowed down and pulled her closer, tucking her arm into his. "See? This isn't so bad," he said and smiled down into her nervous eyes.

Rachel tried to pull her hand off of his arm, but he held it in place and kept on walking. "You look beautiful in that color, by the way," he commented.

Rachel tried to ignore the coziness of the atmosphere, the intimacy of the darkness which made everything else fade into the background. "Thank you," she said, clearing her throat and pretending to look around. "What are you going to show me?"

"Some new horses I think you'll like."

Rachel loved horses, loved riding and just being around the strong, gentle creatures. "Why are they so special?" she asked, becoming interested despite her nervousness and irritation with his commanding attitude.

He opened the heavy door to the stables and they were immediately enveloped into the warmer, more humid air that kept the horses comfortable during the colder autumn and winter months. "You'll see," he said with a mysterious smile.

He led her down to the third stall and opened the top gate. "What do you think?" he asked and stepped back, letting her peer inside.

Rachel looked at his handsome face filled with excitement and had to smile herself. He looked a little bit like a small boy on Christmas morning, eager to see what kinds of presents he'd received under the tree. She took a step closer and looked inside the stable and the sight she saw made her gasp with awe. Staring back at her were two of the most beautiful Thoroughbred horses she'd ever seen in her life. One was pure white and the other pure black, both of them just standing in the middle of the large stall, sniffing the air in order to determine if the new scent was friend or foe.

When she stuck out her hand, wanting to touch the newest beauties, they rebuffed her initially, too proud to come close. "Here," Rais said and handed her some sugar cubes. "They both have a horrible sweet tooth."

She took the sugar cubes, pretending that she didn't shiver when their hands touched, then turned back to the beauties. "I thought a white Thoroughbred was rare."

"They are. But this one came on sale just a few months ago. There was a bidding war for him but I was determined."

As the horses approached, sniffing in her hand to see what she had for them, Rachel couldn't stop her eyes from rolling at his comment. "Of course you won. Don't you always?"

"I prefer to win. Don't you?" He leaned against the stall, watching her as she smiled at the horses as they nuzzled her palm licking up the last of the sugar crystals.

"Oh, I would love to win all the time. But that doesn't happen."

"What have you lost recently?" she asked, not believing he'd ever lost at anything in his life.

His smile grew slightly and he shrugged one shoulder. "Nothing recently."

She raised one eyebrow at him as she said, "Have you ever lost something?"

He laughed softly and moved closer, running his hand down the black mare's neck. "Sure I've lost. I don't keep track of those issues though. I move on and figure out how to overcome that challenge." He hesitated for a moment, then said, "Come riding with me tomorrow?"

Immediately she shook her head. "I can't."

"Why not? You used to love to ride. And I used to love watching you ride. I haven't seen you on a horse in years."

She blushed and shook her head again. "I ride," she countered.

"Just not when I'm around. Why is that?"

She shrugged, feeling as if he were closing in on her. "I guess our schedules just haven't been in sync lately."

"Or you've purposely been avoiding me."

She bit her lower lip nervously and took a step backwards. "Why would I do that?" She shook her head. "No, it's really just been a crazy period in my life."

"Then come with me. Show me that you can ride like you used to."

"I can't."

"You can't ride like you used to or you can't ride at all?"

"I can ride!" she gasped, rising to the challenge he was tossing out there at her.

"Good. Then we'll ride tomorrow morning."

She blinked and shook her head slightly. "What? No, I didn't mean that I could...."

"It's settled, Rachel. You can even ride this guy here."

What had just happened? "I didn't agree to ride with you!" she gasped.

He moved in even closer. "Sure you did. I know that you're afraid to be alone with me for some reason. But it will be fine tomorrow. I'll be the perfect gentleman."

She laughed and shook her head. "I've seen you in action, Rais. You're never the perfect gentleman."

He put his hands on her hips as he moved even closer. "Were you spying on me as a kid?" he asked softly, his eyes looking at her lips.

She pressed back against the wall, her breathing ragged and heavy. "No!"

"Then how do you know I wasn't a gentleman?"

"I wasn't spying. I was around doing my chores or my homework and you just happened to be around with your...." She halted, not exactly sure what to call the parade of brunettes that had come through his life.

"Lady friends?" he put in for lack of a better word.

"Yes. Lots of them." She tried to keep the jealously out of her voice, but even she heard the angry tone come out. "And I really don't want to be one of them." She put her hands on his chest and pushed, but he didn't move, not even an inch.

"What if you're not one in a crowd?" he suggested.

"I'm not."

He looked at her beautiful features and had to agree with her. "No. You're definitely not part of the crowd, Rachel."

"Please let me go," she begged, looking to the right so she didn't have to look at him. She was shaking everywhere and his touch was strong and firm, even better than she'd dreamed about. Rachel wanted so much to be kissed by this man, to know what all the other women had experienced. But she wouldn't be able to endure it when he moved on to the next woman. She had enough trouble coming out here to visit her father. If she had memories of his kiss to deal with, those visits would be even worse.

Rais hesitated. She sounded sincere but everything inside him was telling him to move forward, to test those lips and find out if she really was as soft as she looked. His body was already hard and aching, wanting to pull her against him, to make love to this woman so thoroughly that she wouldn't remember any of the men in her past.

"I have to go," she gasped and slipped out of his arms, relieved that he hadn't been holding her very tightly so it was easier. "It was nice seeing you," she lied without looking back in his direction. She didn't want to see him again, she didn't want to know if he was angry with her for leaving him like that. All she wanted to do was get as far away from him as possible.

When she reached her father's cottage, she slammed the door closed and leaned against it, trying to get her breath back after the frantic rush out of the stables.

"Hard run?" her father asked from his favorite cozy chair.

Rachel jumped and opened her eyes, looking around to find her dad. "I thought you'd be asleep by now."

He raised an eyebrow. "At only eight o'clock?" he laughed. "I'm old, but I'm not that old yet, little lady."

She sighed and walked over to the sofa, pretending that nothing was bothering her even though he'd seen her against the door. "So what are you reading tonight?" she asked conversationally.

Her dad laughed softly. "Are you really going to try and pretend like you didn't just come into the house like the demons from hell were chasing you?" He paused as he took in her flushed cheeks and bright eyes.

She looked at him as if he'd just spoken a scary truth that she didn't have the courage to acknowledge. Which was exactly the case. When had her father become so aware of human frailties? He was a genius at guessing when a horse was upset, but she'd always thought he was oblivious when it came to human interactions.

Taking a deep breath, she pasted a smile on her face and pretended to be relaxed, letting her shoulders drop and her stance widen slightly so she didn't look like a terrified rabbit hiding from a wily fox. "The horses were beautiful. How long have they been here?" she asked.

Her father smiled and shook his head, not letting her get away with a subject change. "What happened between you and Rais?" he asked.

She rolled her eyes and straightened up to get herself a cup of herbal tea which she knew her father had probably already prepared for her. Sure enough, sitting on the counter was a cup of peach tea brewing with steam rising from the aromatic liquid. "He just..." she waved her hand in the air, trying to put a description to Rais that wouldn't reveal too much about what had just happened. "Well, he was his normal self."

He paused, one eyebrow raised as he watched his daughter carefully. "He made a pass at you then?"

She coughed from the sip of peach tea she'd just sipped. When she finally had her breath back, she looked up at him and shook her head. "Why would you say that? I'm like his kid sister, you've always said."

He rolled his eyes and dropped the magazine he'd been reading. "Have you taken a look at yourself lately, Rachel?"

That was an odd question coming from her father. She looked back at him curiously as she sat back down on the sofa, pretending to be relaxed when all she wanted to do was hide in her room and try to figure out what had just occurred in the stable between her and Rais. A subject she definitely didn't want to discuss with her father of all people. "Of course. What do you mean?"

"Then you have to know that Rais hasn't looked at you like a sister since you were about sixteen or seventeen years old."

She glanced at her father, surprised by his comment. "Why would you say something like that?" What had she missed over the years? Had Rais said something to her father? What was she missing?

John smiled at his lovely but oblivious daughter. "Rachel, that man has been interested in you for years. The only reason he's waited this long to do anything about it was because initially you were too young. Once you were old enough, I'm pretty sure he would have done something about his interest, but by that time, you were off at college and making darn sure you weren't here when he visited."

With his last comment, she narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously. "Did you trick me into coming here tonight? Knowing that he would be here?"

He was already shaking his head. "You know me better than that. I respect your wishes, honey. But I don't think you're being very fair to him. The two of you used to talk so much I was sometimes jealous of the friendship you had."

That startled her because she loved her father, never wanted to hurt him. And here he was admitting that the times she's spent with Rais in the past had given him pain. "Why didn't you say something?" she asked, worriedly looking across the room at him.

His smile soothed her slightly. "Because he was good for you. You were more outgoing with his encouragement. He would say you might be good at something at school and that was all the encouragement you needed. You went after whatever he'd suggested with gusto and excitement. Sometimes you failed and sometimes you succeeded. But without his words of encouragement, you wouldn't even try anything new. You were such a shy little girl for so long, afraid of your own shadow most times and nothing I said would change the way you looked at yourself."

"That's not true," she said, not sure if she was denying Rais' influence over her choices or how shy she was as a little girl.

He smiled softly at her and shook his head. "Of course it's true. And believe it or not, you probably had the same, surprisingly powerful influence over him. I remember the two of you arguing over poverty one afternoon. I don't even remember what the argument was about specifically but you were pretty firm about what you thought his dad should be doing in Dunari."

She remembered that argument clearly. It had been a hot afternoon and they'd just come back from riding down to the creek and back. She was standing in the stables rubbing down her horse and he was standing next to her, helping at times but mostly just arguing with everything she said. "So? We argued about a lot of things when I was younger," she said, fidgeting in her chair, unable to look him in the eye.

Her dad smirked before he said, "Honey, you argued with Rais about poverty and the next week I read about a huge shipment of school books and pre-packaged meals heading into the desert villages of Dunari. Education levels increased in that country tenfold over the five years following your argument."

Her eyes widened at his announcement and she felt weak, shaky enough that she needed to put her cup of tea on the small, wooden table beside the sofa. "That doesn't mean I had the influence to change his mind." She said that disclaimer softly, as if she were worried about speaking them too loudly.

John groaned. "Why are you so powerfully against the man? You didn't used to be this closed minded."

She sighed and pushed a strand of hair out of her eyes. "I don't like who he is now, Dad. Can't we just leave it at that?"

Her father was silent, thinking things over in his mind. "Why don't you call it a night? You look pretty tired."

She was exhausted and relieved to have a break from this conversation so she smiled and stood up quickly to escape. She washed out her tea cup, grabbed her bag from the floor where she'd dumped it earlier then walked over to her father. "Good night, dad," she said and kissed him on the cheek.

In her tiny room that barely had enough room for a bed and a dresser, she got ready for sleep, then curled up under the warm blankets, ready to just lose herself in slumber so she didn't have to think about what her father had revealed to her tonight.

Unfortunately, no matter how tired she was, she couldn't find the escape of sleep. She kept going over the evening, the almost-kiss with Rais, her father's comments about how Rais might have steered her life, the way she'd felt when he was close to her and made her whole body shiver with excitement. She thought about the conversations they'd had together while she'd been growing up but too many times, those memories were interrupted by images of Rais with a long-haired beauty in his arms, kissing her in the stables or wherever they happened to be. She hated him for all of those women. And for being so handsome and incredibly male that she hadn't seriously dated any man herself. She'd dated, of course. And she'd kissed many of her dates. But it hadn't ever gone further than that. She just couldn't become intimate with a man who left her feeling lukewarm at best when she knew that just the thought of Rais made her feel things that no man had ever even come close to engendering within her.

Damn him! Why couldn't he just stay out of her life? She'd been doing so well! She even had a man she was interested in that worked in her building. As an even planner it was a bit harder to date when most of her Friday and Saturday nights were taken up with overseeing parties and weddings. But she'd been smiling at a handsome man in her office building, someone who was kind and made an effort to speak to her in the elevator. He was nice, normal and didn't rule a powerful country. In other words, he was in her league and she could have a future with him. Potentially.

Chapter 2

She felt the firm lips on hers and sighed with happiness. "Rais," she whispered, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him closer. When she felt his hands on her waist, she grabbed his wrist and moved his hand higher, pressing his palm against her breast and arching into that caress.

"Rachel," she heard him groan and she smiled as she kissed him again, deeper, her mouth pressing against his. When she felt him pull away, she shook her head and cried out for him not to leave her again. With a groan, he kissed her back, hard, taking charge of the kiss and sending shivers throughout her whole body.

The dream was wonderful, she thought. This had to be the best dream of Rais she'd ever had and it melted her mind, fizzled electricity through her toes and she wanted to sleep forever. But his hand was moving on her breast and that made her...not really uncomfortable. That wasn't the word. It made her hot. She kicked the blankets off of her and tried to cool down, but the heat only increased.

"Hot," she sighed and pressed herself against the heat, rubbing her body against his hard length. "Too hot," she gasped.

Rais shook his head, trying to clear it from the desire that was surging through him. He pulled away, only to have her hands pull her down again. "Rachel," he growled, not sure how to handle this. She was still half asleep and, even knowing that, he wanted desperately to take advantage of her soft sighs and her sweet, warm body.

"Rachel, you have to wake up," he said and pulled his hand away from her perfect breast covered in only a thin, blue camisole. She wore nothing but this top and her underwear and looked like any man's dream woman. All her curves were on display and when she pushed those blankets down, he was able to look at her slender waist, her slightly curved stomach and those hips that ended with her long, strong legs with muscles built up through years of riding and tough chores.

He told himself to look away, but this woman had been the subject of his fantasies for so long, he just couldn't help but drink his fill. She was even lovelier than he'd imagined and he wanted to bend down and kiss her, to taste her and feel her wiggle underneath him.

"Don't want to wake up," she sighed, and ran a hand down his chest.

Rais caught her hand moments before she reached his erection that was pressing against his riding pants and he had to stand up and walk out of her bedroom. In the kitchen, he braced his hands against the countertop, breathing hard and willing himself to regain control of his body. Knowing that she was in that bedroom, less than five feet away with barely any clothes on was painfully hard to resist. And what made the whole situation worse was that she wanted him. Possibly just as much as he wanted her! That was pure torture! Damn her! Why had she stayed away so long? Why had she hidden from him? If she felt this way about him, she should have done something about it years ago!

He was furious with her for staying away, for denying them this attraction they felt for each other. He'd been aching for just the sight of her for six long years and all this time, she'd been feeling the same way? He'd be damned if he would hold back now! He thought about last night, when she'd turned and practically ran away from him he'd thought she might not feel that way about him. He'd gotten the signals from her from the moment she'd walked into her dad's house but when she'd run away, he'd thought that maybe he'd misunderstood.

Now he knew better and she wasn't going to pull away from him any longer! No way!

All those other men she'd had in the past....the men who had taught her to do those things she'd just done to him....he'd make them disappear from her mind. No man was going to occupy that woman's mind but him!

He heard movement behind her door and closed his eyes, reigning in that temper and the lust just in time. She opened the door, pulling on her thin, cotton robe at the same time.

When she saw him, she yelped and almost jumped back into her bedroom, but instead, she pulled herself together and finished tying the robe closed, even clenching the neckline with one hand while she stood there in her bedroom doorway looking at him warily.

Rachel was so startled to see Rais in her dad's kitchen that she almost dove back into her bedroom. After dreaming such vivid scenes of him making love to her she felt stunned to see him in the flesh like this. He was ruggedly handsome with a darkness in his eyes that always fascinated her. This morning, it seemed to be stronger. There was something about him that was....almost magnetizing her eyes to his physique. Perhaps she was just imagining things after that dream that had felt so....real!

"What are you doing here?" she asked, her voice hoarse and dry. She needed coffee desperately, but she'd have to go around him to reach the coffee on the counter. After the dream she'd just had, she didn't want to get too close to him, afraid of what she might do. She was still shaking from the impact of that dream and her body was almost humming in anticipation.

Rais looked at her, taking in her long legs and her messed up hair. She looked like she'd just made love with passionate abandon and he had to close his eyes or lose that control again. He took a deep breath and when he opened them again, he was back in control. "We were going riding this morning."

She shook her head and backed away. "No. I'm not going riding today. I'm going to help my dad in the stables."

He put his hands on his hips, shaking his head at her rejection while his grin grew wider. She was challenging him and he thought she was adorable. He would win her over but he was going to enjoy the chase. "You agreed to go riding with me last night. That's why I'm here. So go pull on riding clothes and let's get out of here." He stopped and his smile turned lethal. "Unless there's something more interesting that you'd rather do inside." He paused to let his words sink in before he said, "I'm open to suggestions."

She gasped and shook her head. "Rais, I'd really rather not go..."

"Too bad. You either come riding with me right now, and believe me, I have a great deal of...energy...to work off," he said, using the term diplomatically because he was still in a rage about the idea of another man touching her perfect, beautiful body, "Or I'll take that as an invitation that you want me to stand here and think of other things to do with you."

She gasped at his suggestion, her eyes wide with the possibilities. But before she could go much further, he took a step towards her and she yelped before diving back into her room.

"Ten minutes Rachel. You have ten minutes and then I'm coming in after you."

She flew into the bathroom and showered, not bothering to wash her hair because she didn't have that kind of time. She didn't think Rais would really come in to fetch her in ten minutes. He'd always acted like a gentleman when he was around her in the past but something told her not to challenge him today. She wasn't sure he was willing to offer that same gentlemanly behavior this morning. That look in his eyes told her that he appeared to be a man on the edge of a dangerous emotion and she had absolutely no idea how to deal with whatever was bothering him.

She showered and dried off in record time, her eyes flying to the clock every few seconds to gauge her progress. She pulled on a pair of old riding pants and was just slipping her arms into the sleeves of an old, flannel shirt when the door to her bedroom flew open. She swung around while her fingers fumbled with the buttons, trying to close her shirt. "That wasn't ten minutes Rais!" she snapped at him.

He chuckled and walked further into her bedroom. "I realized that you didn't have any coffee this morning so I was trying to be nice and bring you some." He set the cup on the dresser then backed up, but not completely. "Cream and sugar, right?" he asked, crossing his arms over his chest as he waited for her to finish buttoning her flannel shirt.

"Fine!" she snapped, not even thanking him since he'd barged in here like that.

"You'll need a sweater," he commented when she turned around and took a sip of the coffee. "It's cooler outside than normal." His eyes lit on her shirt, enjoying the way the buttons gaped in the center where her breasts pushed against the material. "I like the black lace, by the way."

She smacked her hand over her breasts, knowing exactly what he was looking at. The shirt was one of her older ones and she'd filled out more than she'd realized over the years. "Go away," she growled and set her cup back down on the dresser with a thud. She pulled a large sweatshirt out of the top of her closet and pulled it over her head before turning back to him. "My boots aren't in here," she said and left, leaving him standing in her bedroom.

Rais watched her walk out of her room, knowing that she was furious with him. He thought it was cute the way her eyes flashed and her chin jutted out. No one ever dared to show their anger at him, afraid of losing their job or even their life. With a snap of his fingers, he could have someone imprisoned for life but this slender beauty didn't care. She gave as good as she got and he thought it was adorable. Even sexy!

When he walked out, he was treated to a view of her cute bottom while she bent over, trying to pull her riding boots on. She stumbled and he thought about reaching out to steady her, more than willing to help. She must have read his mind because she swung around and glared at him. He knew he was caught staring at her but didn't care. He even smiled and continued to run his eyes over her slim figure, loving the way her cheeks turned even more colorful with each passing moment.

"Don't you have things to do? Wars to start or villages to plunder?" she asked as she stomped her foot one more time to get the boot fully on.

He chuckled at her taunt, enjoying her dry wit. "I'll plunder tomorrow. Today, I'm completely free, and ready to entertain feisty brunettes."

Rachel glared at him, wondering if he'd meant to imply the double entendre. "Let's ride," she said and pulled the front door to the cottage open. "I'm not spending the day with you though," she argued. "I'm here to spend the weekend with my dad so you're just out of luck."

Rais smiled and followed her out the door, enjoying the view.

The horses were already saddled and were walking around one of the corrals. At the first sight of Rachel and Rais coming down the pathway her horse, Dolce, hurried over towards her, eager to be reunited with her companion. Rachel greeted her horse, petting her and loving her, telling her how beautiful she was, her hands sliding over the flanks of the horse to make sure that the stable hand had saddled her properly. Her father had given her this beauty when she was fourteen and Dolce was getting up in the years but she was still a really wonderful horse.

"Wouldn't you like a younger ride?" Rais asked, already knowing the answer. A rider and horse with that kind of commitment wouldn't want to be exchanged for a newer model. He could tell they were inseparable.

"Shh!" she snapped at him, running her hands over Dolce's long, shiny neck. "Don't say things like that! You'll hurt her feelings." She turned to the horse and reassured her with soft words. "Don't listen to the bad man, sweetie. He's just mean and horrible."

Rais rolled his eyes, but he was amused by her characterization of him. "Mean and horrible? I don't think anyone has actually said that to my face, or even in my hearing before."

"Oh, they say it," she said with a grin as she walked Dolce out of the corral and pulled herself up onto Dolce's back on one graceful movement before she turned to look down at him from her new height. "You just probably put them in prison for it, don't you?" With that, she laughed and nudged the horse with her knees and off they were down the pathway.

Rais watched her ride away, always mesmerized by the sight of Rachel on her horse. They were like one, he thought. Both of them knew exactly what the other was thinking and it was a stunning sight. Rachel's hair flew out behind her back and she barely held onto the reigns, letting them hang loose while she controlled the horse with those incredible legs of hers.

When she turned the corner in the path and headed out of sight, Rais realized that he'd just been standing there like a lovesick idiot while she rode away. He chuckled but remedied the situation quickly by pulling himself up on his stallion, turning him in the direction she'd just disappeared into. He caught up to her easily since his stallion was much younger and stronger than her mare. He didn't even mind riding behind her, enjoying the view of her bottom bouncing on the saddle as she pushed the horse to a trot.

They rode through their usual paths, down by the creek, up through the pastures and along the river. The path hadn't been used as often, but it was still there.

When they reached the creek once again, he pulled up beside her and gently pulled at Dolce's reigns, slowing her down until they were stopped.

"Why did you do that?" Rachel asked, refusing to get down from the mare's back.

Rais wasn't having any of that. He jumped down from his stallion and came around to her. When she refused to come down, he simply reached up and lifted her off the horse.

"I wasn't finished riding," she said angrily and pushed her way out of his arms.

"Let's walk," he said, ignoring her comment.

She sighed and let Dolce nibble on the grass next to the other horse. "Why?" she asked and took several steps backwards. The sun was starting to warm up the air and her sweatshirt was getting a bit too hot, but she couldn't pull it off because she knew her shirt was too small underneath.

"Tell me about your job," he said and pulled a leaf off of the tree.

She did the same, examining the veins on the leaf as she absently walked beside him. "What do you want to know?"

He shrugged slightly as he looked down onto her shiny hair. "Everything. It's been years since we talked like this and I remember how you would change your career goals about every month when you were a kid. You wanted to be everything ranging from a gourmet chef, neurosurgeon or gardener who would save the world. Besides, I miss talking to you. It's been too long."

Rachel knew he was right, but she didn't want to talk to him. She didn't want to even be near him. This morning felt like old times, before she realized what he meant to her and before he hurt her by being with so many other women. "I plan parties. I help others figure out what they want and get it for them."

He heard the resistance in her voice but wasn't going to accept defeat. He wanted to get to know the woman she'd become and he usually got what he wanted. "And do you enjoy that kind of work?"

She shrugged, afraid to give him any insight into her life. He could use it to hurt her in some way so she was as evasive as possible. She stopped along the path and turned to face him, squinting up at him despite the sunshine. "Rais, what do you want from me?"

He leaned against a tree and looked down at her. He thought of several different ways he could answer her question, but rejected each of them, deciding instead to be bluntly honest with her. "I want you."

She blinked at his response, not sure she heard him correctly. "Excuse me?"

He almost laughed at her stunned reaction, but held back so she would know that he was completely serious about what he was about to say. "I want you, in my bed. Naked and calling out to me, as excited to be with me as I am to be with you."

She couldn't believe how direct he was but she should have known better. "That's impossible," she said softly and started walking again.

"Why?" he asked as he fell into step with her.

"Why what?" she asked. She couldn't help it, but the idea of having sex, not just with Rais, but with any man, was terrifying. She had a deep dread of the sexual act, afraid of the pain and humiliation of it all. And sex with Rais? That would be even more terrifying, even if she knew that their relationship had a future, which it didn't since Rais wasn't the kind of man to have just one woman in his life.

"Why would a relationship between the two of us be impossible?" he clarified. They were walking along a path that went in and out of the sunshine as they passed under trees, stepped over rocks and jumped the creek as the path wound its way through the woods along the border of his property.

She had to laugh at his question as she balanced one foot on a rock before jumping onto another, keeping her feet out of the quickly flowing water. "Well, first of all, you were just talking about sex which isn't a relationship, I'm sorry to inform you. But secondly, you don't do relationships, Rais. You're not a one woman kind of man and I don't really enjoy being just another in a long line of women in your life."

He thought about that for a moment and nodded. She had some valid concerns and he could easily explain away those women, but he didn't want to frighten her. He had to show her that she could trust him. "So if I were to declare fidelity to you, that would reassure you of my intentions?"

She glanced up at him, then away. "No Rais. We're not going down that road." She abruptly turned around and headed back to the horses, intending to ride back to the stables and start brushing down Dolce.

"Where are you going?"

"This conversation is finished. I have things to do."

She heard him behind her only moments before he grabbed her arm and spun her around. "So do I," he said. A moment later, his mouth covered hers, obliterating her admonishment for him to leave her alone.

She stood still for all of one second, maybe only half that time, before she whimpered and her arms went around his neck, her fingers holding onto his shirt tightly because she wasn't sure what to do. This seemed so familiar to her, like it had just happened a few hours ago but that was impossible. She couldn't help but kiss him back, feeling her body ignite as his hands moved around her waist and pulled her against his hard body. She'd never felt anything like this, her whole mind shut down from reality while he kissed her. His tongue moved inside her mouth, tangling with hers and driving her more insane, heating her up even higher with a need she didn't really understand.

He pulled away for a moment, both of them staring at each other as if to gauge the other's reactions, their breathing heavy and labored. "We can't do this, Rais," she finally whispered, but her body pressed against his, her mouth opened to scream out but nothing happened as his head dipped down again towards her, his mouth explored her neck, her ear, finding little places that made her shiver and go crazy.

"We seem to be doing it quite well already," he replied, his hand moving underneath her sweatshirt, then under her shirt to finally find her soft skin.

"This isn't right," she sighed and shivered when she felt his hand against her skin, the rough calluses creating a delightful texture that she hadn't expected possible.

"It's very right." He pulled her hand down and pressed her palm against his heart. "This is what you do to me," he said and pushed her backwards, looking down at her the whole time. "I want you, Rachel. I think you're one of the most beautiful and intriguing women I've ever met in my life."

If he hadn't stopped touching her, she might have been lost. But his words didn't sound right. They felt practiced and insincere. Maybe it was her suspicious nature, or perhaps it was just too close to what she wanted to hear. But the words were like a cold bucket of water over her libido. "Is that what you used to whisper to all those other women? The ones you used to bring out to your house and make love to in the stables or near the rose garden?" she asked, her eyes focused and her hand steady even if her heart was still pounding away.

He lifted his head and looked down at her, trying to translate her words. "I've never said those things to another woman," he replied.

She watched him, wondering if he was sincere or again telling her what she wanted to hear. "That's a shame. You might have made more progress in working your way through the female population if you had used those lines. They're very pretty."

She pushed away from him, standing up straight and stepping back. She was relieved that he allowed her the space because she was on the borderline between just letting him continue, wanting to know what all those other women knew. She wanted to feel what they experienced just once in her lifetime. With this man.

She knew she was close to giving in, to throwing caution to the wind and begging him to make love to her despite the fears that were always lurking in the back of her mind. Thankfully, sanity prevailed and she took a deep breath to steady herself. "I have to go," she said, hurrying over to Dolce so she wouldn't change her mind.

"Rachel!" He stopped her with a word and she froze. "What happened?" he asked, calm on the outside, but inside he was furious and confused, and in more pain from need than he'd ever experienced.

She shuddered and started to turn around, but stopped and continued walking away from him. "This just isn't right, Rais. You're experienced enough to get me to want you but it isn't enough."

"What the hell are you talking about, Rachel?" he demanded, striding around her so that he was in between her and her horse. "You were right there with me so don't even deny that."

"You're a very experienced lover, Rais. Any woman would....feel things when you do that with her."

He smiled and crossed his arms over his chest arrogantly. "Are you really going to stand there and tell me that the only reason you felt what you did was because I'm more experienced than your previous lovers?"

She wasn't exactly sure how to answer that so she went with the truth. "I can honestly say that you're significantly more experienced than all of my past lovers combined."

That was such a stunning comment, he was actually speechless. He watched, dumbstruck, as she walked over to her horse and lifted herself up. With a last glance, she turned Dolce towards the stables and rode off, leaving him standing by the creek watching her, wanting her painfully. But more importantly, wanting to understand what she'd meant.

He'd bet large sums of money that, when he returned, she would have found an excuse to head back into the city. With a self-satisfied grin, he reached for his own stallion and saddled up himself. Giving her plenty of time to find her father and make her excuses, he rode the long way around the path, ending up in front of his own house and calling for his butler to take care of the horse. He normally preferred to rub down his mounts and ensure that they were well fed after he'd ridden them, but in this instance, he had plans to make, calls to put through.

The woman thought she could get away after making a comment like that? She didn't know him very well.

Rachel rode right back to the stables, wanting to head back to her apartment. But she couldn't do that. First of all, she hadn't seen her father in several weeks and she knew he was lonely. Secondly, if she ran back to the city, Rais would know that he'd gotten to her. He might think her departure was proof that he had some sort of power over her. She couldn't let him think that way. So she stayed, ready to keep her distance, but also wanting to show him that she wasn't affected by him, that she didn't need to run and hide about his statement.

Thinking that the safest place to avoid Rais would be hanging around the other stable help, she unsaddled Dolce, rubbed her down and then sent her out to the pasture to have fun. When she was finished, she looked around for her father, saw him working with one of the vets and gave him space. "Hi Jim," she said to one of the other stable hands as she patted the horse he'd been working with into the pasture to follow Dolce. "Want some help?" she asked, taking one of the pitchforks off of the wall and moving into one of the other stalls, not waiting for an answer.

It was a dirty job, but the horses needed a clean area in which they could sleep and stay warm at night so mucking out the stalls just had to be done. They stayed in the pasture as much as possible so they could get exercise and freedom, but they came into the stables overnight. She enjoyed the worked because it was hard and made her muscles sore. But more to the point, Jim was a good guy with lots of funny quips about working with horse manure and pitchforks and he made her laugh, forgetting for the time her conversation with Rais down by the creek.

She was on her third stall when she heard an angry voice in the doorway. "What the hell are you doing?" Rais demanded, hands on his hips as he watched her with furious eyes.

Rachel spun around to looked up at him, trying to hide the shaking she instantly felt when he was close not to mention that the man's anger was more than a little intimidating. Pretending that she wasn't affected, she shrugged and turned away from him. "I'm making toast," she replied with a ridiculous sense of humor. She didn't bother to answer him honestly because what she was doing was obvious. "And you're in my way," she said as she bent to pick up a dark pile of something unnamed from the corner before turning to load it into the wheelbarrow, only to find him standing in front of it, looking like he might explode with fury at any moment.

"You will not be doing this kind of labor," he growled out. He took the pitchfork from her hands and dropped it onto the dirt floor. Grabbing her wrist, he pulled her out of the stall. "You there!" he called out to Jim who was just pushing another wheelbarrow out of a stall several down from where they stood. "Finish up in here and make sure this woman doesn't do any kind of work like this again!"

Jim was in his twenties and had only been working on the farm for about two years. So he didn't have the kind of tenure that the other stable hands had with Rais and was terrified. He nodded his head quickly then hurried into the stall and took over the pitchfork.

She was so angry at Rais for scaring the younger employee that she spun around to confront him, yanking her wrist out of his grip. Or tried to. He wasn't letting her go so she just glared up at him. "That was unnecessary and the work has to be done, Rais. You're being silly because I can do the work just as easily as he can."

"Enough," he snapped and pulled her along to one of the recently cleaned stalls. He pulled her inside and slammed the door. At least he released her hand and she rubbed the skin where he'd held her wrist while he paced back and forth in the small confines of the stall, running his hand over his face and hair. "You won't be doing that kind of work Rachel. Don't ever let me catch you doing that again."

She leaned against the wall, crossing her arms over her stomach. "Why shouldn't I? I'm no better than they are."

"You are...." He stopped, his black eyes looking down at her accusingly before he said, "you!"

She laughed softly at his reply. "Well, I'm certainly glad we cleared that up."

He sighed heavily and came over to her. Putting an arm on either side of her head, he bent down low. "Rachel, you and I are going to...." He stopped and shook his head. "You just can't do that kind of work. I won't allow it."

She rolled her eyes, trying to pretend that she wasn't nervous with him this close. "Rais, I need to go."

He looked down at her lips and she panicked. She certainly didn't want a repeat of their embrace by the creek. So in order to avoid that, to avoid kissing him like she wanted to do, to feel his lips move against hers once again, she quickly ducked and stepped out of his embrace. It was only because the move was so unexpected that it actually worked.

She skipped over to the opposite side of the stall and smiled over at him. "Rais, this has to stop."

"What does?" he asked, stalking her slowly, but not relenting.

Rachel looked at the shrinking distance between them, then towards the door. "This...kissing me and doing things to me."

"You're an active participant, Rachel. I just initiate the...pleasantries. You help me continue."

"I do not!" she gasped.

He smiled briefly at her vehemence. "Come closer and tell me that."

He took two more steps and she kept calculating the distance between them. Rachel shook her head. "I think I'm safer over here," she countered. She glanced towards the door one more time.

He knew what she was thinking and stopped her with a simple statement. "You won't make it so don't even try," he said with that deep, sexy voice.

She was smiling and didn't even realize it. Rais in this kind of mood was different, somehow flirtatious and she had to ignore that voice in her head that told her to just rush into his arms and throw herself at him. Instead, she said, "You don't understand the depth of my desperation. It makes people do crazy things."

"And I believe that could be said right back at you my dear. I've felt you in my arms a few too many times today. I want to finish what we've started."

"Here? In the stables?" she asked, both horrified and amused.

Rais stopped and looked around. He had indeed forgotten where they were, his mind completely absorbed in trying to get this woman to give in to the things he knew she wanted from him. Things he was more than willing to do with her if she'd just stop this silly pretense that she wasn't interested.

While he was distracted, she took the chance and darted around him. She actually yelped in laughter when he reached out. Thankfully, he missed her by mere centimeters and she was able to dart out of the stall. She didn't stop there but continued out of the stables, wanting to find a place where there were more people to keep her safe from his hands. And everything else about him. Just looking at the man, which she did as she turned the corner and caught him watching her as she hurried away, made her heart skip a beat.

She walked out into the bright, autumn sunshine. She took her sunglasses off of the top of her head and slipped them over her eyes as she walked to the corral. Her father was working one of the new horses and she walked around to the opposite side so she could watch her dad and figure out where Rais would go next. She was determined to avoid him as much as possible after their first two encounters today. Well, three if she were to count seeing him in her father's cottage when she first woke up.

On the opposite side of the corral, she watched as Rais stepped out into the sunshine as well. He was so startlingly handsome with those dark, dangerous eyes. And he had muscles no world leader should have. She wondered how he worked out and would love to talk to him about his days, find out more what it was like to rule Dunari and all the problems he faced, but she didn't think he would take her questions seriously. At least not right now.

He sauntered over to lean against the corral fence as well. He took a spot directly opposite where she was standing so she couldn't really miss him as she watched the horse run through some exercises. The horse seemed to be showing off a bit but Rachel didn't see much of the show. What she saw was Rais, without any sunglasses, staring back at her. She knew the exact moment that his eyes dropped from her eyes to her mouth because his hand came up, one finger rubbing along his own mouth.

The corral was wide, but not so wide that she didn't realize that his eyes dropped once again, focusing on her breasts. It was at that moment that she remembered that her shirt was too small and the gap showed off a little too much. She gasped and reached down, tugging her shirt tails so that the gap wasn't so apparent. She glared at him when she caught him laughing at her movement. And she thought she might actually hate him when his eyebrow went up. Curse him! There was no way he could tell that her nipples had hardened while he watched her. He was too far away, there was no way he could know. But they had. And she actually thought her breasts had swelled slightly, as if he were caressing them, his mouth lowering to taste the peaks and...she shifted slightly and his grin widened once again.

Was he actually making love to her in his mind out here by the corral? And how was it that she knew exactly what he was thinking?

No, she gasped when his eyes went even lower. She shuffled her legs in the dust, her breathing ragged as her body responded to the heat in his eyes as he looked lower, his gaze focusing on the juncture of her legs.

She lowered her gaze, her eyes almost unwillingly lowering to find that his erection was more apparent. It wasn't obscene at the moment, but she could easily distinguish the large indentation where it had previously been flat. Her face paled and her eyes pulled away. The excitement of a moment ago was gone, replaced by the panic she felt every time she thought about the intimate act. She pulled away from the corral fence and shook her head slightly. She turned to the left, terrified of the evidence in front of her but too flustered to figure out where she was or where to go. She glanced back slightly, but only to see his face while she walked over to say something to her father.

She must have said something that convinced her dad that she was okay, because he patted her shoulder and turned back to give additional instructions to the training assistant who was in the corral with the horse.

She hurried down the path and turned the corner around the stable. When she was finally out of sight, she leaned against the stable wall and took deep breaths, forcing herself to calm down. She hated the way she reacted to the idea of sex every time. She was just fine with her dates up until the point that they wanted to discuss becoming intimate, but then she just shut down.

She'd never had a full blown panic attack though. Nothing like this had ever happened and she had to concentrate to keep herself from hyperventilating.

Perhaps it was because she'd never seen evidence like that before. Surely it was just because she was so far away that he looked so large. That didn't make sense, but it certainly helped her to regain her composure.

She walked several more feet away, then slipped back into the stables. She walked by the horses who were being cleaned and even patted one on the nose, further decreasing the panic and allowing her mind to start to function a little bit more rationally.

She felt a bit silly now that she was away from Rais and away from the power he had over her. She stopped at the ladder to the loft, then smiled as she remembered climbing up into the loft and looking down at the stable workers. She'd seen so much from up here. From this vantage point, she could see into all the stalls, both stable doors as well as the side doors and even her father's office down the way although she couldn't see inside of it.

This had been her hideout, the place she'd come when she was hurt or angry, sad or happy. She'd brought friends up here and they'd played cards when her father wouldn't let her ride any longer. If she hadn't been in the rose garden doing her homework, she'd be up here. It was a magical, secret place where she could read for hours and get a bird's eye understanding of what went on throughout the day on the farm.

She pushed several of the spare bales of hay around, forming a sort of couch where she could curl up and watch, think about what had just happened. She was so deep in thought, she didn't hear the other person climb the ladder. She didn't hear Rais as he stopped at the top of the loft and watched her for a long moment, contemplating her long hair with small pieces of straw sticking out on various sides.

He walked over to the edge and looked down into the stables. "So this is where you saw everything that happened over the years, eh?"

Rachel started and twisted around, surprised to find him standing right behind her. He was so tall he had to duck down slightly or he'd hit his head on the roof of the stables, but otherwise, he looked 'right' up here in the straw and hay bales.

"What are you doing up here?" she asked, curling up into a ball, almost defensively. She wrapped her arms around her legs and stared up at him, then glanced behind him to the ladder.

"Don't go trying to run out on my again," he said and sat down next to her on her makeshift 'couch'. "You'll break your neck trying and then I'll be really irritated with you."

She had to laugh at his comment. "You'll be irritated with me for breaking my neck?"

He raised an eyebrow at her reaction. "Not a good enough threat?"

She chuckled again and shook her head. "Not really. Irritation with you isn't anything to be afraid of."

He nodded as if accepting her point. "How's this for a threat...if you fall down and break your neck, I'll have you exactly where I want you...on your back and at my mercy."

She giggled at the image but agreed that that threat was better. "Okay, I'll stay put as long as you stay on that side of the hay."

He instantly agreed with her terms then relaxed back against the hay. "So how did you find this place?" he asked.

She shrugged and looked down over the workers who were milling about, taking care of the horses or hauling in food and water. For the next hour, they discussed non-threatening issues like her job, his job, politics and horses. She relaxed and sank deeper into the hay, feeling as if their old friendship were back and that pesky sexual tension that always seemed to be around them now had dissipated slightly. It was still there and she caught him glancing down at her breasts more often than she wanted to admit, but his eyes always moved back up to her eyes and he paid attention to what she was saying.

He also laughed. His deep, lustrous voice laughed at several of the things she commented on and it made her feel special to make him laugh. "You sound so relaxed right now," she mentioned with a smile of contentment.

"Am I not normally relaxed?" he asked, leaning towards her with his arm behind her on the bale of hay.

She shook her head. "No. You're always very serious, generally wrapped up in something very complicated." She reached out and touched his forehead. "And you have a worry line right here," she said, her finger touching the line between his dark, tough looking eyebrows. "It's very intimidating."

"But you aren't intimidated by me, are you?" he asked and took her hand in his.

She didn't even realize that he was making patterns on her palm. "Yes, you're very terrifying."

He scoffed. "You don't act like you're terrified of me, unless I'm trying to make love to you."

She rolled her eyes and shifted on the hay bale uncomfortably. "Which is all the time as of today."

"Do you blame me?" he joked.

She smiled and pulled her eyes away from his, not wanting to get pulled into that sensuous heat. She'd been there once already today, twice if she counted her dream and it was hard to pull out of that kind of intensity. "Well, I don't blame myself."

"If you'd wear something other than a shirt that is too small for you, and one that draws my eyes to that black lace bra you're wearing, by the way, then I wouldn't always be trying to make love to you."

Her free hand reached up and covered the gap in her shirt and she tried to pull her hand away. "You're a really horrible man," she laughed.

He tugged her hand which caused her to land exactly where he wanted her, in his lap with her hands holding onto his shoulders. "I'm just a man. You can't blame me for falling victim to your allure."

She thought that she might be in trouble in this position, but it just felt too good for her to move. The alarm bells were ringing, but because of the laughter they'd been sharing for the past hour or so, she was too relaxed in his company to take him seriously.

"I think I've been wrong to be afraid of you," she said with a sparkle in her eyes. "You're just a pussy cat, aren't you?"

"Absolutely," he agreed. "I'm completely uncomplicated and non-threatening."

She threw back her head and laughed at his blatant lie. "I think you're actually a wolf in sheep's clothing, trying to lure me into a false sense of security," she said.

His hand slid up her waist and he raised an eyebrow. "I think you're correct."

She knew she was in trouble, but it just felt too good to be in his arms. It was the first time she hadn't felt threatened by his nearness. His touch was hot, but not uncomfortable.

"I'm going to kiss you, Rachel," he said, his voice huskier, deeper somehow.

Her eyes dropped to his mouth. She tried to form the words that would ask him not to do that, but they wouldn't come out. She shouldn't want this, should be pushing him away, getting off of his lap and running as far away as she could from this man.

Instead, her lips opened slightly, her tongue darted out to wet her lips in anticipation, and her eyes looked into his, her body already turning towards him.

When his lips touched hers, she gasped at the heat, the electric shock. She'd never felt anything like this and she shivered, her fingers curling up and diving into his hair while he kissed her. She sighed slightly and kissed him back, unable to resist him when he was acting like this. She melted in his arms, feeling her shyness slip away. That irritation she normally felt when in a man's arms wasn't there either so it was a nice feeling to actually want a man to embrace her. Why was it that the only person who stirred her interest like this was the one man who was so completely wrong for her?

He leaned over, pulling her with him so that she was on her back, leaning down in the soft pile of hay that covered the floor of the loft. He could look down at her with desire shining brightly in his eyes and her fingers shook slightly, but she didn't want him to stop. Not yet anyway.

His hand slowly, gently moved her hand off of her shirt, pushing it gently to the side then his own hand moved back to the front of her shirt. His deft hands slowly unbuttoned the front, his eyes watching with heat as her skin was slowly revealed to his gaze.

Rachel was breathing heavily now, her body on fire for his touch but there was also a small warning in the back of her mind. She ignored it, transfixed by the way his fingers would undo a button, then skim along the skin underneath. The autumn air was too warm for a sweatshirt, but as the buttons were released, she realized how cool it actually was. And then his fingers would touch her skin and she would be hot again. With each button, the process reoccurred, the cool air, the heat, cool air, instant heat.

When he reached the button that held the fabric over her breasts, she held her breath, almost afraid of the process but he didn't stop. His eyes watched in fascination as the button was released and he pushed the material away.

She wasn't sure what to expect when he finally saw her breasts, but the sharp intake of his breath made her feel sexy and powerful.

Unfortunately, the raw surge of energy that spiked through her when his hand covered her breast was frightening. Gone was that heavenly desire that made her arms almost limp with the need to have him hold her. It was replaced by that fear that she always felt when a man touched her too intimately. She jumped with the feeling, grabbed his wrist and held him away from her as she looked up at him fearfully. That warning bell in her head was louder now and her eyes looked up into his.

"What's wrong?" he asked, his whole body stilled when she pulled back.

Rachel didn't want this feeling to go away. Maybe if she just pushed through the fear, that wonderful feeling would come back. Maybe she could just pretend it wasn't there and she could continue on.

She shook her head and pulled his hand back down against her breast. "Nothing," she said. "Kiss me please," she begged, then reached up to his head and pulled him down, her mouth kissing him and feeling relief when he took charge, increasing the pressure and that bell faded slightly.

But when he shifted his weight, pressing her back and moving his legs between hers, the bell sounded loud and clear. She shook her head, pulled away and Rais immediately stopped, lifting his head.

Unfortunately, that wasn't enough. "I have to go," she gasped, scrambling out from underneath him. She tripped on the bale of hay behind her, righted herself and grabbed the beam overhead to steady herself as she almost ran for the ladder down out of the loft. She was holding her shirt together as she descended, barely able to steady herself on her decent, but knowing that she had to get away.

"Rachel!" he called out when his mind cleared enough to realize that she wasn't just shifting but running away. Again! This time though, it didn't look like she was trying to avoid him so much as just terrified. He immediately started to think that perhaps someone had done something to her, something to scare her into hating or being afraid of sex.

He watched with rising fury as she ran out of the stables, her fingers barely holding her shirt together as she sprinted as far away from him as she could get.

Chapter 3

Rachel sighed with relief as she pulled into the parking lot of her downtown office building. She smoothed the tan skirt down over her hips, then pulled the suit's jacket off the backseat of her vehicle, wanting to look nice for work today. She had a big wedding she was assisting with this coming weekend which would really help her in the firm. The company she worked for, Elegant Events, was one of the preeminent events firms in the city, catering to some of the wealthiest and most powerful people in Washington, D.C. The wedding this weekend was for a senator's daughter who was getting married at the Mayflower Hotel, one of the ritziest and well known establishments in the city. Everyone in town was working hard to get an invitation to this event. All the who's who will be there this weekend. Although she wasn't in charge of the wedding, being too inexperienced at this point in her career, she was one of four assistants who were helping the main coordinator, a tyrant named Marissa Banks who was one of the best in the industry.

Rachel had been working long hours to ensure that her tasks for the wedding were all taken care of well in advance of the deadline Marissa had set out. So as she walked into the building, she was reviewing her notes, looking at all the items that would be reviewed in the Monday morning meeting so that she could be able to tell Marissa that all of her to-do items were completed.

"Rachel, you're wanted in Derrick's office," the receptionist called out as soon as Rachel passed through the frosted glass doors.

Rachel looked over at Lenora, the sweet and friendly receptionist who guarded the lobby area with sugar coated words, helping the clients with coffee and tea, ensuring that everyone felt like they were the company's number one client from the moment they walked in the door.

Rachel was halfway through the lobby area when she did a double take at Lenora's words. Derrick was the head of the firm and ran the agency with flair and good humor. She really liked him, knew that he'd grown this agency from almost nothing so she had a great deal of respect for him as well.

"I'm supposed to be in Marissa's meeting in ten minutes," Rachel called back. "Are you sure Derrick wanted me?" It was almost unheard of for the head of the agency to speak with one of the lowly junior members of the staff.

Lenora nodded her head emphatically. "Derrick asked for you personally, Rachel. He seemed very excited about something."

Rachel closed her file folder and looked around as if she could find the reason for this unexpected summons in the walls or carpeting. The lobby area was done in shades of white and cream colors with fresh flowers brought in every week in various shades depending on the season. Because fall was in full swing, there were yellows and golds this week, creating a stark contrast to the white and cream decor. But even the flowers couldn't provide an explanation.

"Did he say what this was about?"

Lenora shrugged her shoulders and answered the next call, efficiently directing the call to the appropriate person.

Rachel went to her tiny office and put her notes down. She pulled the papers out of the folder she'd worked on yesterday after returning home from her father's cottage. Okay, she acknowledged to herself that it was more of a running away scenario. She'd spent the rest of Saturday evening locked away in her tiny apartment vacillating between fits of anger over Rais for pushing her to the breaking point and crying at how pathetic he probably viewed her after the pitiable way she'd scrambled away from him in the loft.

Even now, thinking about the dumbfounded expression on his handsome face when she'd glanced back up to him from the stable doorway, she couldn't believe how childish she'd acted.

She looked at her small desk covered with vendor information and brochures, her computer screen with sticky notes on three sides and even her lamp had reminder notes. This was not the time to work through her fear of intimacy with the fabulously handsome but terrifyingly large Sheik of Dunari, she reminded herself. She had tons of work to do and missing anything over the next five days would be extremely bad for her career.

The phone by her elbow rang, startling her out of her private lecture and she looked down at the number. It was an internal call and she nervously picked up the receiver. "This is Rachel."

"Rachel, could you come to my office quickly please?" Derrick said with his precise, cultured accent.

Derrick was wonderful and flamboyant and everything that a gay man epitomized. And he was completely faithful to his partner, a lawyer in a D.C. firm that was powerful because of his own connections and abilities.

She knew that the summons had been phrased as a question, but it was much more along the lines of a command performance. "I'll be right there."

She walked out of her office quickly, stopping by Marissa's office which was larger and much more elegant and, thankfully, along the way to Derrick's office as well. Because of Marissa's experience and her client list, the woman had enough space for a much larger desk, several filing cabinets and a round table with luxurious chairs surrounding it so that she could discuss plans with her clients in comfort.

"Marissa, I'm so sorry to do this but Derrick has called me down to his office. I wanted to stop by and hand you my task list and let you know the status of each," she said and handed her notes to the older woman. "I should be finished with him soon although I don't know what Derrick wants me for but here are my tasks that you assigned to me last week and where each issue stands, just in case I won't be out before you start your status meeting."

Marissa glanced down at Rachel's neatly typed notes and nodded. "This looks good. Thank you for being so conscientious. Let me know when you're out of your meeting with Derrick so I can give you the next steps for the wedding this weekend."

Rachel nodded her head and left the office, nervous about whatever Derrick might need to speak with her about. As she walked down the hallway, she went through her tasks for the past few weeks. Had she missed something? Or had someone complained about her performance? She couldn't think of any other reason why she would be called down to the owner's luxurious office.

"Go on in," Debra said as soon as Rachel stuck her head into the private area where Derrick's office was located. The whole floor was done in shades of white and cream and this area was no exception. The cushioned chairs were in white and gold, the tables were topped with glass and cream colored legs. All the desks at this end of the hallway were glass with gold and cream stands. All colors coordinated beautifully, enhancing the feeling of the agency being a strong wedding group, but the shots of color indicating that they could do much more for their clients than just weddings.

Rachel knocked on the door and stepped in when Derrick looked up. "What on earth did you do this weekend, dear?" he asked immediately and waved for her to come inside and sit down.

Rachel didn't want to talk about her weekend on the farm with her dad...or anything having to do with Rais. Just the memory of being in Rais' arms Saturday afternoon made her ache all over again, followed by the painful embarrassment of running away because they went too far for her pathetically timid little mind to handle. "I went to visit my dad," she explained honestly, omitting the part where she had to explain that her father worked on the horse farm of one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world.

"Well, I don't know what you've done recently, but you're now the official Washington, D.C. planner for the Sheik of Dunari." He clapped his hands together for emphasis and waited for her reaction. When she simply sat there for a long moment, Derrick took her silence to mean she was just as overwhelmed as he was hoping she would be upon the news. "And what's even better? He has a series of parties that need to be worked over the next few months. You're going to be a very busy lady! And the envy of everyone in the office, I'm thinking. This is a major coup for you!"

Rachel's mouth fell open and she wanted to protest, but the words simply wouldn't come out. Parties? For Rais? That's crazy! That would mean being around him, talking with him, being trapped in his presence more often than she could endure!

Derrick didn't notice her fear and continued talking about the events to be worked. "So here's the current list of parties, some of them are small, intimate gatherings which should be relatively easy for you to handle. The others are a bit more elaborate so you'll need to work directly with me on those so I can help you out when you get stuck. I'll help you with vendors to make sure that all of them are top notch. I know that Marissa thinks she has the best in town, but I have many more contacts that can work magic when I need them to."

She was still stunned from the news, terrified of the responsibility that Rais was handing to her as well as what he might be expecting of her personally. She looked up, noticing that Derrick was looking at her expectantly, obviously waiting for her to become a bit more effusive in her excitement.

Her hand fluttered around her head, wondering what words she could say that could get her out of this predicament. Derrick wouldn't understand her need to maintain a very big distance between herself and the fabulously wealthy Sheik of Dunari. Distance simply wasn't 'done' in this line of business.

"I'm obviously grateful for this opportunity," she finally stammered out when she remembered to close her mouth and think. She shook her head, her hand forming a fist as she slowly said, "I don't think I'm experienced enough to handle these kinds of parties. Surely someone with more events under their belt should be put in charge of such an important client."

Derrick was already shaking his head. "The man asked for you personally. He said he'd seen your work and liked the way you handle yourself. Which was why I asked what you'd done this weekend, in case you'd attended some fancy shin dig that I should know about," he laughed, as if something like that could actually happen. Derrick knew everything that was happening in the city and anything he didn't know about, wasn't worth attending anyway.

"But..."

"No buts, darling. This is huge for you. And don't worry, I explained that you'd never handled anything this large on your own before and he said he would help you through each step. In fact, you're expected this afternoon for a wine tasting with the man himself for the first party. He's arranging all of the travel because, and this is in his words, he doesn't want you wasting time on traffic issues when you could be spending your time servicing his needs." Derrick chuckled at what he thought was an unintended pun, but Rachel knew that Rais had probably meant that exactly as it had come out.

Had Rais worked all weekend to come up with this list of parties? Or did he genuinely need to entertain like this? She knew that, in the past, he had entertained a great deal. She used to watch the catering vans and florists come and go from the main house on many occasions, had even helped out in some of the events, working with Lucy to polish the silver before Rais arrived.

This list didn't seem out of proportion, but it did seem convenient. She'd have something to say about this as soon as she called him. And her first comment would be that he would have to find someone else to organize his damn parties because she wasn't going to do it!

Derrick eagerly discussed the first party, giving her suggestions on where to get the caterer, the wines and even the florist, all very irritating comments since Rachel had been working up her own list of vendors that she trusted. Derrick simply waved her assurances aside and told her to use his vendors for these events because he could be assured of both their discretion and superior quality. When she was finally back at her office, she picked up her cell phone and called Lucy. "Hi there, it's me. I'm trying to reach Rais. Any way you might be able to get him on the line?"

Lucy was the housekeeper and more like an aunt to Rachel since she'd grown up without a mother and Lucy didn't have any children. For as long as Rachel could remember, Lucy had been the woman she'd gone to when she needed a woman's advice.

"I just saw His Highness pass by, honey. I'll go get him," she said.

Lucy didn't have the same kind of relationship with Rais as Rachel and her father had, so there was much more formality between her and her employer. But Lucy still enjoyed working for Rais and made all of his favorite dishes whenever he came to town, spoiling the man in a ridiculous fashion, in Rachel's personal opinion. When she'd been a kid, Lucy's efforts had been amusing. Now, with Rachel's adult perspective, she considered it just another way that Rais charmed women to get what he wanted.

A moment later, Lucy transferred Rachel's call to Rais who apparently was in his office. She could just see him, kicked back in that huge leather chair, his booted feet up on the massive oak desk in his office that was almost always covered with documents and contracts covering the wide range of businesses Rais had in the United States.

"Rachel, what can I do for you," he said cheerfully, that deep voice sending shivers through her body even from a distance. "The helicopter is on its way to pick you up for our meeting this afternoon. I hope you have some good wines for me to choose from."

Her hand gripped the phone almost painfully as her anger with him welled up at his cheerful tone. "I can't believe you're messing with my job like this. I really don't like this one little bit, Rais." She was furious with him for putting her job in jeopardy.

He laughed softly, enjoying her spitfire attitude. "I would have thought working for me was quite a coup in your line of work, my dear. So what wines are you bringing me to taste?" he asked.

Rachel was gritting her teeth, furious that he was purposely missing the point. "Don't do this, Rais. I'm begging you to leave me out of whatever you have planned."

"I have to include you, my dear. It's the only way I can see you. If things were left up to you, I'm guessing that it will be another six years before we accidentally ran into each other again."

"You're right!" she hissed, unafraid of angering him. Others might cater to his whims and moods but she wasn't going to take it from this arrogant man.

"So I'm not leaving things up to you," he countered, his voice deep and husky, but firm with his intention. "I'll see you at one o'clock, my dear. We'll have lunch with the wines." With that, he disconnected the call and Rachel was left staring at her phone with rising anger. He was manipulating her and she didn't like it at all!

A shadow appeared in her doorway and Rachel wiped the fury from her expression just in time to see a livid Marissa to stand there, framed by her door and shaking with fury. "Just so you know," Marissa said with an angry voice as she stood inside Rachel's office, "This isn't over! You're not leaving my team five days before the big event."

Rachel stared wide eyed at the empty door where Marissa had just stood, wondering what the older woman had been told about the change.

A moment later, Derrick was on the phone. "Rachel, could you come to Marissa's office please?" Things were flying through the gossip mills in spectacular fashion today, Rachel thought as she put her phone back in the cradle once again.

Normally, Mondays were a more relaxing day around here as the coordinators recovered from whatever party they'd organized over the weekend. But apparently Marissa's wedding was putting everyone on edge with the stress of such an important event looming.

Rachel understood Marissa's doorway comment now. And in a way, it was flattering that Marissa was so angry that Rachel was being pulled off of the big event. It meant that Marissa valued Rachel's contributions and wanted her to remain on the team.

Or it could mean that someone had gotten wind of the newest events and Marissa was jealous. That wouldn't be good, she thought as she made her way back down the hall with shaking knees.

As Rachel walked down the hallway to Marissa's office, she could hear the yelling even from several offices away. Others in the offices looked up, curious to know what was happening and what the blowout fight was all about.

"He asked for her personally, Marissa," Derrick was saying, leaning against the woman's desk.

Rachel walked into the office, standing awkwardly in the doorway. "I'm terribly sorry about this Marissa," she said softly, hoping to alleviate some of the woman's anger. "I honestly didn't expect anything like this. I can probably do both the wedding and this party. I can work overtime to get everything done so you aren't left hanging."

Rachel was taken aback by the woman's glare, her fury shining through her eyes like nothing Rachel had ever seen before.

"I should be doing these parties." Marissa spun around to face Derrick again. "Let her take the senator's wedding! I'll do the sheik's parties. I know international protocols much better than Rachel. She'll mess things up royally and we could have an international incident on our hands."

Rachel couldn't believe what she was hearing. All this time, Rachel had been trying to figure out how to help Marissa while the other woman was just trying to get the better event! "Excuse me?" Rachel snapped, stepping forward. Her whole body language changed with the bitter woman's words. "I will not cause an international incident. Nor will I even cause an office incident such as the one happening right now. And as for experience, I think I can do just as good a job, possibly even better, at anticipating Sheik Rais' concerns than someone who thinks it is appropriate to back stab one's coworkers."

Derrick looked over at Rachel with newfound respect. He obviously hadn't expected his junior organizer to stand up for herself quite so eloquently. "Well said, my dear." He turned back to Marissa. "As for you, if you don't stop making a scene, I'll take you up on your request to be pulled from the senator's wedding this weekend but you definitely won't be given anything as important as the sheik's social calendar when you don't have the professionalism to finish your current assignment."

He stood up and started to walk out of the office but he must have eyes on the back of his head because Marissa was just about to say something else but he stopped her cold by spinning around and snapping at her, "Forget it!" before leaving the two women to stand there glaring at each other.

Marissa looked Rachel up and down, shaking her head. "Well, we know you didn't sleep with the guy to get this assignment. So I wonder what you did do for him."

Rachel gasped, unable to believe what she'd just heard. "Excuse me?"

Marissa knew she'd scored a point with that statement and took on a smug expression. "You heard me. The Ice Princess sleeping her way to the top? I'm pretty sure that the sheik is going to be disappointed when he realizes that you don't..."

Rachel didn't even wait for the end of the sentence before she spun around on her heel and walked out of the woman's office. She couldn't believe the vitriol the woman was spewing but her other concern was that Marrisa actually knew, wasn't just guessing, but was positive that Rachel wouldn't put out. It was true about her clients, but the way Marissa had said that made her think that she also knew that she didn't sleep with any of her boyfriends.

Rachel went back to her office and closed the door before she let her emotions show. She was so horrified, insulted by the possibility that her friends and co-workers were gossiping about her sex life. Or lack of it, she clarified. How could they all know? Or were they guessing? Was it written on her face somehow?

What a mess, she thought. She couldn't even counter their impressions because, unfortunately, it was true.

She had to get out of here. Her office was tiny and she felt as if the walls were closing in on her. She hated this feeling so she grabbed her notebook and her purse before rushing out of her office. She ran into several co-workers in the hallway but they all looked away, avoiding her eyes.

That hurt, she thought. It meant that they all knew and all were gossiping. Either about her fight with Marissa or the woman's horrible accusations. How could her sex life even become a topic of conversation? What would cause them to speculate on things like that?

She dated and she had friends who she would talk about her weekends with them. They all discussed their dates over lunch in the kitchen or when they went out for lunches or dinners, sometimes even happy hours. And yes, several of the other women would give details that Rachel thought might be a bit too intimate, but just because she didn't share similar details about her dates, that shouldn't imply that she didn't have intimate details to share. Okay, so it might mean that, but her co-workers couldn't know that. For all they knew, she was just being respectful, a woman who didn't kiss and tell.

She slumped down in her car, grateful for the dim lights of the parking garage which allowed her to pull herself together. So what if she didn't sleep around? That was none of their business. She didn't sleep with clients, she didn't sleep with guys that she couldn't feel something for...that was a decision for her to decide and wasn't any one else's information.

She took a deep breath, putting things into perspective and came to realize that it wasn't that they knew she didn't sleep around. It was more the fact that it was common knowledge. She hated being the topic of someone else's conversations. It was just demoralizing.

She started her car and pulled out, driving to the address Derrick had given her so she could pick up the bottles of wine he'd selected for this afternoon. She had no idea why Rais wanted to test out the wines. He entertained all the time and she didn't think he even cared what wines were served as long as they were of excellent quality.

Perhaps there was something about these specific vintages that he wanted to try before serving. Maybe they were new or tricky. She didn't really have a big taste for wine but knew from her training which wines to select for various meals.

At this point, she didn't care. She would bill the man for every hour that she worked for him and maybe he would regret doing something so outrageous as asking her to organize his parties.

Unfortunately, as the hour approached when she would see Rais again, her nerves started getting the better of her. She'd picked up several samples of wines, cheeses and various other interesting ideas for his first party and had them stored in large boxes, ready to take out to him. She didn't mind flying but she'd never been in a helicopter before so this was going to be interesting.

At the heliport, she allowed the attendant to carry the heavy boxes to the waiting helicopter and she approached at a slower pace, not eager to get into the contraption. This one looked significantly larger than what she was expecting, even having the Dunari royal seal on the sides. There were two big, burly men who were watching her approach and she suspected they were body guards for Rais, but why they would be here, she had no idea. Shouldn't they be out at the farm protecting him? She knew they were always there, but they guarded the inside of the main house and the perimeter of the property, rarely venturing down to the stables.

The helicopter lifted off and Rachel's stomach dropped out of her body. She gripped the cases of wine in her right hand and the door handle in her left, praying silently that the pilot knew what he was doing. It might take her two hours to get out to the farm by car, but when one didn't have to deal with traffic and red lights, or even rights and lefts to get to the correct street, it was much faster. The pilot simply flew over all the little ant sized cars below, flying directly to the farm and landing on Rais' private helipad. George, one of the older gardeners, was even there to meet her and carry the case of wine and the other box of delicacies from the helicopter to the back of his truck. It took less than thirty minutes to get from her office building to the main house and she was shaking the whole time.

Rais was standing on the front of the steps, watching as George drove her up the long driveway. When he pulled up at the front of the house, Rais walked down the steps and opened the door for her. She almost didn't get out of the truck as she gazed at his victorious eyes, filled with intent that made her stomach muscles tighten even more. "Welcome back, Rachel."

He took her hand and pulled her up the steps and into the house. Rachel had been inside often over the years, but normally she entered through the kitchen door or the garage. The main house was intimidating when coming in through the front, which was exactly his intent with most of his guests.

"Why are you doing this?" she asked when he brought her into the dining room where Lucy already had a light lunch set out along with a whole tray of wine glasses ready for the wine tasting.

"We'll do the opening," he said to George who was preparing the first bottle for the tasting.

George nodded and bowed himself out of the dining room, even closing the doors as he left. Rachel saw that they were now alone and her shaking increased. "Please don't do this, Rais," she begged, her fingers knotting the napkin on her lap.

"Don't do what?" he asked as he poured a small amount from the first bottle of wine.

"Don't do....this," she said, waving her hand between the two of them.

He looked down at her and stilled for a long moment. "Help me understand why I shouldn't try and make love to the woman I've wanted for so long I can't remember a time when I didn't want you in my bed."

That was a startling declaration but she focused on his first request. "I'm not in your league, Rais. I don't play by the same rules that you do. When I have sex, it will mean something."

That declaration infuriated him for some reason. "So all of your old lovers meant so much to you that you're still with them? Its' just me that you don't want in your bed, is that it?"

She sighed and bowed her head. "You keep referring to my old lovers, but that assumption isn't accurate, Rais."

"How many?" he demanded and placed her glass in front of her. "Taste this one. It's an excellent red."

She ignored the glass and stared at her fingers instead. "None," she whispered. It was time to be honest with him. Maybe if he understood, he would stop his pursuit of her and let her just be content with the way her life was moving.

He didn't move. Didn't even breathe for a long moment. "Would you repeat that please?" he said softly, firmly.

She didn't want to repeat it. She wanted to run out of the house and hide from him again. Being here, seeing him again as the memories of those hands on her breasts Saturday filtered into her mind, she had trouble focusing on anything other than that. And what might have happened if she'd stayed, if her fears hadn't come up and overwhelmed her. He wasn't leaving her any choice though. He stood there looking down at her, waiting.

Her chin lifted just so he didn't think she was weak or embarrassed, which she was in this case but he didn't have to know that. "I haven't been with any other man."

He sat down heavily in the chair next to her, downed the small amount of wine he'd poured in his glass, then poured himself another. "Explain please."

She stood up and took her glass of water, draining the glass as she looked out the window. "Do you remember that afternoon a long time ago when I came home from school and saw Devlin and Dalia?" They were two of the horses that were still on the farm, still producing excellent offspring.

He remembered it vividly. And he remembered how horrified she'd been that afternoon crying out her fear for the mare who, in Rachel's eight year old mind, was being brutally raped when in fact, the mare was just putting on a show for the stallion. "I remember. You weren't supposed to see those things. Your father was pretty angry with himself that day."

She smiled, remembering her father's white face when he'd gotten home that evening. "He tried to talk to me about it, but I was still too shocked." She'd also cried that afternoon in Rais' arms, begging him to stop Devlin from hurting the poor mare. She'd buried her face on his shoulder, sobbing out the pain for the female horse.

"And?" he prompted.

"Well," she took a deep breath, "I know, theoretically, that it isn't as brutal with humans. But the truth is, I haven't really wanted to find out. I'm too scared to test the activity. I'm pretty sure I won't like having sex Rais. So I've pretty much avoided it."

He was quiet, absorbing what she was telling him. When he finally spoke he was right behind her, his chest mere inches from her back. "Let me get this straight. You haven't ever had sex with another man because you thought that sex with a man would be like mating was with Devlin and Dalia?"

And no man could match up to Rais' manliness, she thought silently. "That and other reasons. But yes. So when you want me to give you a number, I can't do that. Nor can I be casual about sex like you are."

He pulled her closer, kissing her shoulder softly. "I don't think there would be anything casual when I finally get you into bed, Rachel."

She swung her head around, looking up at him with an anxious expression on her face. "When? Not if?"

He shook his head. "We will happen, my dear. And it's going to be soon. But I promise that you won't be scared and you will enjoy every moment of it along the way." He was thinking back to Saturday morning and the way she'd responded to his touch, begging him in her sleep to keep going. Yes, she would be doing that with him again. Very soon, he thought.

He dropped his hand and stepped back. "In the meantime, let's have lunch and you can help me decide on which wine to serve."

She breathed a bit easier now that he was walking back towards the lunch table. She thought it was sweet that Lucy had chosen the pink roses to decorate the table and she walked closer. "These are my favorites," she said, touching the delicate petals of one of the perfect, pink roses with just a hint of red on the tips of each petal. "I remember the day you brought this plant here to your rose garden. I was so excited to see what it would be like after you described it to me."

"I remember the day," he replied with a nostalgic smile. He'd made a special trip to German to find this particular rose, wanting to surprise her with it. Almost all of the roses had been his gift to her, although she didn't even know it. When she was fourteen years old, he'd hired a man to find a special rose bush for her. When he saw how excited she was by the roses, how she preferred to do her homework in the rose garden, he'd built up his collection of roses, trying to find unique and hardy flowers she might enjoy. "I like the ones that have a stronger scent, but you want the ones with the most vibrant color."

Rachel laughed and pulled her hand away. "I used to love just laying in the garden and smelling the roses. My dad would find me lying in the dirt, homework still not finished and he'd drag me back to the stables so he could monitor me while I finished."

Rais remembered several occasions like that. He would chuckle from his office window as he watched her father storm up to the rose garden, irritated that he'd had to come look for her. But she was always there.

"He used to call them 'damn girly flowers' whenever he found me over there." She smiled at the memory and sat down at the table, pulling the linen napkin onto her lap.

Rais opened another bottle of wine and poured a bit of the white into a glass. "I don't really like this white, but let me know what you think."

She squinched up her nose and shook her head. "A bit too dry and tart for a dinner, don't you think?"

"It goes well with cheese," he suggested.

"Not everyone will be eating cheese," she pointed out.

Bottle after bottle, they sipped and laughed over the various descriptions. Rais already knew which wine he wanted at the first party, but it was a relaxing way to spend the afternoon. And he could tell that she was getting a bit tipsy, which was even better. He wanted her relaxed and enjoying herself.

He encouraged her to eat the braised chicken Lucy had made them for lunch, and they both drank plenty of water to hydrate themselves and ate bread to keep the food in them. But as the afternoon continued, he stopped opening new bottles and just kept topping off their glasses with the one wine they both enjoyed.

Rachel knew the moment that the afternoon changed. The relaxed feeling shifted slightly. As did Rais. They had moved from the dining room table to the living room with the soft, leather sofas. She realized suddenly that he was sitting much too close to her and, as she looked down at her legs, they were actually across his lap, her shoes tossed to the side and she was leaning back against the cushions. And he was leaning over her.

"What are you going to do?" she asked, suddenly wary.

His handsome, firm mouth formed into a half smile. "I currently don't have a plan of action besides just enjoying your laugh." He took a sip of ice water, his eyes dropping to her mouth. "You have very sexy lips," he said.

She laughed and shook her head. "You'll have to do better than that to seduce me," she said. When she realized what she said, her eyes widened and she started to pull away.

He held onto her legs and shook his head slowly. "I don't think so," he commented casually. But there was nothing casual about the way he was looking down at her. "You've challenged me."

She shivered with the intent she saw in his eyes. "No, really...I didn't mean to..."she tried once again to pull her legs away but his hand stopped her and his touch was so intimate that she froze.

"Here's the deal. And bear with me because I've been considering this all afternoon while you sat here and looked like the sexiest woman alive so there might be a few salient points to work out. But we're going to go slowly, at your pace. You're going to learn to trust me, to show me what you like and don't like when I touch you."

She started to interrupt but he put a finger over her mouth. "We're not going to have sex today because you've had too much wine, but very soon, I'm going to make love to you."

"I don't want..."

"And you're not going to lie to me and tell me that you don't want me to make love to you, right?"

She bit her lip, her mind trying desperately to come up with an answer. But with his hand on her upper thigh like that, and his massive chest leaning down over her but not touching, no pressure at all from that direction, she couldn't form the words to deny his promise.

"Good," he said when she remained silent. "We're going to start today. I'm going to kiss you and you're going to help me so that we don't go too far. When the panic starts to seep in, you're going to stop me, understand? But you're not going to stop me by running away." He said the words softly, slowly and seductively. All the while, his hand on her thigh was moving up and down her skirt and she was painfully conscious that the material was moving higher. Very soon, he was going to feel the skin underneath her skirt and she wasn't sure she could take that kind of enticement.

"And if I panic and start to run away?" she whispered, her hand moving to rest on top of his, stopping the movement and was relieved when he moved his hand lower.

"Remember? You're going to stop me when that feeling starts to show up and we're going to talk about it, right?"

She gasped when his mouth covered hers. But this time, there was a difference. Rais was just as bold, just as demanding, but there was a hesitancy behind the kiss. He was waiting for her, she realized. And with that understanding, she felt more...accepting. She couldn't say she was comfortable or relaxed because she rarely felt those kinds of emotions when she was near Rais. It was almost as if the excitement, the passion inside of him was leashed somehow.

Her hand reached up and touched his cheek, her fingers experimenting with touching him. She shuddered with delight now that she knew this wasn't going anywhere soon. She could enjoy the way he touched her, the way he kissed her and revel in the feelings without the fear or panic about what might come next.

She gasped when his hand slid under her silk blouse and pulled away, but the control was still there when she looked him in the eye. Lifting her head, she kissed him once again, her mouth opening and he immediately took the opportunity to deepen the kiss, pushing her back against the soft cushions. His hand moved higher, his fingers only skimming along the skin of her stomach and ribs. She wiggled underneath his hand, wanting a more intimate caress, but not sure how to get it from him. And also not sure how much she could take.

Rais lifted his head, his eyes hot with the need but his jaw was firm with the control he was holding over that desire. "Here's what's going to happen Rachel," he said and pulled up so he was no longer touching her. "I'm going to take you home now and we're not going to touch each other until we're back at your place."

Rachel was startled with that command and started to protest but he put a hand over her mouth to stop her. "And here's why. You're wearing a silk shirt without buttons up the front. The only way to progress further with what we're doing is for me to rip that shirt off of you and view those very lovely breasts that I want desperately to see once again. But if I do that, I know that will snap you out of this haze of passion you're feeling," he said and even saw the desire in her eyes fade as the fear took over. He sighed and sat up, lifting her with him. "So from now on, when we are together, you will wear something that buttons up the front. Understand?" he commanded firmly. He stood up and pulled her so she was next to him, his hands on her waist and pulled her closer, forcing her stomach to feel what touching her had done to his body.

"I know that you're afraid of what you're feeling right now, but there's no need Rachel. You're safe in my arms and I won't do anything right now." He put his forehead against hers and took a deep breath. "But stand very still right now so I can maintain control."

Rachel froze. She was so still she was even afraid to breathe until he lifted his head. Her hands were still laying softly against his chest but she wouldn't let her fingers even twitch, much less move along his strong, muscular chest to explore what was underneath. Something she was very curious to do.

He laughed softly and his hands tightened on her waist. "You're not very good for my ego, my dear."

He took another deep breath then stepped back. "It's time to get you home," he said. "Pick whichever wine you prefer for dinner this Friday night," he commented, taking her hand. "Can you work with Lucy on the menu? There will be ten dignitaries here for dinner. I have to fly out tomorrow but I'll be back in time for the meal."

"Of course," she said, slipping into professional mode with difficulty. "I'll have everything ready for the evening. I'll get in touch with your assistant to get a list of the guests so there won't be any international incidents."

He looked down at her once again, then nodded. "I know you will be exceptionally lovely Friday night."

She wished he hadn't said it in quite that way, but she didn't have time to figure out what he meant. He took her hand and led her out of the house and down to the helipad where he climbed in right behind her. The pilot was waiting for them and they were airborne just a few minutes after they entered the helicopter. Rachel wasn't used to this kind of efficiency and was even more surprised when they landed on the top of a building only a few blocks from her apartment. The elevator ride down took them to the street level where his guards were already stationed with a team of black SUVs waiting to ferry her to her apartment.

She was uncomfortable with how much it was costing him just to take her home. "Rais, this seems like a lot of effort when I can easily drive myself to and from your house."

He shook his head. "Not a chance. It's a long drive and I don't want you making that kind of a trip when you've had that much wine or even if it's late at night, which many of these events will last." He stopped when they were seated in the back of the SUV and looked over at her. "There's an easy solution though."

She saw the mischievous look and knew she didn't want to hear it, but she laughed anyway and said, "What's your idea?"

"Just move in with me," he said easily.

She gasped, pulling back to get a better look at him. She knew that no other woman had ever stayed with him in that way. For that matter, no woman had ever spent the night with him. At least, she suspected that they didn't sleep over. He generally took them out of the house and came back alone. Or that was her impression although she didn't have anything to back up that assumption.

"I couldn't do that," she finally said.

They were at her apartment now and one of his guards was holding the door open for the two of them. She went up in the elevator, awkwardly flanked by two bulky men and Rais, who still towered over his guards beside her.

She dug into her purse, wanting to escape this crazy escort home but as soon as she pulled out her keys, one of the guards took them silently and opened the door for her. The other guard stood outside, holding Rachel back while the first one entered the apartment. A few moments later, he came back out and nodded his head, bowing slightly.

"I'll be right back," Rais said to his guards before he nudged Rachel gently on the small of her back to get her moving inside the apartment. He closed the door and turned to face her. "You'll get used to it," he assured her. And then he took her into his arms, pressing her backwards so her back was against the wall and her chest was plastered against his. He kissed her for all she was worth, his mouth moving over hers sensuously, deeply, teasing her until she responded. Her hands moved up his chest blindly, feeling all those things she had wanted to touch before but was too afraid to explore. She reveled in his kiss, her body sliding against his, and she whimpered with the need for something she couldn't define.

Rais pulled back with a groan. He put his hands on her upper arms and stepped away from her, taking a deep breath as he looked down at her eyes that were now bright with desire. He almost shook his head to keep himself from pulling her against him once again but he knew that he might not be able to stop if he started once again.

"I have to go," he growled out. He pulled a card out of his pocket. "Here's my private cell phone number. Call me if you need anything, okay?"

Rachel reached up and took the card, her hands shaking violently after that kiss. "Yes. Call," she whispered, curling her fingers around the card as she reigned in her own passion. "Thank you."

His hand reached out once again, touching her stomach gently. "Remember. Front buttoned blouse, Rachel."

She couldn't speak, too afraid of what might come out. But she nodded her head, acknowledging his command.

After that, he left her apartment, closing the door softly and Rachel stared at the soft light in her apartment, wondering how her life had gotten so crazy all of a sudden.

Chapter 4

Rachel surveyed her appearance in the mirror, nervously smoothing the Adrianna Papell gold satin material over her figure. The satin shimmered along her waist and hips, hugging her breasts with a sheer, embellished mesh neckline. The edge of the material was high enough up on her chest that it didn't show even the slightest bit of cleavage but the mesh teased the eyes. If one were to look more carefully, underneath the rhinestones was her own flesh and she worried that the dress might be too sexy for tonight. Oh, it was a perfectly acceptable dress for the social part of the night but was she teasing Rais too much with the neckline?

She glanced back at the Armani cocktail suit that had arrived yesterday by special messenger. The teal fabric shimmered in the light from her bedside table and the rhinestone buttons on the jacket looked fabulous. But she didn't want to wear something that expensive, or anything from Rais. She was uncomfortable enough with him flying her out to the party on his private helicopter, she couldn't accept clothes from him as well. Especially a dress that probably cost a couple thousand dollars.

This dress was even more expensive than what she'd planned to spend but she'd seen it on the hangar and had splurged. It had cost almost four hundred dollars, but she wanted to look pretty tonight.

Not because she was going to see Rais, or because she wanted to impress him....or even because she didn't want to embarrass him in front of his important guests. She told herself that the only reason she'd bought the dress was because this was a special occasion and she needed to look nice for her first big event in which she was the primary event coordinator. She'd be able to wear this dress over and over again so it was really just a good investment.

Okay, and it didn't have buttons going down the front.

She accepted this part mentally, but it still made her nervous. Every nerve ending in her body was tingling with excitement, wondering what Rais might do when she showed up with a blatant...challenge?

She smiled, touched up her lipstick then grabbed the sleek, bolero jacket that came with the dress and her matching purse. When she pulled the door to her apartment open, she jumped when she spotted the two men who were standing outside her apartment. "Oh!" she gasped and stepped back. "What's going on?" she asked.

One of the men bowed and stepped forward slightly. "His Highness asked that we bring you to him tonight. He wanted to ensure your safety, ma'am."

Rachel's hand flew to her neck, astonished that Rais would do something like this. "I don't really need an escort...I'm sorry, what's your name?"

The first man bowed again. "I'm Kadar and this is Joe, ma'am."

Rachel blinked and released a breath. "Okay, Kadar and Joe, thank you for the protection, but isn't this a bit of overkill? Shouldn't you be out guarding Rais?"

The men didn't even flinch when she called their employer by his first name. "We have our instructions, ma'am."

Her shoulders slumped and she looked down the hallway in both directions, worried that her neighbors would see this conversation and think someone was about to arrest her. The two guards looked suspiciously like FBI agents, or at least the kind of agents that appeared in the movies or television shows. "Would you mind if I called Rais? I just don't think this is necessary."

"We are at your service," Kadar replied, again with a bow.

Rachel looked at him curiously, but she backed up into her apartment, closing the door so she could have a private word. She pulled the card out of her purse that Rais had given her earlier in the week and glanced at the number. She pulled her phone out and dialed, then waited impatiently for the man to answer.

"Good afternoon, beautiful," he said as soon as he answered the phone. "What are you wearing underneath the suit?"

Rachel blushed and was glad that he wasn't around to see it. "Rais, why are two security guards standing outside my doorway?" she asked impatiently.

"They're supposed to escort you to my house. Didn't they explain that to you?"

She heard the edginess in his voice but ignored it. "That's what they said to me, but that doesn't explain why you want them to escort me."

"Because I want to ensure you're safety, Rachel. I thought we discussed this on Monday."

She gritted her teeth, trying to ignore her impatience. "I don't need security guards, Rais. Call them off."

"I won't. And I need you to go with them. They will escort you to the house, but once you're on my property, you'll be safe enough. Now answer my question. What are you wearing underneath that blue suit? Or are you going to make me find out on my own?"

She sighed and looked out the sliding glass doors of her apartment, seeing the late afternoon sunshine streaming through. She needed to hurry up and get out to his house, wanting to supervise the various vendors that were arriving to set up but if she didn't hurry, she'd be late and that's when confusion settled in.

Knowing she wasn't going to win this argument with him, she smiled slightly as she said, "Don't worry, Rais. I'm not wearing anything underneath the blue suit," she said with complete honesty.

With that, she snapped her cell phone shut and stuffed it back into her small clutch purse and walked back out to the hallway. Kadar and Joe were still standing at attention in the hallway and she pulled her apartment door shut, twisting the lock to make sure it caught.

"Okay, I'm ready to leave," she said with a smile, ignoring her phone that started ringing at that same moment. She knew that it was Rais trying to reach her about her last comment and her grin widened but she didn't take her phone out of her purse.

By the time she reached the elevator, she heard Kadar's cell phone ring. The man immediately pulled it out of his pocket and answered it in a language she didn't understand. It sounded like Arabic, but it could be any number of dialects or even the original language itself for all she knew.

Kadar spoke rapidly but she had no idea what he said. By the time the elevator reached the ground level, he had shut off his phone.

A moment later, her phone started ringing once again. She pulled it out of her purse and noticed that Rais was once again calling her. With another laugh, she pressed the ignore button, then dumped the phone back into her purse and stepped into the back seat of the black SUV. She had to wink at Kadar who looked at her as if she'd just lost her mind.

Was she really the only person who wasn't afraid of Rais? Well, that wasn't exactly true. She was terrified of the man, but for a whole different reason. She smoothed the dress down over her knees and looked out the window. When she felt her phone vibrate, indicating that she'd just received a text message, she thought about ignoring it. But she wasn't the type of person who could do that. Besides, it could be her boss or one of the vendors with a question or a problem.

With a groan of irritation, and no small amount of trepidation, she once again pulled her phone out and looked at the screen. Sure enough, it was from Rais and her fingers shook as she read the words, "Payback is hell."

She bit her lip as she watched the city streets fly by. They came to the same building she and Rais had descended from several days ago and she actually hesitated to get out when Kadar held the door for her. It was all well and good to pull the tail of the tiger when he was far away. But in less than twenty minutes she would be up close and personal.

With wobbly knees, she stepped out, knowing she had a job to do. This wasn't a personal visit. She wouldn't even be around him most of the evening, she reminded herself. She would be supervising the vendors, looking through the meals in the kitchens, observing the bartenders and a myriad of different things.

She took a deep breath and stepped into the helicopter, taking a seat and nervously strapping on her seat belt. What could he do? She smiled and looked out the window. She had a great deal of work to do before the party began and he wasn't even scheduled to arrive until a half hour before the event was to begin at which time she knew he would have to shower and change.

The helicopter set down fifteen minutes later and Rachel already had her clipboard out and was going over the details of the party. Her eyes skimmed the vans lined up on the driveway, pleased to note that the florist was already packing up, the caterer had arrived and looked like they'd been here for a while, security was setting up their own perimeter and everything seemed to be going smoothly. She walked in through the kitchen doorway, intentionally avoiding the main house just in case Rais had actually come back earlier than planned. She busied herself with her initial checklist but kept looking over her shoulder for the man in question.

After two hours, she was starting to relax. The caterer was finishing up with the last of the meal, the dining room was set with places for twenty people, the technician had the music all set for the evening, all she had to do was press a button. Wine was open, flowers were in place, wait staff had arrived and were getting instructions....

She was doing a final walk through of the dining room and living room when a strong arm wrapped around her waist, lifting her up and carrying her into the smaller library.

Rachel gasped at the first contact, but as soon as she realized it was Rais, she pressed her mouth closed, not wanting anyone else to realize that he'd grabbed her like this.

When the library door slammed closed behind him and he released her from his strong grip, she spun around, intending to give him a lecture on how to treat her. But the words never left her since he covered her mouth with his, kissing her hard while his hands pulled her skirt up, his knee sliding between her legs and she gasped with the intensity of desire that slammed into her. He wasn't satisfied with that either. Her bolero jacket was pulled off her arms and the zipper on the back of her dress slid down with determined hands. By the time he lifted his mouth, her dress was bunched up around her waist and she was gasping for breath, her hands gripping the tuxedo material of his jacket and her eyes were closed, her body begging for him to continue.

"I like the fact that you think you can tease me," he said roughly. "But you didn't follow my instructions Rachel."

She opened her eyes slowly, her heart racing and her breathing ragged. She didn't care what he said, but she desperately wanted his hands back on her body, touching her. When his leg shifted slightly, she gasped, her body jerking as the electricity, and something else she'd never felt before, sparked up along her stomach.

His fingers traced along the lace of her bra, one finger sliding inside to tease her already hard nipple and Rachel bit down hard on her lower lip, her head falling back against the wall and she gripped his lapels harder, pulling him closer.

Rais looked down at the woman who had driven him nearly insane with desire this afternoon after her phone call and almost cussed out loud. He had her exactly where he wanted her, completely ready and more than willing for him to finish what he'd started. But his guests would be here in less than ten minutes! Damn!

A part of him thought about calling every single person and telling them to just stay away, but he knew he couldn't do that.

He pulled her dress back up, making sure that her pretty lace bra was back in place. He then smoothed her skirt back down over her hips, kissing her much more softly. He heard her breath, shaky and deep, and wanted to kiss her again, to bury himself inside of her but that would have to wait.

"You look beautiful," he said softly.

Rachel kept taking deep breaths, hoping to somehow get herself back under control. It was hard, but she finally released her hands from his jacket and stepped away from him, holding onto the back of a chair because her legs were too unsteady.

"Thank you," she managed to say, relaxing her shoulders and trying to figure out how to walk once again.

"Why didn't you wear the suit I sent to you?" he asked, moving in closer. He knew he should keep his distance, but she just smelled good and she felt even better.

She smiled, but looked away from him. "It was a beautiful suit," she replied softly.

"I thought so."

"But it had buttons down the front." She looked up at him, almost laughing at the irritation that flitted across his handsome face.

"And you just wanted to show me your independence?"

She took a step backwards, almost laughing when he stepped right along with her. "It had nothing to do with my independence, Rais. I just wanted you to know that I don't follow orders well." She watched him, her eyes challenging him. "And the suit was too expensive. I can't accept gifts like that."

He shook his head as he stalked her several more steps. "Rachel, you need to understand something about me."

"What's that?" she asked, almost laughing for some reason.

"When I give an order, I expect it to be followed."

"And if I don't follow your orders?"

One eyebrow went up with that. "Then you have to face the consequences."

He was just about to reach for her when the doorbell rang. She slapped a hand over her mouth as she watched his expression change from lascivious to disconcerted at his plans being foiled.

He looked down at her as he shook his head. "You think it's funny?"

"Yes," she giggled.

He bent down low even as she leaned back over the back of the chair. "Don't forget, there's always the end of the evening when the guests are gone."

With that, he straightened up and took her hand to lead her out of the library.

"My clipboard," she called out, trying to pull her hand away so she could grab her information.

"You won't be using that tonight," he said and pulled her back, tucking her hand into his bent arm. "Come along."

"But, I need that to work," she argued.

"You're the hostess tonight," he countered. "No clipboard."

She wanted to argue more, to explain that her job was to hang in the background and oversee the evening but he wouldn't let her go and George was already opening the front door to the first few guests. "Good evening, Senator," Rachel said, stepping into professional mode, trying to pretend that Rais wasn't there.

The evening continued on but each time Rachel tried to step away from Rais, he pulled her back by his side. She enjoyed his company, not having witnessed the humorous side of Rais but he was incredibly funny when he set his mind to charming people other than long haired, brunettes.

The evening was a fabulous success and Rachel was proud of how well the vendors operated. They had a few questions for her, which they whispered in her ear occasionally. But she was able to handle everything without a hitch.

The only problem was when the guests started to take their leave. She hadn't minded being on Rais' arm while others were there to provide a buffer. But as soon as their numbers started to dwindle, her nervousness increased.

Very carefully, while he was discussing a project one of the senators wanted to build in Dunari, she slipped her hand from his arm and walked over to the door that led to the kitchens. "How are things in here?" she asked Lucy who was busy overseeing the cleanup from the caterers.

"Everything is just fine, Rachel. You did an excellent job and the food was delicious."

Rachel walked over to Lana, the caterer who had handled everything. "Thank you so much Lana. This was a big night for me and you really pulled through."

Lana reached up and gave Rachel a huge hug. "I'm so glad you trusted me with this job. I had a lot of fun."

"And you're an excellent cook!" Rachel came back.

Lana's grin widened. "Why don't you go relax? You've been on your feet all afternoon. We'll be finished here in about ten more minutes."

"So soon?" Rachel asked, her voice breathy with nervousness.

"Sure! We're fast! I have a fabulous staff who know how to get things done efficiently!"

With that, Lana almost danced off, excited that her first major party for a big client went so well. That left Rachel standing with Lucy who was huffing off to the dining room to start turning off lights.

Rachel stood in the kitchen alone, her eyes worriedly looking around, trying to find something to do. But everything was completely under control.

"I need to speak with you," she heard Rais say right behind her.

She spun around, almost falling with the momentum but he caught her before anything embarrassing could happen. She thought he might just kiss her right there in the kitchen in front of Lucy and the whole catering staff. Thankfully, he dropped his hand and walked out of the area, assuming she would follow him.

Rachel glanced around, caught Lucy's eyes and cringed when the motherly woman gave her a wink of encouragement. There was nothing to do but follow him. This was exactly what she'd been trying to avoid all evening. She couldn't be alone with him, didn't want to be alone with him.

"Rachel!"

His voice commanded and she actually jumped, startled by the tone.

He'd never spoken to her like that. With authority and...almost anger! She hadn't done anything wrong except disobey what he told her to wear tonight. And she didn't consider that to be blatant disobedience. Not that she even owed him obedience, she told herself angrily.

Shoving through the door, she was about to confront him with his irritating, authoritative voice, but she stopped short when she looked at him. He was standing in the living room, his tuxedo jacket thrown over the back of the sofa, his tie hanging down on both sides of his neck and the first few buttons of his shirt undone. To make the whole image better, or worse depending on one's perspective, he was holding two glasses of brandy in his hand, offering one to her.

This was at least safer, she thought as she stepped forward to accept the brandy.

"Thank you," she whispered, then moved away from him, taking a position on the other side of the room.

"The night went smoothly," he said and sat down on the leather sofa, watching her with hooded eyes.

"Thank you."

"You did an excellent job. Very good food."

"I told Lana that I thought it was great, but I'll pass along your praise as well. It will mean more coming from you."

"Probably not," he laughed softly.

Her eyes sliced over to him, not sure why he'd said that. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, everyone who was here tonight basically worships you. They are all eager to do your bidding and please you."

She flushed, feeling embarrassed by that kind of a comment. "You're exaggerating."

He shook his head. "Not in the least. You're a very good hostess. Not that I ever doubted you." By the end of his statement, he was standing right in front of her. "You're charming and interesting despite disobeying just about everything I tell you to do."

She couldn't help the chuckle that escaped. "So stop trying to order me around."

One side of his mouth tilted up in a semblance of a smile. "It's in my nature." His hand slipped around her waist, drawing her closer. "What am I going to do with you?"

She inhaled sharply when he pulled her against him, his dark eyes conveying his desire for her. "Maybe you could just enjoy my company before you head back to Dunari," she said softly, pulling her eyes away from his and staring at his chest. She really didn't want him going back home, she thought with a touch of sadness. She wanted him here where she could laugh with him and talk with him. Just being in the same room with him was stimulating, although at times he terrified her.

"I was without your beautiful presence for six years. Do you really think I'm going to just leave you now that I have you right where I want you?"

She stopped breathing with those words. "Where do you think you have me?" she asked worriedly.

"In my arms." He grinned and took a sip of his brandy with his free hand, "And in my house with no one else around."

Those words startled her and she looked back towards the kitchen. They were too far away for her to see or hear anything but she suspected that he was correct. Her shivering increased and she gripped her brandy glass with both hands. "Would you take me home?"

He shook his head. "Not before I kiss you," he replied.

"I'd rather you didn't."

He chuckled and she felt that sound throughout her whole body. "I know, love. But it's something I have to do." He paused to let those words sink in as he looked at her dress. "And what are we going to do about this flagrant disobedience about my instructions on your attire tonight?"

She glanced down at her dress, then back up to him with a grin. "I don't take orders from you, Rais."

He shook his head and bent lower so his lips were almost touching hers. "Ah, but I like it when you disobey me."

Her eyes widened and she started to pull back, but the arm around her waist was too strong. "What are you going to do about it?"

He took another sip of brandy before setting it down on the table behind him. "Oh, there are a numbers of punishments I can dole out for a major infraction like that."

Again, another giggle slipped out and she shifted in his arms so that her free arm was higher on his shoulder, almost wrapped around his neck. "Can you give me some examples?" she suggested. "Maybe I'll choose one over another."

He looked back at her askance. "You don't get to choose your punishments, my dear."

"Why not?"

He took her brandy glass out of her hand and set it down next to his. When both of his hands were free, he used one to take her other hand and place it on his shoulder. "Because that would defeat the purpose of punishments, my love."

He bent low and kissed her neck, causing Rachel to shiver and move closer to him. She even tilted her head so he had easier access. "I need to get home."

"Not before I kiss you," he countered, nibbling on her collar bone.

"I think you're already kissing me."

"I'm not kissing you where I want to kiss you."

She wasn't sure where that was, and frankly didn't want to know. She loved the way he touched her, the electrifying way she felt in his arms. No other man had even come close to making her feel this way and she shifted against his hard length, even feeling the pressure from his erection against her stomach. The thought occurred to her that she actually wanted to hold him there, to feel him and explore that part of him.

She didn't feel the zipper slide down her back but when he pushed the material off of her shoulders she looked up, confused. At that moment, he covered her mouth with his and all the confusion was superseded by the desire for this one man. The fear didn't even rear its ugly head and she kissed him back with everything she was feeling.

His hand slid down her spine, tickling and teasing her. Her fingers had been clenching at his shoulders, but with his touch, she felt emboldened to touch him back, wanting to make him feel the same things she was feeling. Her arms came down from his shoulders and she slowly tested how to touch him. When her fingers slid down his chest, she heard him groan and his arm tightened around her waist.

She really liked that and tried it again but this time, he lifted his head and kissed her hard, his tongue delving into her mouth, teasing her to participate in the kiss. She wanted to push his tongue out but he captured her lower lip and bit her. Not hard, but enough to surprise her and her hands clenched on his chest before opening up again, running across his chest muscles once again.

"Rachel!" he growled and lifted his head, shaking it slightly before taking her hands and plastering them against his chest.

That wasn't enough for her though. She let her hands slide over to the buttons. She thought she was being subtle, secretive but she desperately wanted to feel the skin underneath his shirt, to explore those muscles more intimately. She released one button and her fingers tentatively touched his chest. But it wasn't enough and she released the next button. She continued to reveal additional skin, her excitement building as her hands found more freedom to explore the actual man instead of the fabric that hid him.

She was so absorbed in exploring his body that she didn't even realize that Rais had pushed her dress down to her waist. When his hands cupped her breasts, she inhaled sharply and pulled back, closing her eyes just as she'd done earlier in the evening. She couldn't think any longer and when his thumbs rubbed over her hard nipples, she whimpered with the need that was pooling at her core. She pressed her stomach against him, her legs shifting as her whole body searched for the undefined something that she always felt when she was with Rais.

In fact, she wasn't even aware of her hands ripping off his shirt, uncaring about the buttons or the material. And when she finally had him free of that, when his hands pushed the lace bra off of her shoulder and his hands were free to roam her breast without the hindrance of the material, she cried out with the jolt, pressing her body closer to him, her legs rubbing against his.

"You're beautiful," he told her and bent low so that he could take her breast in his mouth. When he did that, she wrapped her arms around his head while her body tried to withstand this new feeling. She'd never even believed something this intense could be real, but as his mouth suckled, his tongue laved and his teeth nipped at her breast, she whimpered again with the growing need that was swamping her senses.

"Please," she gasped and tried to pull his head away. He allowed that, only so he could move to her other breast, cupping the tender globe in his hand while he teased and tormented.

He straightened up a moment later and pushed her dress down to her feet, then swung her around, lifting her up and placing her next to the chair. With gentle, teasing fingers, he pulled the scrap of lace away from her hips, his hands sliding along her legs.

"Sit down," he ordered, then took her hands to push her gently into the chair while he kneeled in front of her. Rachel wasn't sure what he was doing, but she didn't have a chance to figure it out. Because his hands slid up her legs once again, his fingers at her knees pulling her legs apart while his mouth moved back to her breasts, kissing and nuzzling, teasing her until she was pliant in his hands.

His hands slowly opened her legs while his mouth traveled down her body. She felt his fingers slide gently along her outer thigh, then her inner thigh. When his finger touched her core she jumped and looked down at him, her hands gripping his shoulders. When she started to push him away, he stopped her movement with the simple expediency of sliding his finger inside of her. She was so astonished at that feeling that her body jerked. Her hips actually pushed forward, taking more of his finger and sighing with happiness. When he pulled his finger out, she shook her head, relieved when he pushed back into her.

He stretched her slightly when he put two fingers inside of her, but she didn't have a chance to worry about that because his mouth had already moved from her breast to that core, his tongue teasing her and she couldn't believe the heat she felt with his tongue and mouth, teasing her like that.

A feeling was building inside of her and she couldn't stop it, didn't want to. As his fingers and mouth moved on and in her, she pressed against him, her body arching and pressing, shifting ever so slightly until she felt that feeling intensify, expand and then...everything sparked out, shining and waves of intense feeling, of pleasure like nothing she'd ever experienced or knew about exploded around her.

Rais watched with a painful need as she experienced her first orgasm and he thought he might just die if he didn't bury himself inside of her immediately. When her body collapsed, he lifted her into his arms and swung her around so that she was laying on the carpet. He kissed her legs, her thighs, that juncture once again so he could enjoy her taste and smell, then moved higher, kissing her stomach and reveling in the perfection of her breasts.

He stood up quickly, grabbed a condom from his pocket as he stripped his slacks and shoes off before coming back down to kneel between her legs once again.

He wanted to stay just like that, to look at her in the aftermath of that climax, but he was in too much pain now. He needed her with an intensity he'd never experienced with a woman. What was it about this slender female that drove him to such a desperate need to possess her?

He didn't care at the moment. He leaned over her, gently taking her lips, kissing her, teasing her, bringing her back to him. The whole time, he slid his finger inside of her again, closing his eyes at the heat, her wetness and how tight she was. He wanted to just bury himself in her but he knew he had to take this slowly.

When he felt her stirring, he replaced his finger with his erection. Slowly pressing inside of her, watching her face the whole time. Her eyes smiled up at him and her soft hands moved from the carpet beside her to his shoulders while her legs automatically moved up his leg, giving him more room, better access. She shifted her hips, adjusting to him and he loved the way her eyes brightened once again.

But as he slid in deeper, her eyes became worried. He stilled and reached down to kiss her gently, reassuring her with words he wasn't even sure she understood. When he felt her hips move again, he pulled out and then pushed in a bit deeper. Rais continued the process until he felt her barrier and stopped, controlling his rampaging need to push into her to the hilt. Sweat was forming on his back and forehead but he shook his head, trying to clear the lust away so he could concentrate on making this experience perfect for her.

In the end, he had no idea what to do to help her through this pain and it tore at him to do this to her. "Rachel, I'm sorry," he said, his hands diving into her hair with his elbows holding him above her.

She heard his words, saw the worry in his eyes and the panic welled up inside of her. Everything until now had been so perfect. She tensed, her eyes widening and she shook her head. "No," she gasped out and tried to slide away. "You have to stop now," she cried out.

He shook his head one more time. "I can't," he said softly and a moment later, he pushed into her, feeling her slender body stiffen in his arms and he held still, forcing the desire away until she relaxed once again.

Rachel bit her lip, unaware that her fingernails were digging into his skin. Gone was that need, that desire for the finish. Everything was gone except for the pain and she wanted to sob out her fear. But slowly, the pain dissipated and she opened her eyes. Feeling him fully inside of her was a new feeling. She should be angry with him. She'd asked him to stop and he hadn't. He'd broken his promise. But as she looked up at the man, his eyes closed and every muscle in his body trying very hard to remain still, for her, she forgave him. A warmth filled her and she relaxed her hands, her legs came next and he felt that. His eyes opened and he looked down into her soft, smiling eyes and relaxed somewhat. "Are you okay?" he asked carefully.

Her smile widened and she shifted slightly. "I think so," she replied.

He let go of a deep breath. "Thank goodness! I don't think I can hold off much longer." With that, he slid slightly out of her, testing her tenderness and was even more relieved when her eyes widened with the movement. Several more gentle movements and she closed her eyes once again, pressing her body against each thrust.

Rais moved so that she had the best friction, shifting slightly to get a better angle, giving her as much pleasure as he could. He watched her face, trying to read if some move was better or worse but everything he did just seemed to help her get closer. When he felt her tightening he increased the pace and watched with fascination as her body arched and climaxed, her whole being involved in the pleasure.

Unfortunately, he couldn't watch for too long. Her mindless pleasure pulled him in and he couldn't stop his own orgasm from washing over him. It felt as if every particle of tension was being pulled out of his body with the orgasm that swept him away with a pleasure that was so intense he couldn't even think, just experience.

When he could move, he opened his eyes and looked around, then down at the tiny woman he was crushing underneath his weight. Immediately he lifted up and rested on his elbows, looking down at her smiling face.

Even now, as she ran her fingers lightly over his back and shoulders, it felt incredibly good just to have her touching him after such a long wait.

"So?" he asked, chuckling at her delirious expression.

"So what?" she quipped.

He gently stood up, lifting her in his arms. "I can't believe we did this on the living room floor," he commented, shaking his head. He didn't even bother to pick up their clothes, just carried her up the stairs to his bedroom.

"I think you were trying to reassure me that this wasn't going to happen."

He thought about that as he shouldered his way through the doorway. "That might have been in the back of my mind," he replied as he set her down in the middle of his huge bed. "But now that you know it's going to happen again, what are you thinking?"

She laughed and started to pull the covers over her nakedness but he only smirked and pulled the cover out of her hands, covering her with himself.

Rachel raised an eyebrow. "It's going to happen again? Who says?"

He mirrored her expression, not allowing her an inch. "I say. And it's probably going to happen pretty soon, my dear."

She gasped when she felt that he was telling her the truth. "Oh my," she sighed.

He bent down low and kissed her neck, smiling at her response. "Oh my indeed."

Chapter 5

Rachel woke up to the alarm clock ringing and slammed her fist down on top of it. She didn't want to wake up, she didn't want to go to work and she definitely didn't want to spend the week without Rais. She'd spent the weekend with him, feeling awkward when she went to visit her father in the stables Saturday morning. He didn't even blink an eye when she wandered into the stall though and she wondered what he was thinking. Had Rais already discussed his plans? Somehow that made the whole thing sound premeditated and she didn't like that.

But the weekend turned out to be a great deal of fun. They went riding, had lunch with her father, dinner alone at the main house and she spent the whole weekend curled up in his arms. She didn't go home until Sunday evening, at which time, he'd come back with her, even coming into her apartment and made love to her one more time in her own bed before he left her to return to Dunari for meetings.

The only good part was that she would have a chance to see him again this weekend when he returned for another dinner party on Friday night and he'd even asked her to accompany him to an embassy ball on Saturday night so it looked like she'd get to spend the next weekend with him again.

That thought had her rolling over in her bed, smiling up at the ceiling. She was eager to see him and be with him. That probably wasn't the safest thing, she told herself.

But she pushed those reservations to the side, sweeping the covers off of her so she could start her day.

The week was long and tedious, but by Wednesday evening, she was eagerly preparing his house for his dinner party. There would be more people this time, with his whole house filled with guests. She'd even had to order a white tent for the backyard in order to hold more guests for the dinner and dancing he had planned.

Her phone beside her elbow rang and she looked at the number. Thankfully it was just Lenora so she picked it up. "Hi, what's up?" she asked cheerfully but was still sifting through all the notes on her desk.

"There are two big, beautiful boxes here that were just delivered for you," the receptionist explained.

Rachel was confused. She looked at her calendar, trying to see if she was expecting something for the party that she'd forgotten about. "What are they?" she asked, confirming that she hadn't forgotten anything. Everything was supposed to be delivered to the farm so she couldn't imagine anything coming here.

Rachel told her she'd be right there and hung up the phone. Picking up her notebook where she kept all the information on her events, she walked to the lobby, confused about what might have been delivered here accidentally.

When she reached the lobby, she saw the huge boxes with a giant ribbon on the front. Both boxes were long and flat with an exclusive department store label on the outside.

"These look exciting!" Lenora was saying. "Open them here so I can see, okay?"

Rachel smiled slightly but shook her head. "I have no idea what these are but I'd better get them out of here. You know how Derrick prefers his reception area to look nice and tidy."

Lenora frowned, but knew that Rachel was correct. It was her job to get deliveries out of the reception area quickly so the white lines and punches of color were undisturbed by extraneous trash.

Rachel carried the boxes back to her tiny office, ignoring the curious stares of her co-workers.

When she untied the ribbons and pulled off the top of the first box, her reaction was total stunned surprise. "Goodness," she whispered in awe.

Lifting up the material, she was shocked by the incredible dress that was wrapped in tissue paper. It was a stunning Emilio Pucci evening gown done completely in black lace with an under dress of shimmering gold. The dress would hug her figure from her shoulders to mid-thigh and then it flared out to her toes. It was so beautiful she couldn't believe that she was actually holding such a masterpiece.

She heard someone gasp from her doorway and looked up. "Is that an Emilio Pucci?" Linda whispered with reverence?"

"Yes. It was just delivered."

Linda, one of the other junior coordinators that Rachel occasionally had lunch with, stepped into her office and touched the black lace. "How can you afford something like this on our salary? It's something like four thousand dollars!"

Rachel's eyes snapped up to her friend's. "Are you serious?" she gasped.

Linda only nodded, her eyes remaining on the gown. "Positive. I was looking at it just last weekend, drooling over the dress." She glanced up with eagerness. "What's in the other one?" she asked, almost whispering.

Rachel carefully tucked the black lace dress back into the box, gently covering it with the tissue paper before pulling the second box forward. When she opened this one, she felt as if her eyes were going to pop out of her head. The Akris gown was almost too beautiful to touch. It was a bodice cut made up in glowing pink silk that would hug her chest, skim along her hips and then flare out to the floor.

"Well, that one isn't four thousand," Linda sighed, her fingers delicately touching the material.

"Thank goodness," Rachel replied, almost afraid to pull it out of the box but Linda's reassurance had her taking it gently and holding it up to her.

"I didn't even drool over that one. It was in a glass case at the store. I think it was closer to twelve thousand dollars," she explained. "That kind of dress is so out of my league I didn't dare get close to it."

Rachel almost dropped the dress with the news that the one dress could cost so much money. She wasn't even sure she made half that much in a month!

"Who sent you these?" Linda asked, moving forward to peek into the box.

Rachel did the same, spotting the card as she shuffled the tissue to pull it out of the box. Her fingers were shaking as she opened the envelope. She had a suspicion on who sent these dresses and she was almost dreading having those suspicions confirmed. But as soon as she read the note her heart sank with the confirmation that Rais had sent both of them to her.

"Can't wait to see you in these," Linda said, reading the note over Rachel's shoulder. "Who is 'R'?"

Rachel was so furious that he thought it was okay to buy her things like this that she wanted to stomp her feet. How dare he treat her like a mistress!

"Just a jerk," Rachel replied angrily and shoved the envelope back into the box. She wanted to do the same with the dresses, but the expense of both made her treat the dresses with more care. "They are definitely going back."

"You're kidding, right?" Linda asked, watching her friend with amazement.

"I'm not kidding at all," she said and closed the box. "I'm not for sale!"

Linda walked out of the office, shaking her head at Rachel's attitude. "If you don't want the guy, let him know that I'm definitely for sale for those kinds of gifts."

Rachel barely heard her. She was too busy digging her cell phone out of her purse and dialing the phone number Rais had given to her. Unfortunately, the call went to his voice mail and she had to ignore the shiver of excitement that tore through her when she heard his deep voice telling her to leave a message.

"Rais, I refuse to be treated like this!" she said as her message. "I'm sending them back and please don't ever do that again!"

She ended the call and tried to hold back the tears. She packed up the boxes then picked them both up as well as her purse. She stormed out of the office with the dresses in her arms telling Lenora that she was going out for lunch.

She was driving out of the parking garage when his call came back so she pulled over and took the call.

"What's wrong, beautiful?" he asked softly.

She squeezed her eyes closed as the humiliation washed over her. "Why did you do this?" she asked, her voice sounding funny even to her ears.

"Do what, love?"

She ignored the insincere endearment and focused on trying to see through the tears. "The dresses, Rais! Why did you buy me the dresses?"

"Ah," he replied, finally understanding. "I knew that you would be with me for the two events this weekend and I didn't want you to have to worry about spending your money on dresses when you are helping me. Was it so wrong to buy something beautiful for you?"

"Yes!" she stated emphatically.

"I don't understand, Rachel. But let's talk about it this weekend, okay? I have to go to another meeting."

"That's fine but I'll be wearing my own clothes."

He paused slightly with her declaration. "I would love to see you in the dresses I sent you. I picked them out myself."

That hurt and she squeezed her eyes shut, uncaring that her mascara would probably be a mess after this conversation. "I'm not for sale, Rais," she said softly.

"I never thought you were, Rachel."

"You can't buy me with expensive dresses."

"I wasn't trying to, honey. I just thought you would look pretty in those and I wanted to do something nice for you." He paused to let that sink in before he said, "Could you look at it slightly differently? I was thinking about you and wanted to show you. I chose those dresses out of several other options because I thought they were something you would like and would look lovely on you."

Put that way, it didn't sound so bad. It was even a nice sentiment. "Dammit Rais!"

He laughed softly. "Does that mean you're going to keep the dresses?"

"Not necessarily."

"Well, that's at least an improvement from sixty seconds ago," he replied dryly.

"You can't do this kind of stuff."

"Why not? It's my money and I want to spend it on you. What's the problem?"

She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Because it's just not fair. I can't do anything along these lines and I feel....like I owe you now."

"Don't even think like that, Rachel. You don't owe me anything. I just wanted you to know that I think you're as beautiful as the dresses. More so actually."

She dropped her head on the steering wheel. "You're incorrigible."

"I know. So will you wear them this weekend?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because they cost too much."

"Not for me," he came back.

She was silent for a long moment while she tried to come up with a response. "Rais..." she started to say but he interrupted her.

"Rachel, let's talk about this when I can see your face. I would love to see you in those dresses, or more specifically, I would love to take you out of those dresses, slowly and with a great attention to detail. But if you have something else you would like me to take off of you, I'm more than willing to compromise."

She was about to contradict him before he ended in that manner. It was so typical of him that she couldn't help but laugh despite her frustration with his high handed manner. "You're incorrigible," she came back.

"Yes, but you want me."

She laughed again and wiped her eyes. "I'm promising nothing."

"Promise me that you'll spend the weekend with me again."

"No. You deserve to wait and wonder after this stunt."

"Why is giving you a nice dress or two a stunt?"

She sighed and rolled her eyes at his obtuseness. "First of all, because you delivered those dresses to my office and now everyone is gossiping about me, probably assuming that I'm sleeping with a client."

"You are sleeping with a client," he came back.

"I have slept with a client, but that might not ever happen again."

His laugh was deep and sexy and she could just picture him leaning back against a big, leather chair like the one in his office at the main house, his feet propped up on his desk as he smiled that handsome smile of his that never failed to make her stomach quiver in anticipation. "I'd like to see you try and resist me now that you know what an incredible lover I am."

That comment caused her amusement to dissipate. It reminded her that this man had a great deal of experience and she hated the thought of him with other women. Especially the women she'd seen him with in the past because they all looked like her.

"Let's talk this weekend," she said, all humor gone from her tone.

"That sounds ominous. What just happened Rachel?" he asked, much more alert.

She sighed and shook her head. "Like you said, it's hard to talk when you're thousands of miles away," she replied.

He sighed as well. "Okay. I'll get there as soon as I can. But next weekend, we don't have any events, right?"

"You haven't scheduled anything," she replied cautiously. "Did you want something on the calendar?" She felt herself tensing, worried that she wouldn't see him if he didn't have a social obligation here. That didn't sit well with her, even though she'd just been upset about him and the women he had been with in the past, and those he most likely would be with in the future.

"I was thinking that maybe you could come out to visit me this time around. I would love to show you my home."

She laughed. "You mean your palace?"

"Whatever you want to call it. I only occupy a portion of the building in which I work. There's more than a residence here."

"But you're the ruler so most of it is reserved for your personal use, isn't it?"

He hesitated. "Why don't you come out next weekend and I can show you everything."

She thought about it for a moment, biting her lip nervously. "Rais..."

"Don't say no. Just think about it. We'll add it to the numerous other topics we need to discuss this weekend, okay?"

She released her lip and stared up at the roof of her car. This was a painfully complicated relationship. "Okay. I'll see you Friday."

"I'll be there as soon as I can."

"Okay. I lo...." She started to say something, then stopped herself, shocked at what she was about to say. "See you soon." She pressed the end button quickly, not sure if he'd caught her comment. She stared at her phone, wanting to text him and tell him that she hadn't been about to say 'love' but she didn't want to get into that.

A moment later, she received a text from him. All it said was, 'Back at you'. What did that mean? What was coming back to her? Was he teasing her about her almost 'love' comment or just about seeing her soon?

Her head fell back against the head rest again and she took a deep, calming breath.

Back up in her office, she sat down behind her desk and stared at all of her sticky notes. How was she supposed to focus when she knew she had sixteen thousand dollars worth of clothes in her car? She didn't have time to drive to her apartment and be back in time.

She looked around, feeling as if the office were different somehow. Was it just because of her phone call with Rais? Had his voice completely altered her perception of her reality?

She wasn't sure, but she had things to do, vendors to schedule and confirm. She didn't have time to dwell on her life right now.

"I hear someone has had a very interesting morning," Derrick commented as he strolled into her office. He looked around and noticed the small space with the older chairs. "Dear, since you have our biggest client, it seems as if you should also have a bigger office."

Rachel swallowed uncomfortably. She didn't feel as if she'd earned this promotion since she'd known Rais all her life. "I think I should be honest with you. Rais is a personal friend of my father's," she confessed. "That's why I have these parties."

Derrick waited another moment, then shrugged. "And?"

Rachel leaned forward, confused by his calm demeanor. "And, I haven't earned a bigger office, Derrick. I'm not as experienced and I feel as if I've cheated."

He laughed and shook his head. "Dear, this business is all about making connections. Don't worry at all that you had a connection through your father. How do you think I started this business?" Rachel had no idea actually so he continued on. "I did all of my mother's parties. When her friends saw how nice everything looked, they asked me to do their parties. So in effect, you're doing almost exactly what I did. Go with it, flaunt it, honey!"

Rachel still felt awkward. "I suppose," she said non-committally. "Anyway, everything seems to be going well for Friday's party. This one is bigger but everything seems to be in place."

"And you're using my caterer this time?" he asked, his eyes admonishing her because he knew that she hadn't used his personal preference for last week's event.

She took a deep breath before replying, "Actually, I'm going with the same caterer. She's a personal friend of mine from college and even Rais complimented her on the food. She has a very creative mind and you won't believe what she has planned for this weekend." She handed him the menu and waited anxiously as he read through the details, her shoulders dropping with relief when his eyebrows shot up in surprise.

"That sounds heavenly! What's her name? And can I use her for other parties?" he asked.

Rachel laughed with relief at his approval. "Absolutely! I've already given her the dates for my current set of events so I have her booked, but I'm sure she'd love your business as well."

Derrick smiled and nodded his head. "Now....about these dresses that arrived today."

Rachel's shoulders went right back to tensing again, wary of where this conversation might go now. "Yes....the dresses."

"Spill it, dear."

"Rais sent them," she admitted, relieved to have it out in the open, but still concerned about what the dresses might imply.

"And why did he send dresses that cost so much?"

She bit her lip and looked across her desk warily. "Because he thought I would look pretty in them and he didn't want me to be embarrassed by the others who would be attending."

Derrick absorbed that explanation with narrowed eyes, nodding his head. After several moments of silence he asked, "Is there anything I should be concerned about?" he asked carefully.

Rachel thought about how to answer that. "Possibly," she admitted. "But I can't be sure." In her mind, she knew she was treading on dangerous ground but she wasn't sure how to explain to her boss that she was sleeping with a client. It wasn't against the rules, but in her mind, it didn't seem like it was a very ethical place to be either.

"Reading between the lines, I'm guessing you mean that you're in an intimate relationship with the man, correct?"

"Yes," she said honestly

"And you understand the tenuous position you're in?"

"More than you know."

He sighed and nodded his head several times, going over the issue in his mind. Finally, he looked up at her. "Here's how this will work. If you continue this relationship and it doesn't impact the business or your performance, then I know nothing about this issue."

Rachel was astonished. She was sure she'd be fired about now. "Why would you make an exception like this for me?" she asked as he stood up and started to walk out of her office.

He turned around and looked down at her. "Because you're not like the others, dear. If anyone else on my staff were sleeping with a client, it would most likely be because they were mercenary and trying to seal the deal on future business. That's just tacky," he explained with disdain. "It also means they aren't very good at their job because they needed to add incentives that aren't on our specialties list, shall we say?" He took a moment to laugh at his own joke. "But in your case, if you're sleeping with the guy, you're in love with him so it's not tacky, it's very sweet and romantic. And I sincerely hope that things go well for you." He was almost out the door when he stopped and turned back to her. "Just let me know as far in advance as possible if you're going to leave the firm for any reason, okay? You're a very good coordinator and it will be hard to replace you."

Rachel stared at the door, completely dumbfounded by his words. She had no idea how long she sat there staring at the empty doorway but her mind had a very hard time trying to wrap itself around the idea of being in love with Rais.

Was it possible? She dismissed it as ludicrous and turned to face her computer screen, but her eyes couldn't focus on what was in front of her. She was still mulling over the idea that she was in love with Rais.

They'd known each other for so long....but love?

That's crazy!

No, she told herself. She was merely infatuated with him just as she'd been starting at sixteen. She didn't love him, she told herself firmly. Love would mean caring and being emotionally invested. This was just an affair. He would get over her and....

She couldn't go on from that thought because it hurt too much. She pushed the idea of Rais moving on to another woman out of her mind and focused on the tasks she had to deal with right now. She had errands to do, vendors to check on. She had to visit each of the vendors this week to ensure that they were ready and able to get everything prepared on time and she didn't just assume that they were making their deadlines. She'd learned from past experiences to check up on them at intervals the week before the party. The flowers should already be at the florist by now, Lana should have most of the meal prepared except for the items that needed to be steamed fresh.

As she made her way to each of the vendors for Friday's event, she thought about what Derrick had said, her mind going over and over the possibility that she was in love with Rais. Thankfully, some of the vendors had some problems that she needed to deal with so it was a distracting day. In fact, there were several emergencies that cropped up that week, leaving her exhausted by the end of each day.

She checked her cell phone too, hoping that perhaps Rais might call her. She just wanted to talk to him, but she didn't make the call herself, knowing that he was a very busy man. However tired she was at the end of each day just trying to get a party together, he was probably pretty wiped out after having to deal with the problems of an entire country.

By Thursday afternoon, she knew that the party was going to be wonderful. All the issues had been dealt with, the ice sculpture was perfect and freezing, the food was delicious as expected, the flowers were ready to be transported and the tent was already constructed with the tables set up.

She'd refused to utilize the helicopter Rais had left at her disposal. She just couldn't get past the expense of the machine but she thought it was very nice that he'd offered it to her to save her time. The drive out to the farm wouldn't be too bad because she'd leave about three o'clock to inspect the site, then have dinner with her father and spend the night, driving back to her apartment in the early morning to avoid commuter traffic.

There was one thing bothering her though. All week, she kept feeling as if someone was watching her. She actually spotted a man leaning against a car one morning. He appeared to be reading a newspaper, but when she glanced back at him, he was looking right at her.

Wednesday, she saw another man sitting in a coffee shop outside of the floral shop she'd contracted for the event and by Thursday afternoon, she suspected that the same man from Tuesday was following her out to the farm for the final inspection. She'd visited with her father that evening, but left out the back exit of the farm to get home, just trying to be cautious. It was six o'clock when she got back on the road this morning and she was proud that she hadn't been followed.

She hadn't mentioned her suspicions to anyone. She hadn't wanted to worry her father and she was afraid Rais would take her off of the event if he knew someone might be following her. So she kept the issue to herself. By Thursday evening, she was feeling a little silly for being so paranoid, but couldn't shake the feeling that she was being followed.

When she drove into the parking garage at her apartment, she actually took the stairs to her floor. She'd seen a dark car parked on the opposite side of her parking space with a man in a dark coat sitting inside reading a newspaper. It looked odd because Rachel didn't think there was enough light in the dim garage to read the newspaper.

She was out of breath when she slipped into her apartment and peered through the peep hole, wondering if she could see anyone who might be trying to spy on her.

Was she being crazy? She glanced through the glass one more time, then sighed with relief when no one walked by. She sagged with relief, dropping her purse on the counter. She felt weird because normally she would have stopped by the lobby to get her mail but she'd avoided that area today, preferring to just hibernate in her apartment, wanting that odd feeling to go away.

"What's out there that is so interesting?" a deep voice asked.

Rachel screamed and jumped about a foot in the hair, her hands reaching out to steady herself as she looked for the voice. It was familiar, but Rais wasn't supposed to be back until tomorrow afternoon so it couldn't be him here tonight!

"Rachel?" Rais asked, coming out of the darkness towards her, turning on lights as he walked. "What's wrong?" he demanded, his dark eyes looking down at her with both anger and concern.

Rachel's hand went up to her chest as if to slow her racing heart. "Goodness! You scared me!" she grumbled, her body still in fight or flight mode and her head almost lightheaded. Adrenaline and no food were not a good combination she thought as she took a deep breath to try and calm herself.

"What are you doing here? And how did you get into my apartment?" she asked. She was excited to see him, but still jumpy because of the people she'd seen around the city.

He ignored her question and pulled her into his arms. She didn't fight it because he was strong and secure and he held her tightly, decreasing the shivering until it was only a mild irritation.

"What's going on? Why are you so scared?" he demanded, his arms tightening around her. His cell phone rang once and he answered it quickly, speaking into the phone in Arabic, just a few words before he ended the call and slid the phone back into his pocket.

"Oh, I'm just being silly," she said and leaned against him. Now that the scare was passing, she was overjoyed that he was here with her. "But what are you doing here? You weren't supposed to fly in until tomorrow."

He grinned down at her. "I canceled my meetings tomorrow, telling my advisors that I had priorities here. They all understood," he explained, leaving out that he'd told them that he was trying to convince this woman to marry him. They were all eager for him to be married, telling him it should have happened years ago.

He bent down and kissed her neck, feeling her shivers increase and smiled to himself because this was for a different reason. Not that he wasn't going to get down to the other reason, but she smelled too good right now, too distracting.

"I want to hear all about your week, but first, I need you naked and in my arms," he said as he lifted her up, tossing her legs in the air and carried her into her bedroom. He laid her down in the middle of her bed, then joined her, slipping her shoes off at the same time. "I missed you," he growled into her ear before biting it softly.

Rachel smiled and lifted her arms, wrapping them around his shoulders, feeling as if she'd just come home. And if that little voice nagged at her that she was becoming too involved, too excited to see him, she ignored it and kissed him back, showing him how much she missed him and how happy she was to have him back with her.

Chapter 6

"I have to go to work," she whispered, the dawn just starting to break over the horizon.

"No you don't," he countered and pulled her closer, nudging her back down to the mattress. "You need to stay right here with me."

She laughed, feeling her sore limbs reach out for him. "You're going to hate my bathroom," she told him when she slipped out from under his arm.

Rais let his head drop down onto the pillow, wondering what he could do to get her back into bed with him and forget about the day and their respective responsibilities. She looked sexy as hell as she pulled that silk robe over her naked body but he thought she looked even better on the bed next to him without it.

He sighed, knowing she was too responsible to lure back to bed. He didn't like the result, but he respected her work ethic. Rolling onto his back and stuffing pillows behind him, he watched as she walked out of the bedroom. He assumed she was stopping in the kitchen to make some coffee. At least he hoped she was. He could really use a cup and he had no idea how to get it other than her making it or him calling down to his guards to bring some up. And he didn't think she'd like it if he called his guards.

"Coffee is brewing," she said as she drifted back into the bedroom, only to disappear once again into the bathroom and closed the door.

He smiled lasciviously as he contemplated her disappearance. He really should be a gentleman and leave her to shower in peace. She'd probably finish much more quickly if he just stayed put.

In the end, he realized that he really wasn't much of a gentleman. Throwing off the comforter when he heard the shower start, he walked into the bathroom, completely unconcerned with his nakedness. He surprised her as she was rinsing her hair and jumped when she felt his hands on her waist. "You woke up too early," he explained, letting his hands slide up her slick body. "I thought I could help you out with your shower."

She thought about telling him to get out because she knew with absolute certainty that he would not help her in any way. But as soon as his hands slid along her skin, she was lost once again in his sensual spell. She couldn't believe how many times he'd brought her to a screaming orgasm last night, almost embarrassed and wondering if her neighbors had heard them. And now he wanted more? "You're insatiable," she gasped, but her arms were already winding around his neck, completely ready for another round with this man.

"Only for you," he said as he nipped her shoulder. He picked up the soap and lathered his hands before smoothing them all over her arms and back, making sure she was completely lathered. Along the way, he touched her everywhere, driving her insane with his hands and his touch.

When she tried to pull back, unable to take anymore, he reached outside of the shower, picked up the foil packet and sheathed himself in the condom. With a deft move, he lifted her into his arms and smiled when she automatically wrapped her legs around his waist. He slowly lowered her onto him, watching her face as he impaled her on his shaft. "You feel incredible," he groaned, turning to lean her shoulders against the tiles so he could clasp her hips. Lifting her up, then slowly lowering her down, he began the rhythm that never failed to get her started. As he increased the pace, he could feel her body tighten, clamp around him and he sped up, pushing her higher and higher. When she splintered apart, her climax took him right along with her and he just about tumbled both of them to the shower floor.

"Don't move," he ordered, his body still shuddering from her amazing body. "You're amazing," he said as he tried to regain his breathing.

She laughed, pushing the hair out of her eyes as she looked up at him. "I don't recall doing a great deal of work here in the past few minutes," she said, referring to the fact that he'd done all the heavy lifting. But she followed his command and stayed as still as possible.

"Can I put my legs down now?" she suggested, teasing him for maintaining their position.

He raised an eyebrow. "Are you saying you'd like to be able to walk on your own? Without my help?"

She laughed and rolled her eyes. "I'm not sure I can walk, but perhaps you'd like a bit of my weight taken off of your own legs?"

He nuzzled her neck, making her laugh. "Individuality is overrated."

She giggled once again but pushed against his shoulders. When he stepped back slightly, she lowered her legs to the shower floor, grateful for his arms that stayed around her to help her regain her balance which wasn't so easy after that episode.

When she finally had her balance, she stepped back, self-conscious suddenly. She grabbed the shampoo and used some in her hair, turning her back to him so he couldn't see her face

"You can't hide from me, you know." He said it softly, but there was a firmness in his voice that told her he wasn't going to let this thing go. "What happened to the smiling woman of moments ago?" he asked as he slid his hands into her hair to help her shampoo.

She sighed, bracing her hands against the sides of the shower stall. "She's very happy in the throes of passion but when that subsides, a self-consciousness emerges that is hard to ignore."

He laughed and pulled her against him. "So what can I do to help you get over this self-consciousness?"

She turned and looked over her shoulder. "Give me clothes?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Won't they get wet?"

She laughed and threw her washcloth at him. Missing of course and then he had to grab her around the waist. "Did you just toss this at me?" he asked with an evil tone.

Rachel couldn't help it. Playful Rais was just too new to her. They used to laugh and tease each other, but because she'd avoided him for so many years, she'd forgotten this side of him. "I don't think I did," she muffled, and then screamed out because he smacked her on the bottom, not hard but enough to sting and get her attention.

Her eyes widened and she looked up at him. "Did you just spank me?" she asked, not sure if she should be horrified or turned on.

He smiled smugly down at her. Before he responded, he grabbed her wrists in each of his hands. "I think I did. What are you going to do about it?" he challenged, his eyes alight with mischief.

She licked her lips and shook her head. "Why don't you let my hands go and I'll show you."

He laughed softly and shook his head. "I don't think that would be a very good idea. You threw your washcloth at me, madam. That's tantamount to treason in Dunari."

She shrugged but she was trying hard to smother her own laughter. "So what? I'm not afraid of you."

That answer caused his eyes to widen. "I think you should be afraid," he cautioned.

She tried to yank her hands free, but he had a very good grip on her hands. She thought quickly. "So are you going to condition my hair? Since you've already washed it, I mean."

He looked surprised by her apparent change of subject. "Condition?" he asked, stupefied by her request. He glanced down at the second bottle sitting next to the shampoo. "Is that it?" he asked and glanced back up at her.

"Yes," she replied, trying very hard to look innocent.

He put both of her hands in one of his before he reached down for the conditioner. He knew something was up, but he couldn't figure it out. He took the bottle and squeezed some into her hair. When he realized what he needed to do, that he would need both hands, he spun her around easily, pressed her back against the tiles and pinned her in place. "You're up to something," he said with his husky voice. "But for the life of me, I can't figure it out."

She continued to keep her face straight and all the amusement out of her eyes while he massaged her scalp with his hands once again. He was completely missing the point of the conditioner, but to win this battle, she was more than willing to sacrifice today. "MMmmm...that feels really good," she said, closing her eyes so he wouldn't see her intent. "And you know what's best?" she asked, rolling her head to the side.

"What?" he asked and she could hear the suspicion in his voice.

She opened her eyes and looked up at him with wide eyes, her smile growing slowly. She waited until he knew she was up to something before she said, "You're hands aren't going to be able to hold me now," she said and slipped out of his grasp and spraying the water right at him.

Unfortunately, she had severely underestimated her opponent. His hands might not be able to stop her, but his arms were incredibly strong and he had years of military training on his side. She only got away with the initial sting of success before he hand her flipped around and repined once again, using more of his legs than anything else. To make it worse, she was laughing so hard she couldn't put up a fight, or even hold him away from her as he held her in place and tickled her mercilessly, his fingers made more nimble by the conditioner that helped them slide over her skin.

"I give up!" she cried out, gasping for air. "I promise to behave!" she begged.

He stopped and looked down at her, one eyebrow raised in challenge. "Who says I want you to behave?"

Her surprise was only for a moment before she started laughing once again, charmed by this side of him that she'd missed so much.

"So what do you want?" she asked, not sure she actually wanted him to answer.

"Hmmm....that's a loaded question. I want you, naked, all weekend, in my bed without any interruptions."

Her smile grew broader as he finished his description and her whole body tingled with excitement. "Is that what will happen next weekend?"

He kissed her gently. "Hopefully it will happen this weekend as soon as tonight's event is finished."

"I thought you had that embassy thing tomorrow. Isn't that why you bought me the second dress?"

He sighed and leaned his head back. "I hate those parties. They are the most tedious few hours in existence." He brought his head down and looked at her with an intensity that had her gasping for breath. "But you'll be there tomorrow and I don't have to let you out of bed after that, right?"

She couldn't help but agree, nodding her head enthusiastically. "Well, except for riding," she clarified.

"Okay, one ride."

"And maybe dinner with my dad?" she asked.

He sighed. "Lunch!" he contradicted.

"Deal."

"And you're naked the entire rest of the weekend," he commanded.

She sighed and tilted her head to the side as if considering his request.

Before she could say anything, he grabbed her by the waist and lifted her up, twisting so he could rinse out her hair. "You act like this is up for debate, my beauty. It isn't." He lifted his arms and moved her hair around so the conditioner would rinse out.

"So I'm to be restrained if I don't obey?" she asked, lifting her eyebrows as he shut off the water.

He stilled, a wolfish grin spreading across his face. "I think you are a brilliant woman." He lifted her once again, carrying her out of the shower stall and setting her down on the soft carpet. He grabbed a towel and gently dried her off.

"I think I might have stumbled into something out of my league," she replied, putting her hand on his head to balance herself.

"Ah, but you won't know until I have you completely at my mercy."

He stood up and looked down at her with that special intensity that never failed to melt her bones. She reached up her hand, touching him gently on the cheek with her fingertips. "Does that mean you'll be at my mercy?" she asked softly, bending her knee slightly so she could lean against him, the towel hanging uselessly by his side. She should feel cold with the cooler air from her apartment hitting her wet skin. But with Rais looking at her with that kind of promise in his eyes, she felt nothing but heat, feeling almost uncomfortably warm.

"Absolutely," he almost whispered, pulling her close and kissing her gently.

When he released her, she almost skipped into her bedroom to dress, feeling as if her world was perfect now that he had come back here early. The whole 'love' and 'end of relationship' issues were not going to intrude for the next seventy-two hours, she told herself firmly.

She glanced at the clock as she pulled on her slacks and a silk blouse. "What are you doing today?" she asked, her mind already going through her own schedule. She had last minute inspections at his house and was going out to supervise all of the last minute setups. Everything needed to be finished and in place by five o'clock, she'd told everyone so she could go to her father's place and get herself ready.

"I have meetings downtown," he commented, walking to her closet and pulling out a suit. He winked at her as she blinked at his use of her space.

She was so surprised, and that silly, bubbly feeling in her stomach started up again as she thought of how domestic the two of them seemed to be right now. Waking up, showering, getting dressed...it was nice, she thought.

"Coffee?" she asked and added a bit of mascara to her lashes, then tossed all her makeup into a bag to take with her for the night.

"Please. Are you ready to go?" he asked, coming out of her bedroom after her, straightening his tie which he'd just knotted into a perfect knot.

She looked around, glancing at the boxes that she'd set on the sofa earlier. "I think so," she replied warily.

"What are you wearing?" he asked, noting the boxes and her nervous glance back to him.

She bit her lip, trying to make up her mind. "I'll wear the black lace tonight," she said softly and was rewarded by his triumphant grin.

"Does this mean I can send you other presents and you'll accept them more easily?"

"No!" she replied firmly, shaking her head. Give him and inch and he would take a mile, she thought with exasperation.

"Why not? If it gives me pleasure, would you deny me that?"

She laughed as she poured him a cup of coffee into a travel mug. "I think you get too much pleasure as it is," she replied, refusing to give in on this issue.

He accepted the coffee but blocked her way. "You know, you're going to have to give in on some of the things I give you."

She laughed and leaned back against her counter, holding her own coffee out to the side. "And why would I do that? I think I prefer keeping you on your toes."

He leaned forward, forcing her to lean back slightly. "I will win this one, Rachel. You will eventually be dressed only in the clothes I have bought for you and draped in jewels that I have given you. And you will love every moment of it."

"Will I?" she asked sarcastically. "I don't think so. I prefer being independent."

He looked down at her carefully, trying to calculate a way to get her to give in to his preferences. "And what if you were in a position in my government that would require you to be dressed in a certain way?"

She considered that carefully. "First of all, I wouldn't accept a position in your government," she replied. "That wouldn't be very ethical. I'm already having a problem because we're lovers and you're also a client. My boss is concerned as well," she said as a side issue. "But regardless of that, I wouldn't feel comfortable accepting gifts from a man."

He grinned as if he had a secret. "You're going to get over that pretty quickly." He took her hand and lifted it to his mouth to kiss her knuckles. "Your helicopter awaits," he said and pulled her out the door. "I heard that you weren't utilizing that this past week. Would you explain why?"

She grabbed her purse, her notes and the bag she'd been packing all week in preparation for this weekend. "I need those boxes," she said, pulling against his hand.

He opened the door and took her bag off of her shoulder, handing it to a man who was already standing outside of her apartment door.

Rachel glanced back, grabbing the bag because she thought it was falling off of her shoulder. When she saw the strange man with the dark, bulky suit, she stumbled slightly, only catching herself when she quickly put her foot behind her. The man looked vaguely familiar but she was late and had to grab the boxes.

"Gerard will get that, Rachel," Rais admonished patiently.

She glanced up at him, at the guard then back to Rais. "I don't..."

"Come along," he said and took her hand once again. The guard waited until they were out the door before entering the apartment to pick up the boxes. A moment later, he had the boxes in his arms and was following both of them down the hallway.

The only uncomfortable moment was when she passed by her neighbor's door just as the older woman was also leaving her own apartment. The woman glared at Rachel, then up to Rais before sniffing and shaking her head.

Rachel was mortified, completely understanding that the woman was irritated because of all the noise she and Rais had made overnight. The apartments weren't the best in the city and the walls weren't very thick. She'd suspected that their nocturnal activities had been overheard but having evidence of it so blatantly in front of her was unnerving and embarrassing.

"What was all that about?" Rais asked when they were in the elevators alone.

"That's Margaret. She has two kids and shares a wall with me."

He immediately understood and almost laughed. "And I suppose she didn't get very much sleep last night either, eh?"

Rachel wanted to punch his arm, but she refrained since his body guard was in front of the two of them. "I think her look explained that her REM sleep was deeply disturbed."

He led her outside into the sunshine and Rachel blinked before she got her sunglasses in place. When she did, she looked around, then stopped in her tracks. The two men she'd seen throughout the week were standing beside a long, black limousine. She stopped and looked at the two of them, pulling on Rais' hand. "Don't get in the car, Rais," she whispered and pulled him closer, stepping in front of him as if to guard her.

The two men looked at each other, then back to her. Rais was pulling her to his side, trying to understand. "What's wrong, Rachel?" he asked softly.

Since he was trying to pull her to his side, she plastered herself against him, terrified that these men were out to hurt him. "Those men," she whispered, "I've seen them before."

He looked at the two men who heard her despite her whisper. "Of course you've seen them," he said gently. "They have been watching out for your safety while I've been gone."

She blinked and looked up at him. "My safety?" she squeaked.

"Yes. They're your personal body guards."

She looked back at them, surveying the bulges under their dark suits. "Are they armed?" she asked, terrified of what those bulges might mean.

"Of course they are," he laughed softly, his arm wrapping around her. "Get in the car and let's talk."

She sensed that he was both amused and irritated, but for the life of her, she couldn't figure out why. She was furious with him. How could he have put some thugs on her, trailing her all over the city and countryside, without telling her!

She slipped into the back, still watching the two men warily. She held her tongue until the door was closed but as soon as they were alone again, she let him have it. "What do you mean they have been assigned to me? I didn't consent to being guarded. And do you have any idea how terrifying it is to be followed and not know why? Those men weren't very subtle in their guardianship, or whatever it is that you call it."

An eyebrow went up with her diatribe and he leaned back. "I had no idea that you were aware of their protection. They were supposed to be around, but as inconspicuous as possible."

She stared at him as if he'd lost his mind. "You arranged for someone to follow me and didn't bother to mention anything to me? Why would you do that?"

Rais sighed and rubbed his hand over his face. He knew that Rachel was really upset about this and he wasn't sure how to appease her without telling her of his plans for her. "I need to make sure you are safe, Rachel. And I'm sorry for not telling you. I thought if you knew about the guards, you would be angry with me."

His apology went a long way to easing her anger, but it was still difficult to get over the fact that he had done something behind her back. She looked out the window, watching as the city traffic whizzed by outside. "Why do I need protection? Why aren't they out there guarding you?"

Rais considered the possible answers he could give her. In the end, he was as honest as he could be. "My enemies are dangerous, Rachel. They would use you to get to me."

She rolled her eyes. "I'm no one, Rais. When it comes to international politics, I really don't count. Call off the men, please."

He sighed and shook his head, knowing this was going to cause problems. But she was to be protected at all costs. "I can't do that." He put a finger over her lips to stop her next argument as well. "By the way, when you perceive a threat, you damn well better not try and get in front of me. That's what my guards are for. You get behind me or them. Understand?"

"What are you talking about?" she asked, her eyes curious as she tried to grasp his meaning.

"Back at your apartment building," he clarified. "You were nervous about the strange men and you stepped in front of me. Don't ever do that again."

She gritted her teeth, not sure why he was being so obstinate about that.

He noticed her stubborn expression and shook his head. "I will not allow someone to hurt you because you're trying to protect me."

She crossed her arms over her chest, her chin jutting out rebelliously. "So..."

"No arguments, Rachel," he said sternly. "Let my men do their jobs."

She wasn't sure what to say about that, but since they'd arrived at the building with the heliport, she didn't have a chance to argue with him. But what was she supposed to say? That she wouldn't let anything happen to him? That she loved him too much to lose him?

He didn't want to hear things like that. He was the kind of man who wanted to be free, to pursue the next woman. She hated that, but she couldn't think of losing him to someone trying to hurt him either.

Chapter 7

Rachel walked into the stables, her booted heels almost silent on the dirt and straw that softened the paths for the horses. The previous weekend had been idyllic and she was excited about seeing him this weekend. They'd spent all weekend in each other's company, laughing and talking, spending time with her father and just being close. She knew she was in trouble, knew that she was in love with Rais.

A silly love song was going through her mind and she wanted to surprise Rais tonight. She wanted to see him, to feel his hands on her tonight. She'd missed him last night, felt lonely as she woke up alone in her cold bed without him. Their plans for her going to Dunari this weekend were changed because he had a meeting with the President but that meant he was still coming here this weekend and she would get to see him throughout the whole three days without any other social obligations.

She couldn't believe how much better she felt now that her fear of intimacy was gone, not to mention feeling so much love for Rais. She couldn't believe she could feel so much for one person. She loved her dad, but this was a completely different feeling. She wanted to be with Rais all the time, to make him laugh and get him to relax more, to listen to his problems and see what she could do to help him. She wanted to curl up on his lap and talk about her own problems, touch his skin and explore his body.

She'd never felt that way about any other man before. But then, she'd probably always been in love with Rais. It had started off as friendship when she'd been a child, but as she'd grown older, it had blossomed into something more, something deeper. She just hadn't admitted it until now.

It was dark outside by this time of the night but the lights inside the stables were warm and inviting. She stopped by to say hello to Dolce and give her an apple, then moved on down to greet her father before she headed up to the main house to find Rais. She didn't want her father to find out that she was serious about Rais from someone else.

The light was on in his office and she smiled, wanting to surprise him as well. He'd been delighted to see her out here more often and she suspected that he was aware of her feelings for Rais, but had kept silent.

"Why don't we just head into one of the stalls," Rachel heard someone say from inside her father's office.

Rachel stopped, her feet frozen in place as she tried to recognize the feminine voice. Was her father involved with another woman? It was about time, she thought with excitement, and a little bit of trepidation. They'd been alone for so long, she wasn't sure how she felt about her dad dating, but she wanted him to be happy.

"I'm busy, Lila. Why don't you come back another time?"

That wasn't her father's voice! She stepped back, wondering why Rais was talking with another woman. And what was her name? She recognized it, but couldn't put a face to the voice. Where had she heard that voice before?

"Oh, come on, darling. We always have so much fun together."

Rais looked down at the woman with long dark hair and too much makeup. What had he seen in this woman before? She wasn't anything like Rachel, but then again, neither had any of the other women he'd dated over the last decade. He'd tried to find a substitute, but none had matched the real thing. Rachel was light and beauty, laughter and desire so strong he couldn't believe he'd settled for pale substitutes instead of the real thing. She was so much more in all ways than these women.

"Lila, I have work to do," he said, trying to be kind, but wanting to get rid of her. He was thinking that he could get his pilot out here and be in Rachel's bed in less than forty-five minutes if he moved quickly. He'd have to check with her to make sure she was free since he'd arrived a day earlier than he'd anticipated. She might need to work tonight and he didn't want to do anything to interfere.

Of course, when they married, she wouldn't have these issues unless she wanted them. He smiled just thinking about Rachel in his home, in his bed back in Dunari. His body actually hardened at the idea of Rachel growing large with their children. Damn he wanted her! For life and not just for a short affair. He had no idea what Rachel had in mind, but he'd talk with her about it as soon as he saw her again. He wanted things settled between them and no more of this temporary, weekend stuff they'd been having together. He wanted her all the time, by his side and at his table as well as in his bed at night.

"I love the way you respond so willingly," Lila purred, feeling his response and happily assuming it was because of her suggestion.

Rais looked up, not sure what the woman was talking about. Then he noticed the way she was looking down and he quickly shook his head as she approached him. "This isn't what you..." he stopped when she pressed her body against him, plastering her glossy lips over his.

Rachel felt like someone had just stabbed her in the stomach. Seeing Rais with another woman in his arms, with her lips on his and her body pressing against his hard one just the way she wanted to do, the way she'd been anticipating doing with him only moments ago, felt like the most brutal betrayal she could imagine.

It was also at that moment that Rais looked up from the woman in his arms to spy her in the doorway. The first moment she'd spotted the two in each other's arms, she wanted to just hide, pretend like she hadn't seen anything. But that wasn't an option now.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, fighting the tears that sprang to her eyes almost instantly. "I should have knocked." She stepped back out of her dad's office and closed the door. She looked to the right and the left, not really sure what she could do to escape. She knew she just needed to get out of there as fast as possible. She turned to the left, heading for her car. She couldn't even stop by her father's cottage to say hello to him, just needing to get away from Rais and his house and everything about him right now.

"Rachel wait!" she heard Rais call out to her. His voice spurred her on and she sprinted down the center of the stables towards her car. She couldn't see him, didn't want to hear his explanations. If he was even going to offer one.

She'd known going into this relationship that Rais wasn't a man who stayed with one woman. She'd seen him with so many women over the years and she'd ignored the warning signs. Rais loved women. He was a consummate lover and competitor who played to win.

She rushed out, digging her keys out of her pocket and pressing the remote to unlock her car door. She heard solid footsteps behind her and made her feet move faster. The tears were blinding her though and she stumbled on something. Thankfully she was able to recover and reach her car. She dove inside just as Rais reached her but she locked the doors before he could open it. She started the engine and drove off, unconcerned that he saw her tears, knew how hurt she was. She was beyond trying to hide from him now. He'd broken down every single defense she had, and even some she hadn't been aware she'd built up and now she had nothing.

She sped away, uncaring about anything but putting space between herself and Rais. The woman in her dad's office even looked like her! Her long, dark hair was styled similarly, but not exactly like hers and she was the same height and about the same weight. The other woman had larger breasts though. Was that what he wanted in a woman? She hated him so much, but she was disgusted with herself just as much for trusting him, for believing in the fairy tale, especially with a man like Rais.

She'd known better! She'd told herself over and over that he wasn't the man for her. That he wasn't the man for any woman who wanted a monogamous relationship. He didn't have it in him, she thought.

Why had she even started dreaming about a future with him? That just made everything hurt even more. She'd believed him when he said those sweet, delicious words. She'd stupidly translated those into words of love and commitment.

Well, now she knew better. It was a hard lesson to learn but at least she'd figured it out.

She drove down the highway, surprised at how many people were traveling on Interstate 66 at this time of the night. She glanced at the clock on her dashboard and was surprised to find that it was only seven-thirty in the evening. Somehow, with everything that had happened, she thought it was later. So much had happened in the last thirty minutes. She'd only arrived at Rais' farm at seven o'clock after getting off of work at five o'clock. On the drive out, traffic had been heavy but she hadn't cared, too excited at the prospect of seeing Rais, maybe having dinner with him and...yes, she had wanted to spend the night with him. She hadn't even cared that her father would have known about it. She wasn't sure she could stand the questions if he found out about this huge mess.

The tears were so heavy with that thought, she could barely see so she pulled off of the highway, not wanting to hurt anyone because she couldn't drive properly. She pulled into a coffee shop and parked, taking deep breaths to try and calm herself down. She just needed a cup of tea, she told herself.

She looked in her rearview mirror, dabbed some powder onto her red cheeks, added a touch of lipstick, then felt at least presentable.

Inside, she ordered her tea and ignored the odd looks from the woman behind the counter. She took her cardboard cup and found an empty chair in the corner, wanting to just curl up and hide. But she'd been doing that for years. Ever since she was eighteen years old and knew that her feelings for Rais were deeper than just friendship, she'd hidden from him. Deep down, she guessed she knew this kind of thing might happen. Sure enough, as soon as Rais discovered her, he came after her with all of that charm and confidence, that maleness that just lured women towards him.

The tea was too hot to drink but it felt warm in her hands and helped the numbness that was slowly taking over. She supposed that was the body's way of avoiding the crippling pain. If she couldn't feel anything, she wouldn't hurt so badly.

The tears were falling, but since she wasn't driving, she wasn't trying to focus so she wasn't aware of the tears. They fell on her hand and her cup, onto her sweater and melted into the fabric to disappear. Every time she thought of Rais, her mind jumped back to him in that other woman's arms. When he'd pulled back from her kiss, there had been her red lipstick on his mouth and he'd looked horrible. She wanted to hate him, but it hurt too much to think about him right now. Just sip the tea, she told herself. Don't think about Rais, or the other woman. Don't think about the future or the past, or anything. Just take each moment separately.

With a sob, she realized that she couldn't even lose herself in work right now because her only client was Rais. He'd hijacked her career and, until now, she hadn't cared because it had been nice to just be around him. She'd been happy organizing his parties and acting as his hostess. She'd been proud of the work he was accomplishing during those events and had been excited that they'd gone off so well.

She couldn't go back to work, she thought sadly. She didn't have anything to do now. For the past several weeks, her whole life had revolved around Rais. She'd have to quit her job, find another one within the industry because Derrick would be furious that she wouldn't work with Rais any longer. He'd even be angry that she'd become personally involved with a client, which was a big no-no in the industry and for Derrick's employees especially. He'd told her what would happen so nothing was a surprise.

She'd broken so many rules, she couldn't even count them, she realized. She'd just been happily going about her life, pretending that things would all work out in the end. And they hadn't.

She picked up her tea and carried it back to her car. She started to unlock the door so she could drive to her apartment, but she hesitated. Did she really want to go back to her apartment? Sleep in the bed where she and Rais had made love? Could she do it?

No, she thought with a pain that shot through her body. She didn't want to see her apartment just yet. She couldn't do it. She pulled open the door and considered her options. It was a Friday night, where could she go?

She drove down the street a ways and found a hotel. She parked in the lot, picked up her lukewarm tea and walked into the lobby. She wasn't even sure about the name, just walked up to the desk clerk and asked for a room.

The man behind the counter must have seen something on her face because he didn't ask any questions, just quickly clicked on his computer and brought up a room. Within moments, her credit card had been charged and a plastic key card handed to her.

"Do you need help with your luggage?" he asked gently.

Rachel only shook her head and bit her lip so she wouldn't start crying again. "Thank you," she whispered.

She took the key and followed the man's instructions, going to the elevator and the fifteenth floor. Inside the room, she didn't even turn on the lights. She simply curled up in the overstuffed chair by the window and let the tears flow down her cheeks once again. This time, she didn't even try to stop them, allowing them to just flow as they came.

Rachel stared out at the night, watching the traffic flow on the major streets. She wasn't aware of the traffic slowing down, and then by the early hours of the morning, the traffic was almost non-existent. She wasn't aware of the planes taking off and landing at Reagan National Airport, and then by midnight they slowed to a halt as well. She didn't see any of it, her mind not even thinking. She cried, she went numb and cried some more. When the sun rose over the horizon, she blinked and cried some more.

She ordered room service, asking for coffee to be delivered to her room. When she couldn't sit on the chair anymore, she showered, but putting her clothes back on again wasn't the most pleasant feeling. She didn't have an alternative though.

With a sigh, she picked up her purse and walked out into the hallway. She still didn't want to go home, wanting to avoid life for a little while longer. She was being a coward, but facing her apartment would hurt too much.

This wasn't what she signed up for, she thought as she unlocked her car and slipped into the driver's seat. She pulled her phone out and realized that it had run out of power. No wonder she hadn't heard it last night, she thought as she plugged it in and started her engine.

As she turned it on again, she glanced at the message indicator. She almost started crying again when she saw that there were fifteen messages from Rais. She couldn't listen to them now so she skipped through those. When she reached the end, she found several from her father as well. She dialed his number and waited, relieved when his voice mail picked up. She didn't want to talk to him right now, tired of crying and knowing that he would cause her to start up again with his gentle questions.

"Hi Dad, it's me. I just wanted you to know that I'm okay. I'm just....well, I'm okay," she said and pressed the end button before her voice cracked and he knew that she really wasn't okay.

She'd just pulled out of the parking lot when her phone rang again. She looked down at the screen and saw that it was Rais calling from his office, so she pressed the 'ignore' button and turned left.

She hadn't eaten since lunch yesterday, but she still wasn't hungry. She pulled up to a fast food restaurant and ordered another cup of coffee, then drove out again. She supposed she needed to head back to her apartment at least for a change of clothes.

Driving into her parking lot, she scanned the other cars, wondering if her dad or Rais might have come by to talk to her. But no one was around except for the familiar cars that were normally here.

She wasn't sure why Rais would try and talk to her anyway. He was probably relieved that she now knew the truth about their relationship. He didn't have to do the dirty work and tell her that he needed to move on. Riding up in the elevator, she wondered what she would have done if he'd been honest with her up front. If he'd told her that this would be just like his other relationships, would she have eventually fallen for his charms?

She wanted to think she wouldn't have, but she might have come to him anyway.

No, she wouldn't. She'd known for too long how she felt about Rais. He was the man she'd run away from at eighteen. He'd been the man she'd followed via the internet all through college, who had kept her away from her father during the summer months when she could have been working at the farm and hanging out with the horses, which is what she would have preferred doing. So no. If she'd known that she was one more brunette in a long line of similar looking women, she would have avoided his farm like the plague.

Rais snapped the phone off once again, furious that she wouldn't answer his call. Her father had just phoned him to let him know that she was okay and now he knew what she was feeling since she wouldn't take his call.

There was no way he was going to let her get away with that. He'd fought too hard for her, waited too long. And what they had with each other was special.

His fingers closed over the ring he'd bought two weeks ago. He should have put that ring on her finger the first night he'd gotten her into bed. He should have let her know exactly how he felt. If he had it to do all over again, he would have proposed the first time he saw her that night in her father's cottage.

Dammit! She should know how he felt! He might not have been explicit, but she should have read between the lines and known he was in love with her!

He couldn't lose her, he thought, panic starting to build up in his chest. He would get her back somehow.

His phone rang and he glanced down at the message. His head of security had locked in on the GPS within her cell phone. She was heading back to her apartment, finally!

He raced out of the house, calling to his pilot to get the bird going. Within minutes, he was airborne and flying across the city. He could land on a building about four blocks from her house. "Make sure there's a car outside the building waiting for me," he commanded to one of his guards who had been ordered to stay outside of her apartment in case she returned.

"Don't lose her!"

Twenty minutes later, he was landing on top of the building. He exited the helicopter, uncaring about his security guards who scampered to catch up with him. They were in the elevator with him but all he wanted was to get to Rachel and make her understand. His fingers once again closed around the engagement ring. He would have this ring on her finger within the hour! And she wouldn't ever have a reason to take it off.

The building manager had been warned that he was arriving and was waiting outside, ready to escort him into the building. Rais barely acknowledged the man's assistance, so determined to get to Rachel quickly.

At her door, he pounded against the steel door. "I know you're in there, Rachel. Let me in so we can talk."

Rachel heard his voice and her heart sank. She stared at her door, her stomach clenching and a sick feeling overwhelming her. She didn't answer, just stared at the door, wondering what to do.

"Rachel, I'm not leaving here until we talk. If you want to do it through the door, that's fine with me but do you really want your neighbors to know all about our business?" he asked loudly.

Her hands fisted by her sides and she almost growled out her frustration. She stomped to the door and opened it, glaring at him as he stepped inside her apartment.

"Thank you," he said ironically and walked past her. "Where were you last night?" he demanded as soon as her door was closed and they were alone together.

"None of your business."

"It is my business," he countered and moved closer to her. She took a step back and he stopped, but he didn't retreat. "What we have together isn't going away."

"It's already gone," she argued. "I told you before. I don't do casual sex."

He leaned in to her with a smile that wasn't at all humorous. "And I told you that wasn't what I wanted from you."

"But the other women? You'll do casual with them? I'm the only one that thinks she might be..." she stopped before she made a fool of herself. "Never mind."

"I won't. What were you going to say?" he asked and stepped forward. When she retreated this time, he came forward again. "I want to know what you thought we were doing."

She couldn't stop the tears, wanting him gone and out of her life so she could start to heal once again. "Just leave me alone. We don't have the same priorities in life. I can't meet your needs and you can't meet mine."

"You are everything I want in a woman!" he countered fiercely.

"Sure I am. I'm so wonderful and so fulfilling that you needed another chickybabe on the side, right?"

"She was coming after me, Rachel. I was not reciprocating."

"Is that why her lipstick was all over your mouth when I walked in?" She wiped angrily at the tears that she couldn't stop.

At the sight of her tears, and the red rimmed eyes, Rais felt like someone had just punched him in the gut hard. He hated seeing her like this, wanted to pull her into his arms and soothe the pain he knew she was feeling. Because he knew how he would feel if he ever saw her with another man like she'd found him last night. "Rachel, I know how it looks but you're wrong. I wasn't coming onto her. It was all on her side and if you had come in a few moments later, you would have seen me pushing her away. If you'd waited just a moment before entering, I would have told her that you are the woman I wanted."

"For now."

"Not for now!" he replied, softly, but with force. "I want you forever. I want to wake up next to you every morning for the rest of my life. I want to fall asleep with you curled up in my arms. I want you at my table and bearing our children together. I want you, Rachel. I've loved you for so long I can't even remember when my feelings for you changed from friendship and brotherly affection, to something significantly deeper."

She wanted so desperately to believe him but how could she? "Then why all the women over the years?"

"Because I was trying to replace you, Rachel," he came back. His voice wasn't yelling anymore. It was soft, confident and forceful. "They all looked like you because you were either too young for what I felt for you, or you were avoiding me. I didn't want to scare you when you were so young, but then you disappeared and wouldn't even come out to visit your father during the summers."

"Because I knew you'd be there."

"And you hated me for the women. But they were Rachel replacements."

She looked up at him, not sure if she liked the words he was telling her. "Why would you do that?"

"Because I loved you. I wanted you so badly and you were so timid, so scared and I'd known you for so long, even I didn't know what I was feeling for you until a few years ago."

"I don't believe you," she said, but the words were filled with the pain of yesterday's visions and not the heat of moments before.

"I know you don't, honey. And there's nothing I can do to convince you otherwise. You're just going to have to trust me."

She thought about that for a long moment, closing her eyes and squeezing them shut. "I don't know if I can trust you, Rais. I've seen you with women just like me too many times. And it hurts."

He sighed, but wouldn't relent. "I know that. But put yourself in my place. I wanted you so badly for so long."

"I am in your place. And I didn't go out and find other men who looked like you. I didn't sleep with a slew of men just to replace the one man I always wanted."

The surprise in his eyes and the smile that slowly grew on his face confused her. "That amuses you?" she asked, walking around him so that she was on the opposite side of the room. Since the room wasn't very big, there was maybe only one additional foot between them but anything was better than being trapped in the corner. "Get out!" she snapped at him.

The grin on his face increased and he shook his head. "I'm not going anywhere," he said softly.

Rachel instantly noticed that his voice had become husky, deeper somehow and she looked up at him worriedly. "I hate you," she whispered. If he wasn't going to leave, then she would. She couldn't stay here with him looking so arrogant. She just wanted out.

She walked back by him, trying to stay out of his reach but her apartment wasn't big enough. She was just about to reach for her purse and keys when he stopped her with the expedient method of grabbing her instead.

"Let me go," she sobbed, her fists pounding against his massive chest but it didn't do anything to stop him. "Why are you still here?"

"Because of what you just said."

She stopped trying to hurt him, mainly because her heart wasn't really into it and besides, it wasn't doing any good. The man was just too big, too strong and she couldn't break through that blasted confidence he carried around with him at all times. "Why?" she whispered, out of energy and anger. All that was left was the pain of his betrayal.

"You just said that you only wanted me."

She blinked and looked to the side, her whole body stiffening with the fear of what that accidental admission might mean to him. "So what?"

"You're the only woman I've wanted, for years."

She snorted and rolled her eyes. "That doesn't really hold up under the light of scrutiny, Rais."

He laughed and pulled her even closer, ignoring the stiffness that told him that she wanted him to leave her alone. He'd done that enough over the years. From now on, he was going to go with his feelings. "I love you."

Those simple words stilled her movements and she held her breath. "Don't say things like that," she finally gasped out.

"Why not? It's true. I've loved you for so long it's been almost painful at times. I've wanted you as my wife since you were sixteen years old. But you were too young and you needed to get out and enjoy your life, experience the world a bit."

She pulled back and looked up at him, startled by that admission. "You've loved me for eight years?"

He shrugged. "Probably longer than that. When you turned sixteen is when I understood what I was feeling for you was too strong for just a friendship."

"Why didn't you say something?" she demanded, her hands un-fisting and flattening against his chest. "Why did you wait so long?" She was crying again, but this was different. It wasn't necessarily happiness, but there was that, somewhere deep down underneath all the other emotions that were spiking through her mind at the moment.

"Because you were too young. What I was feeling wasn't appropriate."

"That summer...." She started to say, her mind focusing on her sixteenth birthday party with all of her friends around....he'd let her use the ballroom in his house for the event and they'd all been awestruck by the party. He'd been there, standing next to her dad.... "You were looking at me strangely that night," she said with a whisper.

He grimaced. "You were hanging onto that boy and it irritated the hell out of me."

She laughed and a tear slipped down again. "I saw you and thought you were the saddest man around. I was also angry with you for showing up at my party."

One eyebrow went up with that comment. "Angry? Why?"

She looked down, her fingers playing with the buttons on the front of his shirt. "Because you didn't ask me to dance."

His fingers clenched on her waist as he shook his head. "I couldn't Rachel. It wasn't right. You were too young." He sighed heavily as he continued, "And then you disappeared. Going off to college was okay. I wanted that for you and I was proud of all that you accomplished. But you didn't come back during the summers. Why did you work on those other farms?"

She bit her lower lip, wishing she could avoid telling him this but he was admitting so much, it was now her turn. "Because every time I saw you, you had another brunette on your arm and it hurt too much. I hated you those summers because there were so many women. It was horrible."

"By the time you turned eighteen, I'd had enough but you were gone. I couldn't get in touch with you and you apparently didn't want to have anything to do with me." He groaned. "Damn you were so beautiful whenever I caught a glimpse of you. I imagined you in the arms of so many men and it drove me crazy."

"There weren't any other men."

"I know that now," he said with a half smile. "But the past six years have been pretty horrible."

"I know how you feel," she said softly. "I hated you every time you brought another woman back to your house."

"I never brought them back, Rachel. They followed me and it was my only defense against telling your father that I wanted to marry you and drag you away so you could be my wife."

"Why didn't you?" she asked, her eyes showing him how much she would have wanted that.

"Because you were too young," he said, shaking her slightly. "You needed to experience life and find out what you wanted."

She was shaking her head. "I've always wanted you. That's why I had to leave, because I loved you so much and you just kept bringing those other women around. And they all looked like me."

"They looked like you because I was trying to replace you. I wanted you so badly but I knew I couldn't have you. But none of them measured up to the real thing."

She sighed and leaned her forehead on his chest. "I still don't like it."

"Then marry me," he said and reached into his pocket for the ring he'd been carrying around for weeks. "Marry me and become my wife, argue with me at every opportunity and let me fix the past six years that we've missed by not being with each other."

She stared at the ring, her breath caught in her throat as he slid the enormous ring onto her finger. It was heavy but it was also startlingly beautiful. "This is crazy," she said when she remembered to take another breath.

"Crazy good or crazy bad?" he teased, bending low so he could look at her face, trying to determine what was going on inside that beautiful head of hers.

She looked up at him, tears streaming down her face and he inhaled sharply, his thumb reaching out and catching one of those drops. "Don't, Rachel," he sighed and brought her closer. "Mary me and I promise you'll never have any reason to cry. Ever."

She laughed and hugged him closer. "Okay," was all she said.

Rais stilled, wondering if he'd heard her properly. "Was that a yes?" he demanded.

She laughed through her tears but nodded her head, or as much of a nod as she could with his arms holding her so closely.

With that nod, all of the tension from the past few days disappeared. He picked her up and spun her around, yelling with excitement and relief. "You'll never regret this decision," he said and held her face between his hands. "I promise, I'll love you so much you'll be begging for mercy," he promised her.

She couldn't help the giggle that escaped. "I'm already so happy."

He smiled down at her a moment before he lifted her up into his arms. "You have no idea."

She threw back her head and laughed even as her arms wrapped around his neck. "I'm sure you're going to show me," she said.

The salacious grin that crept over his handsome features made her stomach muscles clench in anticipation. "Oh, you have no idea."

