Chapter 1

The twig breaking to her left instantly alerted Sarila Tedrum. Her ears were on alert and she sat very still on the beach, trying to hear other sounds. She had been calmly watching the sunset for the past hour. Now it was almost completely dark with the smells of the night starting to creep up onto the beach.

The only thing she heard for several minutes was the waves crashing against the sand and the wind blowing her long, black hair off her shoulders and back.

Sarila hurriedly let the sand the sand sift through her fingers then dusted them off as she stood up, intending to head back to her apartment as quickly as possible. She didn't think she was in danger, but she didn't want to push her luck. It was dusk and the beach was basically deserted by now.

Another noise caught her attention, this time from the right. She bent down, trying to appear casual as she pretended to examine a shell. This second sound changed her feeling of unease to one of severe alarm. She could barely hear anything now because her heartbeat was pounding in her ears and the taste of fear rose in her mouth.

She told herself to calm down and concentrate. She couldn't let the fear take over or she was already through.

Sarila took a deep, calming breath and straightened, trying to figure out where the threat was now. As she rose, she saw a shadow off to the right and she took steps in the opposite direction. Her shoes were on the steps and her motorcycle was only a few more feet after that. If she could get to her shoes, she could then sprint to her motor cycle and get away.

Unfortunately the shadow was too close for her to make it to safety. Whoever it was, they were very large and they were moving with her, starting to close into a circle around her.

"Calm down," she told herself. "You know what to do."

Sarila moved cautiously and made sure to keep the shadow in her line of sight at all times. Her muscles tensed in preparation, she looked around and calculated the distance. Every nerve in her body was tingling with fear and anticipation of the fight. She worked her way closer to the shadow, hoping she appeared unconcerned and, even better, unaware, of the threat. Then, without warning, she reached out quickly, kicking hard with her heel, then spinning around at her waist and grabbing the man's hand, twisting it quickly behind his back. The man landed with a quiet thud onto the sand and oat grass. "What do you want?" she whispered, careful to not alert the others she'd heard a little farther off.

The man didn't move, nor did he speak to answer her question. She tightened her hold. "What are you doing here?" she demanded more forcefully.

A deep voice laughed softly behind her. "He will not answer you, nor will he defend himself, Princess," the voice said.

Sarila gasped as the voice moved closer. From the current distance, he was only a very large, very intimidating shadow but she knew that voice. It was from her past. A voice she swore she'd never have to listen to again. And it terrified her now more than the threat she'd been defending herself against only moments earlier.

"Who are you?" she called to the approaching shadow, not releasing her hold on the man who was still face down in the sand and weeds.

"Ah!" the voice said, feigning offense at her words. "You wound me, Sarila. I can't believe you don't remember me. I definitely remember you," the voice said, unquestionably closer now.

The words were teasing and that only confirmed her worst fears. "Kasar?" she gasped, not wanting him to validate that the voice belonged the man she'd been running from for the past six years. "What are you doing here?" she asked, wishing her voice didn't sound so scared and pathetic.

Sarila's world started spinning. She immediately stood up and stepped back from the man prone in the sand, her feet tripping over his legs but she didn't glance down to find out where safe ground was. Kasar was here. That meant nothing was safe anymore.

She watched more closely as the large form became larger still as he approached. His size was overwhelming and she was grateful when he stopped several feet away. Any closer and she would be craning her neck to look at his face, and that was a feeling she didn't really like to experience. Kasar was extremely tall and muscular and she told herself that she didn't like men that large or intimidating.

She could see his white teeth in the fading sunlight as he smiled and moved even closer. "I've come for you, of course."

She shook her head, too many awful scenarios screaming through her mind. She tried desperately to hide the fear in her voice but knew it was coming across despite her best efforts. "Why though? And how did you find me?"

The man laughed again and stepped closer. His eyes glanced down to the man slowly getting up off the ground.

Kasar didn't bother to answer her question as he arrogantly looked at her face, noting the long, black hair blowing in the soft breeze, lifting it and causing it to dance around her face and shoulders. Sarila's almond shaped eyes were a light, crystal blue and he could still see their color against her tanned face. They stood out against her high cheekbones that had developed in the six years since she'd been gone.

Sarila noted his examination and wondered if he was seeing the gawky, skinny teenager she'd been before leaving home, or if he was seeing the woman she was today. She'd had several people tell her she should be modeling so she assumed that they thought she was pretty although she didn't put much stock in appearances normally.

When he was done with his arrogant perusal of her features, he looked back at the man flexing his arm and dusting himself off. "You've done a number on my body guard. I'm impressed with your skills at self-defense. I don't remember martial arts being part of your curriculum."

Sarila glanced away, but only for a moment to see for herself that the man was okay. "No, there wouldn't have been a need for me to know how to defend myself back home, would there? I'd be surrounded by body guards, just as you are now," she said, almost to herself. She watched the body guard for another moment, knowing he was embarrassed that he had been taken down by a female. He stood up stiffly and walked quickly away, taking a new sentry post farther from her and Kasar. As soon as he stopped, Sarila noticed the other body guards. They were effectively forming a protective perimeter around Kasar, and probably herself.

Suddenly she was self-conscious of her attire. She was only wearing a white bikini, with a gauzy cover up tied loosely around her hips. Despite the fact that the bikini was relatively conservative compared to some of the others that might be seen on the beach during the day, there was still more skin showing than there was covered. Kasar took that moment to notice her attire as well.

His eyebrows shot up as he took in her bikini and voluptuous curves. "You've grown up in the past six years, Sarila. There is more to be impressed with than your fighting skills."

"Why are you here?" she asked again, crossing her arms over her stomach. She'd prefer to cover her breasts, but he'd know how much he affected her if she did that. Sarila didn't want to give him any more power than he already had. She could feel the intense magnetic pull toward him. Kasar was the ultimate female fantasy. He was incredibly tall with broad shoulders padded with obvious muscles. Add to his physical attributes were the ability to charm anyone, male or female and an intelligence that could create humor or shred a person to the core with a few well spoken words. It made him a very powerful leader for his country, but also a dangerous man for her peace of mind.

He raised one eyebrow as if the question were ridiculous. "For you, of course."

Those calmly spoken words terrified her but she wasn't going to give in to the fear. She lifted her chin defiantly and ignored the shivers that coursed down her spine. Giving in to the fear and anger would only debilitate her and she needed all her wits about her in order to get out of this situation. Taking a deep breath, she tried to appear calm and unconcerned. "How did you find me?"

His white teeth again flashed in the darkness and he laughed gently at her question. Reaching out, he took a lock of hair that was being carried with the wind and wrapped the silky strands around his finger gently. "Do you honestly believe there has been a single moment in the past six years that your location and protection has not been assured, Sarila?"

"I go by Sara now," she said defiantly, pulling her hair free of his clasp. Then his words hit her. Her blue eyes looked at his in the dusk, "Are you telling me that my parents, and you, have known where I have been all this time?"

She could barely make out his nod in the darkness. "Why does that shock you?"

Sarila sighed, feeling defeated. "Yes. I guess, in retrospect, it shouldn't but I had hoped that I was actually making my way by myself."

Kasar didn't like the shoulders that drooped on this proud beauty. He looked down at her dejected face and took pity on her pride. "I don't believe your parents have helped you in any way," he said kindly despite himself. "But you are the daughter to a Sultan. No man in your father's position, or a mother I suppose, would allow his daughter to roam the world without protection. Your father is the head diplomat for Abasar and a very powerful man in our kingdom. You could too easily be used as a weapon against your father."

Sarila noted that he didn't say against him as well. After all, she was only betrothed to him. Nothing really important, she reminded herself.

Straightening her shoulders so he couldn't see how his words affected her, she brushed her long hair over her shoulder. "Interesting, but irrelevant," she said and looked up at him. She couldn't see him clearly in the dim light on the beach, but she could see enough to know that he was still one of the most handsome men she'd ever encountered in her life. He was tall, well over six feet, she assumed, with broad shoulders, slim hips and the jet black hair of his ancestors. She imagined that his dark black eyes were just as piercing as they were the last time she saw him when she was eighteen.

"I can see you've grown up physically, but haven't matured much over the past six years," he said softly. Suddenly, all the softness was gone and he turned business-like. "Regardless, we have to talk. Please come with me and we'll discuss an important issue in private." He turned and immediately started walking up the beach, fully expecting her to follow his order.

Sarila braced herself before saying, "No, thank you."

Kasar stopped dead in his tracks and looked back at her. He was more surprised than angered by her defiance. No one, not even rulers of countries, had ever said no to him before. And yet, this tiny, beautiful woman with a figure made for a man's touch and soft, scared eyes, was telling him no. He almost smiled at her defiance. He didn't of course. Instead, he pierced her with his gaze, daring her to defy him again. "Sarila, please follow me back to the car," he repeated in a much softer, but much more menacing tone. "We have a great many issues to discuss. One of very obvious importance," he pointed out and immediately started walking toward the cars again.

Sarila ignored him as she reached down and pulled on her sneakers, trying to hide her shaking hands. "No, thank you, Kasar."

He was no longer amused but irritated that he'd had to come halfway around the world to find her and now she was challenging him as if he weren't her future ruler as well as her betrothed. The idea of her disobedience was outrageous in his mind. He turned around and faced her, suddenly losing patience. "So you are eager to be wed, are you?" he snapped. "That is fine with me. I'll have one of my guards put you in the car and we can be finished with this business," he said and signaled to the nearest body guard.

Sarila watched as the body guard immediately moved forward, ready to do the slightest bidding of Kasar.

She quickly backed up, looking for an escape route as the man with bulging biceps closed in on her. "No! What are you doing?"

"I told you. We must talk. If you don't wish to talk, then we must finish this business and be done with it."

"Fine!" she yelled when the man was less than five feet away from her. "If you want to talk, we can go back to my apartment. Its close; only about five blocks away. But we're not getting married," she said with more confidence than she felt as the man stopped in his tracks, waiting for a signal from Kasar before proceeding.

"My intentions exactly," he snapped and motioned for her to precede him.

Sarila finished pulling her shoes on, ignoring the resentment that almost choked her. This was one of the reasons she'd run away six years ago. She'd been determined that she would not be controlled by a man, especially this one. It was infuriating that he could so easily bend her to his will with simple brute strength and she thought quickly of a way to outmaneuver him.

An idea formed in her mind as she saw her motorcycle about a hundred feet away. Could she make it? Would he stop her?

She didn't care about the consequences if she didn't make it. She had to try. There was no way she would allow herself to be bound to him. It was a matter of personal pride and emotional survival.

Having made the decision, she calculated the distance. Two more steps, then she'd run.

One, two....taking a deep breath, Sarila palmed the key to her motorcycle and ran full out, her feet digging into the soft sand as she pushed herself harder and faster to get out of Kadar's reach. Her breathing was hard but she didn't look back, afraid that it might slow her down or scare her too much.

Ignoring the helmet strapped to the back and the yells behind her, she threw her leg over the machine, slid the key into the ignition and gunned the engine. As soon as the motor roared to life, she floored the accelerator, speeding off down the street and kicking up tiny pebbles in her wake. She heard someone yell behind her but she ignored it and sped off, her cover up skirt and her waist length black hair flaring out behind her.

She looked back as she turned the corner that would lead to her apartment. Kasar was standing on the beach, hands on his hips as he watched her ride away. His body guards weren't as calm though. As she turned the corner, she saw them all running toward the black, menacing SUV parked behind the limousine, hurrying to follow in her wake. She figured she had less than five minutes before they caught up with her. She increased the speed and drove the two miles back to her apartment.

Chapter 2

Once in the relative safety of her apartment complex, she sprinted up the stairs, her breathing coming hard and the panic slowly rising as the seconds ticked by. Grabbing a duffel bag, she crammed some clothes inside, not even caring what they were. Glancing at the clock, she ignored the rest of her clothes, ignoring the toiletries and makeup in her desperate need to escape. She only took another second to grab her purse which contained her wallet, then dashed back out the door.

Right into a solid brick wall in the form of Kasar.

"Oomph," she said inadvertently as she tried to regain her balance in the hallway.

Kasar ignored her gasp of fear and stared down at her. After a long moment, he walked forward, forcing her to back up through her door. His eyes looking down at her were furious and a muscle twitched on his jaw as he took a deep breath, obviously striving for patience. "That was very naughty of you, Sarila. Why the rush?"

Sarila backed up quickly, worried about being in his arms for two reasons. She was nervous because she'd run away and he was probably angry about that. She was more terrified of her reaction to his closeness. Despite her fear of him, her body reacted to his male scent. It was earthy with just a little spice. It invaded her nose and tempted her, as did the firm muscles underneath her hands.

Backing farther into the room so she wouldn't be touching him anymore, she searched for some way to calm him down while at the same time, wracking her brain for another escape route. There was no other alternative in her mind. This was the man she'd thought herself in love with as a teenager. He was half the reason she'd run away from her home and family after seeing him kissing another woman in the garden. Her jealousy had been so uncontrollable, she'd run from the garden crying.

Wringing her hands together and stumbling over furniture as she walked backwards into her apartment, she tried to reason with him or at least appeal to his mercy. "I can't marry you, Kasar. Please don't do this. I'd make you an awful wife," she said, walking carefully backwards with him matching her step for step. They were finally inside her apartment and he closed the door quietly.

He didn't stop until she backed up against a chair. She tried to slide to the left which would allow her to put more space between their bodies, but he trapped her by placing an arm on either side of her hips. Sarila glanced frantically around, desperate to get away from his heat, his intense gaze and, most of all, her overwhelming attraction to the man that even six years of separation had failed to diminish.

His eyes searched her face, noting the slight flush on her cheekbones. "What does a man do to control a woman, Sarila?" he asked softly.

Pushing her chin up, she refused to show him how scared she was. "You don't! Women are not pawns that are on this earth to do what you want them to whenever you snap your fingers!" Sarila could feel her whole body shaking and leaned farther back. But that position only drew his eyes downward as her breasts thrust forward. "They are human beings with minds of their own. Definitely not yours to control." The end was barely a whisper as he moved infinitesimally closer to her.

"You really are lovely," he said, his voice husky.

"Kasar, this is silly," she whispered, trying to ignore the magnetic pull of his body. "Let me go. You don't want me but I'm sure there are many women who would love your....attentions," she said breathlessly.

His response was a slow, sensuous smile and he looked down at her breasts. "A challenge, Sarila?" he asked, one eyebrow rising as he glanced at her hardened nipples through the thin, white material of her bikini top. "Are you trying to tell me that you are not one of those women who would love my...attentions? Have you ever known me to back away from a challenge?"

"Kasar, please don't do this," she begged, hating herself for doing so. "You know we shouldn't get married and this is just intimidation on your part."

"You think I'm trying to intimidate you?" he asked, amusement in his eyes.

"Yes," said shakily.

One finger slid down her bare arm and she shivered in reaction, goose bumps rising on her skin. "Ah, Sarila. You really don't know me very well, do you?"

Sarila shrunk back from his touch, wishing she could control her reaction to him. "No. Yet another reason we shouldn't get married," she pointed out.

He dropped his hand from her arm but his dark eyes didn't leave her face for a moment. "That's exactly what I wanted to discuss with you." He stood up and backed away a foot, allowing her to stand up and put some space between them. "Now, if you'll just sit down, we can talk like two rational adults. We have details to go over and I'm not going to chase you all over the country in order to do that."

Sarila fell onto a chair, the breath coming out of her in a whoosh. The ragged material of the chair was rough on her legs but somehow comforting since she was reminded that she'd bought this chair herself. If it happened to be at a yard sale, what did that matter? It had been her own money that she'd earned herself. Nothing in this room had been handed to her and she liked her life that way.

She was proud of what she'd accomplished since leaving the security of the palace in Abasar so many years ago. That pride was one thing that supported her, gave her courage in the face of his overwhelming presence. It wasn't a lot of courage, but anything was better than the debilitating fear she had been feeling a moment ago.

"I'm not marrying you," she said again, but this time it was a whisper, the fear of being carted off to Abasar and forced to marry was overwhelming her and she couldn't speak loudly at the moment.

Kasar took a seat in a high backed chair opposite her and nodded. "And I'd rather not marry you. You're life here in America seems to be completely inappropriate and counter to the culture and values to which we were both brought up." His eyes scanned her scantily clad figure as if her attire proved his point, then moved to her face and he watched the blush form on her high cheekbones before he continued. "But unfortunately, there is a betrothal contract that was signed by my parents and yours over twenty four years ago. Add to that the fact that my father is very sick and would like to hand over the throne but is not willing to do that until I am married, well...we have an issue, don't we?"

She stared at him blankly. "We do?" The only words that she heard were that he didn't want to marry her either. Sarila didn't like the ache his words created in her chest. That was silly, she told herself. She hated this man and had left the security and love of her family and created an image for herself of a completely unacceptable wife in order to escape marrying him. Why was she now upset that he felt the same way?

Kasar nodded. "Yes. We both need to extricate ourselves from this contract. I've spoken to my parents and yours and both are willing to break the contract if we find we are unable to suit each other. Since your lifestyle and values are no longer..." he paused to run his eyes down her bikini clad figure once again, "in agreement with my values, then I don't think we will have a problem convincing our parents that we are unsuited. Don't you agree?"

Sarila was confused. "You mean, you aren't trying to drag me back to be married?"

Kasar shook his head, "No. As tempting as you are, and believe me," he said, his eyes focusing on her voluptuous breasts, then sliding down to her slim hips through the sheer fabric of her cover up, "you're a beautiful woman. But I don't think a marriage between us would work anymore than you do."

Ignoring his blatant appreciation of her figure, she sat up a little straighter in the chair and crossed her hands over her lap in an effort to appear more cooperative. "Well, that's more like it. How do we stop it?"

He raised an eyebrow at her question. "Besides you thinking you can outrun you're father's reach?"

Sarila grimaced, "Don't remind me of that. I thought I'd been free all this time."

Kasar only smiled at her comment. "Our parents agreed to declare the agreement null and void after we return to Abasar together and show them that we are unable to make a marriage work."

Sarila gained hope for the first time in the last half hour. She stood up and started pacing the room, her mind already working on her plan to convince her parents. "Well, that's not so hard. It's only a seventeen hour flight to Abasar. I could meet you back there in a few weeks and this could all be resolved."

The look on Kadar's face spoke volumes. "I don't think you're grasping the situation."

Sarila held on to her temper. She would not show her anger despite his condescending attitude. She didn't mind it though. It made him far less attractive when he spoke to her this way. "Well, then how about if you explain the whole situation so I can make an adequate assessment of the options instead of simply assuming that you have told me everything," she said, turning to face him with a calm exterior. But inwardly, she was furious. It was only years of hard work that allowed her to hide her anger with him.

"I'll be taking you back to Abasar by ship. It will take approximately two weeks."

Sarila could see that there was more to it. "And who owns the ship?" she asked suspiciously.

"I do."

"Who else will be on the ship?"

"Are you saying that you don't want to be alone with me on the ship?"

"I'm saying that we don't like each other, so why spend two weeks confined to close quarters with no one else to talk to."

Kasar didn't smile. "We don't have a choice. I don't like it any better than you do."

Sarila shook her head. "There are always choices."

"Give me an alternative and I will endeavor to make it work. Believe me, I've tried to argue against this myself. But our parents are adamant that we try."

Sarila didn't like feeling caged in. "I don't answer to my parents. I'm sorry, you'll have to find an alternative."

The doorbell rang at that moment, interrupting the anger forming on Kadar's face.

Sarila looked at the clock on the wall and smiled. "That would be my date. If you'll excuse me," she said and walked to the door to answer it.

"Hi, Bobby!" Sarila said and hugged her friend. "I'm running late but if you give me five minutes, I'll be ready," she said. She noticed the wary look in Bobby's eyes when he glanced behind her. She knew that an introduction was unavoidable. "This is Kasar. He's just leaving," she said as an introduction to the two men. Without another word, she disappeared behind the only door in the tiny apartment.

Five minutes later, she reappeared dressed in a figure hugging white shirt, black skirt that flared with her every movement and high heeled black sandals that were little more than straps on her feet. She'd pulled her hair into a pony tail high on top of her head and applied a small amount of makeup that highlighted her almond shaped eyes, high cheekbones and full lips.

"Good night," she said to Kasar, not surprised to find him still in the apartment.

"Not goodnight, my dear," Kasar said, smiling as if he'd just learned a secret. "You're friend invited me to join you tonight. I'm afraid I couldn't resist one last night of dancing before we leave tomorrow."

Sarila gritted her teeth and counted to ten. "Since we aren't leaving together, you are, then there's no last night, is there?"

"We'll see," was all he would say and followed Bobby out of the apartment. Bobby was looking from one to the other, obviously confused. Only an idiot would be able to ignore the tension between Sarila and Kasar.

They walked down the rickety flight of stairs and Sarila started to unstrap the helmet from Bobby's motorcycle. "We're not driving tonight," Bobby said happily. "Kasar has offered the use of his limo for the night. For once, we'll arrive in style," he laughed, delighted with the arrangement. "Everyone will be jealous, won't they?" he said and dove into the back of the limousine.

Sarila only glared at Kasar before following her friend in. A life growing up in the palace taught her many things and she wasn't impressed with the trappings of material wealth.

They drove in silence the few blocks to the dance hall where she and Bobby had arranged to meet their friends. It was Friday night and Sarila and a group of ten friends met each week for a night of Latin dancing. Sarila loved dancing and had been attending these dances for the past two years religiously, forming a tightly knit group of friends who were equally enraptured with the dance scene in Los Angeles.

As soon as the limousine arrived, Sarila stepped out and was instantly surrounded by her friends. There were four females tonight and three men. "Where's Dan and Jim?" Sarila asked, counting their numbers and dreading the outcome. They were evenly paired tonight which meant that Kasar might try and dance with her.

"Never mind those two, tell us about the one behind you Sara," one of the females said, eyeing Kasar up and down his magnificent physique.

"Nancy, Julie and Cindy, this is Kasar. Kasar, these are my friends. Are we ready to go?" she asked and headed into the dance hall ahead of the rest of them.

The dance hall was actually a basement during the weekdays but on Friday night, it was transformed into an inexpensive night club, the walls throbbing with the beat of the Latin music. Sarila paid for her ticket and waited for the rest of the group to follow. Once everyone was inside, Sarila smiled at Bobby and they immediately moved onto the dance floor. She and Bobby danced well together but the group constantly changed partners. Sarila was able to avoid pairing up with Kasar for most of the evening.

Latin dancing was fun for Sarila because she got to step out of her normal shy self. For a few hours each week, she became someone else. She was able to forget her past and her strict upbringing and just enjoy the music. She and Jimmy moved to the beat. She spun and dipped, sashayed along with the music and the guidance of Jimmy or whoever her next partner was.

The joy of dancing with this group was that they were all friends and dancing with each other meant nothing more than having fun for the next few minutes. In other words, they were safe.

Within a few hours though, her luck wore out. She was just returning from the bathroom and all the other men were partnered with someone else. Kasar was on the sidelines and, if she didn't know better, it looked like he was waiting for her to come back. She smiled politely at him but moved in the opposite direction to get a bottle of water. She desperately wanted to dance again. In fact, the song currently playing was one of her favorites. It was faced paced and a thrill to keep up with the beat.

She got her bottle of water and downed half of it before she felt him close to her back. "Come dance with me," he said.

Sarila almost shook her head. But she'd seen him dancing with the others and wanted to see if he danced as well as it seemed.

She stepped into his arms and he immediately spun her, then shifted and spun again. Sarila's face lit up with joy at the dance he was putting her through. She loved the challenge of keeping up with his lead and following through with his moves. He definitely was an expert dancer.

The music rushed louder, faster and Sarila dipped and swayed, spinning inward, then outward, catching his hand at the last moment before he spun her right back into the circle of his arms, then dropping her back against his strong arms and sliding back up again sensuously. The music reached a crescendo and Sarila fell into step, countering each of his moves as it finally whipped to an ending.

She found herself plastered against his strong body, looking deeply into his dark, piercing eyes. Her breathing was ragged from the work out but she noticed that he was perfectly in control.

Still holding her against, him he said, "You're a good dancer, Sarila. Yet another skill that I don't remember being a part of your schooling in Abasar."

His voice was husky and Sarila was secretly thrilled that he was affected just as much as she was. Unable to hold his gaze, she looked down, then away. "Thank you. And no, dancing wasn't permitted six years ago. Pity, wouldn't you say?"

Kasar didn't reply. He simply raised one eyebrow sardonically.

Sarila moved off to dance with Bobby again and ignored the small pang of jealousy when Cindy danced beautifully with Kasar. She avoided him for the rest of the night and would have continued dancing in order to avoid going home with him if the dance hall hadn't closed down for the night.

By the time they all said goodbye, Sarila was exhausted. She had an early morning class tomorrow and she knew she should get to sleep. Her students wouldn't tolerate any kind of sleepiness.

"You look tired, Sarila," Kasar said and wrapped his arm around her waist. She allowed the casual touch only because she was too tired to avoid it. Besides, it felt nice to have someone to lean on tonight. All her friends had left a few minutes ago, including Bobby who had gotten a ride home with Jimmy.

The smooth ride of the limousine combined with the darkness relaxed Sarila even more. Within moments of the door closing, she was fast asleep, her head leaning on Kadar's shoulder as the limousine drove through the now quiet streets of Los Angeles toward her apartment.

They arrived in her parking lot and Sarila didn't move. Kasar looked at the sleeping face and wondered what kind of woman she really was. He wasn't expecting her, that was for sure. His body had not been prepared for her incredible beauty or the innocence in her eyes. Her actions contradicted her expression though. No woman could dance like she did and remain innocent. A man could only take so much enticement before falling victim to her charms. He'd seen the looks her friends gave her when she wasn't looking. He wondered how many of them had tasted her soft lips and experienced her luscious body.

Kasar ignored the stab of anger that thought provoked. This was not a woman a man should become possessive of. She was beautiful, definitely. But she'd been living in America for too long for him to expect she was still innocent. No one with her looks and figure could possibly remain so for long.

The back door of the limousine opened and he spoke her name softly in an effort to wake her up. But she didn't even stir. With a sigh, he lifted her into his arms and carried her out of the car and up the flight of stairs. He was pleased to note that she curled into his arms, almost purring like a kitten. Another guard followed him and unlocked her door. He entered her apartment and easily found her bedroom in the darkness since it was the only other room available.

He took off her sandals but went no further. Pulling the blanket over her sleeping form, he looked down at her relaxed face in the semi darkness. She really was a beauty, he thought to himself. But it wasn't just physical beauty. There was something about her, something he couldn't quite define, that attracted him to her.

With a sigh, he left the bedroom and walked out of her apartment. He studied the flimsy lock on her door and, in Arabic, he ordered the guard to stand sentry at her door to protect her. The man didn't even blink. He simply turned his back to the door and settled in for the night, prepared to stand there all evening until someone came to relieve him in the morning. "Don't let her see you though," Kasar said as he went down the stairway, but he wasn't sure why.

Chapter 3

Sarila woke the next morning and rolled onto her stomach, enjoying the feeling of the soft blanket on her skin, stretching to ease sore muscles. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked out at another bright sunny day.

Then memories of the previous evening came flooding back to her and she groaned. "What am I going to do?" she whispered, staring at the ceiling.

"The kids!" she said suddenly and sat straight up in bed. She glanced over at the clock and noted the time. She wasn't as late as she thought but she'd have to hurry. Sarila showered and changed into a pair of jeans and a white tee-shirt. She tucked the shirt into her jeans, slid on some shoes, and then grabbed her bag of instruments.

Within minutes, she'd strapped the bag onto her motorcycle and sped off down the street, completely oblivious to the man who had been standing in her hallway and was now phoning in to Kasar the information that she was driving away.

Sarila entered the downtown youth center and smiled at all the children waiting out in the hallway. "Oh, my goodness! Am I late or is everyone early?" she asked, bending down to accept several hugs from the more gregarious children. Once those were done, she searched out the more shy children and cautiously gave each a hug of their own, delighting in the smiles that formed on their faces with the individual attention.

Once the hugs were finished and greetings given to the ones who weren't ready for a hug, she led the way down the hallway to the small classroom they were allowed to use each Saturday. "Is everyone ready?" she asked, unlocking the door to the classroom.

A resounding "Yes!" echoed throughout the room as children rushed into the room that housed a large, round carpet on the floor. Each child took their place on the carpet. Once all fifteen five year olds were seated, she walked around and gave them an instrument, telling them stories about the sounds the instruments made and why. She made up stories about how a lion was trying to escape from a trap and ground his teeth until he was free, making the rattle sound. She went on and on until all the children had an instrument.

"Okay, everyone, let's stand up and sing Ring around the Rosy. Do we all remember how to sing it?"

"Yes!" they all yelled, getting to their feet eagerly.

Round and round the children went, giggling and either clapping their hands or clanging their instrument in time to whatever song she called out. Sometimes they moved to the center of the circle, sometimes they hopped around on one foot, or maybe they all backed away to the walls, then hurried forward. Sarila kept the small children moving and constantly changing the song and rhythm in an effort to keep their attention while they still learned how to count or listen to the beat of the music. She even held up words which she asked them to read.

Forty five minutes later, all fifteen children clapped at the end of the lesson, carefully handed their instruments back but none really wanted to leave the classroom. One little girl kept looking over Sarila's shoulder.

"Ms. Sara, who is that?" she whispered, her eyes as big as saucers.

Sarila looked behind her and froze. Standing against the wall, his arms crossed over his chest and looking incredibly comfortable and thoroughly amused, was Kasar.

Knowing she couldn't transfer her frustrations with him to these children, she smiled politely back at him. Without pausing a beat, Sarila whispered back, "His name is Kasar. Would you like to say hello to Mr. Kasar in his own language?"

They all nodded eagerly. "Okay, ladies, line up in a row, gentlemen, please stand behind the ladies. Everyone ready?"

They all got into position and nodded, half of them staring at Sarila, the others staring at Kasar. "Good morning, Kasar," she said in perfect Arabic.

The children slaughtered the language, but Kasar politely bowed and repeated the phrase back to the children. "I heard your music lesson and you all sound wonderful. I hope you grow up to make beautiful music," he said, then repeated the words in Arabic. The children giggled and whispered to each other. The parents were starting to arrive and the kids ran to their parents, excitedly repeating the phrase and pointing at Kasar.

Several parents stopped to talk with Sarila, most of them inquiring if she would be teaching the same class in the fall.

"Yes. I'll definitely be here," she assured all of them.

One parent came up with her shy little daughter in her arms. Emily was one of Sarila's favorites. She showed a great deal of intelligence and enthusiasm but there was a tentativeness - almost a painful shyness that kept holding her back from blossoming. "Emily, I hope you have a wonderful summer with your friends," Sarila said. "Will you come to my class next year?"

Her mother shook her head, tears forming in her eyes. "Go play with daddy for a moment, Emily," her mother said and Emily shot out of the door into her father's arms. Once her daughter was out of ear shot, the mother turned back to Sarila. "I'm afraid Emily won't be able to come back next year," she whispered sadly, obviously fighting back tears. "But I wanted to thank you for helping her this past year. She's really shown a lot of improvement since taking your class."

Sarila walked the woman over toward the window, not wanting her to be self-conscious around Kasar. "Why can't she come back next year?" Sarila asked gently.

The woman shrugged. "We can't afford it," she said, obviously ashamed. "But we didn't tell Emily that. She loves your class so much. She offered to start working during the summer so she could come back next year." The mother was shaking her head.

Sarila shook her head. "You bring Emily back next year. And don't worry about the cost of the class."

"But...the payments..."

"Don't worry. I don't do this for the money. I do it for little girls and boys just like Emily. I've seen her blossom. You just bring her back and let me worry about the director," Sarila said, looking into the woman's eyes so she knew she was serious.

The woman smiled and the tears dropped down onto her cheeks. "Thank you!" she said. "Oh, thank you."

Sarila accepted the woman's hug and watched as she rushed out of the classroom. Without looking at Kasar, Sarila slowly picked up the instruments that were littered over the floor. When she could no longer stand his calm perusal of her actions, she snapped. "What are you doing here?" she finally asked curtly. Why did he have to be so handsome, she wondered, noting his khaki slacks and crisp, white shirt that only accented his muscular arms and shoulders.

"What did you say to her?" he asked, but he'd heard and was curious to see if Sarila would repeat her instructions.

"Nothing. Emily is a very bright little girl. Her mother is just worried about her progress."

Kasar walked over and helped pick up the instruments and put them into the bag. "Why is she worried? I saw her daughter. She was doing everything the other children were doing."

Sarila picked up the tambourine Emily had been using, touching the sides and smiling fondly. "Emily didn't speak a word to anyone six months ago. I don't know why nor do I care. All I know is that she came each Saturday, her pretty blue eyes staring at me as the other children sang. She wouldn't even make a sound with the instruments at first but always held one." Sarila stood up, her bag of instruments packed away. "Then one day, she sang one song. The next week, she sang two songs. Before long, she was singing right along with the others, banging her instrument and smiling as she moved with the group."

"The power of music," Kasar said softly.

"It can heal," she nodded.

"That was very generous of you to let her come back next year without paying. I see where you live. You could use the money."

So he had overheard? Sarila shrugged, ignoring the embarrassment. "I live in a palace compared to some of these little people," she said and lugged the bag over her shoulder. "Anyway, I don't do it for the money. I do it because it makes me feel better."

"I thought you taught Kindergartners during the week. Don't you get enough of children?" he asked.

Sarila smiled, "Oh, no! I love them. They heal me and teach me more than I could ever teach them, but I try."

Kasar nodded. "Are you ready to go?"

"I have my motorcycle," she said. "I can get home."

"Come out to lunch with me. We need to talk," he said and reached for her arm, assuming that she would immediately do his bidding. "Besides, you're probably starving since you didn't eat dinner last night and rushed out before grabbing anything for breakfast."

"How do you..." she was about to ask him how he knew that, but then closed her eyes when he raised an eyebrow at her. "Never mind. I don't want to know. Lunch is fine. I'm actually starving," she said, giving in to his offer of a meal.

She let him lead her out of the youth club and into his waiting limousine which was causing a big stir with the teenagers who were hanging out at the basketball court.

"Hey, Ms. Sara! This guy causing you any grief?" one of the teenage boys called out, holding the ball under one arm.

For half a second she considered telling the teens that he was bothering her. But Kasar wasn't a fool and he wouldn't put up with that. Besides, it would only get the boys hurt. It was a nice thought though, thinking that someone was out to protect her from someone they considered "bad". "Hey, Dave. No, he's not bothering me. What's the score?" she called back.

"Seven up. Jumbo's whining that he's lost his edge," he said, jabbing at the air behind him.

"He hasn't lost his edge," she called back. "He probably just lost the tip-off, didn't he?"

Dave nodded and laughed at her insight. "You got it, Ms. Sara." He turned back to the group of friends. "Hey Jumbo, ever think a woman would know you so well?" he taunted, then shot the ball toward one of his teammates who quickly dribbled it up for a lay-up, right into the hoop that no longer had a net.

While they drove, Kasar asked her questions about the music program, the effects it had on the children and the technique behind the teaching. Sarila answered all of his questions, amazed that he was so interested and flattered more than she wanted to admit. He was even interested in how she knew the boys. He smiled slightly when she said that she played basketball with them sometimes when they needed a filler.

"Why is that so funny?" she demanded.

"Aren't you a little short to be a basketball player?" he asked.

Sarila blushed as his eyes skimmed down her jean clad figure. "What I don't have in height, I more than make up for in technique", she defended.

As soon as the words were out, she regretted them. Her blush intensified as his smile widened. Her suggestive comment hadn't come out like she'd meant it but that scoundrel wasn't relenting at all. "You'll have to show me someday," was all he said.

Thankfully, the limousine pulled up beside the curb at that moment so she didn't need to reply. They arrived at one of the best restaurants in Los Angeles. Despite the fact that she was dressed in jeans and he was in perfectly pressed slacks, they were seated at one of the best tables.

Sarila ordered a simple sandwich and waited for Kasar to start in on his questions.

"So what is your plan to escape from this marriage?" he asked instead.

Sarila was unprepared for his question. "I don't know."

"Well, you'd better come up with one quickly. Because I have obligations that must be attended to. I only have the two weeks starting tomorrow to get this trip out of the way."

"Tomorrow?" she asked, shocked and dismayed at such short notice.

"Yes. My boat is docked in the harbor. We could leave tonight if you'd prefer."

"Tonight?" she asked, sitting up straighter in her chair. She didn't like the confidence in his voice or the fact that he was ready to leave so quickly.

"Is something wrong?"

Sarila's mind was spinning. "Yes. I have obligations as well. I have classes and meetings and..." she thought quickly but nothing else came to mind.

"No you don't," he countered. "You don't have any classes for three weeks. Why do you think I showed up at this time? School ended two days ago and you don't have anything until the next semester starts for the summer."

She had been playing with a fork but it clattered to the table with his words. "How do you know so much about me?" she asked angrily.

One eyebrow rose over his dark eyes. "Sarila, Do I strike you as the type of person who would leave anything to chance?" Without waiting for an answer, he continued, "Now, as I see it, you have to put lesson plans together and that's basically it. You haven't had a vacation since you ran away. Don't try to deny it because I know this for a fact," he said before she could interrupt him to deny it. "Why don't you just spend the next two weeks relaxing in the sunshine, putting your notes together for the next school year and being waited on by my staff? At the end of two weeks, we meet our parents and request that the contract be voided, then I'll have my plane fly you back to Los Angeles, or anywhere else in the world you'd like to go. You can stop looking over your shoulder for your parents and I can get on with the business of Abasar."

The plan sounded simple enough but she didn't like it. "I really don't want to be on a boat with you for the next two weeks. Why can't I fly out to Abasar right before you arrive and we can just explain that it didn't work out? We don't have to explain that we weren't together for the past two weeks. What they don't know, won't hurt them."

Kasar leaned back in his chair and looked at her. She could see the disappointment on his face. "I was told that you've lost sight of our culture and apparently it is true," he said.

Sarila was stunned. She had been working on that image but she didn't realize she'd been so successful. She smiled as she took a bite of her sandwich. "Is that so?" she asked.

"Why do you find that amusing?" he countered.

She shrugged and took another bite. She made him wait while she finished chewing, hoping that it would have the same effect on him as it did on her. "Why don't you tell me why you think I'm so counter-cultural, then I'll tell you why I'm amused."

Kasar eyes bored into her relaxed face. "You don't appear to have any respect for your parents, you apparently sleep around which means you don't have respect for yourself either. You are definitely not the person I knew as a teenager."

"And therefore unworthy to be queen, correct?" she said, her eyes hopeful.

"Ah!" he nodded, "So that is the game you are playing? You have tried to become unworthy." It was a statement and not a question. He leaned back in his chair while he looked across the table at her face.

Sarila put more ketchup on her plate and dipped a French fry into it. "It was a small part of my plan. Image is everything, is it not?"

"Not everything. What's in a person's soul is more important," he said.

Sarila didn't like the look of intuitive insight he had on his face at the moment. She smiled at him and laughed, "Kasar, what happened to the man who chased all the women around in college? Please don't tell me you've grown into a mature man with all the answers," she said, trying to sound confident.

Kasar smiled. "Is that part of the reason you ran away, little one? You didn't like me seeing other women?"

Sarila swallowed hard, the fry sticking in her throat. He really was too perceptive. "Don't be silly," she said, waving her hands in dismissal. She then quickly hid them under the table because they were shaking so violently.

Kasar didn't answer. He simply watched her for a long moment then changed the subject. "In answer to your original question, no. We can't just lie to our parents."

"Why not?"

"Because lies always come back to haunt the giver. But you can be assured that there is enough space on board the ship that we won't often run into each other. You'll have your own room and we don't even need to share meals."

"No deal." Even after all that, she knew it would not be a good idea to be on a ship with him for two weeks.

"Why not? You have no work to do for the next three weeks. Why not take two of those to relax in the sunshine and bask in the excellent cooking of my chef?" he said, winking at her hearty appetite.

Sarila laughed at his pointed message about her eating. "I love food and you're definitely tempting me but I'm a teacher and we never really have any time off. The next three weeks will be filled with writing up lesson plans for the next school year and coming up with new ideas for crafts, reading up on the latest teaching techniques and millions of other things."

"All of which you can do from the ship," he pointed out.

Sarila shook her head in exasperation. "You don't take no very well, do you?"

"I don't take no at all," he said, smiling again. "Unless I agree with the answer," he clarified.

Sarila needed to find a way to stop him from smiling. Each time he did, her stomach filled up with butterflies that fluttered all around. She cleared her throat and looked away. "Well, in this case, you'll have to. There's no way I can get all my work done from a ship, no matter how wonderful the cook is."

"Why not?"

He really was persistent. She didn't have a ready reply so she had to think quickly. "Well, there's art supplies, manuals, books...lots of things that I'd need to bring."

"I'll make sure there are plenty of art supplies on board. The books, I'm sure you could pack in your suitcase. You don't even need to lift it. I'll be happy to carry your books for you," he said in a teasing tone of voice.

The image was appealing. She liked the idea of Kasar walking her home from school, paying court to her while carrying her books, his handsome face smiling down at hers as he teased her about one thing or another. Just the thought made her shiver in excitement. But the image of all the other women he'd paid similar attention to in the past quickly came to mind and she shook her head. "No thanks."

"What excuse could you have now?"

"None. I just won't do it," she said stubbornly.

"Sarila..."

"I go by Sara now," she interrupted, not wanting to hear his deep voice saying her name. It sent pleasurable tingles up her spine.

"Sara, you're being stubborn just for the sake of arguing." He looked at her for a long moment, his face not revealing any of his thoughts or emotions. Suddenly, he shook his head and appeared to give up for the moment, "But I understand."

She didn't like the way he said that. "What do you understand?" she demanded suspiciously.

"You're a female," he said as if that explained everything.

She controlled her impulse to roll her eyes, but just barely. "Yes, I've noticed. But what does that have to do with our conversation?"

"It has everything to do with it. First of all, you are being illogical. You know that you would get much more work done on the ship with minimal distractions, someone to cook and clean for you and all sorts of entertainment available for your pleasure."

"But.."

"Don't interrupt! I'm making my points," he said abruptly. "Besides the irrational side, you fear being alone with me on board the ship. You remember the crush you had on me when you were younger and are afraid you'll fall victim to those feelings again."

Sarila was sputtering in her outrage at his last comment. "Crush! I never had a crush on you," she lied. "Of all the ego-maniacal, misogynistic, irritating assumptions to make, I can't believe you'd fall into that one," she said.

He looked her straight in the eye. "Prove me wrong. Spend two weeks working on your lesson plans, getting things done, being pampered by my staff and show me and our parents that you are a woman who knows her mind and won't be tempted."

She was no longer outraged, she was furiously angry. "Fine!" she replied. "I'll go on your silly little boat just to prove that this was one of the worst ideas our parents ever came up with," she said and stood up to leave. "What time does the boat leave?" she demanded.

Kasar stood up as well, ignoring his half finished lunch and his immediate desire to touch the woman who was practically shaking with her fury. He kept his face from showing his amusement as he replied, "In three hours." He snapped his fingers to one of the body guards who was sitting at a table close by. The man immediately paid for their meal while Kasar followed behind the furious woman, delighted that she was falling into his trap.

Despite his fascination with her incredible figure and fiery temper, he wouldn't touch her over the next two weeks. He watched the way her long, muscular legs carried her quickly out of the restaurant and her lovely breasts pushed against the material of her shirt. He was only kidding about her crush but if it worked, he was willing to use the challenge just so they could both move on with their lives. He didn't want to marry but he knew he would have to eventually. It was better to get this betrothal contract out of the way now, so when he did find someone worthy, he would be free to marry her instead.

He definitely wouldn't mind if they had long legs like this little spitfire did, he thought as he climbed into the back of the limousine behind her. And he definitely liked her derriere.

He snapped an order in Arabic to one of his body guards who immediately moved off to catch a cab.

"That was expedient," she said in English. He had ordered the man to go buy as many art supplies as possible for the trip and meet them at the dock.

"I'm glad you remember your mother tongue," he said sincerely. "Perhaps you haven't moved too far away from your heritage as you'd like to pretend?"

"No, what you see is what you get," she replied, then wished she'd not uttered the words because his eyes skimmed her jean clad figure, stopping momentarily on her breasts.

"Promise?" he said, raising one eyebrow.

"Not in that way," she said, feigning disgust but she crossed her arms over her chest to hide her body's reaction to his look.

He laughed softly, obviously having seen it despite her attempts.

They drove to her apartment and he left her to pack, letting her know that he'd be back in two hours to pick her up again. She noticed that one of the body guards escorted her up the stairs and, once she was standing in front of her door, she saw the shiny new locks that had replaced her previously flimsy one. The man behind her handed her the key then stepped back to stand sentry outside her door.

Sarila smiled gratefully at the man, reminding herself that she didn't have any issues with him, just his employer. She walked into her apartment and closed the door, knowing he wouldn't leave no matter how much she assured him that she wasn't in any danger from intruders, nor would she attempt to run away again.

Chapter 4

As soon as her door was closed behind her, she started packing and reviewing the past hour. With a sinking heart, she realized that she'd been manipulated into this trip. She'd let her temper get the better of her, something she'd seen happen to her mother on several occasions. Sarila had witnessed it many times while she was growing up and had promised herself that she would never allow a man to manipulate her emotions in that way.

Sarila considered not going, but his accusations were too close for comfort. She didn't want him to think she was afraid of him. So she packed more of her clothes, several bathing suits and her makeup. She filled another bag with books and magazines she'd been saving up for her mini vacation.

With a sigh, she looked around and tried to see if there was anything else she might need. Nothing popped out at her so she walked out onto her tiny balcony and watched the people as they milled about on the street below. She wondered why she felt like her life was suddenly on the verge of a major turning point. She told herself she shouldn't really think like that. She should consider this only a two week vacation.

And at the end, she would see her estranged parents after an absence of six years. Her heart ached to see her parents again. She missed them terribly. Sarila had considered going home on several occasions. One time, she'd even gone so far as to purchase a plane ticket home. But she never got on the plane. Memories of the reasons she'd left surfaced and she banished the idea each time it came up.

Sarila was determined to not end up in a frustrating marriage to a man who could barely endure her and married her simply because he'd been ordered to do so by his parents and a legal document. She also didn't want to marry someone from her own culture. She reasoned that perhaps the reason why her parents fought so much was because her father was so domineering. He had a great deal of responsibility within the Abasar government and sometimes, it seemed that he took his anger out on her mother. She knew her parents loved each other desperately but she didn't understand why they fought so much. It was as if her father knew exactly which buttons to push in order to get a reaction from her mother. Sarila didn't want to spend her life waiting for the next fight. She preferred her peaceful life to one of volatility and turmoil.

Enter: Kasar. There was no denying her fascination with the man. He was incredibly handsome but it was more. He was a prince who commanded obedience and respect not only because of his title, but because of his personality and his charisma. That was probably why Sarila had never found any other man to her liking. How could she move on to another man when she'd experienced the charm and overwhelming personality of Kasar?

She smiled as she remembered being at the palace several times in her youth. Her father often brought them to the palace when he would be on extended travel for security so she and her mother had basically lived there some years. She'd been told about her betrothal when she was about five years old but hadn't seen Kasar until a few years later. Her instant fascination with him had made her parents ecstatic.

Sarila sat out on the balcony, evaluating her life and the upcoming two weeks with both dread and excitement. Two weeks aboard a ship with a man she disliked intellectually and personally, but physically found fascinating. If she just continued to remind herself of his offensive personality, she knew she could ignore the physical attraction she had for him.

It wouldn't matter what she thought about him, she had to stay away from him. He didn't want her anymore than she wanted him, so it probably wouldn't be an issue.

Sarila watched with resignation as the limousine drove up to her apartment building. She didn't get up to meet him. Instead, she watched as he got out of the car and spoke to one of his body guards. She couldn't hear the words, but the man immediately rushed off in another direction. She wondered what Kasar had requested, but knew he'd never tell her unless he wanted her to know.

Kasar then walked confidently into the apartment building as if it were all part of his kingdom. She was amazed by the amount of confidence the man exuded. She wished she could be like that, she thought to herself. But a moment later, a knock sounded on her door and she pushed all her yearnings away.

"Hello again," she said as she opened the door.

"Good afternoon, Sara. Are you all ready?" he asked politely.

Sarila picked up her two duffle bags and slung them over her shoulder. "I'm ready," she said and moved past him down the stairs. He tried to take her bags, but she just shook her head. "I'm fine. If I can't carry it, I shouldn't pack it," she said and moved quickly down the stairs.

It was a short drive from her apartment to the pier. Before she could retrieve her bags from the trunk, a sailor ran off a ship, grabbed her luggage and then disappeared again.

"Is that your boat?" Sarila asked, staring at a vessel that could be defined as a cruise ship because of its enormous size.

"Yes. Is something wrong?" he asked, staring at her open mouthed awe.

Sarila closed her mouth quickly. "No," she snapped. "You were right. We probably won't even be able to find each other on that thing," she said.

Kasar chuckled. "It isn't that big. We might run into each other once or twice."

Sarila examined the ship through her sunglasses. "Is that a helicopter landing site?" she said, pointing to a large platform with a capital "H" on it.

"Yes," he confirmed.

"Okay then. Let's go," she said. Sarila had grown up with wealthy parents but she'd forgotten all the wonderful little things wealth could buy. She was shown to a beautiful stateroom decorated in subtle shades of white and cream. The carpeting was so thick, her feet sank into the fibers, softening her steps. The bed was made up in white silk sheets with a cream satin cover and a soft, fluffy blanket covering the end.

The steward had delivered her luggage but was now gone. So Sarila unpacked her clothes and examined the rest of the room. There was a fully stocked bar and a refrigerator with all sorts of gourmet cheeses and chocolates, fruits and specialty drinks. On the bottom shelf were several bottles of water.

Within moments, she felt the engines stir to life and the ship started moving. She considered staying in her room and reading, but the urge to go up on deck and watch the shoreline disappear was too tempting.

She grabbed a bottle of water, a book and left the room. She eventually found her way up on deck and found a seat.

A servant appeared only moments after she settled down in a deck chair. "Dinner will be in the main dining room in one hour, your highness," he said, bowing slightly. "Can I get you a cocktail?" he asked.

"No. Thank you," she said. "And please call me Sara," she pleaded, not wanting to hear her title anymore than was necessary.

"As you wish, your highness," he said and bowed out of the area.

Sarila sighed and opened her book, drank her water and basically felt her body relaxing as the shoreline eased away. It really was a nice ship, she thought to herself an hour later when she found the main dining room. She knew she should probably dress up for dinner, but she didn't feel like it and wanted to irritate Kasar, who probably was expecting a formal meal.

She was surprised to find that she was dining alone. A servant appeared with a note from Kasar as soon as she stepped into the dining room. He explained that he would be unable to join her for dinner due to an important conference call that came in this afternoon and has not stopped yet.

The pattern followed the same routine for the next two days but Sarila didn't mind. She worked hard at her lesson plans. The solitude of the ship genuinely helped her concentrate. She had taken over one of the salons, spreading her lesson plans out along a large table which allowed her to see each month's ideas much more clearly. There were ten months in the school year with an average of four and a half weeks each. The school mandated a certain curriculum be taught but the creativity behind getting the concepts into the children's heads was pretty much left up to the teachers.

Sarila used monthly themes and formed the lessons around those themes. One month it was Animal Kingdom and she would have the children make different animals from various craft materials. The animals almost always "spoke" in the sounds the kids were studying for the month and each animal had a certain number of syllables or spots that aided in counting. Another month it was Parts of the Body and Sarila did the same concepts with sounds, reading and math, adding an element of fun to the learning process.

Writing was her favorite time of the day. She used the regular tools but also some different ways to get the children to practice their writing skills. Some days, the children would crowd around a plastic sheet with mounds of shaving cream. Each student was encouraged to write their words in the shaving cream, then smooth it out and write other words. Sand also worked well as did other bubble making materials.

The third afternoon, Sarila was working in the salon, her hair pinned up behind her head and she wore a pair of shorts and a simple tee shirt with no shoes. She was laughing as she wrote down monthly ideas for crafts. When she was done, she stood up and surveyed her months, smiling as if she had just won the Nobel Peace Prize.

"You look extraordinarily satisfied," a deep voice said from the doorway.

Sarila spun around and faced the man that had been in the back of her mind for the past three days. "Hello. Coming out to the light?" she said, then turned back to her table and considered other ideas. She needed to focus on something other than the man's long legs shown off with his navy blue shorts and white tee shirt that hugged his biceps, showing off a flat, muscular stomach.

"Coming out to apologize to you for ignoring you. I really am sorry," he said and stopped when he looked down at all she'd done. "What's all this?" he asked.

"This," she said, throwing her arms out over her table of ideas, "is next year's kindergarten curriculum. What do you think?"

Kasar looked around with an odd smile on his face. "I don't get it," he said, picking up a giraffe's face that was attached to a brown lunch bag. "What does it do?"

Sarila took the bag out of his hands and stuck her hand inside. "This is Jerry Giraffe. And he will only laugh at the J sound. During circle time I'll read a story. Each time the children hear a "J" sound, they need to make their giraffe laugh, like this," she said and opened the giraffe's "mouth" to show him the giraffe's tongue and tonsils she'd cut out.

"Whatever happened to just writing down the words and memorizing them?" he asked, shaking his head in disbelief.

"Memorization has its place. It is definitely a skill that helps in brain development, but don't you think the children will remember a laughing giraffe over a tedious writing exercise?"

Kasar smiled broadly. "Yes."

"So this is more effective," she said and put the giraffe back on the February pile of activities.

"How many activities do you have to come up with?"

"About ten for each day of the week," she said, examining her calendar for gaps.

"Ten activities?" he asked, the shock coming through in his tone.

"Of course. Kindergartners are only about five or six years old. They don't have very good attention spans."

"That seems like a lot of work," he said, and lifted a lamb made of black construction paper and cotton balls.

"It's worth it," she smiled. "That is for recognizing the letter A. Each child needs to come up with a sentence with the sound of A in it."

"Fascinating," he said. "How many hours does it take you to come up with all of this stuff?"

Sarila looked at her watch. "I've been doing it for eight hours so far. It's two o'clock now so I still have at least eight more hours to work."

"Don't you take a break?"

"Do you?" she asked, not bothering to look at him since she knew the answer. Evidently, he was a workaholic and had spent just as much time in his office as she had creating lesson plans for the past few days.

"Yes."

"When?" she laughed, still shifting her papers and filling in ideas on post it notes.

"How about now?"

"I guess now could be considered a break," she shrugged.

"No, I meant, how about if you take a break with me? You look tired."

"Oh," she said and stopped shifting and focused her attention on him. For one, heart stopping moment, the idea of taking a break with him, laughing and talking with him sounded lovely. But then she remembered what was at stake and her libido slowed down. "No, thank you," she finally said and put her head back down so she could focus on her lessons again.

"Why not?"

"I have too much to do," she said.

"Come on," he replied and put an arm around her waist. "We'll just take a short spin around the ocean and then come back once we've gotten a little fresh air."

He took her hand and led her out of the salon. "What do you mean, a spin around the ocean? Isn't that what we're doing?" she asked, trying to hide the shock that went through her system when his large, warm hand held hers.

"Not really," he said and pulled her down two flights of stairs to the back of the boat. "Hop in," he said as he led her to a speed boat that was lifted out of the water by a wench. He lifted a phone and spoke into it, "We're using the speedboat," was all he said before placing the receiver back in its cradle. Within moments, the ship slowed to a stop and the speedboat lowered into the water.

With the two of them inside, Kasar maneuvered the boat backwards and out of its docking station right out into the wide open space of the ocean.

Sarila took a seat in the back of the boat and leaned back, allowing the ocean spray to cool her hot cheeks. She watched as Kasar drove the boat at top speed, turning and spinning, not really going any way but meandering around the ocean. From this vantage point, Sarila drank heavily of the sight of Kasar driving. She was able to look to her heart's delight at his broad, muscular shoulders and back which were now outlined in detail as the wind whipped his white linen shirt against his body. His bottom was firm and she even liked the way he stood with his legs braced apart as if he were ready to take on an enemy instead of just the ocean wind.

Within moments, the ship was only a small dot on the horizon but Kasar didn't stop. He continued driving around, enjoying the feel of the boat and its power. Sarila didn't talk not because she wouldn't be heard over the roar of the engine or the sound of the wind, but because she was just too relaxed to speak. The wind pulled her hair off her face and the sun beamed down onto her cheeks and shoulders.

After about an hour, he stopped the engines and let the boat float. Kasar turned around and sat down next to her, not really talking, but just enjoying the silence.

They stayed like that for several minutes, both of them enjoying the peace and solitude of the ocean.

Finally, he turned to her. "What made you run away from Abasar?" he asked.

She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. "Thinking of the overwhelming responsibilities of your obligations?" she teased.

"No," he said seriously. "I've accepted my life and the obligations that come with my life. I was just wondering why you chose to run away instead of facing them."

Sarila didn't detect anger or derision in his tone, just curiosity. "Women don't have as much power as men in Abasar. So it isn't the same. Imagine being subjected to a life you didn't choose but that was handed to you at birth. But in this role, you don't have any rights or freedoms, you are completely at the mercy of another human being."

"Is that how you see marriage? As a prison?"

She considered his words. "Yes. I suppose I do."

"And you think it will be better with an American husband?"

"Yes. I hope so."

"Then why haven't you married?"

They were now treading on dangerous ground. She chose flippancy over honesty. "It isn't from lack of trying," she teased. That wasn't really a lie. She had seriously looked around, desperately searching for a man who could match Kasar in both strength of character and charm but without the irritating qualities. And she also wanted someone who would be faithful and love her the same way she was willing to love a man.

His dark eyes surveyed her soft features. "You're a very beautiful woman. Either you aren't trying seriously, or the American men are blind."

Sarila smiled, warmed by the compliment. "So you're only looking for superficial beauty in your wife? I pity the both of you."

"No, I didn't say that. I want my wife to be strong and intelligent, kind and giving. Someone who will make me whole."

That was an interesting statement. She raised her eyebrows as she looked over at him. "Kasar, that sounds surprisingly modern. Where did that idea come from?"

"Being around many unintelligent women," he laughed. "And school. There are many strong women at Princeton and I found them fascinating."

"Well, I wish you luck" she said and put her face up to the sunshine. "So far, I haven't found many men with the qualities I prefer in a husband."

"What are the qualities you'd prefer?"

She shrugged. "What any woman wants, I suppose. Strength, confidence, intelligence, someone I can come to and talk through my problems and he won't dictate the answers but will listen and help me work through to a solution. Isn't that what everyone needs? Some just don't find it in their spouse."

"Are you saying you'd cheat on your husband if he didn't have those qualities?" he asked sharply.

"Absolutely not. I believe in fidelity and I won't stand for anything less in my spouse. One reason why you won't do for a husband," she said and smiled to soften her words. "You love women too much from what I remember."

"True," he said, not sure he would give up women but knowing he would never hurt his wife.

She shrugged, wishing he hadn't confirmed her suspicions regarding his fidelity to one woman. "So I won't settle for less in a man than what I'm willing to give in return."

He surveyed her pretty face with eyes that were shooting the challenge to him. "Any man would be a fool to cheat on you," he said, and Sarila heard the sincerity in his voice.

"Thank you," she said, grateful for his comment. "So what changes have happened in Abasar over the past few years?" changing the subject to something a little less personal.

"We have fifty women graduating from medical school this year," he said proudly. "There are many new roads that are increasing trade throughout the region. We've heavily increased the infrastructure and local elections are monitored by observers to ensure fair voting."

"What about new industries? Any growth there?"

"We're working on building internal industry slowly through inventions versus foreign investors. We have the revenues to increase organically. We don't want a lot of foreign companies coming in who might take advantage of our people, work them to death, then leave a gaping hole or building in our infrastructure."

"How are you doing that? It would seem like you'd need to increase the education in order to see that kind of mental change."

"We've more than doubled the education budget over the past five years. We now have at least one school in every village."

Sarila's mouth dropped open in shock. "How was that accomplished so quickly?"

"A lot of hard work and major arguing," he said, smiling into the sunshine.

Sarila was quiet as she watched his face for a moment. "You did most of the arguing, didn't you?" she asked in a moment of clarity.

"I was part of the effort," he nodded. "But I had a lot of help."

"Who could wield more power than you?" she asked.

Kasar looked at her, squinting into the light. "Holding power isn't necessarily the correct question. You should know that having lived within the walls of the palace so often during your childhood. Besides, you'd be surprised who supports education," he said. "But it is time to head back to the ship," he said and stood up. Gunning the engine, he drove back to the ship in quick time.

Sarila considered his mysterious response and wondered what he had been referring to. Could he care for someone that lived within the palace? Could that person have convinced him that he should support upgrading the country's educational system and schools? Could this stranger be a teacher? Or just a palace worker? Someone who was a servant perhaps? It would have to be someone pretty who had caught his eye. The idea made her stomach clench in anger and what she wished she could deny but was obviously jealousy.

"I can see your mind is working overtime over there," he said, glancing toward her as he maneuvered the boat through the ocean waves. "What could possibly bring you more color to those lovely cheeks and sparks to your eyes more than the wind and sun?"

Sarila hated that he was so observant. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Kasar chuckled. "You're so transparent, Sarila." He steered the boat toward the ship with absolute confidence. "Care to share your thoughts? Or are they about me and therefore un-share-able?"

Sarila blushed, making the color in her cheeks even deeper but she didn't know that. "Isn't that a little self-absorbed of you? Perhaps the world doesn't revolve around you?" Sarila knew that was an unfair accusation but she was still reeling from the idea of him loving and being persuaded by someone else. Not that she wanted the position or the influence, she told herself. She just wanted him to respect her enough so he wouldn't fall in love with someone else while still betrothed to her. She was lashing out and couldn't stop herself.

"Don't worry, little one," he said with a wink. "Your mother is a very convincing woman when she fights for a cause," he explained.

Sarila's anger dissipated entirely. "My mother was the person who argued to change the educational standards?"

He glanced back at her, his smile broad and too arrogant. "Of course. Who else within the palace has as much influence besides my own mother?"

Sarila had been trapped! He'd known exactly where her mind would take her and had let her go there, only to find herself having to look like a fool. "That was cheating," she said, crossing her arms over her chest and glaring at him.

"Yes, very unchivalrous of me, wasn't it? But you can't deny me the small pleasures around you. You're so easily angered."

Did he think she was only angry? Thank goodness he didn't know how jealous she'd become in such a short amount of time. Just the idea had sent her mind reeling. "Kasar, you're a very complicated man," she said, looking at him with different eyes. There was more respect all of a sudden. Good grief, she thought to herself, shaking her head and tearing her eyes off his muscular form and forcing her eyes to focus on the horizon and the ship coming closer to them. How could one man make her feel so many different things so quickly? Anger, jealousy, indignation and now respect? Was she losing her mind? Possibly, she accepted.

He docked the boat just as easily as he had taken it down. He climbed out, then turned to offer her a hand as she stepped onto the main platform. Unfortunately, the ship rocked at that point and Sarila fell into Kadar's strong arms, her soft body grazing against his strong one.

She stood up quickly, her face flaming as she realized how her breasts had flattened against his hard chest. She suspected that he could see her body's reaction through the thin tee-shirt she was wearing. "Excuse me," she said, righted her footing, then quickly stepped away.

"My pleasure," he said from behind her. "Fall into me any day."

"I'd better get back to work," she said and preceded him up the stairs, painfully conscious of his eyes on her body as she walked slowly up the stairs. She could actually feel his gaze on her body. Knowing he was looking, she kept her walk as straight and careful as possible, not wanting to entice him in any way. That was too dangerous, she told herself, keeping even a small sway from her gait.

Kasar watched her walk up the stairs, liking the way she'd felt in his arms. She was all soft and feminine yet more delicate than she appeared. And he really liked her legs, he thought as she took the stairs two at a time.

He also liked her reaction to his touch. He'd never experienced it himself, but he recognized when a woman was fighting an internal battle against the chemistry. And he suspected there was a lot of chemistry between the two of them. Mildly irritated that his body was so interested in her, he eased his mind with the knowledge that she was just as intensely aware of him.

What harm could there be in two people satisfying themselves with each other, he considered, walking up the stairs after her, smelling her unique perfume that had trailed behind her. It was soft and feminine, not harsh or overtly sexual. He liked that. Damnit, there really was too much to like about the woman. He was going to have to do something about it, he told himself as his body stirred to hardness just thinking about her wearing that interesting perfume, and nothing else.

He pushed the idea away that started to form in his mind. He couldn't have an affair with Sarila. Despite what she had done with other men in the past, he would not dishonor her family by enjoying a physical relationship with her. Besides, that would only complicate extricating themselves from the betrothal. If his parents or hers heard even the smallest rumor of any kind of physical relationship between the two of them, he would be honor bound to fulfill the terms of the betrothal contract.

But would that be such an awful thing? To be married to Sarila...to have her grow with his child, be in his bed every night? His body hardened even more. But he forced himself to push that idea away. He didn't want another man's woman. And according to Sarila's manner and challenging looks, there had been many of them. Kasar was just sexist enough to want to be the only man in his wife's life. Although he hadn't abstained, he wanted his wife to know only him.

Since that wasn't the case, he knew he would have to keep his hands, and every other body part, away from the lovely, sexy Sarila. Moving into his cabin, he headed straight for his shower, stripping off his clothes as he went. Once inside the blue and white marble bathroom, he turned on the shower, blasting the cold water down onto his overheated flesh, grimacing as the water struck his body.

Despite his determination to avoid a physical relationship with Sarila, he found himself entering the dining room two hours later, freshly showered and shaved. He didn't bother to dress in formal attire, knowing that she usually just grabbed her meals and went back to work.

"Good evening," he said when she walked into the dining room.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, so startled to see him she almost didn't come into the room when she spotted him. He looked breathtaking in pressed black slacks and a white, collarless shirt. The white against his dark skin made him look swarthy and very appealing.

He walked casually over to the bar and poured himself a glass of dark liquid. "I took a break so I could join you for dinner. Do you object?"

"Um...no," she said. But in reality, she did mind. She minded a great deal, she thought as she watched his strong, hands with long, sexy fingers pour the liquid into a glass. She minded his very presence that had her mind moving in directions that were better not entered. Such as what it would be like to be held in his strong arms like he had earlier this afternoon, but for a kiss rather than just to catch her from falling.

"What can I get you to drink?" he asked.

Kadar's look was almost a challenge, as if he was asking her for something more than just a beverage. She tried to think quickly but standing face to face with his tall, muscular form, her mind just wouldn't function quickly. Well, it would but her thoughts were mostly about how sexy he looked and how she wanted to touch his arms and feel if they were really as rock hard as they appeared. She had a lot of trouble answering his question.

How does a woman think about drinks when there were those bulging biceps to look at? Shaking her head, she looked away from him and was finally able to form a thought other than how much she wanted him to walk over to her and kiss her. "Wine is fine," she said quickly, her eyes dropping from his intense, knowing gaze. Thankfully he turned away to survey the contents of the bar and she watched in fascination as he reached behind him and pulled out a bottle of red wine. His hands were strong with long, lean fingers that seemed to caress the bottle and glass as he poured the rich liquid.

She watched as he walked closer to her. He was standing right next to her, looking down into her worried face. "What's wrong, Sarila? Do I make you nervous?" he asked softly. He handed her the glass of wine, his eyes never leaving her face.

She accepted the glass carefully, not wanting to touch his fingers with hers. While she picked up the offered glass, she smiled slightly and then took a deep breath, which only gave her a strong whiff of his aftershave and made her heart start fluttering again. "No," she said and took a step back in order to walk around him. "Not at all," she was able to say when she had a little more breathing space.

Trying to fill the tense silence, she grasped at the only conversation piece she could think of, even though it came out a little lame. "Where's the buffet?" she asked, looking around the dining room. Usually there was a small buffet of delicious dishes waiting for her selection.

He walked over to the dining room table. "I asked the chef to serve a real meal tonight," he said and pulled out a chair for her. "I asked for seafood. I hope you like it," he said and pushed her chair in for her as soon as she sat down.

It was one of her favorite foods but she didn't tell him that. "That's fine," she replied, looking down at her plate. He took the seat right next to hers at the head of the table and although he was several feet away, in her mind, it was too close. The next ship was too close at this particular moment. She blushed as she glanced up briefly to watch him and he caught her eye again, smiling slightly in her direction.

Servants appeared at that moment and delivered covered plates that were placed in front of each of them. Their covers were lifted and the smell of fresh seafood covered in a creamy sauce wafted to her nose. "Oh, my!" she said, eagerly taking a taste. "This is wonderful."

"It is one of my favorite meals," Kasar replied but he didn't move to try it himself.

She stopped with the second bite midway to her mouth. Glancing over at him, she became intensely self-conscious with him watching her, his black gaze never leaving her face and a slight smile curing his sexy lips. "Is something wrong?" she finally asked.

"Not at all," he said, smiling more broadly. "I'm impressed that you eat. So many women of my acquaintance eat only tiny amounts, focusing on their weight and not on their enjoyment."

Sarila rolled her eyes. "I'm sure you're a regular observer of that behavior."

"Everyone has to eat, Sarila."

She shrugged her shoulder slightly. "I was referring to your observations of enjoyment instead of their eating habits." As soon as the words were out of her mouth, she regretted them. The amusement that had been lurking in his eyes broke out into full blown laughter.

When his laughter died down, he looked over at her, watching the blush steal into her cheeks. "Jealous?"

She stiffened under his perceptive gaze. "Not at all. I just don't want to be part of the crowd. I try to be unique," she said and took another bite of the scrumptious food.

Kasar laughed again but started eating as well. "I can guarantee that you are incredibly unique," he explained as he picked up his fork. After the awkward beginning, it turned out that he was a wonderful dinner companion. He could discuss just about any subject knowledgably and eased the tension throughout the meal. She couldn't remember laughing so much during a meal between two people.

"What are you doing after dinner?" he asked when the dessert arrived. It was a flaming crepe with a delicious orange sauce. The waiter served the sweet with cognac and left them alone.

"I've been catching up on my reading the past few nights." She hated to admit to being so boring, but he probably knew exactly what she did during every moment of the day, if he bothered to ask one of the servants. She didn't flatter herself that he had asked though.

"What are you reading?"

"Journals and different kinds of articles. Nothing you'd be interested in," she said.

"You'd be surprised at what I'm interested in, Sarila."

"Well, this is pretty dry stuff," she said awkwardly.

"Would you like to take a break this evening and try something different?"

She was instantly wary. "What did you have in mind?"

He was amused at the caution that entered her eyes. "How about a game of chess?"

She liked the idea instantly but hid her enthusiasm. "Are you any good?"

"I rarely have time to play lately. So I don't think you'll find me too much of a challenge," he said, his face not revealing anything.

"Well, I guess I could try to play the game. I haven't played since..." she stopped. She hadn't played since she left home but that subject would only bring up irritating conversations so she didn't continue.

"Since you left home?" he finished the sentence for her. "I know you and your father used to play often. Why haven't you played since then?"

She shrugged and looked out the window at the sun that was just about to slip over the horizon. "I never found anyone who liked chess. It isn't a casual game."

"Are you any good?"

She looked at his face. "No," she lied, trying to keep her face straight.

"I'll be nice," he said and stood up. He led her through the dining area to a very comfortable living room with an elaborate chess set in one corner. He pulled out an overstuffed chair on one side of the table. "Care to make it interesting?" he asked, sitting down across from her.

Sarila laughed. "The fact that you are even making the suggestion means that you are good enough to win. So no. I don't want to bet on the outcome."

"Ah, so you're not very good. Well, then, this shouldn't take long. You may have the first move," he said and looked down at the board.

"I'm adequate," she said back at him, moving her pawn forward two spaces. She knew he was raising her hackles and tried to back down, but when he threw a challenge out, she seemed incapable of ignoring it.

"Obviously not very confident of your skills," he countered and moved one of his own pawns.

"I could take you," she snapped, struggling to control her temper and moved another pawn into position. She'd considered herself good at developing her pieces, setting them up in the opening phase for strength and challenge. She settled her knight into place and then considered the best place for her bishops.

"Better not risk it," he said, shaking his head as he countered her move.

"What an arrogant man you are," Sarila said. "You're on. What's the bet?"

He was silent while he considered his next move. But once he'd moved a bishop, he looked across at her and said, "Three days."

"Three days? What does that mean?" She watched the board and knew that he was moving to the fifth space without developing his bishops. Always a risky move. The idea settled in her mind, allowing her to gain confidence in her strategy. She settled her Queen's Knight and waited for his move.

Moving his castle into play, he glanced up at her to explain. "If I win, you give your parents three days when we return to Abasar. That will still allow you five days to get back to California and settled before your classes begin."

Sarila was shocked to find herself considering his bet. She hated gambling but knew that, even if she lost the bet, he was only asking her to spend more time with her parents in Abasar. That wouldn't be too hard. She missed her parents desperately. The only reason she hadn't contacted them in so long was because she didn't want to feel the guilt over her departure or to be pressured into abiding by the terms of the betrothal contract. "Fine," she said and moved another pawn, trying to free up her more powerful players. "And if I win, you donate money for an expanded music program for the youth center, scholarships included."

"Done," he said. "And your rook is in danger."

Sarila ignored his warning and continued with her own method, placing a pawn to attack which meant he had to move his Knight out of play. They played quietly for a long time, both of them losing only a few pieces but neither one really making any headway.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" he asked, breaking the silence that had paralleled the game so far.

She lost her train of thought and glanced up quickly at his face. But he was concentrating on the chess table. "No. Do you have a girlfriend? Or I guess in your case it would more aptly be called a mistress."

"No. I do not have a mistress," he said and took one of her rooks. "Would you like to volunteer for the position?" he asked, placing her piece on the side of the table nearest him.

Sarila couldn't think for a long moment. The option was too tempting. Her fingers shook when she moved her queen. "No, thank you. I don't think I have the requisite qualities," she said and sat back in her chair, trying to get her nerves under control.

"Oh, I wouldn't say that," he said and looked up at her breasts. "I'm a very generous lover," he replied.

She glared at him for a long moment. Then she realized he was teasing her and she sighed heavily. He'd done it again and this time, she'd lost one valuable piece and her concentration. Well, she wasn't going to let him get away with that.

Leaning forward again, she touched her finger to her lips as she'd seen actresses do in the movies. "I'm sure you're a terrific lover. You probably have very sterling qualities."

Kasar instantly noticed her movement and his eyes narrowed as he watched her move her piece. "Want me to demonstrate them for you?"

"No. I'm just not interested," she said and yawned loudly, stretching her arms over her head and arching her back slightly. She looked back down at the board and concentrated all her attention on her next three moves. She was feeling deliciously evil by bringing attention to her female anatomy in that way. But since he'd started it, she didn't feel the least bit ashamed. Besides, the kids would get a new music program out of this so it was all for the good.

It worked. After two moves, she captured his queen. But the play wasn't over yet. He rattled off suggestions designed to either anger her because of her feminist views or to rattle her sexually. She would then lose her concentration and another player. Turning the tables on him was exciting, she thought, rubbing her finger along her lower lip or flipping her hair over her shoulder. She'd never experienced that kind of power, and it became heady.

After two hours of playing, they reached a stalemate. "How about pool?" he suggested after surveying the board and accepting that neither was going to win.

"Pool?" she asked, wide eyed.

"Of course. There" s a wager on the table. We have to finalize the prize."

"You're talking billiards, correct? Not the water sport."

"Absolutely. But if you're afraid of that one as well, I understand. Women have an inferior perception of spatial reasoning so it might be best if we just lay off the gambling."

"You're on," she snapped, but this wasn't out of anger. She understood his game this time and she wasn't falling victim to it twice. "Where's the table?"

"In the game room, of course," he said.

"Of course," she rolled her eyes. "I can't imagine why I thought it was in the kitchen."

She stood and started walking out of the room. She passed by him, still shaking her head when she felt a swat on her bottom. Spinning around, she glared at him. "What was that for?"

"That," he said, towering over her, "was for the sarcasm, my dear."

"You'll pay for that," she warned.

"I hope so," he said softly as he watched her walk out of the room.

In the hallway, she stopped and looked both ways. "Okay, I'm stumped. It took me about a half hour just to find the dining room my first day. I haven't come across a game room yet so you'll have to lead the way."

"Will you always be so ready to let me lead you?" he asked suggestively. But he didn't wait for an answer. He turned to the right and led her down yet another hallway. In front of a set of double doors, he opened them up to reveal a large room with a king size pool table, pin ball machines, a ping pong table and ice hockey machine as well as several other games that she couldn't identify.

"Do you want to set up or break?" he asked, handing her a pool stick.

"I'll break," she answered.

Kasar shuffled the balls and put them into the triangle, then lifted it off for her break. "Same wager?" she asked, walking around to analyze the balls.

"Absolutely."

"Want to up the ante in any way?" she asked and bent down to expertly shoot. With a decisive shot, she sent all the balls spinning off in different directions, two of them going into pockets.

"Let me determine your skill before I ante up anything more."

She went around the table and skillfully put one ball after another into the pockets. When all the balls were gone, she turned back to him triumphantly and smiled. "I guess the youth center is getting a boost to its musical curriculum, huh?" she said and started to put the pool stick away.

"Double or nothing," he challenged and didn't wait for her reply. "This time, make it an additional day plus you come back for the next holiday."

She considered his offer for a moment. "Increase it to dance classes and two teachers and you have a deal," she said.

Kasar moved closer, trapping her between his body in front and the pool table in back. "Deal. If I win, I want a kiss in addition to the three days and holiday," he said and walked around to break the balls.

Sarila couldn't respond. He took her silence for agreement and went about dropping all the balls into the pockets, but even more difficult, he had to call the balls before they dropped or it was her turn. He never missed a shot.

He expertly racked up all the balls, took off the triangle then turned to her, raising one eyebrow as he waited for her to break.

Sarila pursed her lips and walked over to the pool table. This had to be good, she thought to herself. She kept the vision of Kasar kissing her out of her mind and focused instead on the kids that would benefit from the extra dance classes.

She bit her lower lip in concentration and slammed her pool stick at the ball. The balls scattered over the table and one dropped into a pocket.

"Not as good as the last time. I'm hopeful," he said.

Sarila ignored him and concentrated on her next shot. "Three ball in the left pocket," she declared, then bent over, took aim and fired. The ball sunk into the pocket.

"Two ball in the middle," she said. Again the ball fell into the pocket. By the fourth ball, she wasn't so lucky. The ball bounced harmlessly off the side.

All the color drained out of her face as she watched the ball roll back to the center of the table.

"Hmm...interesting shot," he said. He walked around the table, lined up his shot, then sunk the ball. He pocketed three more balls before he missed.

Sarila looked around at the table. None of the shots were very easy. His balls were in front of each of her balls. She'd either have to shoot across the table or bounce it off the side and into the pockets and the angles were tricky.

"Doesn't look promising, does it?" he said, walking closer to her as he watched the table. "What will you do?" he asked

His confidence was starting to undermine her own but she refused to back down. Taking a deep breath, she surveyed the table again and considered her next move. Seeing a shot, she smiled. "Stand back," she said determinedly and walked around the table, resolved to win this game. She bent down, took aim and fired. Thankfully, the ball went into the pocket but it almost didn't. Sarila held her breath as the ball hesitated at the edge of the pocket, stood still for a moment, then finally fell in.

He raised one eyebrow as he looked up at her, noting the anxious expression on her face with an amused one of his own. "Very close. Please proceed," he said and positioned himself opposite her again.

Watching him lean against a wooden column, watching as she considered her next shot, she became rattled. His gaze was too intense and all-knowing for her peace of mind. "I'd rather you not stand in front of me," she said, not able to look him in the eyes at this point.

"Where would you like me to stand?" he asked. "Any view is advantageous as you're lining up your shot, believe me," he said, a sensuous smile on his face.

Sarila stopped viewing the table and looked at him. He was not looking at her face initially. He was too busy surveying her figure as she prepared to bend over the table. Her reaction was instantaneous. Her face flushed and her breathing became erratic. It amazed her that he didn't even have to touch her and her body reacted as if it were on fire.

His eyes slowly lifted to hers and one eyebrow raised questioningly. "Are you going to shoot?"

Sarila took a cleansing breath and tried to focus. Lining up, she calculated the angle, pictured the shot in her mind, then took aim.

Her luck was not with her this time. The shot was too difficult as the ball bounced against the side and rolled over to nudge his ball.

"I guess that means it is my turn," he said and pushed himself away from the stool he'd been leaning against. He looked around, chose his shot, lined it up and sunk the ball. Over and over again, he sunk one ball after another.

Sarila stared at the table feeling a little nauseous. Soon, the table was cleared. Kasar put his pool stick down on the table, took hers and laid it across his. Without a word, he put his hands on her hips and pulled her closer to his body.

"I've been wanting to do this for days," he said softly, moments before his head bent low, his lips touched hers, gently rubbing against hers as he tested their softness and texture. "Put your arms around me," he said.

Sarila's body was rubber. She couldn't have obeyed him in her nervousness so he simply lifted her arms and placed them on his chest, right where he wanted them. He then dipped his head again toward hers.

The second touch of his lips was devastating. It was as if he were reaching into her soul and lighting her on fire. The pressure was demanding but not hard and she responded against her will. Her mind kept telling her that he'd already had his one kiss which was all the bet had been for. But as his lips brushed against hers and his tongue delved into her mouth, all thought of stopping went out the window. Her body took over where her mind had ceased to function.

She felt him pull her body harder against his and she felt his muscles spring to life as her fingers started to explore. Her hands crept up his shoulders and her body stretched to feel more of him against her soft curves.

Kasar moved his hands from her waist to her back and then downward, pulling her hips against his, showing her how much the kiss was affecting him as well.

Sarila moaned softly, unsure of what to do next. She opened her mouth and allowed his tongue to explore, moving hers as well, loving the texture of his lips against hers and the feel of his rock hard body against hers.

His hands slipped under her shirt and the flames only shot higher when skin touched already sensitive skin. Sarila felt as if her body was going to ignite and she pushed against his shoulders, scared of the feelings that he was able to stir within her.

It took several minutes before he understood that she was asking him to stop. Finally, her body language broke through and he stepped back, raking his fingers through his hair. They were both breathing heavily when he stopped and took a step away. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for that to get so out of hand."

She tried to be casual about the experience but in truth, she'd never felt those things. She'd been kissed before. But never had her body reacted to the point that she didn't know where she was or what was happening. There had only been mild curiosity in the past. It had never gone beyond kissing though.

And kissing Kasar was an experience unto itself. He was sex personified, she thought.

"I lost the bet. I'll stay the extra three days," she said and walked quickly out of the game room. It took her several tries, but she eventually found her stateroom.

She threw herself onto the bed and stared at the ceiling, wondering why she'd had such a strong reaction to Kasar. What was it about the man that made her quiver with just the slightest touch? She'd met attractive men before, even muscular ones although none that were both like Kasar. But beyond that, she knew there was something more to Kasar than just looks and muscles, although that combination alone probably attracted more than his fair share of women. It was his aura, his confidence. He had a power that emanated from him and made her stomach flutter, her muscles lose their strength and her body crave to touch and be touched by him.

Pulling the satin coverlet over her now shivering body, she rolled over and closed her eyes, hoping to rid herself of the memory of Kadar's kiss through sleep. Despite what he assumed about her sexual prowess with men, she had actually lived a very sheltered life. She'd run away from home partly because she didn't want to see Kasar flirting, and possibly more, with the other women he brought to the palace and partly because she didn't want to marry him and have the same kind of marriage her parents had.

Her parents fought. She knew they loved but their fights were loud and uncompromising. They never fought around her but she had heard them on several nights when she'd snuck down into the lower levels of their house for various reasons. They never hid their anger from her, only the yelling. She knew they didn't hide their loving either, which they thought made up for the anger. But it didn't. Not in Sarila's mind. She wanted so much more from her future husband. Most of all, she wanted peace and stability, respect.

So she'd left, knowing that staying would only mean marriage to Kasar who was too much like her father in both his opinions and upbringing. She thought that Kasar would be just as temperamental as her father and she didn't want that.

But as she'd gone into the world on her own, she'd found that it was very hard to find a man who measured up to Kasar in looks and confidence. After meeting, dating and talking to many men, she accepted that none had ever measured up to Kadar's brand of masculinity which is what she'd grown up with and what she now accepted was what she was attracted to in a man. With all her dates, she'd never even been tempted beyond a simple goodnight kiss at the end of a date. Most men hadn't been able to deal with that and had moved on to other women. A few had stuck around to get to know her, but they'd ended up as friends and had never crossed over to lover.

So now Sarila was unsure what to do with the feelings that were still tormenting her body from Kadar's simple kiss. Sarila tossed and turned in her bed that night, the silk sheets causing her to think of Kadar's touch and his mouth against her skin or his fingers caressing her body in ways she'd never wanted any other man to do. Finally, toward dawn she fell into a deep, exhausted sleep but dreamt of him chasing her, her hair blocking her view as she looked backwards.

Chapter 6

Sarila didn't sleep well that night. She tossed and turned, wishing her body would calm down and allow her the escape of sleep. But her mind kept going over the kiss and her body reacted each time she thought about his hands and his mouth, the tenderness followed by the demands. It had been exhilarating and terrifying.

She finally fell asleep but it wasn't deep or peaceful. She woke up almost as tired as when she'd gone to bed. The following morning, she pulled on a bikini intending to take her books and notes out to the pool in order to work. She was tired of being cooped up in the salon and thought a break might be a good change.

As soon as she stepped out of her stateroom, she ran into a brick wall.

"Good morning," Kasar said, holding her steady while she found her balance.

"I'm sorry," she said, flustered all over again with his warm hands holding her shoulders.

"No need to apologize. I was just coming to see if you'd eaten breakfast."

She couldn't hold his dark gaze so she stared at the buttons on his chest instead. "No. I was just on my way up."

"Good. I'll join you unless you object," he said.

"That's fine," she said unsteadily, her hungry, tired eyes taking in his muscular body dressed in casual shorts and polo shirt. What was she supposed to say? Please stay away from me or I'm likely to jump your bones and find out what all the fuss has been about with my friends?

She walked ahead of him and tried to come up with some light banter to break the silence. But nothing came to mind. His large, intimidating body was too close behind her, making all her thoughts fly away.

They reached the breakfast room and each of them took a plate and filled it with their breakfast food.

"Why don't you sit down outside and I'll bring you a cup of coffee," he suggested.

"Thank you," she said shyly.

She went out onto the deck and sat in the shade, liking the way the breeze rustled her hair.

Kasar came out a moment later with a cup. "Half a cup of coffee and the rest cream and sugar, right?" he said.

"That sounds great," she said, not even slightly embarrassed that her coffee was more of a dessert than a caffeine fix.

"Where did you run off to last night?" he asked, taking the seat opposite, his tone deceptively quiet as he looked her directly in the eyes, calmly waiting for her reply as if he had all the time in the world.

Sarila couldn't look him in the eye. The memory of how his kiss had affected her was too new in her mind. In fact, her body still hadn't recovered from the effects. She couldn't look at his face for fear of her eyes lingering on his lips, her mind wondering if she'd remembered the feelings correctly and wanting him to kiss her again, just to be sure she hadn't imagined everything. "I just went back to my room to read," she lied, her voice barely above a whisper.

"And hide?"

She brushed a non-existent crumb from her lap. "Why do you say that?" she asked, trying to appear casual.

He didn't answer her immediately. He looked at her curiously as he sipped his coffee. "You're not really as free thinking and liberated as you'd like everyone to believe, are you?"

"I'm not sure I understand your meaning," she said and took a bite of the fruit on her plate. Unfortunately, she glanced up at him and noticed his perceptive gaze resting on her face. The fruit tasted and felt like sawdust in her mouth and she had to concentrate to chew and swallow the delicate melon.

After considering her features for another moment, he responded, "When I first ran into you, I noticed your belly button ring, your skimpy bathing suit and the freedom you felt walking along the beach dressed like that. I came to the conclusion that you were more unconventional. But I'm getting the impression that you're not really..."

"Yes, I am," she interrupted forcefully, fearful that he was going down a path she didn't want him to stray toward. She couldn't let him think she was a virgin. That would mean she might be considered wife material. That was an impression she had to avoid at all costs. "Just because I didn't want to sleep with you, doesn't mean I don't..." she hesitated, trying to say the right words. Her mind had created an image that she couldn't afford to let him ponder.

He smiled slightly. "You can't even say it, can you?"

"Say what?"

"Make love, sleep around, have sex, whatever the term and I'm sure there are several that are more indecent," he said.

Sarila didn't like how close to the truth he was getting. She shrugged and leaned back in her chair, taking a careful sip of coffee. "Think what you like. If you want to believe I'm an innocent, then I'm not going to stop you."

Kasar didn't say anything else on that subject. He was silent as he watched her, his mind obviously sorting through various impressions. Finally he said, "Would you like to go jet skiing later today? I noticed how much you liked the speed of the boat but a jet ski might be more to your liking. You can drive your own."

She didn't like him being considerate. It made her heart melt a little more toward him when he wasn't being antagonistic and domineering. But the idea appealed to her too much. She couldn't hide her curiosity at the idea. "Jet skis? You have one on board?"

"There are two. We'll plan on doing it this afternoon," he said and stood up, taking his cup with him but leaving his breakfast on the table. "I'll see you in a few hours," he said and walked away.

Sarila changed her mind about reading out in the sunshine. After her interlude with Kasar, her mind and body were in overdrive. So instead of reading, she worked happily until lunch time on her lesson plans. Her creative juices were flying high today for some reason. Kasar seemed to be able to infuse her with anger, laughter and creativity all within one meeting, she thought.

"Are you ready?" Kasar said, walking into the salon where she was working. He didn't stop walking until he was right next to her, his body almost touching hers. He surveyed her work, smiling at some of the ideas she'd added in the past few hours.

Looking at her work, she nodded satisfactorily. "Yes. I'm ready," she replied and stretched her aching back and shoulders.

"Sore?" he asked, and put his hands on her shoulders, rubbing the tense muscles and knots that had formed while she bent over her work.

"Oh, that feels good," she said, closing her eyes and enjoying the magic of his hands. "I think I was bent over the table for too long today," she said, rolling her head forward.

After a few minutes, his touch completely relaxed her. When she was more relaxed, his hands moved from being relaxing, to exciting. The touch eased a little but his hands still massaged the muscles, just with a different emphasis.

"What were you working on?" he asked, too near to her ear.

Her heartbeat accelerated and she had to jerk slightly away. "The same thing as yesterday," she said quickly and grabbed a clip to hold back her hair. "I thought you were going to take me out on the jet skis," she said, hoping to break the tension.

His hands quickly dropped from her shoulders to his sides. "So we were," he said easily. "Unless you'd rather talk about why you are nervous suddenly," he countered, turning her around so he could look down into her eyes. "Do I make you nervous?" he asked.

"Not at all," she said and tried to walk away. But his strong hands stopped her and turned her back to face him.

"I think you are lying. And it would be an interesting investigation to find out why you are lying," he said, his mouth a firm line but his eyes were searching, curious.

Taking a deep breath and ducking under his arms, she quickly shuffled some papers. "Kasar, you're supposed to be a magnificent ruler with a perceptive nature but I think you are grasping at air here. I promise you, there's nothing here but my intent to avoid a marriage contract that simply won't work between the two of us," she said.

Kasar was silent for so long, she finally stopped her busy work and glanced back at him. He was standing there, watching her with a small smile on his face and a knowing look in his eyes. He walked over to where she stood and touched her cheek. "So I don't affect you in any way, is that what you are trying to convince me of?" His finger slipped lower, so it was covering the frantic beat of her heart revealed in the pulse at the base of her throat. "Or are you trying to convince yourself?" he asked.

"Kasar..." she started, about to take a step backwards, out of his reach, but he stopped her with a firm but gentle hand on her waist.

"Don't lie to me, Sarila. You can lie to yourself all you want for whatever reason you want. But don't think I'm unable to determine the truth of what is going on between us. You feel it and it scares you. I'm not sure why, though."

She tried to laugh off his statement but the sound came out sounding more like a hiccup. "You're imagining things," she said, shaking her head and glancing down at the floor. "If you don't want to go jet skiing, then that is fine with me. I have plenty of work to do here," she said and turned back to the table containing her lesson plans.

"Come," he said and stepped back himself. "I promised you an afternoon of jet skiing and that is exactly what we'll do. There is more time to explore other....ideas later on," he said and took her small hand in his, guiding her back down to the bottom of the ship where the jet skis were located. They were actually in the same place as the motor boat but she hadn't seen them the previous day, being too absorbed in Kasar at that time.

They spent the afternoon jetting around on the ocean, zig zagging through the ocean's flat surface. Sarila loved the speed and the freedom the jet ski allowed and she challenged Kasar to a race, which he easily won but it was so much fun to race around as if there were no cares or concerns in the world. Just the sun and the freedom to go any direction her mind wanted to take her.

Chapter 7

Sarila watched as Kasar entered the dining room. He always seemed to take her breath away lately, she thought. Tonight was no exception. He was wearing tan slacks with a black shirt tonight, the dark color making him look a little more dangerous. She wasn't sure how he could be more dangerous. He was already a threat to her peace of mind, no matter what he was wearing.

"Good evening," Kasar said, his eyes roving over her figure approvingly. "I like the dress," he said. "What's the occasion?"

"No occasion," she said, looking down at her pretty, yellow sundress. "I just decided to change out of the shorts for a change. And since you were so considerate to fill up the closet with these lovely dresses, I decided to pamper myself."

"I'm glad you like them." His eyes showed his appreciation for the smooth line of her back, the gentle flare of her hips. "They look lovely on you."

He pulled the chair out at the dining room table for her. "One question though," she said as she pulled the napkin down onto her lap. "Were they leftovers?"

"Would that bother you if they were?" he asked, taking the seat at the head of the table as usual.

She forced her shoulders to relax into a casual shrug and flipped her hair back over her shoulder. "I don't think so," she lied, wishing she really could relax.

He placed his napkin on his lap, sat back in the chair and looked at her for a moment before answering. "Well, I can assure you that no, they are not leftovers from a previous guest. Along with the art supplies, I asked that clothes be purchased for you as well. It looks like you don't make a great deal of money, I was offering you a vacation, it just made sense to offer you clothes in which to enjoy that vacation if you were so inclined." His eyes roved over her figure, the gleam of male appreciation evident in his look. "I can see that I guessed your size correctly."

She blushed slightly with the understanding that he had figured out her size. "I guess that is why all the tags were still on the clothes," she said, delighted with his thoughtfulness. "But I can assure you I make a decent income." She sat down in the chair he pulled out for her, then watched in appreciation as the muscles flexed in his arms as he took his own seat.

Kasar didn't mention that he knew exactly what her salary was. "Why is your apartment so sparsely furnished then?" he asked, nodding to the servants to indicate that it was okay to serve the food.

"Oh, I just spend my money in a different way. I don't really spend much time in my apartment. Why should I waste money furnishing it?" She smiled gratefully when a waiter placed a steaming plate of salmon and wild rice with fresh asparagus in front of her. "Thank you, Miles," she said, smiling her appreciation.

"So you don't buy furniture or clothes. I know you don't go on vacations. What do you spend your salary on?" he asked.

"Why do you think I don't go on vacations?" she said evasively.

"I don't think," he said succinctly. "I know because I've read the reports on your activities over the past six years."

Her eyes snapped up to his. She tried to hide her hurt by shrugging it off. "Well, that seems a little invasive," she said.

"Your parents were concerned about you. And I didn't read all the reports, only the summaries. Your parents, I believe, read the daily reports religiously."

Sarila was uncomfortable with the topic but couldn't let the subject drop easily. "There were daily reports?" she asked, wondering if he was exaggerating.

He took a sip of wine before answering. "Your parents love you very much. They miss you and found that the reports were the only way they could be a part of your life. It is just a pity you didn't allow them more."

She could hear the disapproval in his voice and resented it. "I know your thoughts on that subject. Can we move on?"

"How about back? You still haven't told me what you spend your money on?"

"No, I haven't have I?"

Kasar smiled at her challenging expression. "And you're not going to, are you?"

"What do you spend your salary on?" she asked, daring him to answer. "Do you even have a salary?" she asked curiously.

"I have an annual annuity," he confirmed.

"So, do tell," she said and took a sip of chilled white wine, "what does the great Prince Kasar spend his money on?"

"Why do you want to know?" he asked

"Why do you want to know about my spending habits?" she tossed back at him.

"Because you don't seem to have any," he said simply.

She laughed at his response. "Oh, I spend my money. Just not in areas most people think are important," she said, and tasted the salmon. "This is delicious," she said. "Have you ever tried cooking?" she asked, trying to change the subject.

"So you donate all your income to your causes," he said, ignoring her question regarding cooking.

Sarila was startled by his perceptiveness. "I love to cook although I'm not very good at it," she said, ignoring his statement just as he had her question. It wasn't a query she needed to answer and she didn't feel the need to confirm his statement. "You know that phrase "easy as pie" is a complete myth. Pies are actually very difficult to make. Whoever made up that phrase is really a sadist who spread the comment just so others would try and make a pie," she said, wrinkling her nose at the memory of her last attempt at pie making.

"Why is that?"

Sarila purposely mis-understood his question. "I don't know. You just have to have the right consistency in the fruit, I guess," she said, knowing he wasn't asking about pies but about her spending.

"And a more interesting question is why you try to hide it."

"Hide that I'm bad at making pies? I don't, believe me. I invited some friends over one night in anticipation of them tasting my pie. It was a total flop. But we had a good laugh about it."

"Sarila," he warned, "answer my question."

She put down her fork and delicately wiped her mouth. "I don't want to answer any more questions about my spending."

"Why not?"

"Because it is my money and I'll do with it whatever I want." She hoped that would be the end of the conversation so she picked up her fork again and tried to taste another bite of the salmon. But she wasn't hungry anymore.

"I understand and I completely agree. What I want to know is why you've hidden it so well that not even the daily reports picked up on that aspect of your life. Why would you hide such altruism?"

She put down her fork again and sighed, staring out the window at the setting sun. She should know that the man wouldn't relent until he had his answers. Deciding that not answering his questions would only create more questions, she relented although it went against her principles to give in to his persistence. "Since I didn't know I was being watched, I can't really tell you why it didn't show up on the reports. Sounds like a pretty awful investigator, which I'm grateful for and I hope he left out a lot more things that I did."

He was instantly alert. "Such as?" he asked, the tension in his body indicating that her answer was very important to him.

Sarila shrugged, aware of his tension but not sure of its reason. "Oh, I can't think of anything off the top of my head but would you like all your actions viewed, reviewed, jotted down and re-read for someone else's edification?"

He raised one eyebrow sardonically. "You forget my position. All of my moves are reported upon. Either in the press or elsewhere. And everything I do or say is analyzed, taken apart and my next action forecasted. Although I can sympathize with you to a point since you thought you were completely free and independent so finding out you have been....protected," he said for lack of a better word, "probably came as a shock to someone of your independent spirit. But I completely support your parents" wishes to protect you. It is every parent's right to ensure the security of their children."

That took the wind out of her argument because he was right. His actions even reached halfway across the world because she occasionally read about his activities on the internet. "Well, then you know how intrusive it is. You shouldn't have let it go on when you knew it was happening to me."

"At the time, I didn't care."

That stopped her momentarily. "Why not?" she asked, looking right at him now.

He smiled, his eyes warming as he explained, "Because I knew you were being taken care of and we would eventually marry. I was glad someone else had taken the responsibility. Otherwise, I would have had to retrieve you before now and we'd be wed, probably with several children already."

The idea of having Kadar's children was too nice. "Well," she said, clearing her throat and looking down at her plate again. "I guess, it is a good thing I was being watched then isn't it? For both our sakes. Right?"

Kasar didn't answer.

In the awkward silence that followed, she searched for another subject. "Anyway, you never answered my question either. Have you ever had any desire to cook?"

"No." He chuckled at her change of subject.

"Never?" she asked, shocked despite her knowledge of his daily responsibilities which at times could be awesomely full.

He shook his head. "Never. Why is that so shocking?"

"I don't know. I guess for someone who has never been allowed or even encouraged to try it, cooking might be a difficult experience," she said.

"I would imagine that cooking would be relatively simple," he said condescendingly.

Sarila smiled at his arrogance. "Interesting," she laughed. "So if I gave you a recipe, you think you could handle making it?"

"I probably couldn't cook a gourmet meal," he qualified. "But I would imagine that something simple I could do."

"Want to wager on that again?"

He leaned forward, his eyes instantly flaring at the idea. "Same wager as last night?"

"Absolutely," she laughed, more confident over this wager.

"Let's get to it," he said, undaunted by her optimistic smile.

"Now?"

"What better time?" he asked, standing up and pulling out her chair for her.

Sarila laughed, delighted. "Do you even know where the kitchen is?" she asked.

Kasar looked at the two doors connected to the dining room. "My amazing powers of deduction tell me that it is through one of these doors," he said. He looked at the first one and found it connected to a hallway.

They followed that hallway until it came to the sleeping quarters and a cleaning closet. "Well, this obviously isn't it," he said and turned around. There was a moment of awkwardness when he turned around and they found themselves in a space too small to turn in. He pinned her up against the hallway and looked down at her, their bodies touching from neck to hip and she lost her concentration. "But I like the search even if it is a dead end," he said.

She held her breath as he squeezed passed her and she suspected that his hands roamed a little too low on purpose.

They came back to the dining room and took the other door, which immediately led to the galley. All the kitchen members were flown into chaos when Kasar announced that he was going to cook something. After a moment of stunned silence, the chef finally moved into action, demanding that the whole staff clean up the kitchens immediately, then vacate the area.

Within five minutes, all the food was put away and the metal tables wiped immaculately clean. The chef was just leaving when Sarila called out to him in Arabic, "Sir, please wait a moment," she called out.

The man stopped and bowed, "How can I be of service, your highness?" he asked, keeping his eyes down at the floor as he spoke.

Sarila didn't correct him on her title since technically she was a princess. "I need a cookbook. Are there any available?"

He rushed over to a cabinet and opened it, revealing several cookbooks ranging in content from appetizers to desserts. "Thank you," she said and pulled down a dessert book. "This should do the trick," she said, flipping through the pages and reading the various recipes.

Walking over to the main table, she put the book in the middle and leaned over it, reading quickly through the recipes. "I wonder what would be good for dessert," she said, as if to herself.

"Don't rush yourself," Kasar said, leaning against the metal counter opposite her. "Take your time reading through the recipes."

Sarila ignored him as she read through several recipes until she finally came to the one she'd been looking for. She stood up and turned to face him only to find him leaning against another table, his eyes skimming her legs and, she suspected, her bottom.

"Concentrate," she said, her eyebrows drawing together and her cheeks flaring to red color.

"I was," he assured her, a lascivious smile forming on his face.

Sarila handed him the open book. "Here. Make chocolate chip cookies," she said. "I'll even get the ingredients out for you." She moved off to the refrigerator and filled her arms up with butter and eggs. She located the pantry and did the same as he called out the ingredients to her.

Once all the ingredients were laid out, she pulled herself up onto a metal table and waited. Kasar leaned over the recipe book and read the words.

"Tsp?" he asked, looking up at her questioningly.

"Yes?" she asked.

"You're not even going to tell me what a tsp is?" he asked.

"Nope. You said you could do it," she said, grinning cheekily.

Kasar raised one eyebrow, but then bent his head and looked at the ingredients. "Am I missing something?" he asked.

"A bowl, perhaps?" she teased. "Measuring cups? Measuring spoons? You'd better get going. The bet is on."

"You're a mean woman," he said but turned and started searching through the cabinets for a large bowl. He found one, and even located measuring cups and spoons. Then stood over the book for another five minutes trying to figure out what to do next.

"What's the hold up?" she asked.

"I'm trying to figure out how to get melted butter," he explained.

"Ah, yes. Very complicated procedure," she laughed.

Kasar walked over to her table, pulled her up against his body and kissed her hard. "Tell me how to melt butter," he demanded sensuously and nibbled on her lower lip.

Sarila couldn't think. "Tell me," he repeated, and moved his lips lower to her neck.

"This is cheating," she said, gasping as he moved to nibble on her earlobe. His whole body was pressed against hers and she could feel every muscle in his as well as his reaction to their closeness. It both frightened her and gave her courage that she had some sort of feminine power over him.

"No, you didn't say I couldn't ask questions," he said. "I'm just asking," he explained and his finger pushed the strap of her sundress down her arm. His lips followed and he alternated between kissing and nibbling her shoulder and collar bone.

"Microwave," she gasped when his mouth found the hollow of her throat. "In the microwave," she almost yelled.

"Hmm...it might be worth losing the bet if I can continue in this way," he said and moved to her other shoulder to start nibbling there.

"No!" Sarila said and pushed at his shoulders. She laughed as his teeth tickled her neck. "You have to do it on your own!"

He stepped back and watched her, a sensuous gleam in his eyes. "Are you sure you'd rather win the bet? I can probably convince you that our current path is more interesting," he said.

"Are you conceding defeat?" she asked hopefully.

"No." He shook his head and started toward her again.

"Then get to work," she said and pushed at his shoulders again. She wasn't sure what she was thinking. The man was a mountain of muscles as well as being almost a foot taller than she was. Kasar wouldn't move unless he was good and ready.

"I thought I was working," he said and dipped his head to kiss her lips again.

Sarila was tempted to allow him but she remembered the previous night and pulled back. "No way, Kasar. You're not getting any more information from me."

"Who wants information?" he said and touched her lips. "Just one kiss," he said.

Sarila was not strong enough to resist him. He was too charming and besides, she wanted to experience the feelings he could stir within her again. She gave in and kissed him back. As soon as she responded he pulled her body against his, holding her firmly as his mouth explored hers, his tongue moving inside and tasting her, touching her. "You taste like honey," he groaned, then kissed her again, this time with more heat and intensity.

She couldn't respond with words but her body moved against his, needing to feel more of him. Her hands tentatively touched his shoulders and when she realized that it was okay, she touched his neck right above where his collar stopped, loving the feeling of the heat just under her fingertips. Her hands moved into his hair, pulling his head down to hers again.

Kasar pulled his head up and smiled at her. "I guess I'd better focus on this recipe rather than you or I'm going to be out a lot of money, aren't I?"

Sarila could only nod in agreement but she took her hands out of his hair.

"You were saying something about a microwave?"

"Yes. It is over there," she said and pointed to the microwave in the corner of the kitchen.

Kasar brought the sticks of butter over to the black appliance and stared at it. "Where's the handle?" he asked after a moment.

Despite her body that was still pulsing with desire, Sarila laughed at his confused expression. The way he looked instantly relaxed her again and she got back into the spirit of the competition. "Kasar, I think you'd better give in on this one. If you're already stumped at the measuring abbreviations and melting butter, it only gets harder after this," she said.

"Just tell me where the damn handle is," he said, glaring at her teasingly.

"No. You're on your own now. I'm just sticking around for the entertainment value," she said and found a radio that had a CD in it. The player had an American band in it that played soft rock and she flipped it on, then headed back to her perch to watch him. He'd figured out how to open the microwave and was now trying to turn it on.

Unfortunately, he figured it out. And melted butter all over the appliance. When he opened the door after the ding, the greasy mess spilled all over the table below and the floor. If it weren't for his exceptional reaction time, it would have gotten on his beautifully tailored slacks.

"Oh, that is not going to be easy to clean up," she laughed.

Kasar glared at the mess as if that would somehow make the mess disappear. "You knew that was going to happen, didn't you?" he said accusingly.

"No," she giggled. "I was trying to play music, remember? You're the one who didn't realize that melted butter meant turning it into a liquid form from a solid. Most liquids need a container. That's just common sense," she said and hopped down off the table just as he reached her but she couldn't control her laughter. She was able to make it around to the other side of the table in time but he faced her on the opposite side. "Tips like that need to be a little more timely," he growled.

She reached behind her and tossed him a dishrag. "Sorry. I'll watch next time. If you do anything else that might cause a big mess, believe me, I'll speak up," she said, laughing hard now that he was so disgruntled.

Sarila had to admire his tenacity if not his style. He worked hard for the next two hours, mixing and measuring, starting over completely when the bowl filled up with a soupy mush.

She'd never seen anyone so triumphant as Kasar when he pulled out a tray of cookies, only to discover that they were black on the bottom and raw in the center.

"What am I doing wrong?" he demanded after spitting out the disgusting dough.

"Do you concede defeat?" she asked.

He looked at her quietly for a moment, then nodded. "Yes. I concede. You win. Now show me how to make these damn cookies!"

Sarila hopped down off the table and lifted the spoon to his mouth. "First of all, taste," she said, then laughed at his horrified expression.

"What happened?"

"The tsp is an abbreviation for teaspoon. I've never thought of putting a quarter cup of salt into cookies but you're definitely original. And you need to actually measure the flour. The first time, you didn't put enough flour into the batter."

She took out a clean bowl from the cabinet and dumped the other into the sink. "Here, we're starting over. First of all, make sure that the oven is preheated. That was probably why your cookies burned on the bottom. The burners were just starting to heat up when you put the tray in."

She took him through the process of mixing and measuring and how all the ingredients should be put into the batter. He stood behind her and watched, stirring when she told him to stir and generally just seeming to absorb everything she told him.

Within twenty minutes, she handed him two spoons. "Okay, big guy. Put a dollop of the batter onto the tray."

He did so but the second dollop, he put into his mouth. "Hmmm....much more tasty," he said and bent down to kiss her again. He tasted of chocolate and sugar, she thought, eagerly raising her mouth to his. For some reason, she couldn't get enough of his kisses tonight whereas last night, they terrified her. She turned so she could experience the kiss more thoroughly and he took her in his arms and pulled her against him, his hands on her back, waist and sides as he kissed her mouth and neck.

After several minutes, he pulled away. "You're just trying to distract me from my goal of having a cookie for dessert," he growled and smacked her bottom. "Finish the lesson," he said.

Sarila laughed and turned around, wishing she was more offended by his smack. "Fine. Put this tray in the oven, but make sure the wire rack is in the center."

Kasar did as she was told, then turned back to face her. "Now what?"

"Now we wait eight or nine minutes," she said, smiling at him as she started to put leftover ingredients back into the refrigerator.

"You mean we have eight minutes with nothing to do?"

"There's plenty to do," she said and slipped quickly out of his arms" reach. "Put the ingredients away."

"No. I pay several people a great deal of money to do that. You've proven your point on the cooking, but I'm not cleaning," he said. "Not when you are looking so smug over there. I need to show you where my expertise really lies."

"I've experienced that and I can assure you that it is more than noted," she said, laughing as she slipped away again.

He continued to pursue her and eventually cornered her against the wall. With her back against the wall and his hard, muscular chest against hers, she looked up at him, breathless.

"No where to run, is there?" he said and bent his head down.

Sarila didn't want to run anymore. She was intoxicated and addicted to his kisses now. She loved the way he made her feel and her arms instantly moved to wrap around his neck as soon as he bent down to kiss her again.

This time, his hands didn't stop on her waist. With his mouth moving over hers, his hands moved higher, resting just below her breast. When she arched into his hand, he moved it higher and Sarila moaned, her body shivering in reaction. When his thumb flicked over the hardened peak under the fabric of her sundress and bra, her eyes snapped open and she gasp, her body almost collapsing against him, the feelings shooting right through her body, scaring her with their intensity.

The buzzer made her jump out of his arms and she glanced nervously up at him. "The cookies are done," she said breathlessly.

"I'm not," he groaned, his mouth moving back toward hers.

"Kasar no, please. I can't," she said and stepped quickly away, her eyes avoiding contact with his.

Sarila quickly walked over to the oven and put on the protective mitts. She opened the door and pulled out the tray of cookies. She quickly put it onto the table before her shaking hands dropped the soft cookies onto the floor.

"They are ready," she said, still not able to even look at him.

Kasar walked to where she was standing, her hands nervously fiddling with the spatula as she tried to pull the cookies off the tray.

"Sarila," he said, putting his hand over hers, forcing her to stop. "Talk to me. What did I do that you didn't like," he said. His voice was husky and his eyes showed his concern for her fear.

"Nothing. It was all very nice," she said shakily. "The buzzer went off. That's all."

"Then look at me," he ordered.

She couldn't. Sarila ignored his command and focused on the cookies instead. "You have to get the cookies off, otherwise they will stick."

She pulled the cookies off and placed them on the cooling rack, not taking her eyes off her task for even a moment.

"Are you going to try one?" she asked, staring down at the small pile of cookies that were now cooling.

Kasar picked one up and tasted it. "They're good," he said.

She took the oven mitts off and smiled in his general direction. "Well, I'd better get to bed...I mean, to sleep," she clarified, her cheeks flaring at her slip. "I'm going to sleep," she said again.

"Sarila stop," Kasar ordered.

She heard the voice of authority and considered ignoring him but she thought he might just stop her physically and she wasn't sure she could handle him touching her again. She might just melt into his arms again or possibly run screaming, terrified from the room. She wasn't sure which reaction would be better.

"What did I do wrong?" he asked as soon as he was standing behind her.

She couldn't look at him to reply. "You did nothing wrong. Believe me," she said and tried to leave. But he stopped her with his hands on her upper arms.

"Then why are you running away again?"

"Kasar, I think..." she stopped. She couldn't tell him she wasn't really what she'd presented herself to be. There would be no reason for him to back out of the betrothal. "I just don't think this is a good idea," she finally finished.

He stared down at her flushed face, his angry eyes noting her trembling hands and lips. "You're not really as free with your body as you'd like everyone to believe, are you?" he asked. "In fact, I think what I just did scared you because you'd never felt those feelings before, have you?"

Sarila looked up at him and shook her head. She didn't know what she'd done wrong, but she had to counter his opinion and do it fast. "That's not it at all," she said. "I just don't want to...." She couldn't even figure out an appropriate response.

Kasar let his hand drop down her shoulder along her arm and smiled. "I think one of us is lying," he said softly.

Sarila shivered and stepped out of his reach. She tried desperately to appear casual and unaffected by his touch but was terrified that she was failing. "Kasar, you're making too much of this. I just think sleeping with each other would be a bad thing at this juncture in our lives. You're looking for a wife which isn't me and I'm looking for freedom. With all the spies on this ship who might report to our parents, we really should remain just friends."

Kasar eyed her closely. "I can assure you that everyone on this ship is completely loyal to me. Not a word of our actions will be brought back to our parents unless one of us tells them."

She shook her head, knowing how things worked. "Even you can't guarantee something like that. You know how much people talk. Even casual comments might jeopardize our goal. Goodnight, Kasar," she said and fled out of the kitchen.

Kasar watched her leave the kitchen, noting how her hips swayed slightly with each step. She carried herself as if she were already a queen, he thought. What is more, he suspected that she was trying to present an image to him that wasn't necessarily the truth. She obviously hadn't been with many men if his instincts were correct. And whoever had been her previous lover hadn't taught her much in the way of lovemaking. He sensed that the things he was doing to her were all new.

Furthermore, Kasar suspected that he didn't care if she'd been with another man. He wanted her enough to ignore that fact. He didn't like the idea of another man touching her in the past, but she was extremely intelligent and compassionate. He acknowledged to himself that those two qualities were much more important to him in a wife than innocence.

He ran his hands through his hair and glanced at the tray of cookies they'd spent three hours baking. He chuckled to himself as he picked up a second cookie, taking it with him as he left the kitchen to go to his office.

He considered that his mindset was traveling too far to the West if he was ignoring the idea of another man touching his fiancee.

He didn't question the fact that he was now thinking of her as his fiancee instead of only his unwanted betrothed. He wanted her more than he'd wanted any other woman. What's more, she intrigued him and more astonishing, he actually respected her. There weren't many women he actually respected although he acknowledged that he hadn't take the time to get to know many of them. That was a feeling he didn't think he'd have for this woman in particular.

Those qualities didn't amaze him. He'd liked and respected women in the past. He'd met many women from all over the world. But there was some un-definable quality about Sarila that got to him. Something that made him want to hold her close and take care of her, assure her that everything would be okay. And then make love with her until neither one of them cared if the rest of the world crumbled outside their bedroom, he added grimly. He'd only been around the woman for four days and he'd basically been either fully or semi aroused almost continuously during that time. He'd have to do something about this situation.

Chapter 7

Sarila went back to her stateroom and fell onto the bed. This was the second night in a row that she'd stared up at the ceiling, trying to get her emotions and body to calm down.

Kasar would be the ultimate lover, she thought. No man had ever been able to touch her like that and make her feel such intensity. She knew she was very close to just throwing in the towel and begging him to finish what they kept starting.

The thought occurred to her that it was possible to have an affair with him and then just walk away. Could she enjoy the feelings he stirred within her without any emotions attached?

Probably not, she told herself. That wasn't her style. She'd always known that when she gave herself to a man, it would be for something more than simple physical gratification.

Sarila acknowledged that what she felt for Kasar was more than just physical though. She liked talking to him. He made her laugh and get angry with little effort. And she liked listening to him talk about the problems in Abasar. He would be a great king some day. He cared deeply about the people and what happened to them. Their future was in his hands and he took that responsibility very seriously.

She changed into a pair of pajamas, tying the draw string at her waist and climbing into bed. The satin sheets felt wonderful against her skin and she wished she had the courage to take off her clothes and sleep naked.

That thought brought her back to her predicament with Kasar. His comment scared her. What had she done to make him think she was innocent? She was, but how had he known that?

She'd have to do something drastic tomorrow to change his mind. She couldn't let him go on thinking that she was fit to be his wife. She'd have to bring him back to his original thinking. She needed his arguments against her parents to prove that they were not suited to be married.

She fell asleep considering different ideas. They were too silly to really take any action. She considered flirting with the rest of the crew, but since they absented themselves whenever she or Kasar were around, she wasn't sure if she could even find one let alone flirt with them. And besides, Kasar would most likely fire anyone caught flirting with a guest. That would jeopardize someone's future employment just to make a point and that wouldn't be fair.

She could start making phone calls to her friends back in California. But she'd have to make sure Kasar was around at the time so she could make suggestive comments to them. Sarila didn't really know much about making suggestive comments so that might work, but she'd really have to script something to make it work. And timing on that would be difficult.

She fell asleep with no viable ideas.

Sarila surveyed her closet the following morning. There were several dresses that looked pretty but she had to do something drastic today. She picked up a red bikini that was hanging on the wall. Did she dare? It wasn't very risque in itself, but if she didn't wear the top....

Would that prove to him that she was not so innocent? Did she have the courage?

Sarila put the bathing suit on and looked at her image. She had relatively large breasts but the rest of her was thin and fit. The suit looked nice. She pulled on the matching cover up, tying it to her waist, deciding she needed to work up to going topless. The cover up was a sheer piece of red chiffon that was more suggestive than concealing.

She picked up a hat and carried a book with her. She was nervous about what she was planning, not sure if she could actually go through with it but determined to try.

He met her in the breakfast area and his eyes sharpened when he took in her body scantily clad in the red bikini so early in the morning.

"What are your plans for the day?" he asked, turning to get her a cup of coffee.

"I thought I'd sit by the pool and read. What about you?"

"I have work to do," he said and set her coffee cup in front of her. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

"Not really," she said, trying to sound casual. "I'll have the staff bring me something later if I get hungry. What are you working on today?" she asked, putting her sunglasses on so he couldn't see the nervousness in her eyes. She was so nervous, she didn't dare pick up the cup, afraid it would rattle in the delicate china saucer.

"I have phone calls to make," he said. A servant came up behind him and handed him a written message, then quickly walked away.

Kasar read the message, then crumpled it up in his hand, tossing it onto the table.

"What was that about?" she asked, sensing his frustration.

"One of the tribal leaders in the north is still pushing to get the road to not go through is village. Nothing that can't be overcome, but it will be difficult to negotiate. The man seems unwilling to even discuss the issue."

She tapped her finger against her nose absently as she thought back to her previously overheard conversation between her father and mother when she was a teenager still at home. "Hmm...if it is a stubborn leader from the north, it can only be one of two people. I'm guessing it is Mohammed Idir. Am I right?" The subject change calmed her down. This was turf she could understand, she told herself.

Kasar looked at her sharply and nodded. "Correct."

"You should have known that he'd object," she replied casually and sipped her coffee.

He raised one eyebrow in obvious skepticism. "Why is that?"

Sarila frowned. "Because his granddaughter was hit by a car about fifteen years ago when she went to the capital one day. She recovered, but it was a serious accident. It was touch and go for a while."

Kadar's eyes sharpened at the memory. "Now that you mention it, that incident does ring a bell. That would make sense. He's not even trying to negotiate this road. Just telling his people that they should oppose it."

Sarila laughed and nodded her head, knowing that the stubborn old tribal leader would probably stage a sit in if it would work. "Tell him you understand his position and it will go through Istim instead."

Kasar immediately shook his head, denying her solution out of hand. "The tribal leader of Istim is opposed to the government. He's been causing problems for the past twenty years with mischief. I refuse to reward him now because of all the trouble he's caused."

Sarila shook her head just as he had a moment ago. "You're not going to put the road through Istim. Just tell Mohammed Idir that you're going to do that. The leader of Istim is Mohammed Bening. Unless things have changed dramatically in the past six years, which I doubt, those two have hated each other for several decades and compete with each other over the smallest bag of rice. At least they used to," she said, shaking her head at the memory of her father discussing their nuisance arguments that were constantly brought to the government's notice.

He eyed her skeptically but kept on listening. "You think pitting the two against each other will resolve the road issue? I'm not sure it will do any good."

Sarila sighed and shook her head. "Kasar, think about it. You're not going to divert the road that I'm guessing is nearly to Istim's doorstep, right?" she only waited long enough for him to nod his confirmation. "So moving the road would be a huge disruption and expense. All you need to do is nudge the old rivalry between Idir and Bening, use it to your advantage for once. Bening will be delighted that you're giving him something that will help him with his silly little plots against you but that will bring Istim to the negotiating table. You can then back off the offer to Bening, offer to ensure that the road is adequately marked, add in a fence to block off walkers and a walking bridge over the highway to ensure safety. Kill two birds with one stone, so to speak. Then you can explain to Bening that Istim's loyalty is more important and he'll receive the road. You punish Bening for his irritations in the past and reward Istim but still provide for the safety of his village."

Kasar considered her idea. He had forgotten about the irritating battles that raged between the two villages. They had been fighting with each other for so long it didn't even make it to his daily reports anymore since no one got hurt now. Her idea had merit on several sides.

Another servant appeared and handed him yet another note. Kasar read the message and smiled. "Sarila, I believe you might have hit upon something," he said and stood up. He quickly bent over her chair and kissed her soundly before moving off and inside the ship.

Sarila sat there, unable to move after his brief kiss. She wasn't sure her legs would carry her anywhere. And he'd left before she could carry out her plan of walking to the pool, taking off her top and laying down on one of the loungers. She had been hoping he would watch her and then move off into the ship in disgust.

How was she supposed to repulse him with her promiscuous actions if he wasn't around to view them, she thought angrily, draining her coffee cup.

She stood up and walked over to one of the pool deck chairs. She dropped her book onto the extra wide chairs which were large enough to hold three people. Sarila looked up at the sky and sighed. It was still a beautiful day so she might as well spend it in the sunshine reading as opposed to inside working some more.

She sat down and pulled her book onto her lap. With her hat on her head and sunglasses shading her eyes, she considered her options. Should she just do it anyway? He was sure to come back and give her information about Istim and Idir. Or at least be back here for lunch. As far as she knew, he hadn't eaten any breakfast so he'd probably be hungry pretty soon.

His words from the previous night came back to haunt her. She'd better do something and it would have to be pretty drastic. They could not arrive back in Abasar with him not able to argue that she was too promiscuous. And it had to be convincing.

With shaking fingers, she reached behind her and untied the strings to her top. The top loosened and she tossed it down on the cushion next to her. But after only a second or two, she rolled onto her stomach, hiding her bare breasts. She pulled the book over to her and started reading.

After an hour, her neck started to hurt. She laid her head down on the cushion and within moments, she was fast asleep. After two sleepless nights, she was unable to keep herself from falling asleep under the warm sunshine.

Two hours later, Kasar hung up the phone and smiled to himself. His aid, Nabir, was seated across the table from him and returned the smile. "That was a stroke of genius, your highness," he said.

"I agree," Kasar laughed, astonished at how quickly the issue had been taken care of. The road would go through Istim's village and Bening was probably already on his way to the capital to lobby for a road to be built through his town as well. The man had initially been delighted when Kasar had called but dismayed when he realized he was on a conference call with Istim. The two had immediately started arguing back and forth but within fifteen minutes, Kasar stepped back in and worked out the details.

Kasar shook his head in astonishment at how easy and ingenious the idea had been. "I wish I could take credit for the idea, but it came from Sarila. She was the one who remembered their feud. She also remembered the reason why Istim was so opposed to the road coming through."

Nabir nodded, smiling himself at the outcome of what could have been a severely trying day as they attempted to persuade a stubborn old tribal leader to support a plan he had been mysteriously against. "Thank goodness for her Highness. A man couldn't ask for a better wife," he said sagely.

Kasar agreed. "I guess the only thing left now is to tell her that her plan worked. Can you send a messenger to bring her here?" Kasar asked and turned to start reading another report.

When Nabir didn't instantly rise to carry out the task, Kasar looked up curiously. Nabir was actually blushing. "What's wrong, old friend?" Kasar asked, leaning forward again. It was a rare moment that the ever calm Nabir had a moment of discomfiture.

"I think it would be best if you relayed the good news to her yourself," he said with a knowing look toward his employer.

Kasar didn't understand. "What's the issue, Nabir?"

Nabir cleared his throat and smiled tightly. "I believe your future bride has chosen to show you she is still unworthy of the position," he said.

It took only a moment for Kasar to understand his advisor's meaning. Kasar laughed heartily. "Is she now?" he said and rose from the desk. "I'm guessing from the expression on your face that I'm going to enjoy her latest act of defiance, aren't I?" he said, already halfway out of the office.

"She's by the pool," Nabir called out.

Nabir's direction was heeded. Kasar stopped by his room and changed into his bathing suit, then headed on deck to find out what she had done this time. He was very eager to find out. Maybe she was wearing a smaller bathing suit than what she'd worn earlier. He hoped not. That one had just about floored him when she'd shown up. He'd been expecting her normal shorts and shirt so when she'd shown up in a bathing suit with a sheer piece of fabric covering her legs and hips, his body had instantly hardened to the point of pain.

Kasar took the stairs to the upper deck two at a time and looked around to find her. As soon as his eyes caught sight of her, he was just as hard again as he had been this morning. His eyes caught the scrap of red material next to her and no telltale sign of the material across her back.

Kasar walked over to her chair and noticed she was asleep. He picked up a bottle of sunscreen that was always kept available for guests' use and then sat back down on the lounger, tossing the bikini top onto the deck beside him, completely out of her reach.

He was merciless. With a quick squeeze, he poured a large amount of sunscreen on her back. The cold liquid instantly woke her up but Kasar was disappointed when she didn't come all the way up, still hiding her beautiful breasts against the cushions.

"What are you doing?" she demanded, fixing her sunglasses so they were better settled on her nose.

"You're burning," he said. "The sun out here is pretty dangerous," he explained. "Relax and I'll put sunscreen on your back," he said.

"I did that in my stateroom before coming out here," she said, her voice sounded desperate. His hands on her back were burning her skin more harshly than the sun ever could. The heat from his hands was making her weak and shaky at the same time and something was happening elsewhere too. Desire was pooling between her legs, making her want to moan in pleasure so intense it was almost painful to endure.

Kasar moved his hands across her back in a soothing motion. "That was over two hours ago. You should apply sunscreen every thirty minutes or more," and his hands dipped off to the sides, touching the soft sides of her breasts, then quickly moving back onto her back.

"You really don't have to do this," she said, her breath coming in gasps now as his hands moved sensuously across her back.

"Of course I do. I have a responsibility to make sure you arrive safe and sound to Abasar," he said. "What would your parents think if I brought you home and you were red like a lobster?"

"They would say I was not very responsible, which I am," she said. "Please, Kasar..." she said, then moaned as he put the cold lotion on her legs. His hands followed moments later, warming the lotion and moving along her upper thighs, inside, outside, his fingers sliding under the elastic of her bikini bottoms then down to the sensitive skin behind her legs. Her calves received the same attention as did her feet and Sarila was unable to say anything more as his hands moved along her body, creating a path of fire wherever they went.

"The back is done," he said into her ear, his chest touching her back and his hand resting on the small of her back, moving lightly along her spine, making her back arch and her hips move restlessly. "Turn over and I'll do the front," he whispered.

"Kasar, I can't," she said, her voice coming painfully past her throat.

"Yes you can," he countered. "Roll over," he said.

She couldn't answer because his fingers were moving along her sides touching her breasts as if by accident.

She arched into his hand, her body responding despite her mind's attempts to tell him to stop.

"Turn over, Sarila," he said again.

This time, he prompted her with his hands and she couldn't stop him. Her body turned over of its own accord and Sarila found herself staring up at his face, watching as his eyes looked at her, moving downwards to gaze at her bare breasts, her nipples already hard and proud, waiting for his touch. They don't have to wait long. Kasar moved his hand slightly, his fingertips touching the sides again, then moving around to her ribcage, resting just underneath the soft mounds.

"You're beautiful," he said. "More beautiful than I could have imagined."

Sarila's hands were laying at her sides but with his words, she put them on his face, her fingers sliding into his hair and pulling him down to kiss her waiting lips.

She kissed him with all the passion that he had ignited within her, moving her tongue into his mouth without waiting for his first. Her body arched and his hand moved to her breast, his palm finally covering her nipple and she gasped as he moved his hand over her breast.

"Relax," he said, his mouth barely moving from hers as he said the word. Then he was kissing her again, his hand still moving over her breast, massaging the aching flesh. His thumb flicked over her nipple and Sarila cried out, her eyes flashing wide open but his mouth just covered hers again, distracting her from his thumb.

His mouth moved from her lips to her jaw, then slowly made its way over to her ear, nibbling on the sensitive lobe, then moving downwards to her neck. Eventually, his mouth reached its goal and when his lips kissed the hard peak, she just about lifted off the lounge chair. She pulled at his hair as her voice cried out but he ignored her cries and his mouth covered her nipple, his tongue rubbing across the sensitive peak. Instead of pulling at his hair, her hands started clinging to him, keeping his mouth where it was.

She had no concept of time or place. All she knew was that fire was shooting through her veins and it was all connected to Kasar and his mouth that was now moving to lathe her other nipple with the same attention as the first.

It wasn't until his hand moved lower, a thumb pulling at the elastic of her bikini bottoms that Sarila gained a conscious thought. Then the panic set in. She grabbed his hand and pulled, stopping him from moving any further.

"What's wrong?" he asked, his eyes confused. When he saw the panic in her eyes, his head dropped to her bare chest and he sucked in his breath.

When she tried to move out from underneath him, he grabbed her wrists and held her still. "Sarila, I know you're terrified right now but if you move, even an inch, I can't guarantee that I'll be able to stop. I'm trying with every fiber of my being to control myself now, but you feel too good underneath me. So don't move!" he said through gritted teeth.

Sarila froze, not even letting her body take in oxygen. She too was throbbing with the unleashed passion but it was also the very thing that was scaring her. She couldn't handle these feelings and didn't understand what he was going to do next. Oh, she understood the mechanics of the sexual act, but no one and nothing in her past had prepared her for the almost vicious desire that had been ripping through her system, tearing her sanity to shreds.

With a few choice words, Kasar stood up and with one deft movement, dove into the cold water of the pool. Sarila quickly found her bathing suit top and put it on, knowing now that this had been a very bad move on her part.

She watched in shame as Kasar swam laps for over twenty minutes, pushing himself harder and harder with each lap. She knew he was trying to get her out of his system and cool down his body. She also wanted to dive into the water since her nerves were just as strung out. But she didn't dare come close to him by diving in and trying to cool off herself.

Finally, he got out of the water and dried himself off. Without a passing glance, he walked by her. "I'll see you tonight at dinner, Sara."

Sarila waited at least fifteen minutes, hoping to give him enough time to get back to his stateroom before she stood up, grabbed her book and did the same thing. As soon as she was alone, she took off the bathing suit and threw it into the trash, not wanting to ever see it again, much less wear it.

She walked into the bathroom naked and turned on the shower to cold, then stepped in, gasping when the icy spray hit her body. But it did the job. She was distracted enough to not feel like her body was going to explode from the feelings his touch ignited. She dressed in a pair of khaki shorts and a white shirt, then stayed in her room trying to read for the rest of the day. She didn't leave for lunch, not wanting to accidentally run into Kasar. She didn't know if he'd had a chance to calm down, but she didn't want to find out, just in case he was still angry with her.

By dinner, she was starving. She knew she could call for something to be delivered to her room, but she remembered his parting shot that he'd see her at dinner. She didn't want to cower in her room. If she did, he'd know that she was hiding. As torn apart as she was currently feeling, she just couldn't stand the thought of him knowing she was hiding from him, even if that's what she desperately wanted to do. Pride was a painful thing to maintain, she told herself. She surveyed the dresses available and chose a simple white dress with a full skirt that tied at the waist with a black bow. She tied her long black hair into a braid, then twisted it around, pinning it at her neck.

Looking in the mirror, she knew that she at least looked sophisticated, even though she didn't feel like it. She felt like an eighth grader after her first date that had gone badly. Now she had to face her date in school and was ashamed. At least she didn't have all of her classmates to face as well, and possibly scoff. Only Kasar to laugh at her, and be angry with her. Would he still be furious? Or would he have calmed down enough to understand her perspective? She doubted the latter.

Squaring her shoulders, she walked determinedly out the door. She knew she had to face him eventually so it might as well be now. Delaying the inevitable only created more problems later on. She knew she looked her best and that was about the only armor she was going to have with Kasar since he stripped all of her other defenses away.

She walked into the dining room and found Kasar already there. He wasn't drinking a glass of wine tonight. He was nursing a bourbon, straight up and looking anything but calm.

He didn't say anything as she walked into the room but his eyes traveled from her jet black hair neatly tied up all the way down to her black, strappy sandals.

"Do I pass inspection?" she asked, smiling in an effort to break the ice.

He didn't answer immediately. When her smile started to falter, he said, "You'll do." With that, he sat down at the table and nodded to the servant who was waiting to serve them.

Sarila sat down in the chair next to him and smiled gratefully to the servant who placed a plate of grilled lemon chicken, steamed broccoli and some sort of cheesy potato in front of her. "Thank you," she said.

She sampled the chicken and found that it was tender and juicy with a wonderful herbal tang to it. "Oh, this is delicious," she said, trying to come up with a topic of conversation to break the tension.

"I'll take your word for it," he said, and took another sip of his drink. He didn't touch his meal, but just sourly stared across the table at her.

Sarila was self-conscious but tried to put on a good front. Smiling brightly, she searched valiantly for some sort of conversation. "Did you get a lot of work done today?" she asked, changing the subject.

"No."

Her smile faltered with his one word reply. Obviously, he wasn't going to help her with the other half of the conversation. "Oh, well, neither did I," she said, but her words trailed off toward the end.

He didn't elaborate, but continued to nurse his drink. Sarila struggled to come up with another topic but her mind drew a blank. She just continued to eat but it turned out that she wasn't as hungry as she'd originally thought. At least, she wasn't interested in eating when Kasar just sat across from her, staring at her and sipping his drink. She couldn't tell if he'd had more than one drink but she knew she didn't want to find out.

When half her dinner was gone, she put her fork down and smiled up at him. "Did you resolve the issue with the roads?" she finally thought to ask.

"Yes. Your solution worked. Thank you for suggesting it," he said brusquely.

Again, he didn't elaborate and she was out of ideas. Her mind scrambled for another topic. "How is your father doing?"

"Fine."

Sarila nodded. "And your mother?"

"Fine as well."

"Have you spoken to either of them in the past few days?"

"No."

Her shoulders slumped. "Well, I'm sorry to hear that."

Kasar stood up and walked to the window. Sarila also stood up, trying to think of a topic that would engage him a little more. "Would you like to play a game tonight?" she asked.

Kasar swung around and looked at her, his eyes penetrating deep into her soul. She backed up a step, then continued backing up with each step he took toward her. "No, Sara. I don't want to play a game," he rapped out, his anger finally showing in no uncertain terms. "I want to pull you into my arms, carry you downstairs to my bedroom, tear off those clothes and make love with you. Play a game? I'm sorry, but you're the only one that is good at that. I don't like playing games," he said and slammed his glass down into the table, took her into his arms and kissed her hard. This kiss wasn't meant to seduce but to punish and it did that very effectively in Sarila's mind. But it didn't diminish its effect on her system. It seems that any kind of contact with Kasar just flamed her desire into a raging fire again.

After only a moment, he released her and walked quickly out of the dining room, leaving Sarila to stare after him, her fingers touching her bruised lips gently.

She looked at the glass he'd just put down. He was right, she told herself. She was playing games. Both with him and with herself. She wanted him unlike any other man she'd ever known. And she only had eight more days to be alone with him. She walked over to the window that looked out onto the setting sun. Soon they would arrive in Abasar and they would talk to their respective parents and explain that their relationship simply would not work. Their parents would be upset but they would break the betrothal contract. After that, she would fly back to California, he'd continue to rule Abasar and eventually be crowned king and she would probably never see him. And if by some bizarre reason she did see him at some sort of event or even on television, he would be married to someone else.

Sarila had had a crush on him since she was thirteen years old and had truly started looking at men as something other than just another source of irritation. In the beginning, she had been proud to know that Kasar would eventually be her husband. She had been happy with her future until that fateful day she'd seen him kissing another woman in the gardens. It had been her jealousy that had pushed her out the door and into another life, one without him or her parents. Did she really want to do that again but with the knowledge as an adult of what things could have been like between the two of them? Did she want to go back to California and find a husband to marry that could only produce half of the feelings Kasar produced within her?

Or did she want to find out what all the fuss was about with a man who knew how to turn her on? She could experience what real lovemaking was like before she had to go home again to her cold, barren existence. She'd never really dated anyone before Kasar showed up. Why did she think someone was going to magically appear after she left him? As a lover, she could never ask for anyone better than Kasar.

But if she followed the path her mind was considering, what would be the consequences? She could get pregnant. But there were ways to avoid that happening.

The only real danger was her heart. But with a cold analysis of the situation, she knew that her heart was already gone. She'd never stopped thinking about him, but now she knew him as a man. She'd only been back around him for four days and already, she was fascinated with his every move, wanted to talk to him all the time, ask him questions.

Sighing, she knew that there was only one course of action. She drank the rest of her wine and watched the sun set on the horizon. When there was no more orange ball, only the brighter blue on the horizon that eventually faded into black, she went in search of the man on her mind.

She found his room accidentally. It wasn't on the floor with all the other guest rooms. It was on the upper floors and had a double door with the Abasar insignia on it.

She lifted her hand to knock and scowled at the shaking. But she forced herself to knock anyway. It was now or never, she told herself.

The door opened almost instantly and Kasar stood there, wrapped in only a towel, wet little droplets still on his chest. She stared at those drops, fascinated by them, wanting to touch them and see if they were cold like the shower he probably just took or if they were warm like his skin.

"I'd be glad to stand here and let you admire my chest, but I'm more interested in the reason for your visit," Kasar said, his voice deep and his hands on his hips.

"I wanted to apologize about this morning," she said, her voice quivering.

Kasar shook his head and pulled her into the room, closing the door behind her. "That's fascinating but I'd be more interested in finding out why it couldn't wait until tomorrow morning," he said and disappeared behind a door. He came out a moment later with a robe on.

She watched as he tied the sash, then walked over to look down at her. "Sara?"

"Yes," she said, snapping out of her trance. "I'm sorry. I just...I..." she couldn't come up with the words to tell him her motives. She could still see his chest through the folds of his robe that didn't quite cover him. The sparse, black hair that peeked out through the thick, white terry cloth fascinated her. Her hands itched to touch it, to feel it through her fingers and touch the skin and muscles underneath.

"That still doesn't help me." Kadar's words snapped her out of her sexual fantasy.

Taking a deep breath, she took the step that separated them. Putting her palm on his chest, she could feel his beating heart. Looking up at him, she licked her lips and smiled tentatively. "I wanted to finish what we started," she said.

He grabbed her wrist in a painful grip. "Do you have any idea what you're playing at Sarila?" he demanded. His other arm wrapped around her waist and pulled her against his body.

She didn't struggle against him, just looked up at him with her desire in her eyes. "I'm not playing, Kasar. I want you. I just don't know... well, I don't really know exactly how to tell you," she finally got out. Her words were little more than a whisper at the end.

His grip stopped being painful on her wrist but his other arm pulled her closer. "Don't tease me Sarila. A man can only take so much," he said. "I want you now. If you aren't ready for this, then you'd better leave right now."

She continued to look at him. "I'm not going anywhere," she said. Her gaze dropped to his lips and she licked hers, feeling parched suddenly.

"Put your hands on me," he said, his voice rough.

She did as he said, one hand slipping inside his robe exactly as she'd longed to do only moments before, the other moving around his neck.

"Now what?" she asked.

"Kiss me," he said.

She lifted herself up on her toes and placed her lips on his still ones. She wasn't deterred, though. She rubbed her lips against his exactly as he had done to her earlier. When he still didn't move or respond, she touched her tongue to his lips, gently rubbing back and forth, nibbling on his lower lip, her fingers touching his strong jaw and moving to the side to slip up into his thick, black hair.

The sharp intake of his breath was the end of her wait. His mouth took over, covering hers, his thumb moving up to her mouth to force it open so his tongue could move inside. She didn't mind though. In fact, that allowed her hands to move higher, her fingers to tangle in his hair.

Sarila groaned when his hand moved to her sundress, the strap falling down and his mouth moved from hers to travel along her jaw, eventually coming to her ear then moving down to kiss her collar bone. "Touch me," he groaned and pushed her hand against his chest.

Her fingers didn't need any additional permission. They moved to his shoulder, pushing the fabric of his robe away just as she felt the zipper slide slowly down her back, gently releasing her dress which fell gracefully to the floor.

Kasar stood back and took in her body, standing in front of him in a lacy black bra, matching underwear and only her high, black sandals. Sarila tried to cover herself but his hands stopped her. Again, he pulled her hands to his skin, then pulled it lower, directing her hand to pull the loose belt. Sarila started to undo it, but at the last minute, she lost her nerve and pushed her body against his.

Kasar chuckled and finished pulling the robe off but had a moment of compassion. As soon as the robe fell to the floor, he pulled her against him, groaning again as their skin touched. "I want you," he said and lifted her in his arms, placing her gently in the center of the bed.

He stood up and looked down at her, his body fully naked and unembarrassed by it. Kasar came down after her, his body held just inches above hers, held there by his strong arms as his mouth reached down and took her nipple, the sparks of desire increased as the lace rubbed against her nipple and his tongue, creating a friction that drove her mad.

Then suddenly, the fabric was gone and it was only the heat from his mouth covering her nipple. Sarila arched her back and gasped at the same time. "Kasar!" she exclaimed, her hands gripping his shoulders and her legs moving restlessly against the bed. "Please!" she pleaded but wasn't sure what she was asking for.

"Tell me what you like," he said and moved his mouth to the other breast, giving the other nipple just as much attention. "Do you like that?" he asked.

"Yes, don't stop," she said, her hands diving into his hair and holding his head in place. His hand moved downward, gliding against her waist, her hip, then to her thigh. Eventually, he moved to the inside of her thigh but Sarila's legs closed quickly. She was unsure what to do and embarrassed that her body wanted so much for him to touch her in the most private place.

"Open up for me, Sarila," he said, his voice husky as he whispered in her ear, taking her ear lobe between his teeth while his hands made small circles over her stomach and her thighs. "I promise I won't hurt you," he said.

Sarila opened her eyes and looked at him, her body becoming hotter when her eyes connected with his heated glance. His hand moved upwards, his fingers touching her nipples, one finger circling the hard pebble which made her hips move once again. Kadar's hand slowly moved downward and this time Sarila didn't close up. In fact, her body opened to his questing hand without question.

When one finger entered her, Sarila cried out in shock and pleasure. As he touched her nubbin, she was unable to stop the feelings that exploded within her. Throwing one leg over his, she arched her back and cried out as her first orgasm took over, her body closing around his finger and throbbing.

Eventually, she calmed down and opened her eyes, her hand reaching up to touch his cheek. "Oh, my," was all she could say.

Kasar chuckled, a deep chested laugh that lit up his eyes and heated her skin just as strongly as any touch from him could. "I'm afraid that's only the beginning, little one." His mouth came down on hers just as his fingers moved back inside her. This time, his legs spread hers, making room for his hips. But Sarila was no longer nervous. In fact, when his lips touched hers, the flames flared up once again and her hips moved restlessly underneath his.

"Kasar!" she said, when his finger moved slightly, flicking her aroused flesh but he wouldn't take her further this time. "Why?" she demanded, straining for the release she'd just experienced and he'd given her so easily. But now he was holding back and driving her wild. "Why?" she asked again.

"Hold on to me, Sarila," he said and held her shoulders as his body moved into her slick one. Sarila gasped as his body filled hers, the movement heating her up and her body was bracing for the next climax. "I'm sorry," he said and a moment later, pushed against the barrier that claimed she was still a virgin.

Sarila gasped and froze but almost instantly, the pain was gone, replaced by the demanding pulse of her body. Looking up, she bit her lower lip, her hands moving to his shoulders and smiling up at him. "I'm okay," she assured him, one finger smoothing the worried lines across his forehead.

With a moan, Kasar moved and the friction of his body against hers caused a heat wave to crash against her. She moved with him, increasing the pleasure and within moments, she was exploding again, this time more intense and her legs moved around his waist, clasping him to her as he pounded into her, finding his own release moments later.

Chapter 8

Sarila woke just as the sun was rising the next morning. Because Kadar's stateroom took over the whole front of the ship, it had windows on three sides. Apparently he could watch the sun set on one side and rise on the other.

Sarila watched the rays shoot up over the horizon for a moment, not wanting to move. The morning was too perfect. Kasar had woken her several times during the night and made love with her, teaching her so much she hadn't even imagined. He was the ultimate lover, she suspected. Now, her back was pulled tightly against is chest, her bottom nuzzled against his groin and his arm was holding her around her waist. It was as if he didn't want to lose her, even in his sleep. She knew she was putting meanings to their position that probably weren't there, but this was her fantasy and she'd adjust it to her preferences any way she wanted.

Sighing, she moved one leg, intending to roll over so she was facing him then fall back to sleep. She was still exhausted. Kasar was a wonderful lover, but he was also demanding and thorough. Each time he'd woken her up, he'd touched her and kissed her everywhere until she was screaming or begging him to take her. And each time she'd climaxed had been more intense than the previous one. They'd come to know each other's bodies and known what to do to pleasure the other.

Apparently, the movement of her body awakened Kasar because his hand slipped up her back and his erection grew against her thigh. The thought hadn't fully formed when his hand covered her bottom then moving down to caress her thigh. The feelings his touch stirred made her stomach clench in anticipation and she looked up to find him watching her.

"How do you feel?" he asked.

She could barely think as his hand moved back up her body, touching a sensitive spot on her back. "A little desperate," she gasped as his hand moved around to her rib cage.

"Are you too sore?" he asked, rolling her onto her back and kissing her neck.

"What would you do if I said yes?"

"I'd stop," he confirmed without hesitation, and he lifted his head to look into her eyes. "Are you?" he asked and the concern was apparent in his eyes.

"No," she said and she shifted her body underneath him. "Please don't stop," she said and pulled his head down toward hers to kiss him, her hands roaming along his chest and the muscles of his arms, amazed again at how wonderful his body felt to her touch.

He needed no other prompting. His mouth took over the kiss and his hands moved along her body and his lips following where his hands had just touched.

When he entered her this time, it was slow and gentle which only drove her more desperately to reach for fulfillment. Her fingers raked down his shoulders as she begged him to move faster.

When Kasar was about to reach his climax, he reached down to help her over the edge, bringing her with him into the oblivion they found yet again.

When their heartbeats had slowed, he rolled her over so she was laying across his chest. "You feel good," he said, his hands running down her back, resting on her bottom.

"I probably feel heavy," she said, trying to roll off him. But he stopped her, keeping her right where she was. She propped her head on his chest and looked down at him. "Okay, I'll stay here."

"You need more sleep, don't you?" he asked, noticing the dark circles under her eyes.

"Not at all," she yawned. "Just because you've kept me up half the night, boring me to death," she said, then yelped when he pinched her bottom. She was laughing as he soothed the area, "You're a little sensitive in bed, aren't you?"

"As if you have something to compare me to," he said and his expression became serious. "Why did you try and convince me that you had been with another man?" he asked.

Sarila shrugged and tried to look away but he wasn't having any of that. He held her chin and forced her to look at him. "I don't recall telling you that I'd had any experience."

"You acted like you had. And don't even try to deny that you were pushing for that image," he said.

She laid her head on his chest, her eyes closing slightly. "It seemed necessary at the time," she said, yawning again. She didn't want to think about her reasons right at the moment. She'd projected an image of herself as loose which would make her unacceptable to be his wife but her reasons now were blurry and didn't seem to matter. Her body was sated with his lovemaking and she was seriously wondering why she had fought against this for so long.

"You're tired. We'll discuss this later," he said and rolled her onto her side. She was already asleep by the time he pulled the sheet up over her naked body.

Kasar watched her sleep for a long time despite a heavy work load waiting for him in his office. He knew he was supposed to be on vacation but the demands of ruling a kingdom were never far away. He was tempted to lay next to her and simply look at her body relaxed in sleep. But he knew he had several calls to make and people waiting on him to make decisions.

With a sigh, he pulled himself out of bed and walked into the shower. But the tiny, slender woman snuggled in his bed wouldn't leave his mind. He didn't understand her and he wanted to, which was a strange sensation for him. Usually women amused him and he enjoyed their company, but he had never spent the whole night with one, preferring to sleep alone. With Sarila, he hadn't been able to get enough of her. Their first time together had been amazing but not nearly satisfying enough. He'd taken her several more times during the night, each time feeding his need for more of her.

But it wasn't just sex he wanted from her. First, he wanted an explanation as to why she presented an image to the world of an experienced woman. Or was it to the rest of the world? Did she reserve that simply for him?

He smiled at the idea. After their first kiss, he'd started to suspect that she hadn't been with another man. But why had she tried so hard to convince him that she had?

He stepped out of the shower and toweled himself dry, staring at the woman in his bed. She definitely was a mystery. But one he had the rest of his life to figure out, he told himself. He liked that idea. He suspected that he had an uphill battle trying to convince her of that future though.

He dressed in casual, khaki slacks and a blue polo shirt, then went to his office, keeping his eyes off of her hair spread out behind her sensuously covering the white sheets. He knew that if he even glanced in her direction, he'd strip off his clothes and climb right back into bed with her. She wouldn't get any more sleep and he wouldn't get his work done.

Sarila woke up several hours later and looked out the windows again. The sun was no longer near the horizon but was completely overhead. She looked around the room but didn't really expect to see Kasar anywhere. She saw the note on the bedside table though and smiled as she reached for it.

Scrawled in his bold handwriting was a message asking her to let him know when she woke up. He'd have breakfast or lunch with her.

She sat up in bed and looked around the room, pushing her heavy hair off her face and propping her back up against the pillows. Sarila hadn't really had a chance to see much of the decorating last night but the bright sunlight made the blues and white tones of the room shine. The carpeting was a dark blue and the furniture was done in various shades of blue, ranging from navy to a light blue with white accents. The sheets were white but the cover, which was now on the floor, was a navy blue. She spotted his robe on the floor beside the bed and pulled it on, feeling silly for being so modest after last night. There was something about Kasar that just smothered her inhibitions but without him around, she was her usual self conscious self.

She showered in his bathroom, not wanting to sneak back to her own room feeling like she did. But she only had the dress she'd worn last night to put back on. She did so, but quickly made her way to her own room to find some clean clothes that weren't so obviously evening apparel. She knew she was being silly since they were the only two on the ship besides the crew but she couldn't help herself.

She reached the deck and looked around, hoping to find Kasar somewhere. But he was nowhere to be found. She asked a waiter who instantly bowed and said he would relay that she was on deck to Kasar.

She went into the dining room and found a waiter there. "I'm sorry, what time is it?" she asked.

"It is two o'clock in the afternoon, your highness," he bowed. "I would be happy to get you anything you'd like to eat," he said.

Sarila smiled gratefully. "Could I just get a sandwich?" she asked

"Right away," he said and disappeared through the doors she now knew led to the kitchen.

A moment later, Kasar arrived and pulled her into his arms for a kiss. "Good afternoon, sleepy head," he said.

Sarila smiled shyly at him. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was so late in the day. Why didn't you wake me up?"

He took her hand and pulled her out of the dining room and out onto the deck where he pulled her down onto his lap in the shade. "Because I intend to do the same thing with you tonight that I did to you last night and I wanted you well rested so you can't complain."

She put her arms around his neck and laughed up at his wicked grin. "I don't recall complaining last night," she said.

Kasar laughed. "I love the way you blush when you're trying to be sophisticated," he said and ran a finger over her cheeks. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

"Yes. I asked for a sandwich. It should be ready shortly. Have you eaten?"

"Of course. I was famished this morning. You used up all my energy," he said and nibbled on her ear lobe.

The waiter arrived and Sarila tried to jump up out of his lap, embarrassed to be caught in such a lover-like position. But he held her there and waited while the servant placed the tray of food on the table beside them, then disappeared.

"What have you been doing while I was sleeping?" she asked, moving to an empty chair and grabbing half the sandwich.

"I've been clearing my schedule so I can spend more time with you over the next few days if that's okay with you," he said.

Sarila smiled. "I like that idea," she replied. "Will our parents hear about it?" she asked, worried all of a sudden.

"Probably, but since that's what we're supposed to be doing, then I don't think they'll object."

"I'm thinking about the possibility of them making more into the idea than is really the case."

Kasar laughed. "I don't think anything we do will encourage our parents more than they are already encouraged. Until we say there's no hope, they'll continue to plan our wedding. So let's just have fun and relax for a few more days and we'll worry about the future when it arrives, hmm?"

Since it was exactly what she wanted to do, it didn't take much to convince her. "Sounds like a plan," she said. "What's first on the agenda?"

He considered her comment for a moment before saying, "I understand from the captain that we're close to France. Would a stopover in Cannes for dinner and dancing fit your idea of a good plan?"

"Will you dance like you did the other night?" she asked, her eyes lighting up at the possibility.

He chuckled at her eager expression. "Think you can keep up with me again?" he said and leaned down to nibble on her shoulder. "What if I told you I was taking it easy on you last time?"

Sarila turned more fully to face him. "Then I'd say you'd better give me all you got tonight," she said, her eyes suggesting more than just dancing. "I don't want any holding back. We only have a few more days together. I agree that we should make the most of them."

"That's the spirit," he said.

They spent the next week making love, sleeping and stopping by whatever port they were passing by. Sometimes they would spend the whole day there looking through the town, shopping in the stores or just blending in like tourists, or as much as tourists could blend with several body guards shadowing them. On those days, they would shop and leave right after dusk, falling into bed to make love until the morning. Other times, they would stop only for a meal, then the two would spend the afternoon lounging by the pool, reading or working silently beside each other in companionable silence, their hands touching, gently intertwined with each other.

She asked him about his education and the things he remembered while he was growing up. Sarila then incorporated that information into her lesson plans thinking that if it stands out in one person's mind as a useful tactic, it might work on the other kids as well.

Kasar brought some of his work up to the salon where her lesson plans were laid out but if there was a period where he had to work in his office, they would usually discuss the issues he'd dealt with over dinner. Sometimes she would offer him suggestions but most of the time, she just listened to his ideas, impressed with the various ways he dealt with the problems. When he was finished, she'd talk about her work and the ideas she'd come up with. Usually he laughed and nodded at her ideas, understanding the creativity behind them. If he laughed, she knew she'd hit upon something the kids would probably like as well. If he grimaced, she tossed the idea back into her bag to refine at a later date.

It was the night before they were scheduled to put into Abasar and Sarila was sitting at the dining room table, just poking at her pasta primavera and barely touching her wine.

"What's wrong?" he asked, taking her hand in his. "You seem upset about something. Can you talk about it?"

Sarila tried to smile, but the effort almost made her break down in tears. "Nothing," she said, and turned her face away quickly. Unfortunately, after spending days and nights in his company, he was too good at reading her emotions.

"It obviously isn't nothing," he said and stood up, pulling her up with him and walking into the salon next to the dining room. "Why won't you share with me? I promise I won't laugh tonight," he said.

She rolled her eyes, "Well, I'm not bringing out anymore hand puppets for you to laugh at," she said, placing her hands on his chest as she leaned against his strength, hoping to gain some for herself. "Besides, it isn't really important," she said, and played with the buttons on his shirt in an effort to distract him.

But he covered up her hands, stopping her. "Sarila, talk to me. Tell me what is bothering you."

She pushed away from him and walked away, crossing her arms over her chest as she stared out at the dark night, the stars glowing brightly like a sequined blanket covering the black waters. "Tomorrow we arrive in Abasar," she said.

"And?" he asked, coming up behind her and pulling her against his chest, his arms wrapping around her waist.

"And, this is the end of you and me. We'll talk to our parents, tell them that I'm going back to California and I'll probably never see you again except in the news."

"I doubt that's going to happen but let's just take things one day at a time," he said and kissed her temple. He wasn't about to let her leave his life but he couldn't tell her that at the moment. He just had to get her back to Abasar and show her how important she was to him and to Abasar. He already had a plan in place. He just hoped it would take less than three days.

Kasar nibbled on her ear lobe. "You're not leaving immediately, remember? You still owe me three days," he said

She smiled at the reminder. "And you owe the kids at the youth center a whole lot of musical instruments," she laughed, wiping away a tear than fell onto her cheek as inconspicuously as possible.

He caught her movement and turned her around so he could see her face. "Sarila, why are you crying?" he asked, his thumb moving across her damp cheek.

His gentle touch was her undoing. She couldn't stop the tears after that. "Don't ask questions," she said and pulled herself up against his body, moving against him as he'd taught her, showing him how much she wanted him right now, immediately. "Like you said, let's just live for the moment."

He wanted to question her further but she had been too good of a student over the past few days. She used everything he'd taught her to distract him with her body and her hands, moving against him, stepping away and unbuttoning her dress, revealing her lace bra that barely covered anything. Kasar groaned and reached out to touch her breast, his fingertip moving down between the center, then rubbing along the bottom, knowing it would drive her mad.

"We have to talk about this, Sarila," he said stepping back and shaking his head.

"Later," she said and let the dress slip down her shoulders. "Just make love with me," she said.

Kasar couldn't stop. He wanted her just as badly now. He lifted her up so her breast was at the same height as his mouth. "Wrap your legs around my waist," he ordered. When she did, he nuzzled the scrap of bra out of his way and took her nipple in his mouth. As she moaned, gripping his hair and holding his head against her body, he nipped at her nipple, changing the moan to a cry of pleasure so intense, she arched her back and writhed in his strong arms.

He carried her to the salon next to the dining room, their dinner forgotten as their passion took over. He sat down on the sofa, her legs straddling his hips. He quickly unlatched her bra and pulled her other breast into his mouth for the same attention.

Sarila was busy working the buttons on his shirt but when she couldn't get the small buttons undone, she finally just pulled it out of his pants and yanked it over his head. She heard a few buttons ping against the wall but didn't care. She guessed he had plenty of shirts and someone would be able to fix his buttons later. She was too desperate to feel his chest against hers and run her fingers over the muscles in his arms and back.

He stood her up in front of him and pulled her underwear off. "Sit down," he said, his eyes heated with desire.

"Shouldn't you take off your pants?" she asked, but she was already moving to do as he'd ordered. She bent down to take off her shoes, but he stopped her. He pulled her down so her legs were straddling his hips. "Just lean back," he said and took her nipple in his mouth again then spread his legs wider, effectively opening her up for his touch.

"Kasar?" she said, her breath coming in gasps.

"Trust me," he said and his hands moved down her thighs, lightly touching her as his mouth moved to her other breast again. His fingers moved along her inner thighs now but not coming near to her core, where her body was desperate to feel his touch. She moved toward his fingers, knowing he could satisfy her but unsure how to tell him to do it.

"Please," she said, her hands on his shoulders and her nails digging into his skin.

"Relax," he said.

"I can't. I can't," she whimpered, holding his head to her breast.

His fingers finally touched her, moving slowly inside her, his thumb flicking her nub and she cried out, desperate for more. "Kasar please, help me," she said, her body unable to move with his legs spread out. She was his captive and completely at his mercy.

His fingers moved again and she moaned, already feeling the climax coming over her. With just one more flick and she was over the edge, crying out as the release came.

When she had recovered slightly, she looked up at him, her eyes still glazed with desire. "You're going to pay for that," she said and stepped off him.

"I hope so," he said and watched in fascination as she stood in front of him, then knelt between his legs. She slid his belt off, tossing it behind her, not caring where it landed.

"Stand up," she said, kneeling down in front of him. He did as she ordered and she undid the button at his waist, then slid the zipper down, slowly.

Once she had the zipper down, she slid his slacks and boxers down his legs. "Sit down," she said and was then able to toss his slacks behind her as well.

She licked her lips as she took in his erection. Her hands wrapped around him and she considered all the possibilities. Without hesitation, she took him in her mouth, enjoying the sound of his indrawn breath as she licked and touched him, feeling all of her feminine power as he groaned and put his hands in her hair.

But he was stronger than she and, when he'd had enough, he pulled her up. "Come here," he said and lifted her so she was straddling him again. "Sarila," he said, his voice was harsh as he entered her, filling her up and moving her to his rhythm.

Sarila had enjoyed the power while it lasted but she also liked it when he took over, filling her up and bringing her body alive once again. His fingers coaxed her to his point, then the two of them crashed over the edge of bliss together.

Once they had caught their breath, he stood up with her in his arms and carried her to his stateroom. There, he laid her down in the center of the bed, then laid down beside her. They made love until the early hours of the morning. When they had filled themselves with each other, they fell asleep, holding each other as closely as possible, Sarila using his arm as her pillow while one of his hands rested on her breast, the other against her bottom.

She woke the next morning still curled up in his arms but something was different. She wasn't sure what it could be.

"Don't move," he said, his mouth against her neck.

She turned to look down at him and he sighed, pulling her against him. "You are not a very obedient woman, did you know that?" he said and kissed her ear, causing her to giggle and try to move away from him. "Kasar, stop," she gasped. "Something is wrong," she said, pushing against his shoulders.

He stopped and looked at her. "What's wrong?" he asked.

"I don't know," she said, listening. "I don't hear anything," she said, her whole body tensing.

"We're docked," he confirmed.

"We are?" she said, the tears instantly coming to her eyes.

"Don't start that," he said and kissed her closed eyelids. "Remember, we still have three days together. And you promised me that you'd take it moment by moment. Don't mar the next three days with dread over your departure," he said, pulling her under his large body and pulling her hands over her head.

"You're right," she sighed, then gasped as his erection pressed against her own body. "Kasar?" she asked, smiling and then arching as he filled her up, moving slowly inside her. "Kasar!" she said, already nearing her climax.

He pulled her in and sent her over the edge, quickly following her as he moaned out his own climax. He then collapsed on top of her. "You're going to kill me, I'm sure of it."

When she could catch her breath and speak again, she looked up at him. "I'm going to kill you?" she laughed. "I was having a nice little pity party and the next thing I know, you're...." she still couldn't talk about the sexual act, her face flaming with color. "Well, you know."

Kasar laughed deeply. "Yes, my shy one. I know," he said and stood up, gloriously naked and completely unconcerned. He bent down and picked her up, carrying her into the bathroom. "Our parents are probably anxious to see both of us, yours especially. We need to get moving."

The idea of seeing her parents again spurred Sarila into fast mode. She showered and changed into a pretty dress, adding a short sleeved sweater over the top. She brushed her hair until it shined, then applied only a small amount of powder, mascara and a dab of lipstick. Since she'd moved most of her clothes into Kadar's room at his order, she smiled as he came up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist. "You're beautiful," he said and kissed her bare shoulder. "You're parents will be proud of the woman you turned out to be," he said and looked at her in the mirror.

"Thank you," she said, moved by his praise. "Come on," she said, breaking the moment and grabbing his hand to pull him out of the bathroom. "How long does it take to get to the palace from here?" she demanded.

"Don't you want some breakfast?" he asked, laughing as she rushed up the stairs. But he hurried behind her, understanding her eagerness to see her parents after so many years.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she said, her face falling as she looked back at him. "You're probably hungry. Of course, we can stop and eat breakfast. That was very selfish of me," she said and moved into the dining room.

He grabbed her hand and shook his head. "I understand that you're excited to see your parents. It's an hour's drive to the palace. That's why I've arranged for a helicopter to take us there," he said and she heard the whipping of the blades in the distance as he spoke. "There's also a thermos of coffee already on board. We'll be at the palace in less than twenty minutes," he said.

Sarila was humbled by his thoughtfulness. She reached up and touched his cheek, then rose on her toes to kiss him gently on his lips. "Thank you," she said simply.

Within five minutes, they were comfortably seated in a luxurious helicopter that was so well insulated, they were able to converse with each other inside without the need for a radio and ear phones.

She sipped her thermos of coffee and alternated between watching the land fly by below and Kasar as he ate a biscuit and sipped his own coffee. He spoke on a cell phone to someone but she wasn't listening to his conversation. His voice held the tinge of absolute authority as did the lines of his face and the confidence in his body. She was considering how wonderful it would be to spend the rest of her life with him, to know more days like the past week, give him children and grow old with him. The thought almost brought the tears back to her.

Would it be so bad to spend her life with him? She thought of her parent's marriage and she knew that was not what she wanted from a marriage. She wanted to love Kasar and be loved in return. Was Kasar capable of loving her? They'd never spoken of their feelings for each other but she knew that she was completely, desperately in love with him. There was no way she could have made love with him and not been in love as well. Sarila was not able to separate her emotions into nice, neat little buckets.

And even so, was loving each other enough? Her parents fought like cats and dogs at times. She hated the constant fighting her mother and father did with each other. They seemed to love each other when they weren't fighting. Their love even seemed very passionate. But then one of them would prick the other's temper and they would be off again, yelling and screaming, throwing their hands up at each other's arguments. And the arguments never seemed to be for things that were substantial. Usually they were silly things that had happened during the day that would spark an argument.

Sarila knew that she had too much of her mother inside of her to keep quiet when she disagreed with something. There wouldn't be peace if she stayed with Kasar since she would voice her opinions regardless of the consequences. No, Kasar needed someone who would be able to agree with him more, who would help him rule Abasar. She wished she could be that person, but he probably already had someone in mind. He definitely wouldn't want her who had run away at the first sign of frustration and lived out her life in a foreign country, seeming to reject everything that she'd been brought up to believe in. He'd find a perfectly bred woman in Abasar who would respect his commands and follow orders complacently, not challenge them.

The thought of another woman giving him children caused actual physical pain in her heart. She didn't want to think about it, so she just changed the way her mind was thinking. She had three more days with him. And three more nights. She would make the most of that time and savor each moment and experience with him she told herself as she watched the desert fly by underneath the powerful helicopter.

The helicopter landed inside the palace gates. A servant immediately opened the helicopter doors and helped Sarila down the steps. Through the wind whipping her long, black hair, she saw her parents standing at the end of the pathway and ran to them, the tears already streaming down her face. Her mother met her halfway and they locked arms, neither willing to relinquish the other as they hugged, desperate after six year's separation.

"I'm so sorry I ran away," she said to her mother softly.

"Hush, dear," Nadia said, stepping back and touching her daughter's face gently with her hands, wiping the tears from her cheeks. "I understand. Besides, you're home now. That's what is important," she said and gazed at her daughter with unconditional love only a parent could offer.

"Any room in those arms for your father?" Padim said, his voice gruff with emotion.

Sarila laughed and turned to her tall, handsome father. "Dad!" she said and reached out to hug him as well. The tears flowed even harder as his strong arms pulled her into his gentle embrace. "We missed you, daughter," he said, his eyes closed tightly over his own emotion.

When he released her, he stood up and looked behind her. "Thank you, Kasar. I didn't think you could bring her home, but I'm grateful." Sarila was amazed at the deep emotion her father was displaying in front of Kasar. Usually her father was the epitome of restraint while in public so this was an astounding moment.

Kasar bowed slightly to her father who returned the action more deeply. "It was my pleasure," he said and smiled at Sarila. "I'll see you later?" he asked, winking at her as she wiped at her tears.

Sarila laughed and nodded her head. "Yes. I'd like that," she said.

He took her hand and kissed her knuckles. "Until later then," he said and nodded to her mother, then her father before walking off into the palace.

Sarila watched him leave, loving the confidence that emanated from him with his every move.

"Well," Nadia said, interrupting Sarila's thoughts. "Let's get inside. We have a lot of catching up to do and, from what I understand, you haven't eaten yet today," her mother said, looking at her daughter's slender form. "You've lost a few pounds in the past two weeks, I can see," she said.

"You can?" Sarila asked, looking down at her figure as well but not noticing any difference. Then Kadar's revelation that she'd been a subject of daily reports for years came back to her. "Oh, I guess the reports included pictures as well as text, eh?"

Her father nodded. "Absolutely. And if you ever decide you need to run away again, could you at least give us a heads up? It was very difficult to find you initially," he said and put an arm around her shoulder, guiding both women inside to a private dining room that already had a buffet table heavily laden with brunch foods on it.

Sarila wasn't fooled for a minute. After the shock of finding out that he'd had her followed for the past six years, she now understood that he wouldn't have let her out of his sight for very long even when she was at the palace. "How long did it take your security detail to find me?" she asked. "A full twenty four hours?"

Shaking his head at what must have been a difficult memory, "More like five, but who can remember?" he said.

"I can. It was four hours, thirty seven minutes," Nadia interrupted. "They were the worst hours of my life," she said. "We thought someone had kidnapped you," she said, shuddering and waving her hand as if the action could erase the memory from her mind.

"Didn't you get my note?" Sarila asked, instantly guilty about the worry her parents probably went through if only for a few hours. Even that was too long since her parents had been wonderful throughout her life. She hated the thought of causing them any amount of worry, even if it was only for four hours.

Nadia nodded. "Of course, but forgeries are easy to do," she said and handed Sarila a plate filled with eggs, toast and fresh fruit. "Sit down and tell us everything you've done for the past six years. Leave nothing out," she said.

"I thought you knew everything," Sarila laughed, delighted with the idea of being within the security of her parents' arms again. She'd forgotten how nice it was to be around her mother's worrying and her father's arrogance.

"It isn't like hearing it from you. Now talk," she said sitting down next to her daughter and placing her chin on the open palm of her hand, completely ignoring her own plate of food, preferring to keep her eyes on her daughter.

They spent several hours talking and catching up with each other. Sarila told them about finalizing her education through university, her teaching job and her kids at the youth center and her own classes. She described each of the small little beings as if they were her own and all the little antics they tried to play on her. She was delighted to announce that Kasar had generously donated to the procurement of an additional teacher and extra instruments after losing the bet on the cookie endeavor. Both her parents laughed at the idea of Kasar in the kitchen trying to cook and Sarila only left out the details of him kissing her but described the whole event otherwise.

Once she'd talked herself out, she asked for updates on her parents and what was happening in their lives. Her father had made many changes in his domain and they talked about the quality of life he'd brought to his people. The conversation slowly turned from them to the changes in Abasar. That inevitably led to the questions concerning Kasar and their relationship. Neither of her parents mentioned the betrothal contract and Sarila decided it was better to break the news with Kasar present to support her claim that the wedding just wasn't meant to be.

"You look tired," her mother said when Sarila smothered a yawn. "Why don't I take you to your quarters and you can take a nap. There's a big celebration tonight in your honor," her mother announced as they walked down the hallway. She opened the doors to a huge suite but Sarila was too tired to notice the elaborate and beautifully decorated set of rooms. "I'll send someone to help you dress in a few hours," her mother said before closing the doors.

She noticed that her luggage had already been delivered to her room and emptied, her clothes hanging in the closet or in the drawers along the side of the beautiful room. Sarila took off her dress and pulled on a tee-shirt. She didn't even bother to get between the sheets. After a night of making love with Kasar, she was too tired for that so she simply pulled the coverlet over her legs and closed her eyes. Within moments, she was asleep.

She woke a few hours later when she heard someone coming into her room and quietly leaving. She watched as a servant placed a dress on a hook by a large wardrobe, then left just as quietly as she'd come.

Sarila sat up and looked at the beautiful dress that the maid had left. It was made of fabric that could only be described as metallic, but it wasn't gold or silver. It seemed to change as the light shifted. It was strapless with a fitted bodice. The skirt was made of layer upon layer of the softest material she'd ever touched. As she lifted one layer, it seemed to float down onto the next layer, gently skimming the fabric below.

She smiled, eager to try on the dress. If only there were wings, she would look like a fairy in one of her favorite childhood books.

Someone knocked on the door and she turned to answer it. "Good evening, your highness. I was sent to do your hair if you need assistance," a petite, round woman said, speaking in Arabic.

Sarila considered the option for all of five seconds before accepting. She hadn't had someone to do her hair since she'd left the palace so many years ago and she'd forgotten the little luxuries palace life afforded her. "Oh, that would be lovely," Sarila said and stepped back to let the woman into the room.

The woman stepped back out of the room and then back in, this time carrying a large case that looked something like a tool chest. She walked over to the dressing table and smiled, indicating that Sarila should sit down. As soon as the woman noticed her tee-shirt, she stopped and placed her comb against her mouth, considering Sarila's attire for a moment. "Perhaps you should change into a robe instead of the shirt. It might mess up the hair later when you pull it over your head."

Sarila agreed and walked to the closet, not at all surprised to find even more clothes than the ones she'd brought and Kasar had purchased for her. In addition to her own clothes and the clothes that had been on the ship, she was staring at a huge closet full of the most beautiful clothes she'd ever seen. And they were all in her size with the tags still on them.

She guessed that her parents had been the instigators of that shopping spree. Or more specifically, her mother who loved shopping and took pride in never wearing the same outfit twice. Her mother was the ultimate diplomat's wife, knowing how to charm anyone and what to wear to just about any occasion.

Sarila pushed the enormous number of new clothes around, searching for a robe. Her face flamed to a bright red color when she came to the end of the closet. She found about ten nightgowns, all in the most revealing fabrics and cuts. If her father had seen these, she was sure he'd have them shredded. Would her mother have purchased these as well? Probably, she decided. All in the hope of Sarila's honeymoon. There was also the possibility that Kasar had purchased them as well, but when would he have done so? Definitely not on the ship, she knew since she'd spent so much time with him. And he would have told her if he'd sent someone to purchase anything else for her. So it had to be her mother's optimism coming through.

Knowing she would need to have a firm talk with her parents soon and break the news to them that the wedding wasn't going to happen, she slipped her arms into a peach, silk robe, then belted the sash at her waist. "I guess this will work," Sarila said, coming out of the closet. The little lady, who called herself "Tasha" nodded her head.

As soon as Sarila sat down, the woman started brushing her hair, her expert hands running through the long, black locks and considering the options. "Is that the gown you will be wearing tonight?" Tasha asked, indicating the fabulous, mysterious gown hanging from the hook near the closet.

"Apparently," Sarila said, eyeing the gown in the mirror. "I have no idea what to do with my hair in that kind of a gown so use your best judgment." Sarila generally didn't know what to do with her hair on a day to day basis so she usually just let it flow down her back, only occasionally trying something different.

An hour later, Sarila looked at her reflection in the mirror. Tasha had done an elaborate twist that had her hair flowing down the back, then curling in every direction. It was both elegant and romantic without being overwhelming or heavy. Sarila's eyes widened in wonder that she was the same person she was an hour ago. Surely the sophisticated woman sitting in front of the mirror was someone else? "Tasha, you're an artist," Sarila said, turning her head in several directions so she could see the total effect, then smiling in anticipation of Kasar seeing her like this.

Tasha stayed to help Sarila pull on the dress. When Sarila looked at her reflection in the mirror, she felt like a different person. She looked special, excited...royal.

She heard another knock on the door and hurried to answer it, hoping it would be Kasar and she could have a few moments alone with him.

Unfortunately, it was her mother and father, both of whom looked at her with pride in their eyes as soon as they saw her dressed up. "You look lovely tonight. This will be your night to shine," Nadia gasped, giving her a kiss on her cheek.

"Your mother is right," her father said, his chest puffing up with pride. "You look like a princess."

The three of them walked down the hallway and were met by the king and queen but Sarila was frustrated that she still hadn't seen Kasar. She greeted the king and queen with reverence, genuinely respecting the two people who had been like an aunt and uncle to her while growing up. They both greeted her as if she were a long lost daughter, then the five of them walked into the main salon for a toast before the party was to begin.

As soon as they walked into the salon, she saw him and she instantly felt better. Kasar stood at the window, looking out into the night as if he had some deep and awful thoughts on his mind.

When the door opened, he turned and saw her and his features froze. It was almost as if he'd stopped breathing as he looked across the room at her. Suddenly, he was moving and his eyes never left her face. Before he reached her, he seemed to realize that they were not alone and his walk stiffened. He still walked over to her and took her hand in his, tucking it into the crook of his arm to finish walking her into the room. He pulled her slightly off to the side and bent to whisper in her ear, "You look incredibly lovely," he said, his breath warm on her cheek and sending shivers down her spine. "But I prefer the way you looked this morning," he said, winking at her as her cheeks turned a becoming color of pink.

He then moved out from in front of her as Kadar's father raised a glass of champagne in toast. "To Sarila and Kasar," he began, "May their marriage be prosperous and productive, giving Abasar the next king," he said. "To Sarila and Kasar," he repeated.

Sarila's mother and father raised their glasses in toast, then sipped their drinks. Sarila couldn't think, she just held her champagne glass in the air, her whole body stiffening as the meaning of their words hit her.

"I'm sorry, what do you mean?" she asked.

Nadia smiled excitedly, "Dear, this is your engagement party. Everyone is arriving to greet you and welcome you home as well as offer their congratulations on your upcoming wedding."

The world started to spin and she had to hold onto Kadar's arm in order to keep herself from falling backwards or screaming at everyone. Was it just on her face that she wanted Kasar so much? Or were they making assumptions? Was she making a fool of herself? Did Kasar see her feelings on her face as well? Sarila didn't know what to do. She wanted him desperately, but not the marriage part. She wasn't strong enough to make it work with him. She didn't know how to be a good wife and her love for him simply wouldn't be enough to sustain them.

Her fingers must have triggered Kasar because he put down his glass of champagne and turned to face her. He quickly led her several feet away so they wouldn't be overhead. "Sarila, look at me," he said urgently.

Her worried eyes slowly traveled up his tuxedo clad chest to rest on his reassuring eyes. "Do you trust me?" he asked, loud enough so only she could hear.

She didn't respond quickly, too overwhelmed by the words everyone had just said. "How could they have planned this party without even talking to us? Didn't you tell them that we were going to try and end this betrothal?" she asked.

His eyes were dark and intense as they looked down into hers before replying. "I didn't know they were planning an engagement party for us but I didn't talk to them either. I didn't have any time nor did I anticipate the need to do so. But it doesn't matter. What they do has no impact on what we do. Do you trust me?" he repeated.

She looked into his strong face, knowing that he would take care of things. He was so strong and confident. "Yes," she said and her body relaxed. She even managed a smile to reassure him. "Yes, I trust you," she said again, as much for herself as for him.

"Good," he said and Sarila wondered if she'd seen the tension leave his features or if it had just been her imagination. "Then let's have a good time tonight. You'll be able to see some of your old friends and we can just get through the night until we can be alone together. Can you do that for me?"

Hope rose in her and she glanced up eagerly into his handsome face. "Do you promise we'll be alone?" she whispered. "How can we? There were so many guards and there are so many other guests here."

He smiled down at her, his eyes alight with mischief. "Let me worry about that, okay? You worry about how you're going to get enough sleep," he teased.

He turned around and found that his parents were talking with Sarila's parents, giving them some privacy. But as soon as he turned around, so did they, instantly including them back in the conversation.

"Everything okay?" the king asked, looking at the two of them.

"Yes. Everything is fine," Kasar said, his voice strong and reassuring. Sarila held onto his arm as if he were a lifeline and the six of them moved into the ballroom together to greet the guests who had just started arriving.

They formed a receiving line and Sarila was excited to see several of her old school mates. She introduced Kasar to each of them and she was thrilled when each of them introduced her to their husbands. Once the arriving guests dwindled down to a slow trickle, they moved into the ballroom. The orchestra struck up a waltz and all eyes turned toward the king and queen who normally initiated the first dance. But the king turned to Kasar, allowing him the honor of starting the dancing for the night.

Kasar turned to Sarila who smiled up at him, then took his hand and let him guide her out onto the dance floor. "This is thoroughly terrifying," she said but kept her smile on her face, looking to all the other people as if they were discussing the weather or something equally benign.

He shrugged his shoulders, "You'll get used to it," he laughed. "Just pretend we're back on the ship and no one else is looking on."

An hysterical giggle threatened to burst out of her system but she suppressed it as quickly as possible. Ignore the hundreds of guests watching them? How was she supposed to do that? "I don't think that is going to work, Kasar," she laughed softly. "I can see them out of the corner of my eyes. It isn't the same."

He pulled her closer and spun her to the right, throwing her slightly off balance enough so she had to lean into him. She was sure he did that on purpose but she didn't mind since his next words were too outrageous. "Then pretend they are all in their underwear," he whispered in a naughty voice. "I'm picturing you in yours," he said.

Her mouth opened slightly at that thought and she laughed. "It is a good image but I only like you in yours. Or not," she said and glanced away.

Kasar threw back his head and laughed. "That's the spirit," he said. "You're doing great. And it is almost over. I can see my father leading my mom out onto the floor. Once they join in, the rest of the people will also come out. Then we'll be off display," he explained, a teasing glint in his eyes as he looked down at her.

"I remember watching these functions from the balcony up there," she said, nodding her head to several balconies that looked down onto the ballroom. "I'd hide behind the thick curtains and watch everyone dancing and laughing, wishing I was old enough to come down."

"How old were you?" he asked.

"Oh, I guess I was about ten or eleven when I was finally able to even stay awake late enough to watch. One time, my mother found me asleep in the curtains."

"I remember hearing about that. I thought it was cute."

"Cute? I was a little girl asleep on the cold marble floor and you thought I was cute? I was pathetic."

"I didn't think so. And if I remember accurately, I was also jealous," he said and spun her around again, casually leading her off the dance floor and out into the balcony that looked down on the gardens a few steps away.

"Jealous of me?" she asked, laughing at the very idea. "I doubt it. And I bet you barely knew I was around," she said, remembering the ache of jealousy she felt each time she'd caught him wooing another female out here in these gardens.

"Yes. I was jealous because you got to sleep when I was stuck in the ballroom with boring people hanging onto me."

She didn't answer him because yet another group of people moved in to congratulate them. True to his word, Kasar kept up the line he'd been saying all night whenever someone asked about their wedding date or details. "The details haven't all been worked out yet," he explained.

That was the last time they were actually alone that night. It was almost two o'clock in the morning when Kasar realized that she was practically sleeping on her feet. He excused the two of them and walked her to her room. Once there, she looked up at him. "You're not coming to me tonight, are you?" she said, already frustrated despite her exhaustion.

"Do you want me to?" he asked.

She sighed and shook her head. "No. I know you're just as tired as I am." She tried to hide her disappointment at losing one night with him but he forced her chin up so he could see into her eyes. "If you're trying to be selfless for me, just stop right there," he said quietly. "If it were up to me, I'd be pulling you into my arms right now and carrying you off to bed. It might be just to sleep but I wouldn't care. I want you by my side. I've gotten used to your sweet body next to mine."

"Really?" she said, her smile growing as he spoke.

"Really. Let me go back to the party and excuse myself and I'll be back."

"How? There are guards everywhere. Surely they'll see and will report to our parents," she said, looking down the hallway where a sentry passed by, appropriately averting his eyes when he noticed them and walked down the hallway.

"I told you, leave that to me," he said and kissed her gently.

She slipped into her room and closed the door softly behind her. There were only soft lights still on when she walked in and someone had already turned down her bed for the night.

Sarila slipped her dress off and hung it up in the closet. She took one of the silk nightgowns down and slipped it on over her body, loving the way the fabric felt against her skin. She climbed into bed, leaving the light beside her bed on for Kasar.

Within moments, she was asleep. She barely even noticed when Kasar slipped in beside her but she turned and curled into his arms, sighing his name as she fell completely asleep again.

Chapter 9

Sarila woke the next day, feeling slightly depressed. She would have sworn that Kasar had been with her last night but she was alone now. When she rolled over, she saw the indentation on the pillow and smiled. He had been here last night, she thought to herself.

She jumped out of bed and showered, dressing in a pair of pretty silk pants and a white cotton shirt. She felt like a tough, pretty woman.

Sarila ate breakfast with her mother and father, both of whom plied her with questions about her life in the United States, her job, her friends but diplomatically leaving out an interrogation of her feelings for Kasar and why she panicked the previous night when she found out that the party was an engagement party.

"Wasn't all this included in the daily reports?" Sarila teased. Her mother nodded her head, not ashamed at all to have been caught.

"Of course but as I mentioned yesterday, those reports were nothing compared to hearing you talk about it. I missed six years of having you come home from school and talk to me over cookies and milk so don't even try it, Sarila," she admonished but with a warm glint in her eyes. They spent the next two hours talking about what had happened over the past six years and Sarila started to feel the old closeness she'd had with her parents growing up.

It was the middle of the morning when the note arrived. Sarila was telling her parents about all her students over the past school year and the upcoming summer youth programs when a servant delivered the note from Kasar.

She blushed when her mother raised an eyebrow. "I'm sure it is nothing," Sarila said but she tore open the seal, eager to see his words.

The night was unsatisfying, sleepy head. Can you meet me in my office at 11:30? I have an important issue to discuss with you. K.

Sarila smiled at his bold handwriting. She glanced at her watch, then at her parents who were both smiling and enjoying the look of pleasure on their daughter's face.

She tried to cover the excitement that formed within her but she knew she was failing miserably. "He just wants to discuss something with me," she said. "Don't make too much of a note," she warned.

"We're not even considering the note, dear," her mother said and took her husband's hands in hers.

"Then why are you looking so strangely at me?"

"It was the look of joy on your face when you read the note. And the slight touch of color to your cheeks. That color wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that Kasar was walking down your hallway around dawn this morning, would it?"

Sarila saw the confused look on her father's face. "What was he doing in that area of the palace?" he demanded.

"Probably nothing," her mother said, not turning her attention away from her daughter's face.

"Probably?" He asked again. "He wasn't coming out of Sarila's room, was he?"

"That's none of our business," she said and winked at her daughter.

Her father was having none of this evasiveness. "Nadia! You will tell me what is going on and you'll tell me right this minute," he ordered.

Nadia sighed and turned in her husband's arms, placing a calming hand over his chest. "I'll tell you everything I know as soon as we hear what was in the note from Kasar."

"There isn't anything to tell," Sarila lied and stood up as quickly as she could so her parents wouldn't see the truth on her face. "I came back from the party last night and fell asleep. I don't even remember my head hitting the pillow."

With those words, she pulled the heavy door open and slipped out of the salon. She stopped the first servant she could find to ask directions to Kasar's office. As soon as they told her, she remembered the way and rushed along the ornately decorated hallways toward the office section of the palace.

The assistant outside Kadar's office stood as soon as she entered and told her to go right into the office. Sarila knocked, just in case, then pushed the door open.

She spotted him at the head of a long table filled with older men. All of them were shouting in Arabic and no one was really listening. She noted that Kasar just sat at the head and listened, but she could tell he wasn't really paying attention to their words. As soon as he saw her, he smiled and leaned forward. "Gentlemen, I'm sure this debate could go on and on. Everyone has some very good points and they should all be discussed. But perhaps we should adjourn for now and come back when we've talked through the issues with each other in less formal settings," he suggested.

All the men nodded and started closing their notebooks, sliding their chairs out from the table. Sarila stepped into the room when Kasar waved to her and the men bowed slightly to her as they filed out in twos and threes.

Kasar walked over to his desk and waited until they were alone. "Close the door, Sarila," he said and watched as she turned to follow his direction.

"And?" she asked, leaning against the door and waiting for his next instruction.

"Come here, sleepy head," he said and crossed his arms over his chest.

"I don't think last night was my fault," she said saucily as she walked over to the opposite side of his desk. "I think you were just too tired to wake me up and now you're blaming me for your lack of stamina," she whispered, leaning over the desk provocatively.

"Say that on this side of the desk," he growled, leaning slightly over his side his eyes taking in her flashing eyes and gamin grin. But because the desk was so large, they weren't even close to each other.

She walked around the corner, her eyes never leaving his laughing ones. "I'm not afraid of you," she said.

"Good," Kasar said and waited until she was only a few inches away. Then he quickly grabbed her, placed her onto his desk and bent her over his arm, his chest touching hers as he bent her backwards, "Because I'm going to kiss you right here," he said.

"Oh," was all she had time to get out before his mouth descended to hers. His free hand slid under her shirt and moved upwards, his thumb skimming the lace underneath.

After several minutes though, he pulled away and reset her shirt so it wasn't as obvious that he had been kissing her and touching her beautiful skin. "You're dangerous to my concentration, woman," he said and stepped back from the desk. "As it happens, that wasn't why I asked you to come see me," he said.

Sarila laughed, delighted that she was able to break his concentration so easily. "What did you have on your mind?"

"Besides you're delectable body?" he said, grinning wolfishly toward her as she sat down in his large, leather chair as if she owned the office herself.

"Of course," she laughed and was impressed when he leaned against his desk, not threatened by her taking over his comfortable chair. Her father had never let her mother sit in his office chair and until this moment, she hadn't realized that she'd been testing for a reaction. And he'd passed with flying colors.

"I want to propose something to you," he said.

Sarila instantly stiffened. Was he going to propose? What would she say? An instant yes popped into her head and she had to look away to hide the yearning in her eyes. "What's that?" she asked, and could have hit herself for the breathless quality of her voice.

"I want to give you an assignment."

"What kind of assignment?" she asked, her eyes still glancing away, fearful that he would ask and terrified that he wouldn't.

"Would you consider spending a couple of hours traveling to the various schools within the city and observing their processes and classes? I was hoping you could give me some advice on how to improve the school system. You have some great ideas and as an objective observer, I think you could provide some valuable feedback."

Sarila stood up and turned her back on him, fearful that he would see the disappointment on her face. That was all he wanted from her? Her professional opinion?

"Sarila?" he asked when she didn't respond. "Are you okay? If this is too much for you, then just say so." His hands rested lightly on her shoulders and he turned her around to look down into her face.

Smiling brightly, she wiped all traces of acute disappointment off her face. "I'm delighted that you would ask this of me. It isn't often I get asked by someone so high up in the government for something this important."

Kasar watched her face and noticed that she appeared too eager, too brightly excited. "Sarila, was there something else on your mind?"

"Absolutely not," she said and moved away from him. "Do you have a list of the schools you'd like me to visit? Or teachers?"

Kasar knew that she wasn't telling him something but she was hiding it well. He wanted to pull her back into his arms and kiss her until she trusted him but he knew he had to take it slowly, let her learn to trust him so she would come to understand how much he respected her and needed her in his life. He didn't know why she was fighting their betrothal now, but he was determined to figure it out, even if it meant binding her to him through sex.

He turned back to his desk and handed her a file containing the background on several teachers, both good and bad that he'd had one of his aides compile. "Here are some names and background information on some of the teachers but there's also a more complete list in the back. Feel free to make up your own mind on who to visit. I'm not looking to fire any specific teacher but would like a more general idea on how to improve the schools. I know you only have these three days and your parents will want to spend more time with you, but I was thinking you might want a break and more of a purpose during your visit. Your mother could come along as well. I trust her opinion and would value her advice."

Sarila took the folder and smiled so he wouldn't see that her heart was breaking. "You know I'd be thrilled to do this for you. I'll have something on your desk before I leave," she said and turned to leave his office.

Kasar watched her go but when her hand touched the door, he stopped her. "Sarila wait!" he called out. He walked over to stand in front of her, his hand brushing her hair away. "Something has changed. Please tell me," he said.

Sarila shook her head. "Nothing has changed, Kasar. Please don't think so," she said, terrified that he'd see that she really was scared of losing him, knowing that she would in the end. "We have these few days. Let's not waste them. Come to my room tonight and I'll show you..." she hesitated, about to say "how much I love you" but stopped herself just in time. "I'll show you how much things haven't changed," she said instead, tipping her head to the side saucily.

Kasar nodded. "I'll see you tonight," he said, then bent to kiss her gently.

Chapter 10

"Where are you off to in such a good mood?" her mother asked, sitting down across from her at lunch later that afternoon.

Sarila smiled broadly. "Kasar asked me to give him my opinion on the education system while I'm here."

Nadia grinned. "That sounds like a great plan. I know Kasar has made a lot of improvements but there's always better ideas and better ways to do things."

Sarila remembered her conversation with Kasar at the beginning of their two weeks together. He'd mentioned that someone else within the palace had influenced him to refurbish the educational system. At the time, she'd assumed that it had been his mistress. But as she watched her mother take a sip of coffee, she revised her opinion. "Mother, are you the one who pushed to get all the new schools built and improve the curriculum?"

Nadia laughed. "Of course," she replied. "My daughter had chosen her career as a teacher. I started looking into the education in Abasar and found it lacking. Kasar was very receptive to the idea and started a committee immediately to improve the system."

"You didn't have to push him in any way?"

"Absolutely not," Nadia replied, shaking her head for emphasis. "At the time, he was relieved that someone else agreed with him and was willing to take the reigns and get the task done."

Sarila hesitated, wondering what other tasks her mother has done for the men in her lives. Dared she ask the burning question about their marriage and all the fights? If she'd learned anything being with Kasar, it was that things weren't always what they appeared to be. Kasar was nothing like she'd expected him to be. He was charming and funny and strong and courageous. And still he was domineering and overwhelming and tried to bully her at times. But she was strong enough to face that.

Taking a deep breath, she decided she needed to understand her parents' marriage if she was ever going to venture into her own, either with Kasar or with someone else. If Kasar didn't want her, then she would have to get over him and find someone else to love. "Mother, why do you and father fight so much?" she asked.

Nadia's surprised eyes snapped over to look at her daughter's worried expression. "Fight?" she laughed. "Your father and I don't really fight. It is more letting off steam for him than fighting. We love each other, dear."

Sarila rolled her eyes. "Mother, I don't understand how you can call those raging yelling matches anything but a fight. And they were always over things that seemed so insignificant."

"You heard them?"

"The whole house heard them. You two aren't very good at keeping things down," Sarila said, looking down at her plate. She was embarrassed for some reason about bringing up something that seemed so intimate now that she was talking about it.

Nadia put her hand under her daughter's chin and smiled gently. "Dear, is that why you don't want to marry Kasar?" she said, understanding showing in her eyes. "Are you afraid that he'll be too domineering and will try to break you to his will?"

"Something like that," Sarila confirmed. She knew Kasar wouldn't intentionally hurt her, but he sometimes rode roughshod over other people's opinions. But now that she thought about it, he never did that to her. He was always extremely considerate of her feelings and opinions.

Nadia laughed softly. "That explains so much." She shook her head and put her coffee cup down onto the saucer. "I remember finding you under your bed one morning with your pillow over your head. Was that because you heard your father and I fighting?"

Sarila laughed at the memory as well. She'd been about ten years old and had gone downstairs once she'd heard her father's voice. He'd been away for three weeks that time, traveling and working on government business. She'd been sent to bed earlier since no one ever knew when her father would finally arrive home. But that night, she remembered hearing his voice and running down the stairs. She'd stopped in the middle of the foyer while her father ranted and raved at her mother for some reason. Sarila had been so distraught when her mother had yelled back that she'd run into her room, not even hearing the words, only the voices.

She nodded at her mother. "Yes. I remember that. I'd come downstairs, excited to see father but only saw the two of you fighting."

Nadia chuckled again. "I'd been speaking to him on the phone for the past half hour that night," she explained, her hands wrapping around her cup to warm them and her eyes grew misty as she thought back to that night. "I knew he was tense and needed an outlet. So I told him that I'd broken a tea cup earlier that day."

"He was angry with you for breaking a cup?" she asked, not sure what she was missing or what her mother was really trying to tell her.

That made her mother laugh harder. "No, of course not. Like I said, he just needed an outlet." She looked at Sarila's confused face and sighed. Covering her daughter's hands with her own, she leaned forward to explain. "You're father has a very important job within the government. He steps in to negotiate when no one else has been successful. But he also has a very bad temper which he has to control almost constantly. When I could sense he needed to vent, I would tell him something silly and inconsequential and he would yell for a few minutes, or maybe longer, depending on how hard the day had been for him. Then he would calm down, lower his voice and all of his frustration would be out. Completely burned up on something silly."

Sarila was starting to understand. "So you purposely pricked his temper?" She'd never understood her parents" relationship but had always known that they loved each other. Now her respect grew for both her mother, who loved her father enough to anger him when he needed it, and her father, who made sure he never hurt his family with his temper and work frustrations. She was in awe of their marriage now as opposed to not wanting anything like it only two short weeks ago.

"Absolutely. Then we could get down to the real business of our reunions," she said, smiling brightly and waving her hands as if she'd wiped away all their fights in the past. "You see, your father is a very strong man and if he doesn't have an outlet, he just lets things fester inside him. Once they fester, they may come out in dangerous situations or he might not be able to act as diplomatically as he might need to in other situations. I act as his outlet. He's never laid an angry hand on me or anyone. He has always been satisfied with a good, old fashioned yelling match, then he's a happy man again, able to live and laugh and love."

Hearing this explanation from her mother put so many things into a much clearer light. All the loud shouting matches over things that just didn't seem to matter. In reality, they didn't matter and that was the whole point!

"How long has this been bothering you?" her mother asked, her wise eyes taking in her daughter's worried expression.

"A long time."

"Is this why you ran away all those years ago?"

Sarila looked at her hands and nodded. "Half of it. Yours was the only marriage I'd witnessed and at the time, I was afraid all marriages were like this. Once I got out on my own, I realized that there were different kinds of marriages. I just needed to find a husband that wouldn't want to fight all the time."

Nadia smiled. "But you never found anyone to match up to your Kasar, am I right?"

Sarila was able to be honest with her mother now. "Yes. He's quite a formidable personality, isn't he?"

"I like the idea of you working on a project while you are staying here. Can you tell me more about it? Or is this a secret mission that is just between the two of you?" she asked.

Sarila laughed. "It's no secret. In fact, it's just continuing with what you started several years ago." Sarila explained what Kasar had asked of her, and the excitement that had crept up when he'd first mentioned it, came back with a swift force. She was thrilled that he would ask something so important of her.

For the next three days, she rushed from school to school, observing the other teachers and taking notes on the things they did well and the ideas she had for improving the curriculum. She spent most of the day in the schools, then was brought back to the palace by a car reserved exclusively for her use. Kasar had given her a computer to work on for the three days she was staying in Abasar and she worked frantically to give him feedback.

When she wasn't working or observing, her parents made sure that every waking hour was spent with friends from her past. She loved the fact that they had arranged dinners and breakfasts with her old friends and it was wonderful to catch up with them, meet their children and husbands or talk about their work lives. But what she really wanted to do was to talk with Kasar.

She saw him at dinner and one morning for breakfast. But he was always careful to not give anyone the impression that they were a couple. And that made Sarila sad. She knew it was what they had both wanted originally, but she wished he didn't want it so badly now. It was a complete change of mindset from what she'd wanted two weeks ago. Unfortunately, there was no way for her to tell him that she'd changed her mind. Would she even have the courage to tell him if she had the chance? Sarila wasn't sure of the answer.

No matter how much fun there was during the day, the nights were still the best. She retired to her bedroom around ten o'clock each night. By eleven o'clock, Kasar slipped into her room and into her bed. Although she tried to talk to him, to let him know that her feelings had changed, he wouldn't let her speak. He would slip into her bed and immediately kiss her, distracting her from her mission. And whenever he touched her, she was unable to think about anything other than his hands and his mouth, moving over her body, filling her and thrilling her, satisfying the needs she hadn't known about before meeting him.

They made love until neither was able to speak. It was usually early in the morning when they fell asleep, both tangled in each other's arms and legs.

And each morning, he slipped away before dawn, leaving her sleeping until she was woken by a servant bringing her coffee a few hours later.

The morning she was supposed to leave, she woke just as the door was closing behind Kasar. She jumped out of bed, hoping to catch him and talk to him, but by the time she opened the door to call him back, he had already disappeared from the hallway. Peering out into the hallway, all she saw were the guards making their rounds. None even glanced her way, thankfully since she was barely covered by a silk robe.

She sat back on her bed, the tears rolling down her face as she realized that she might never see Kasar again after today. She would go back to California, to her teaching and her lonely life with her friends that would never become boyfriends and Kasar would marry some awful woman who could never love him as much as she did. This stranger might be beautiful and dutiful, but no one would understand him and feel as much for him as she did.

He deserved someone better than she though. He deserved someone who would dedicate her life to making his reign successful and profitable for all the people. Sarila knew she loved him but wouldn't be satisfied living her life through her husband. Not that Kasar would ask that of her. But he deserved someone truly dedicated to him. She tried to pull herself together, to show a strong front, but the tears rolled down her face as she packed her bags that morning.

Sarila heard the door open but just assumed it was the servant bringing her morning coffee. "I don't need any coffee, today. Thank you though." She said, her back to the door.

"I don't have any coffee, but I do have a good ear to listen," her mother said, coming up behind Sarila and putting her arms around her shoulders, hugging her gently.

Sarila couldn't hold back the flood of tears any longer. "Oh, mother. What am I going to do?" she asked, turning into her mother's embrace and sobbing out her misery.

Her mother wrapped Sarila up in her gentle arms and rocked her back and forth as if she were a child while Sarila cried her eyes out. When the storm had lessened slightly, she sat back and looked at Sarila. "Have you considered telling him how you feel?"

Sarila sniffed and wiped her tears away with a tissue, shaking her head. "I've tried. But each time I start to talk to him, he just...." She was going to say he kisses her or distracts her with his touch, but she couldn't tell her mother that.

But Nadia was not blind. "He has a way about him, doesn't he?" she smiled knowingly. "Your Kasar is quite the lover, I'm guessing."

"I don't...." she started, but she'd never been able to lie to her mother. "He's not 'my' Kasar, mother."

Nadia smiled gently. "But you'd like him to be wouldn't you?" she asked softly. "You're in love with him," she said as if that made everything okay.

Sarila didn't answer but there really was no need. The truth was written all over her face. "Does daddy know?"

"That you're in love with him? Or that you've been making love with him every night?"

"Sarila grimaced. "Either one."

"He knows your feelings but probably not your activities. He might even know about that but isn't willing to acknowledge those kinds of things in his mind. He'll turn a blind eye until he needs to do something about it. That's what makes him such a wonderful diplomat. He knows when to speak up and when to look away."

Sarila laughed but it was more of a hiccup. "Yes, he's very good at his job, I guess."

Nadia's head turned sideways as she searched her daughter's face, noting the signs of strain. "Why haven't you told Kasar how you feel?"

She sniffed and wiped her eyes with a tissue. "Because he doesn't want to be married to me."

"How do you know?"

"It was basically the first thing he said to me when he found me on the beach back in California," she explained, smiling at the memory of his body guard face down on the ground.

"Didn't you feel the same way at that point?"

"Yes,"

"But you've changed your mind since then, right?"

Sarila sighed heavily, wondering why her mother kept asking these kinds of questions. "Yes. What's your point mother?" she said, piling a stack of clothes into her duffle bag.

"My point is," her mother said, rolling her eyes at her daughter's obtuseness, "that you felt the same way about Kasar initially but now you've changed your mind. Now I know that it is a bizarre suggestion, but have you ever considered the possibility that he might have changed his mind about you as well?"

Sarila shook her head emphatically. "No. Kasar knows his mind. It's one of the things I respect about him."

"I think you're wrong about his feelings toward you. I've seen the way he looks at you and it isn't a man who is ready to let his woman depart," Nadia said with feeling. "And if you're wrong, and he feels the same way about your relationship, then leaving today would be one of the biggest mistakes of your life."

Hope flared in her chest and she considered her mother's words. Could Kasar feel the same way? But if he did, why hadn't he said anything? Why had he smothered her words each night when he came to her? And more importantly, why hadn't he said anything to her? The hope died painfully and Sarila looked back down at her hands clutching the tissue mercilessly. "I think you're a romantic," Sarila countered, wishing that her mother's words were true but unwilling to even consider them for fear that her mother was wrong.

Nadia took her daughter's hands in hers, then touched her cheek to get Sarila to look at her. "I've seen the way he treats you, the way he looks at you from across the room, the way he laughs when you laugh but he can't hear anything you're saying because you're too far away. I've seen the way he protects you, even from your parents," she laughed, shaking her head at the audacity of the man. "He's in love with you, Sarila. And if you're so thickheaded that you can't see it, then you don't deserve him," she said, turning away to take the next stack of clothes, tossing them into her suitcase.

Sarila stared at her mother. "How does he look at me?" she asked, that vicious spark of hope flaming back to tentative life within her heart again. What had her mother seen that Sarila had missed?

Nadia put a hand on her daughter's arms. "He looks like he's in love with you," she said, emphasizing each word. "Don't let him get away simply because you're too afraid to let him know you feel the same way. Pride is the only thing standing in your way right now and I can guarantee that pride won't keep you warm on cold nights and it won't put a smile on your face when you're feeling down. Only Kasar can do that for you and I think you know that, don't you?"

The idea of declaring her love for him was too terrifying when he'd given her no indication that her feelings were reciprocated. For him, it had been just good sex between the two of them. Sarila was just another woman in a long line of them that had found ecstasy in his arms and his bed. "It's too late," Sarila said, dumping the rest of her clothes into the suitcase, not caring if they were neat or not. She didn't care much about anything at this point. "I'm leaving in less than an hour."

Her mother made a very unfeminine sound as she took in her daughter's stubborn chin. "You don't have to go," her mother said emphatically. "It isn't like you're on a commercial flight or anything," she said, frustrated now and starting to tear up herself.

Sarila zipped up her suitcase, took a deep, sustaining breath, then took her mother's arm and led her down the hallway. "Let's go have breakfast. I'm finished here," she said.

Her mother allowed Sarila to guide her down the hallway but was reluctant to let her change the subject so easily. "Why don't you go find Kasar and talk to him instead," Nadia said. "You've talked to me enough lately and obviously not enough to that man of yours."

Sarila wished she had the courage, but she was too scared.

In the end, she didn't have to go find him. He was sitting at the table already. Kasar rose when they stepped into the breakfast room, then came around the table to help Sarila into her chair. The king and queen were also there as was Sarila's father. Everyone looked very glum.

The group spoke only in generalities during breakfast. Sarila couldn't eat anything so she just sipped her coffee and looked down at the dark brew, wishing she was alone with Kasar. Her mother's words kept slipping into her mind and she dared a look up at Kasar occasionally. But he looked stern and very unapproachable.

Kasar watched in frustration as the five other occupants of the table discussed the weather and various functions that had happened over the last three days. He was furious that he hadn't been able to convince Sarila to stay and felt like slamming his fist down onto the wooden table. Instead, he stole glances at the beauty who would never accept a life with him, wishing he could somehow show her that they could make it work, that he could make her happy being married to him. But he knew it was no use. If he hadn't convinced her by now, there was nothing left for him to do. She would climb on board the helicopter and fly back to the life she preferred, leaving him to a life of emptiness without her smile and her challenges.

Why didn't she understand that they were perfect in every way for each other? He didn't want to tie her down but needed her wisdom and compassion to make Abasar a better place for their people. Why was she being so stubborn? He knew that she loved him. Was marrying him so abhorrent? But he'd tried, both physically by making love to her with everything he had, as well as intellectually by showing her how she could make a difference in their people's lives through a better education.

Gripping his coffee, he wished he could just leave her now and not watch her run away again. He wished he'd never gone off to get her and bring her home. He could have somehow convinced his parents that the betrothal should be set aside. Now he had the ache of loving her, knowing she was going to reject him.

The whipping of the helicopter blades almost had Sarila break down in tears again. She looked out the window and saw one of the servants put her suitcase into the back of the helicopter.

"I guess I'd better get moving," she said and stood up sadly. It felt as if her feet were encased in lead shoes. She just didn't want to leave and wished something would happen, some sign from Kasar that would indicate that perhaps her mother had been right earlier.

Nadia sniffed and took her daughter in her arms, giving her a hug. "You know this is wrong, dear. You should tell him what you are feeling. Be brave and know that you are loved in return! If you don't find the courage, rest assured, we'll come out to see you next month," she promised.

Her father hugged her gently, then looked at her with his serious, all knowing eyes. "You shouldn't be leaving," he said sternly. "You know what you should do. Have courage," he said.

Sarila stared at him as he stepped away and put his arm around Nadia.

The king and queen gave her a kiss and a gentle hug, then everyone turned to Kasar who was standing to the side. He came over to her and hugged her, blocking everyone's view with his broad shoulders.

"Walk me to the door?" she asked, working up the nerve to say something to him.

A muscle clenched in his jaw and she could see that he was about to turn her down. "I should say goodbye here," he said. His eyes were hooded as he looked down at her.

She remembered her mother's story about providing what her father needed, despite his needing to ask for it. Her father's encouragement also gave her strength so she shook her head, indicating that a simple goodbye wasn't going to suffice. "I need to talk to you," she whispered, glancing behind him to see four pairs of eyes that were filled with curiosity and tears. There were also two pairs that were filled with pride. Her mother nodded slightly, her fingers crossing superstitiously.

Kasar nodded but his jaw clenched. Sarila almost lost her courage, but another look from her mother gave her the last little boost she needed.

She pulled him along, stopping him right outside the door. The noise was loud but she pulled him down so she could talk in his ear. "I know you're not interested in marriage right now, but if you ever do, in the future..." she stumbled, looking down at her hands that were twisting in front of her, "well, I love you," she shouted, then looked away. "I know you deserve someone who will be a wonderful mother and I'd probably want to help with the schools whenever I could but I love you and I know I would make you a wonderful wife but I also know you're not ready right now," she said, and sniffed back the tears that were streaming down her face again. "But anyway, just think of me once in a while," she said, then turned and ran toward the helicopter, needing to escape her humiliation as he just stood there staring at her.

She was walking up the steps to the helicopter, almost to her escape when she felt a steel band wrap around her waist and lift her up. She reached down and felt Kadar's hand and forearm, his body was plastered against her back and he was carrying her back inside the palace.

Once inside and she could take a breath, he turned her around, placing her back up against the wall. "Repeat what you just said," he demanded, one arm on either side of her head.

Sarila looked at the buttons on his shirt and took a deep breath. They were alone now. He'd taken her into another room off the courtyard. "I said, I hope you'll think of me..."

"The part before that," he commanded.

"The part about you not being ready for marriage?"

"No, the thing you said right before that.

She took a deep breath and looked outside. "I love you."

Kasar pulled her against his body and hugged her. "That's what I thought you said." He looked down at her, then his mouth descended to hers, kissing her wildly, making her head spin with the wonder of his kiss.

"I love you too," he said and kissed her again. It was a long time before he let her up for air but by that time, she didn't care anymore. Her arms were wrapped around his neck and her body was plastered against his, reveling in the feeling of his warmth and his solid strength.

The king cleared his throat behind them. "I don't mean to intrude on what I hope is a very joyful and meaningful moment, but may I dismiss the helicopter? It is really messing up my crepe myrtle," he said, chuckling as the couple looked up with glazed eyes.

"Please do," Kasar said. "And set the date for as soon as possible," he said before dipping his head down to kiss her again.

The king smiled from ear to ear before leaving. "Three weeks, Kasar!" he said and pulled the door closed.

"What's in three weeks?" she asked, gasping as his hand slipped underneath her shirt and touched the sensitive skin on her back.

"Our wedding," he said, kissing her neck. "Do you think your father would mind if I carried you back to your room to make love to you?" he asked, pulling her hips closer to his so she could understand what his body was asking for.

"I think he would mind very much, but I know I'll need a nap pretty soon," she said.

"Good. I'll watch over you to make sure you sleep," he laughed.

"Are we really getting married?" she asked, ignoring the fact that she was not going to catch up on her sleep any time soon.

"In three weeks," Kasar confirmed. "I love you," he said and smiled down at her. "Why did you have to wait until the last minute to tell me you loved me?" he demanded.

Sarila laughed. "Because every time I tried to talk to you last night, you kissed me."

Kasar threw back his head and laughed. "I was trying to keep you from telling me to leave you alone."

She laughed delightedly then threw her arms around him, loving him even more. "I love you!" she said.

"And you'll continue to help improve the education system? And have children with me? And become my queen?" he asked.

"Only if you'll love me and give me lots of babies," she confirmed.

"It's a deal," he said, bending down to kiss her again.

