Chapter 1

The lightening flashed outside as an electric storm huddled over Danibe, the capitol city of Asham. Every once in a while, the thunder would boom, sometimes causing the glasses on the table to shake precipitously. The mood inside the elaborately decorated room within the palace of Asham matched the ferociousness of the outside storm. Kalil Asidua Benoit the Third, Sheik of Asham sat at the end of the highly polished wooden table and listened as the angry voices argued across the table, some men standing up in their efforts to be heard, angry fists and pointing fingers.

"Enough," Kalil said, his black, intense gaze taking in every man in the room to see if any would challenge him. None dared. The moment he spoke, silence descended on the group and twenty pairs of eyes turned to look at him expectantly.

"I've heard both sides of this argument and I believe we should move forward with the purchase," he said firmly. Turning to Jasir, his personal secretary who shadowed him almost always, he said, "Make the arrangements to travel to London. We'll leave tomorrow afternoon." Without another word, he stood up to leave and twenty men also rose hurriedly to their feet as well, protocol dictating that no one sat when the Crown Prince was not sitting.

Without a backwards glance, Kalil left the room, his thoughts immediately moving on to the next meeting and the issues it would present.

"What's next, Jasir?" Kalil asked, walking quickly down the hallway.

Jasir had to rush to keep up with the prince. Jasir was a small man, only five feet six inches which made it difficult to keep up with the man he served who was nine inches taller and was much more muscular which meant Kalil's strong body ate up the distance wherever he went.

Slightly out of breath already, Jasir consulted his schedule. "You have a one o'clock meeting with the Minister of the Interior, then a two o'clock meeting with your father. Also, your mother has requested your presence at dinner tonight," he said but this last was delivered with more hesitancy.

"Will my fiancee be there?" he asked.

Jasir nodded but because Kalil was already three feet ahead of him, Kalil couldn't see the affirmation. "Yes, Your Highness."

"And will my brother?" Kalil asked, stopping with one hand on the door to the conference room.

"I don't believe he will be," Jasir said.

Kalil thought for only a moment. "Be sure Jasim is in attendance." Kalil disappeared into the room, leaving Jasir to follow or take care of the order for dinner.

Five hours later, Kalil walked into the family dining room. He immediately noted the tension between the two other occupants and smiled slightly. "Fighting again, Jasim? And with such a lovely lady?" he asked, walking over to where Jalla was standing by a sofa looking flushed and aggravated.

"I'd never argue with such loveliness," Jasim said but there was an edge to his voice as he replied, betraying the truth behind his words.

Jalla ignored Jasim's dig and turned to smile gently up at Kalil. "How are you tonight?" she asked, accepting the kiss Kalil bestowed on her hand.

"Very well, and you?" Kalil returned with equal civility.

"Fine, thank you," she said evenly but Kalil didn't miss the glare she shot over to Jasim as if to challenge her assertion that she was fine.

"Am I missing something?" Kalil asked in a steady voice and walked over to the bar to pour himself a drink.

"Nothing at all," Jasim said. "How is that new stallion that arrived yesterday?" he asked, changing the subject. Kalil and Jasim talked about horses until their parents arrived. The dinner was uneventful and afterwards, Kalil walked Jalla down the hallway to the suite of rooms she used whenever she stayed within the palace. Jalla had grown up in the palace and had been named Kalil's betrothed at birth. Kalil knew that they would work out well together once they were married.

"Why don't you want to set a date for the wedding?" she asked when they'd reached the doors to her suite.

Kalil smiled benignly down into her soft brown eyes. "Because I don't think it is the right time," Kalil said, standing in front of her and taking her hands in his. "Is there anything you'd like to tell me?" he asked.

Jalla's eyes clouded over and she started to speak, only to stop and shake her head. "No. I was just hoping to start our marriage and give you the children you need for the future."

Kalil smiled gently down at her. "That is very generous of you but the time will be right for your wedding soon enough. I promise." With those words, he lifted her hand and kissed her gently on the fingers. Then stepped away to wait until she was safely inside her suite.

Chapter 2

Quickly unlocking the door, Dani dropped her small bag of groceries onto the counter and grabbed the ringing phone. Groaning loudly in frustration, she forced herself to ignore the broken egg that oozed out of the carton and stepped back so the mess wouldn't get onto her shoes. It had been a long day and all she wanted to do was curl up in the corner of her sofa and read a good book.

Some instinct told her not to answer the phone. But the insistent sound forced her to answer it only so it would stop. "Hello?" she asked, out of breath from rushing up the narrow staircase and pushing the brown curls off her face and out of the way.

"Danielle? It's Mike down at the restaurant. I hope you don't have plans tonight because I need you to fill in for Chuck."

Dani looked at the clock on the mantle and her groceries on the floor. She wished she could say no but she really needed the extra money for the wedding. Biting her lip in indecision, she stared around at her empty apartment. The mystery she'd been reading the previous night lay open on the chipped coffee table and she knew that the only thing she had in her refrigerator to eat was bread, ketchup and now some broken eggs. "Okay, what time do you need me?" she asked, pushing her fatigue and hunger to the back of her mind. She told herself that whatever she could scrounge up to eat at the restaurant would be much better than what she would eat here at home.

Mike let out a whoosh of relief. "Thanks, Dani! I promise you won't regret this. I'll put in an extra few euros for you. Can you be here in an hour?" he asked.

Dani nodded, then remembered he couldn't see her. "Sure. I'll be there. What's the occasion?" Closing her blue eyes against the sight of the beaten up but comfortable couch, she resigned herself to a night of being on her feet and smiling at people she didn't particularly like.

"I don't know. I just know that Chuck, the guy normally scheduled to work tonight, didn't pass the background check and so I submitted your name and you passed, of course," he chuckled.

"Background check?" Dani didn't like the sound of that. It sounded a little invasive. It was just waitressing work. Why in the world would a background check be required, she wondered.

"Yeah, there's some big shin dig with a lot of dignitaries here tonight. I don't know anything else since they wouldn't tell me more but everyone working tonight had to have a quick background check."

"Interesting," she said, but she didn't really think so. In fact, she wasn't even mildly curious.

"I'll give you the bar so it will be easier tonight," he said, letting her know she'd be bar tending instead of serving food which was more difficult.

"Thanks, Mike. I'll be there in an hour," she replied unenthusiastically.

"You're a doll!" he exclaimed and rung off.

Dani picked up the groceries that had fallen from the counter to the floor and sighed heavily. The last thing she wanted to do after a full week of teaching first graders was to mind the bar, pouring drinks for spoiled, wealthy clientele but if it would mean a little extra money, she was all for it. Every euro she saved brought her that much closer to her wedding date.

She and Mark had dated for a year and almost engaged for another six months but he didn't want to commit to a wedding date until they had enough to pay for the wedding themselves. She loved him but didn't understand his desire to pay for an elaborate wedding they could ill afford. She was a school teacher and he an accountant so it wasn't as if either of them could afford the extravagance.

In her mind, it made more sense to work towards buying a small house. She was fine with this small apartment but it only had one bedroom. Dani wanted to have children as soon as possible and it would be difficult if they were still living in a small, one bedroom apartment. Mark had his own place which was even smaller than hers so neither was a good option for having children.

Dani wished Mark felt the same way about kids. She didn't understand his need to have things financially secure before venturing out into something. Didn't he know that kids needed love and security much more than they needed fancy clothes and designer shoes?

Dani quickly put her groceries away and changed for her evening. Since her hair was already pulled back from her day of teaching, she just pulled on a pair of black slacks, white, starched shirt and carried the requisite tie in her purse as she rode the subway to the posh restaurant.

"Thank goodness you're here," Mike said as soon as she walked into his office. "The guests are already arriving so you'll have to hurry. I've checked the bar and put in extra supplies," he said, his face red with worry and exertion. Then he stopped a moment to look at her. "You look fantastic, by the way. No one would think you were a school teacher," he joked, looking over her black and white uniform that barely hid her voluptuous figure and slim hips. But it wasn't really her petite, curvy frame that made men stop and stare. It was her eyes. She had the most incredible blue eyes that captured and held onto an observer. They were surrounded by long, black lashes and high cheekbones with the most incredible translucent skin.

Mike reminded himself that he was a married man and cleared his throat. "Sorry. I was distracted," he said shortly and turned away. "Follow me and I'll help you set up the bar for the night.

"What's going on?" she asked again as he hurried her into the private dining room. As soon as she walked through the kitchen, the smell of roasting beef and chicken mixed in with garlic and butter struck her with a powerful aroma. Her stomach started protesting her lack of dinner and she grabbed a dinner roll to tide her over until she could grab something more substantial.

Mike picked up a roll himself and took a bite, shaking his head in response to her question. "I don't know and I don't care. If I survive tonight, I'll count myself lucky," he whispered.

She was about to ask why he was so nervous but then she saw the tall, serious men standing on the outside of the private dining room, their backs against the mahogany doors. "Who are they?" she asked, feeling like she was being watched as she walked through the dining room doors.

They looked to Mike before they moved out of the way, holding the door for her politely.

"Guards," he said and left her standing in the middle of the dining room alone as he hurried off to ensure that the kitchen staff was organized.

Dani didn't understand the worry. The restaurant regularly hosted many dignitaries, even heads of state on occasion. Dani had never worked those dinners since they were during the week usually but she'd heard about them. She only worked on Friday and Saturday nights, reserving the other evenings for preparing or reviewing her lesson plans. She was able to sleep in on Saturday and Sunday mornings so she didn't mind the fatigue. It meant she didn't get to see Mark as often as she'd like though. That concerned her a little, she thought as she slipped behind the beautifully carved and polished bar, organizing the bottles for quick service.

Within five minutes, she had several men lined up demanding drinks. She quickly and efficiently served them their cocktails and so it went for over an hour. Dani had no idea what was being discussed since they were speaking in Arabic or some other Middle Eastern language she couldn't even guess at.

She kept her head bent most of the time searching for bottles anyway. She wasn't sure, but she sensed that several of them were talking about her. A small part of her wished they would move on and conduct their conversations somewhere else but the night became too busy to be worried about a couple of rude men who leered at her.

She was busily searching for the tonic water when a sudden silence fell over the room. A loud voice seemed to announce something. But since it was still in another language, she just continued to search for the extra bottles of tonic. Everyone around bowed just as Dani stood up victoriously, a large grin spreading across her rosebud lips. Her blue eyes looked around, trying to figure out what was going on and why it became quiet so suddenly when her eyes slashed across the room, right into the eyes of the most gorgeous man she'd ever seen. Dani's smile of victory quickly dissolved as the man's eyebrow went up and he looked over at her. She felt as if she were being stripped naked. His eyes took in her starched shirt that was now pulled tightly across her voluptuous breasts and her slacks that fit her slim hips, tapering down to her ankles.

She didn't know it, but her eyes were doing the same inventory and he definitely didn't come up lacking. Every line of his body and face showed his arrogance, his absolute command and Dani was struck with the most bizarre feeling in her stomach. He was extremely tall, well over a head taller than every other man in the room. His shoulders were broad, tapering to hips that didn't hold a bit of flab anywhere. Glancing back to his face, she noted the stern mouth, square jaw line and eyes that sharpened with interest as she continued her perusal. When she realized what she was doing, her face flushed and she glanced down at the floor, too embarrassed at being caught in such an awkward position.

Slowly, the rest of the room stood up and her view of the man was blocked. She felt a small sense of relief as if she'd been held captive by the intensity of his dark eyes. A shudder went through her and she shook her head at her fanciful notions.

Looking down, she realized that she was gripping the bottle of tonic water as if her life depended on it. The men who had been waiting on their drinks before the man's entry turned to face the bar again and continued their conversation as if nothing of great importance had just occurred.

A few minutes later, the men all migrated towards the large table with the gorgeous man at the head. The wait staff hurried in, quickly serving the men and thankfully, the wine staff came in directly behind them and served the wine, giving Dani a chance to breathe.

It was almost two o'clock in the morning when the men finally started leaving. Dani was feeling as if she could pass out from fatigue any moment since she'd been up since five o'clock that morning and had taught a group of thirty children all day. Her feet ached and her eyes felt as if there was sandpaper in them.

"You've done well," a deep voice said.

Dani glanced up and all her fatigue seemed to disappear. Here was the man and he was actually speaking to her. It was the first time all evening someone had actually spoken to her that wasn't a drink order.

"Th...thank you," she said nervously and dropped her eyes to the polished wooden bar. "Can I get you something to drink?" she asked politely.

"Only if you'll join me," he replied.

Dani's eyes shot right back to his. "Oh, well...no, I'm sorry but I can't," she explained.

"Of course you can," he countered. "Just pour yourself a glass and come around to the other side," he said and added a devastating smile to his words.

Dani's stomach started that flipping fluttering thing again, making her feel slightly queasy. "No...I mean, thank you very much for the offer but it is against the rules," she said. "But I would be more than happy to serve you anything you'd like."

After a long moment, the man replied, "And if it is you I would like? Would you serve me?"

Dani actually took a step backwards and gasped. "Excuse me?" she demanded.

The man smiled. "I'm guessing that you are not being offered as dessert," he replied. "I apologize if I've offended you. But please, come have a glass of wine. You look like you are exhausted. I guarantee you will not be fired."

Dani shook her head. "No, thank you," she replied stiffly.

The man didn't take offense at her cool tone but stood up and actually came around to the back of the bar.

"Sit," he ordered and Dani was shocked to find herself obeying his order. She plunked herself down on the bar stool and glared at him. The effort only caused him to chuckle and the sound soothed her ruffled feathers more than his apology. "Again, I apologize for offending you." He poured a glass of white wine and placed it in front of her before turning to pour some bourbon into a glass for himself. When he was done, he came around to the other side and sat down in the bar stool next to her. They were the only ones left except for the guards who she noticed were standing sentry right outside the double doors that stood slightly ajar.

"What is your name?" he asked.

"Danielle," she said. "And yours?"

The man looked surprised but only smiled slightly. "You may call me Kalil," he said and his dark eyes looked directly into her blue ones. "I'm surprised your husband would allow you to work this late."

Dani laughed. "After I'm married, I don't think I'd allow my husband to allow me to do anything," she said, taking a sip of the excellent white wine, allowing the cold liquid to slide easily down her throat.

"So you are not married?" he said, looking surprised by that announcement. "That seems hard to believe."

"Well, I'm almost engaged," she said and looked down at her glass, unable to hold his gaze.

There was a long pause. "You're boyfriend is not worthy of you," he replied.

Dani flushed. "Mark is a very nice man," she countered.

Kalil just laughed softly. "Any woman who describes her almost fiance as 'nice' is not in love with him."

Dani's eyes shot up to him. "What do you know of love?" she challenged. "I'm sure you imagine your wife sitting at home, counting the minutes until you arrive to enliven her life with your presence but some of us have our own lives and live it just fine,"

Kalil smiled at her description. "As yet, I am not married either. But I hope the woman I choose to marry will indeed love me to the point of counting the minutes until I arrive at her side."

"Are you going to do the same?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because it is different for a man," he replied, amused by her challenge.

"It is different for you, perhaps. But the man I marry will be so in love with me that he will be counting the minutes when I'm away,' she said.

"And does your Mark?" he asked, "count the minutes, that is, until he sees you?"

Dani just glared at him. She couldn't lie because she knew that Mark was out with his friends tonight playing cards. He was probably still up doing just that and not thinking of her.

Kalil laughed again. "You see? It is different for a man. But perhaps he is not the love of your life?"

"How dare you say that?" she said, but the heat was gone from her voice.

"I dare," he said and his hand moved to touch her forearm.

Dani's indrawn breath was audible and her shocked eyes shot back to his, her arm moving quickly away from his touch but her face flamed to color. It was as if an electric current was shooting through her system, melting her insides and burning her skin.

The moment was broken by one of the guards leaning into the room and saying something quickly in Arabic. Kalil responded and sighed. "I'm sorry my dear but I must take this phone call. We'll continue this discussion when I return," he said and stood up, walking out of the room with the determined stride of someone who had been in charge for a long time.

Dani was so shaken by his touch, she was almost shivering. Wait for him to come back? She thought not! Dani jumped off of the bar stool and ran out of the room as if she was being chased by demons. She made her way through the kitchens, grabbed her purse from her locker and left by the back way.

It was cold now and the sky was starting to drizzle cold and dreary rain. Dani pulled her collar up on her jacket and started walking towards the subway station. She hated herself for reacting so violently towards a man she'd known for only a half hour. How could she have let him get to her so easily? Kalil - whoever he was - somehow knew her buttons but she'd escaped. She'd get back home, soak in a warm shower and snuggle under her blankets. First thing in the morning, she'd called Mark and meet him for breakfast. She'd sit across from him and be reminded of all the wonderful attributes she loved about him and that would reassure herself of her life's plan. Everything would be okay.

Headlights shined from behind her but she simply pulled her jacket more securely around her, walking closer to the buildings for safety. She hated being out here this late at night but she didn't have a car so there was no alternative.

Her heartbeat raced when the car stopped beside her but she refused to even acknowledge the car. News stories of women being abducted from the streets by passing cars raced through her mind and she sped up her walking. The subway stop was still a block away and she felt her body break out in a cold sweat as fear took over.

"Danielle," a deep voice said from behind her.

Dani visibly jumped at hearing her name. She stopped and looked around, then saw the long, dark, elegant limousine waiting beside the curb.

"Danielle, get into the car please," a deep voice said from the dark interior of the car.

A man stepped out of the front seat passenger side and held open the door for her. Dani hesitated, still terrified but for a whole other reason now.

"No, thank you," she said and turned away to start walking again.

She'd only made it a few steps when a strong hand clamped around her elbow. "Danielle, you shouldn't be out here this late at night. It is dangerous," Kalil said and pulled her gently but firmly towards the waiting car. "I will drive you home," he said and followed her into the car.

The door shut as soon as she sat down and Dani looked around, never having been inside a limousine before.

"Relax," Kalil said and pressed a button that separated the driver's area from the passenger seating. "Why did you run away like that?" he demanded.

Dani sat back, knowing she couldn't get away from him now that the car was moving. "I considered the conversation over."

"And I said we'd continue it when I was off the phone," Kalil countered. There wasn't a hint of emotion on his face but he looked over at the tiny woman who had challenged him and his authority ever since he'd walked into the dining room tonight.

It had been a productive evening and he wanted to spend the rest of the night making love to this shy woman sitting so stiffly across from him. But he had to put her at ease before he could do anything, he knew.

She didn't even know the liberties he'd allowed her. No woman, much less a man, had ever had the audacity to challenge him like this slip of a woman had. Why had he allowed it? Deep down, he knew exactly why. And he longed to test his theory again. That one single touch, so brief, had flamed him as no other woman had ever done before.

He suspected that she didn't even know what a beauty she was. Her reddish brown hair was primly pulled behind her head, showing off her delicate features which were dominated by her sexy eyes that promised so much to anyone looking deep enough. And he was definitely going to search.

"How old are you, Dani?" he asked suddenly.

"Twenty five," she said, grateful for the easy questions. "And you?"

"And me what?"

"How old are you?"

Kalil smiled again. "Do you know how impertinent you're being?"

"No. You asked me a question. I was just asking it right back."

"As I said earlier, it is different for a man. For me."

Dani smiled and Kalil held his breath as her cheeks dimpled deeply. "You're a bit arrogant, aren't you? You're going to have to explain why it is impertinent for me to ask a question but not for you to ask it."

"I'm going to have to?" he asked, still shocked that she would dare order him. "You don't know who I am, do you?"

Dani shook her head and a small lock of hair fell onto her face. "No," she said as she reached behind her to pull the pins from her hair. "But I'm guessing you're awfully wealthy and that's what makes you think you can order people around."

Kalil didn't tell her who he was. He liked the fact that she wasn't intimidated by him. It was a novel feeling. "Believe it or not, I can order people around."

"I'm sure whatever company you work for, or probably own, you can order anyone about. But I don't work for you. Nor will I ever so let's just drop that subject, shall we? About your age?"

Kalil didn't explain that with a snap of his fingers, he could have her fired from whatever position she currently held no matter where she worked. Being the crown prince to one of the wealthiest countries in the world gave him enormous power, no matter where he was in the world.

"I am thirty six years old," he responded, not sure why. "Why are you so tired?" he asked, noting the dark circles under her beautiful eyes.

"Because I teach school during the day. That means I've been up since early this morning and it is almost dawn." She looked down at her watch and gasped at the time. "I've basically been up for twenty four hours now." She looked out the window and noticed that they were almost to her flat. "How did you know where I live?" she asked.

Kalil didn't answer her but leaned forward and took a lock of her hair between his fingers. "Lovely," he said, rubbing the silky strands between his fingers. "Why do you wear it up like that?"

Dani could barely think with his fingers so close to her face. "I....I just..." she couldn't answer. Thankfully, the car slid smoothly to a stop and she pulled away from his hand.

She scrambled out of the car, frantically searching for her keys. As much as she'd like to run away, years of manners forced her to turn around and thank him for the ride home.

"I'd...oomph!" she said, running into his large, powerful chest. "What are you doing?" she asked, taking a step back on the sidewalk.

"I'll walk you to your door," he said.

"There's no need," she said quickly, knowing that her walkup was tiny, the stairs so narrow they irritated her sometimes. "Seriously, I thank you for the ride but there's no need to walk me inside," she said, trying to be firm but hearing the quiver in her voice as he towered over her.

"My pleasure," he replied, taking the keys out of her shaking fingers. "After you," he said.

Dani knew there was no alternative but to walk up to her flat so he could see she was safe and secure. Sighing, she turned and led the way.

It seemed like an interminably long walk up the steps and she was self-conscious of him behind her. But at her door, she leaned against the wall, allowing him as much space as possible to unlock her door, which wasn't much.

He calmly unlocked the door, then pushed it open for her. "Have dinner with me tomorrow night," he said, looking down at her face.

Dani immediately shook her head, refusing to look up at him. She stared down at his hand-made shoes instead, not willing to get pulled into the hypnotic gaze he had. "No, I don't think that would be a good idea," she replied.

He put a small hand under her chin and forced her gaze up to his. Dani wished she had the power to resist him, but just as it had earlier, his touch melted her insides and she complied with his unspoken order. Mesmerized, she watched as his mouth descended to hers. At the first touch, she was lost. Her hands, which had been gripping her small purse, were suddenly gripping the lapels of his perfectly tailored suit and her mouth, which she had willed to be still, were molding to his.

Her body, which had been pressed against the wall, was suddenly pulled close to his body, her soft curves blending perfectly with his hard planes. Dani whimpered, unable to control the passion that was spinning out of control as his mouth deepened the kiss.

"Open your mouth, Danielle," he whispered and she immediately complied, dropping her purse without even knowing what she was doing. All she knew was that the world was tilting and her only solid ground was this magnificent man and his mouth, his body touching every inch of hers.

She heard the door close but didn't know what had happened. All she knew was that the hot feelings were coursing through her system, making her mindless and needing more. Standing on her toes, she reached for him, her eyes closed and her breathing coming in hard gasps. She felt him pull her shirt out of the waist band of her slacks and then the heat of his hands against her skin. But it didn't matter. Nothing mattered anymore except feeling more of what he could do to her.

"Kalil..." she started to say but he stopped her by covering her mouth again with his, his tongue invading her mouth, mating with hers as his body was craving to do with her body.

He touched her skin and was amazed at the silken texture, the slim waist that his hands almost spanned. He pulled away, just enough so he could unbutton her shirt but his mouth never left hers, never giving her a chance to think about what was happening.

"Where is your bedroom?" he asked, peeling her shirt away, his dark eyes taking in the perfect breasts that were large for her petite frame but fit perfectly in his hands. He liked the lace that covered her breasts, delicate and feminine, just like her.

"Why?" she asked, then inhaled sharply when his mouth covered her already hard nipple with his mouth. The heat made her body ache and she couldn't think, only pull him closer, needing him more and more.

"I'll find it," he said but then her hands touched his skin above his collar and he was unable to think any longer himself. Her hands fluttered on his neck, her slim fingers tangling in his hair, pulling his head closer to her.

Kalil's suit jacket fell to the floor. His tie was ripped off his neck and tossed behind him and his fingers deftly unbuttoned the shirt, baring his chest to her eager fingers. He sucked in his breath when her hands touched him tentatively. Her fingers were so delicate and he wanted to feel her touching him. He pushed her hand against his skin, trapping her hands there between their bodies as he bent down again to capture her mouth. There was no time to move to the bedroom, he thought. All his control had slipped away with the small, exploring touches she gave him.

Kalil tried to think about something else, anything else that would give him back his control. He'd always been in control so this was a new and, not so good and yet thrilling experience.

Picking her up, he carried her through the only door in the small apartment and was gratified to find the bed with its frilly pillows. Laying her down in the center, he pushed her back into the softness and buried his face in her soft stomach, his hands working the zipper on her slacks. Within moments, she was only in her underwear, his hot gaze taking in her slender hips, tiny waist and perfect breasts.

"You're beautiful," he said with a husky voice and bent down to kiss her thigh, his tongue licking, his teeth nibbling while his hands discarded his clothing quickly. The need to be inside her was driving away every thought in his mind, all control and he gave in to the incredible feelings.

Dani could barely breathe as he slid her panties down her legs, his mouth kissing every inch along the way. He even pulled her big toe into his mouth, sucking hard and her body writhed on the bed, her fingers itching to hold him again. "Please!" she demanded, her thighs aching for something she didn't understand.

Kalil tried to smile, but it was too much of an effort. Sliding up her body, he captured her nipple again, his hands releasing the front clasp and his mouth parted the tiny scrap of material. Seeing her breasts, freed from restraint made him lose the small bit of control he had left. His mouth latched onto her nipple again while his legs moved between hers. His body was aching now and he parted her legs. As soon as he started to enter her, he was in ecstasy, feeling her heat close around him and her tight sheath envelope him.

"You're so tight," he said as he pushed into her and then drove in, her wetness driving him wild. "I'm sorry, Dani," he cried out. "I can't slow down," he said and buried himself to the hilt.

He heard her gasp and felt the resistance but nothing mattered now except helping her find the release so he could too. A small part of his mind acknowledged that she had been a virgin but he couldn't stop, even to apologize. His hand reached down between their bodies and helped her. Feeling her near her climax drove him over the edge and he couldn't give her the additional pleasure he usually strived for with a woman. He could only mindlessly drive into her, the cries of release the only sound besides the blood pounding in his head as he fell on top of her sweet body.

Rolling over, he pulled her with him, not wanting to crush her as he caught his breath.

Dani had never imagined that she could feel those things. Her mind was reeling and her body was still simmering. She felt whole, complete as he pulled her close, his mouth kissing her shoulder as his hands continued to touch her, feeling her back, resting on her bottom then sliding up her waist to rest just under her breasts.

And it was starting again. As he continued to touch her, she could feel him growing inside her, filling her again and his thumb, which had been resting casually, flicked her nipple and she threw her head back, her eyes looking into his as he groaned. "Again!" he demanded and pulled her knees forward and her shoulders up.

Dani was shocked to find her self sitting on him, riding him but his hands were insistent as he lifted her hips, showing her how to move and the friction was incredible. The feelings overwhelmed her and she cried out as his hands fastened on her breasts, his rough thumbs flicking the hard nubbins. "Too much," she groaned and tried to push his hands away but he just captured them in one hand, holding them behind her as his other continued to tease her flesh, moving slowly downward but finding spots that triggered more feelings on the journey.

This climax was more intense than the first and Dani cried out, arching her back as he moved inside her. When she was completely spent, she fell forward, her whole body replete as she laid against his incredible strength, praying that her breathing would once again return to normal.

Dani fell asleep curled in his arms. Two more times that night, she was awoken by his hands touching her skin and making her body come alive. But in the morning, she woke to the bright sunlight, the bed sheets a mess around her. She listened, wondering if he was somewhere in the apartment but the silence that greeted her told her that he hadn't stuck around.

Chapter 3

The morning light brought reality and shame. "What have I done?" she said out loud to the room. But there were no answers other than the unfamiliar soreness between her legs.

Somehow, Dani got through the day. She ignored the ringing phone, too afraid that it might be Mark calling to ask her for lunch. She worked that night but didn't see anything of Kalil or the guards that had been there the previous night. If it weren't for the small amount of blood on her thighs and her sheets, she might have convinced herself that Friday night hadn't happened.

Sunday afternoon, she met Mark for brunch. She accepted his brief kiss as she met him in front of the small, quaint restaurant they both normally enjoyed and smiled wanly at him.

As he led her to their table, he put a hand on the small of her back. Why didn't Mark's touch ignite the same feelings in her as Kalil's did? As he pushed her chair in for her, he brushed a small, gentle kiss on her cheek but she felt nothing and realized she never had.

"What have you been up to this weekend?" he asked her, smiling politely to the waitress who took their order.

Dani smiled, wishing she could tell him the truth. "I worked a lot," she said.

"Great. We're getting closer, aren't we?" he said and took her hand that was resting on the table. "Soon, we'll have the money for the wedding and we can officially make the announcement."

Dani pulled her hand out from his. "Are we closer?" she demanded.

"What do you mean?" he asked, his soft green eyes looking at her with a smile.

"I mean, what are you doing to earn money for our wedding?" she asked, trying to take the belligerence out of her tone. "I mean, you say 'we're' getting closer, but you're not really doing anything extra, are you?"

Mark looked at her and she wanted to wipe the smug smile off her face. "Danielle, you know how demanding my job is. I can't work two jobs like you. We've talked about this before. I thought it was all settled."

Dani took a long breath before answering. "No, I don't think we've discussed it. You've said you have a lot of work to do but what I'm now hearing is that you don't really want to get married."

"Not true," he said, shaking his head and looking across the table at her. "Dani, please don't become over emotional about this. You teach. I have a lot more responsibility. It isn't easy doing accounting work."

"And teaching a class of seven year olds is?" she asked, really hearing his words for the first time. "I'm not sure I understand your point of view."

"Now, Dani, don't get so worked up. You don't know what my job is like."

"I know I was working until after two o'clock in the morning on Friday night while you were with your friends playing poker. Why am I doing this again?"

"All our money is going into our future," he said evenly.

"No," she countered, "all my money is going into a wedding I don't really want."

He smiled and shook his head. "Every woman wants a big wedding. You know how many guests will be there."

"I know how many relatives, friends and co-workers you say you need to invite. I've always wanted a small, church wedding. You're the one who wants to invite over five hundred of your closest friends and their families."

"We can't invite just my friends and not their families, Dani. Don't be silly." He looked at her curiously. "What's gotten into you? You've never been this...."

"Confused?" she supplied.

"Belligerent," he countered. "And I don't like it. Why don't you eat your brunch and let's talk about something else."

The waitress arrived and he smiled his most charming smile up at her. Dani watched, repulsed by the way the waitress smiled right back, as if there was some sort of communication in that smile. Leaning forward, she ignored the eggs benedict Mark had ordered for her before she could state her preference.

Dani pushed her eggs around on her plate and simmered. Looking up, she shook her head. "Mark would you please kiss me?"

Mark could only laugh. "Excuse me?"

"Kiss me," she said again and leaned forward over the table.

"Sit down, Dani," he said, looking around to see if anyone else had noticed her actions. "What's gotten into you?"

Dani didn't want to say that a tall, gorgeous man with mysterious eyes and bulging muscles had gotten into her. She thought that would be too crass. But she needed to get away from Mark. She didn't understand her feelings but nothing had been normal since she'd picked up the phone on Friday night. "I have to go," she said and picked up her purse.

Mark placed a hand on her hand and pressed down. "Sit down, Dani. Do not embarrass me. Eat your brunch and let's talk about something more palatable."

Dani looked at the hand covering hers and remembered Kalil's slight touch and the fire it had ignited within her. Mark's touch only made her skin crawl. Snatching her hand away, she stood up and slung her purse over her shoulder. "I'm really tired of men telling me what to do. If you'll excuse me," she said and walked out of the restaurant.

Out on the street, she let the tears fall. What had she done? Didn't she love him? Why was she doing this to him?

"Dani!" Mark called after her but she just started walking. "Dani, wait," she heard him say and finally stopped.

He caught up to her and stood in front of her. "If you want me to kiss you, then fine," he said and bent down to kiss her cheek. "There, is that okay?"

Dani wiped the tears from her eyes and shook her head. "No, I need you to really kiss me."

Mark bent down and kissed her lips, his moving only slightly over hers. He lifted his head and smiled down at her. "Is that better?"

The tears started faster and Dani had to shake her head. "I'm sorry Mark," she wiped the tears from her face before continuing. It was worse, so much worse, she thought. She'd felt nothing! Not even a spark. Just the simple touch of his lips and no melting, no nothing. She couldn't go through with a marriage to him now. "I'm so sorry," she said and rushed away from him, ignoring his calls as she raced down the street.

She rushed all the way back to her flat, gratefully closing the door behind her and locking it, as if she could lock out everything she'd done over the past forty eight hours.

Lying face down on her bed, she almost didn't hear the knock over her sobbing but the determined knock finally broke through. She lifted herself off the bed and wiped her face with a tissue. She debated opening the door, assuming it was Mark. But she thought he deserved more than a "sorry" on the street as an explanation for ending their one year relationship.

A messenger was standing at her door, a large envelope in his hands and a small box. "Ms. Danielle Munroe?" he asked.

"Yes," she sniffed.

"If you'll sign here," he said, handing her a clipboard and pen. Dani took the board and signed her name, then handed it back to him. "What's this?" she asked.

"A delivery," he replied and handed her the two items. "Have a good day," he said and tipped his hat before turning to leave.

Dani closed the door and examined the package. It was a simple plain envelope and shaking the box didn't reveal anything to her. Shrugging her shoulders, she opened the box first. The plain brown wrapping paper revealed a long, slim jeweler's box. With shaking fingers, Dani opened the box and gasped.

Nestled in the black velvet interior was the most beautiful diamond bracelet she'd ever seen in her life. She couldn't even imagine the total carrot weight of it but was stunned at the size of the diamonds.

Setting the bracelet down, not liking the assumptions she was making, she picked up the envelope. With shaking fingers, she pulled out the papers. There was no mark on them but they were a legal document giving her several thousand euros. Apparently, all she had to do was sign the document and send them back for a check to be endorsed and sent to her. The only words she really understood were at the bottom where the name Kalil Jamal del Basir were written.

A payoff!

How dare he!

Dani let the papers fall to the floor as if they were poisoned. The bracelet was more of the payoff, she thought. How dare he! Payment for services rendered! Dani was horrified that he thought of her in that light, but what was he supposed to think? She'd slept with a man only hours after having met him.

She picked up the papers and carried them over to the counter, grabbing a pair of scissors. Within moments, the papers were tiny bits of confetti, no longer even recognizable as a contract. She sifted them all into the beautiful wooden box that still held the diamond bracelet, then snapped it all shut and stuffed the box into the large envelope.

Rushing out of her flat, she reached the street just as the messenger was turning off a cell phone and about to reenter his car.

"Excuse me," she called out before he could close his door. "Could you deliver this back to him?" she said and shoved the envelope back into his hands, turning away before he could even utter a protest.

Dani fled back to her flat, bolting the door behind her and stared at the door, holding her breath in anticipation of the messenger trying to knock on the door. When there was only silence, she fell onto the sofa and the shivers set in.

She was doubly horrified by her actions now and wishing she'd never answered her phone. If she'd only spent a few more minutes in the grocery store instead of hurrying home Friday night, she'd never be in this position. She'd still be planning her wedding, still almost be engaged to Mark and she'd still have her innocence and not know what she was missing in life.

Chapter 4

Somehow, Dani got through the next few weeks. She taught her classes and slowly started living again. The kids brought her dandelions and apples, colorful pictures of their house, family or pets. She reminded herself that this is what was really important.

Several times the first week, she had messages from Mark. But she didn't want to have anything to do with him, or any man for that matter. She was done with men! They were either selfish, self-centered men who didn't really want her, or they were arrogant swines who thought they could buy everything on the planet. Neither appealed to her. So she dove into her work, resigning from the restaurant now that she didn't have to save for a wedding she didn't want and cleaned her apartment every day until it shined.

It took a great deal of perseverance but she finally made it through the week. And each time she started thinking about Kalil and the way he made her feel, she pushed those thoughts out of her mind. It was pointless and humiliating. She would not be any man's ....she couldn't even finish the thought, too embarrassed that he thought he could pay her off with a silly trinket and money.

"Dani, I need your help!" Carrie said, coming into Dani's classroom at the end of the day on Friday.

"Whew!" Dani said, closing her locker and leaning against it. "I'm so glad this year is over, aren't you?"

Carrie smiled. "Yes, but I'm going to miss those little guys," she said, a nostalgic smile on her face for a moment.

Dani nodded as well. "I'm with you there." The summer had started and the class had cleared out quickly as all the kids were eager to get to the pool or their homes, to languish for the next nine weeks in relative freedom from homework and grades.

"Well, we'll see most of them next year," Dani said, snapping out of her melancholy.

"Right. Well, anyway, that's not what I wanted to talk to you about," Carrie said, her excitement of moments before returning. "I need your help with something," she said, clasping her hands together.

"Sure, what is it?" Dani said, picking up her bag containing all her personal items.

"I need you to come with me to the doctor's office tomorrow," she said.

Dani turned startled eyes to her friend. "Carrie? Do you think....?"

Carrie nodded. "I think, but I'm too afraid to hope. And I don't want Tim to know. We've had so many false hopes over the past year, I just can't let him think it might be happening again this month. Would you go with me for the pregnancy test?"

"Absolutely," Dani said, more than willing to help her friend out. "How late are you?"

Carrie blushed, "I'm only three days late but....well, I just have this feeling that this is the time," she explained.

Dani forced a smile on her face. "You know I'll be there. What time?"

"I have an appointment tomorrow morning at nine. Can I pick you up?"

"Absolutely. What are you going to tell Tim?"

"I'll just tell him I'm meeting you for breakfast. If the test is positive, I'll rush home to him. If it is negative, we'll go out and eat a plate of pancakes and you can make me feel better, okay?"

"Deal!" Dani agreed quickly. "I'll see you early tomorrow morning," she said.

Carrie hugged her briefly, then rushed out the door. "Thank you," she called out behind her.

Dani had a pang of jealousy but brushed it aside. She genuinely hoped that her friend would have a positive test but it had been over a year since they had started trying. If this month didn't come up positive, they were going to start with the expensive fertility treatments. Carrie and Tim didn't have the money to burn much less get pregnant but she knew they'd do just about anything to have a baby, even if it meant adopting.

Saturday morning dawned bright and sunny with temperatures reaching record highs. Dani smiled encouragingly when Carrie arrived in their small car and waited in the waiting room with her, holding her hand as they ran the test. It took just a few minutes and both women could tell by the look on the nurse's face that the news was good.

"You're pregnant!"

With those words, the floodgates opened up. Carrie started sobbing, deliriously happy and hugging Dani, the nurse and even one of the other patients who was in the waiting room with them.

The two women rushed out of the doctor's office and hugged again on the street. "Oh, I can't wait to tell Tim! Come on, I'll drop you off then rush home."

"Don't worry about me," Dani said, hugging her and wiping the tears off her face. "I'll get home through the tube," she said and pushed her towards her car.

"Oh, Dani are you sure?"

"Absolutely. You should be sharing this news with Tim and not me. Now go!" she said.

Carrie hugged Dani one more time but didn't argue anymore. She just turned on her heel and rushed off to her car, eager to tell her husband the wonderful news.

Dani watched, feeling completely bereft now that her friend was gone. She saw the bench and walked over to it, letting the tears flow completely unhindered. She was happy for her friend but also sad that her dreams of marrying Mark, having her own baby and living in a small cottage, just her own family together were gone.

Being Mark's wife was no longer her fantasy and when the tall, dark and devastating Kalil popped into her head, she stopped it. Those dreams were just a nightmare, she reminded herself.

Her shoulders sagged and she allowed herself to expunge her self-pity for one more moment. Then, taking a deep breath, she squared her shoulders and stood up, walking to the subway station that was only three blocks away.

She had things to do, one of which was to buy a baby shower present for Carrie and Tim. She knew they would be inundated with gifts, but she wanted to be the first. She shopped all day, feeling the small articles of clothing, reading baby books and even walking through the furniture stores, wondering what sorts of crib and changing tables Carrie would choose.

Chapter 5

Dani turned off the sewing machine, clipping the last thread of the blanket she'd made for Carrie. After shopping all day yesterday, she'd finally come to the idea of making a blanket of various soft materials for the new baby. It would be full of textures and colors, sparking the baby's mind and imagination.

The doorbell startled her and she rose from her desk, turned sewing table, holding the baby blanket in her hands as she considered the next piece of fabric she would sew to it.

"Yes?" she said, opening the door with a smile on her face. The smile slowly disappeared as she stared at the man at her door. She pulled the baby blanket closer as if it could somehow ward off whatever insult was being delivered this time.

The uniformed man standing on her stoop bowed slightly, handing her a note.

Dani hesitated before accepting the note, remembering seven days ago when a similarly dressed man bowed immediately towards her. This one was bigger, bulkier and didn't look as nice as the one before. "Good evening, ma'am," he said with a slight accent. He said nothing more, just extended his hand slightly to encourage her to accept the note.

With shaking fingers, Dani took the note and opened the envelope. The words were brief, written in a bold scrawl. It ordered her to follow the messenger so Kalil could discuss an issue with her. No signature, just a large "K" at the bottom.

Kalil.

How dare he! But of course, he dares. Any man who would sleep with a woman, then callously send money and trinkets to ease his conscience would dare anything.

"Tell him no!," she said and was about to close the door. "On second thought, I'll meet with him," she said and grabbed her purse. "He deserves to receive a piece of my mind! Where do I find him?" she asked, trying to maintain a polite tone of voice since this was simply the messenger, but she was hard pressed to do so considering that this person was working for the vile man.

"I am instructed to take you to him," he said.

"No, just give me his address and I'll find it on my own steam," she relied.

"Address?" the man asked carefully. He smiled slightly, softening his harsh features. "I don't think you understand, ma'am. I'm to take you to him," he explained carefully.

"And I don't think you understand," she said. "I'm not ready to go. That arrogant man can simply wait for me," she said and wondered about the horrified look on his face at her words.

"I will wait for you," he said after a pregnant pause.

She looked at the man and shook her head. "Perhaps if you gave me a phone number, I could call him and explain the situation."

"Call him?"

"Yes, on the mobile perhaps?" she suggested diplomatically but she really wanted to scream her head off in frustration.

His mouth actually dropped open. "I will wait as long as you require," he said and leaned against the wall outside her flat.

"You're going to wait here?" she asked, shocked.

"Yes ma'am."

"It may be a while," she replied.

"I have my orders."

"What is your name?"

The man hesitated again. "I am called Adir," he replied.

"Well, Adir, please return to your place of work and I'll be ready in a few hours," she said and without another word, she closed the door and shook her head in exasperation. She refused to have her weekend dictated to by someone else's schedule. She stomped over to the sewing machine and sat back down.

It took her a while, but eventually, she became more absorbed in her task again and was able to push the arrogant Kalil out of her mind again. Three hours later, she pulled the soft blanket out of the machine and surveyed the completed project with satisfaction. It looked wonderful, she thought. There were furry, silky and bumpy textures and it had a double layer so it could be used either as a play blanket or to keep the baby warm.

Stretching her neck, she released the tension that entered her body from bending over her sewing machine for so many hours. Dani didn't discount the tension from the messenger, sure that the visit was contributing to the stress. She was going to see Kalil again. Was that wise? Initially, she had wanted to vent her anger and humiliation at him, but should she see him again? Perhaps it would be better to just close off that day in her life, chalk it up to an extremely bad choice and move on.

When the man came back again, she could simply hand him a note, just as Kalil had done. It would allow a certain amount of turnabout, she thought.

Moving into her bedroom, she showered and changed into a soft, well worn pair of jeans and a tee-shirt. She needed to do her grocery shopping for the week and perhaps she would make a special lunch for Carrie to celebrate her good news. She wanted to hear how Tim took the news. Picking up her purse, she pulled it over her shoulder and grabbed her keys, grabbing the blanket as well in the hopes of maybe getting some buttons to add to the blanket at the sewing store. It was only a few blocks from the grocery store and it might still be open at this time of the evening.

But as soon as she opened the door, she found herself face to face with Adir. "Oh! Goodness, have you been here all afternoon?" she asked, looking down at her watch. "It's been five hours!"

"I'm here to escort you, ma'am. My orders were to wait until you were ready," he said. Adir pulled a cell phone out of his pocket and started walking down the stairs. He said something in a foreign language that she assumed was Arabic and then led the way down the steps.

"But...Adir, I've decided that I'm not going to see him. There's no need," she explained. They reached the street and she turned to face him. "Here," she said and handed him the letter she'd printed out. "This is all that needs to be said."

She started walking down the street only to be stopped by Adir presenting his large form in front of her. "Please, my orders are to bring you." He placed a hand on the small of her back and guided her towards a waiting car. With a simple movement, he placed her in the back seat and then proceeded to the front.

Within moments, they were driving away towards some destination she was unaware of. "Where are we going?" she asked.

No one answered and she sat back in the luxurious seat, fuming.

Twenty minutes later, she recognized the signs to Heathrow Airport and shook her head. The man was meeting her on his way to a business meeting? How horrible!

But the car didn't stop at any of the main gates. It drove down a side street and then right onto the tarmac. A jumbo jet was waiting with stairs leading to it from the pavement. Adir got out of the car and opened the door for her, indicating that she should precede him to the plane.

"I'm meeting him in there?" she asked, intimidated despite her determination not to be.

"He is waiting for you," he said, waving in the general direction of the plane.

Dani climbed the stairs, aware of Adir directly behind her, acting protectively for some reason she couldn't understand. There were many people on the plane, all busily engaged in some activity or another. Some were working on computers, others were taking in various languages on the phones. As soon as she boarded, the area quieted. Phones were put down, hands hovered over keyboards and several pairs of eyes watched her progress through the room.

Dani was led to the back of the plane and up a wide staircase to what looked more like a luxurious living room than any plane she'd been on. It was more luxurious than anything she could have even imagined.

She looked around and her eyes finally settled on the point of her anger and humiliation. "You!"

He acknowledged her with a slight bow of his head. "Good afternoon, Danielle. You've kept me waiting for a long time."

"I didn't know you were on a schedule."

She could see the smile that he tried to smother and it only made her angrier. "And if you did know it, would that have influenced you to arrive earlier?"

"No," she said, squaring her shoulders and wishing she wasn't so intimidated by this man. And she also wished her stomach didn't have butterflies flitting through it just at the first sight of the man. His shoulders seemed broader in the white collared shirt versus the suit she'd seen him in, and out of, the last time. Her face turned red at the memory of just how "out" of his suit he'd been.

"I can see that you have a great deal of respect for me and my title."

Dani braved her way through the interview. "I'm not sure about your title but I can assure you that I don't have a lot of respect for you," she said, warming to her topic. "In fact, the only reason I'm here right now is to tell you how angry I am at you trying to pay me off, as if I were some sort of..." she couldn't even say the words. "Well, you know."

He shot out of his chair and walked over to her, towering over her smaller frame. "Don't ever say something like that again," he replied angrily. "It was never a payment for services rendered."

"Then what was it?" she challenged? "If it smells like a rose..." she started, leaving the ending to Shakespeare's famous words hanging.

She saw the muscle flex in his jaw but refused to back down. "What you did was horrible. And I'll never forgive you," she said. "I lost...." She hesitated again, still ashamed of what she'd done with him but determined to let him know how she felt. "Well, I lost something...important to me that night. Something I'll never get back but one thing I'll never give away is my self-respect."

She turned on her heel and started walking away. But his next words stopped her. "I'm sorry," he said and she could hear the sincerity in his voice. She felt his heat through her clothes as he came closer and her whole body tensed in anticipation of his touch. Swinging around, she thought to stop him but he was already too close. Her hands reached out to steady herself and ended up on his chest, her fingers feeling the strong muscles flexing under her fingers and her breath caught in her throat.

"I'm sorry," he said again and his voice was husky, his hands gently touching her waist as he looked down into her face. "I can honestly say that I've never lost control with any woman before until I met you."

She couldn't hold his gaze. "Is that supposed to make me feel better?" she asked, hating the way her voice was breathless and the way her mind was wishing he'd just kiss her and make her forget everything, just as he had a week ago.

"Yes." His hand caressed her cheek, gently touching her collar bone. "You're more beautiful than I remembered," he said.

Dani swayed closer to him. "Don't say things like that," she said and looked at the buttons in his shirt.

"Why not?"

"Because..." Dani hated the fact that she couldn't seem to hold a thought around him. What was wrong with her? She was here to tell him off, then leave. Why was she just standing here in his arms, letting him caress her, wishing he'd do so much more? It wasn't fair.

"Anyway, I have to go," she said and tried to step backwards out of his arms.

"Go?"

"Yes. Thank you for letting me talk to you one last time. Please don't send any more messengers to my flat," she said and took a deep breath before priming to step out of his arms.

"I'm afraid you don't understand," he said, his voice hard and unyielding. "You need to come with me now. In fact, the engines have started and I believe we are now taxing down the runway. It would be best if you sat down and got your seatbelt on," he explained and guided her towards one of the comfortable looking leather chairs.

It took a long moment before his words sunk in but her horror was close behind her comprehension. "What do you mean? The plane can't be taking off. I'm still on board," she said and started to move towards the doors that she'd entered several minutes ago.

Kalil took her hand and shook his head. "In your condition, I think it would be best if you relaxed and took a seat," he said.

"In my condition?" Dani replied, not sure she understood that one but was too focused on the fact that the engines were indeed revving up. "I have to get off this plane."

"That is not possible," he countered.

She turned to look at him, her blue eyes wide with fear and frustration. "Well, make it possible," she yelled back at him.

He simply bent down and kissed her, tenderly at first, but when her lips trembled under his, he employed more pressure.

Dani didn't know what was happening to her, all she knew was that Kalil was kissing her. And it was just like the last time. At his first touch, every thought flew out of her mind and she was transported to a world where everything centered around Kalil and the feelings he could stir within her.

The next thing she knew, she was buckled into the seat and Kalil was sitting next to her, casually talking on the phone as if he kissed like that every day.

She looked out the window and her jaw dropped open to find that they were already airborne. "What have you done?"

He ignored her for a moment and concluded his brief conversation. When he was done, he calmly turned to her, looking at her through hooded eyes. "I did what was expedient."

"Expedient?"

"Exactly. There was no way I was going to let you leave this plane so I just took measures to ensure your safety."

Her angry eyes could barely look at him. "Has the word kidnapping come to mind?"

Kalil surveyed her angry face for a long time before he answered. "You don't really know who I am, do you?"

Dani's hands were fisted in her lap she was so furious. "I don't care if you're a bloody prince, you can't do this to me!"

She saw the smile tilt his lips and her mouth went dry. "Oh, no!"

"Oh, yes," he countered.

"You're a prince?"

"Exactly. Prince Kalil Estabi del Misiri, at your service."

"Prince Masiri?" she said in a small voice, praying he would tell her he was teasing her.

"I guess that name is familiar to you."

"But that would mean you're the crown prince of Basir," she said, her throat constricting slightly over the words. Basir was one of the richest countries in the world because of its oil and industries. And if this man was the Crown Prince, that meant he was basically ruling the country now since his father was ill and unable to rule. That also meant he was so completely out of her league her mind started spinning at the possibility.

Before, when she'd only thought of him as some sort of business tycoon or financier, he'd been out of her sphere. But the Crown Prince? Royalty? Good grief!

"You know your world events," he said.

"You can't be."

"Why not?"

"Because last week...we...I didn't....not with a prince," she said haltingly.

His smile turned cynical. "Ah, but you did."

She shook her head, denying the truth of what he was saying. "That's simply not possible."

"Not only is it possible, it is an absolute. Which means that baby you are carrying is the next in line to rule."

She blinked at his words, not really understanding their meaning for a long moment. "Baby? I'm not carrying a baby," she squeaked.

His mouth turned hard. "Don't lie to me, Danielle. You were seen walking out of an obstetrician's office. Initially you were excited, then overwhelmed if the pictures are to be believed."

She really didn't like the sound of that. "Pictures? You had me followed?"

"Absolutely," he answered. "We had unprotected sex." He had to grit out the words as he said them. "And the consequences are your current condition."

"But, Kalil," she started, her hand covering her stomach, "I was at the obstetrician's office for my friend Carrie. She's the one having the baby."

"Is that also why you are making a baby's blanket?" he countered, one eyebrow raised cynically.

Dani glanced down at her lap where the blanket was now resting, no longer folded but crumpled in a heap. "Yes," she said, folding the blanket, needing to hide her shaking hands. "Actually, I made it for her."

He didn't answer her for a long time. "Are you sure you're not pregnant? And would you tell me if you were?"

Dani stared at his handsome face that was set in grim, determined lines. "A baby? Would I tell you if I were pregnant with your baby?"

"Exactly. And are you sure you're not pregnant? Would you confirm that with a pregnancy test?"

"Are you calling me a liar?"

"I'm saying we had unprotected sex seven days ago. I have word that you were at an obstetrician's office and you're now holding a baby's blanket, in addition to pictures of you shopping for baby furniture. All evidence would point to a different conclusion than you are allowing. Although most women would be spouting the opposite so I'll concede that I'm a little confused."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, that several women have tried to convince me that they were pregnant when they were not. I believe you might be different and convince me that you are not pregnant, when you are."

Dani sat back and crossed her arms over her chest. "Aren't you the most insulting man I've ever met!" she exclaimed. "And arrogant, not to mention conceited."

"Now that you've vented, please answer my question."

"No, I'm not pregnant. And no, I won't be subjected to a pregnancy test. And yes, I do consider you painfully insulting."

"How do you know you're not pregnant?"

"I know!"

"How?"

Dani hesitated because she didn't actually know. It was still too early to know if she was or not since her period wasn't due until next week. She hadn't even considered the possibility, too wrapped up in her anger to think beyond getting through her classes and fighting the humiliating memories of those messengers.

"I see you've finally come to the realization that it is a possibility," he said curtly. "We will be arriving in Basir in a few hours. At that time, we will endeavor to find an answer to our question."

"I will not be subjected to a pregnancy test. Haven't you put me through enough humiliation already?"

"Then we will be married immediately," he said calmly and stood up to answer the phone.

"Married?" Danni said, horrified of that possibility. "Why on earth would we get married?"

"If you won't consider the possibility, then we must be married. I don't want my children to think they were conceived out of wedlock. No marks can be made against my children and the future heir of Basir."

"I can't marry you!"

"Why not?"

"Because, you're royalty. And I'm," she hesitated, trying to define who she was. "I'm a teacher."

"I admit that my people would never accept you as the queen but only because of your nationality and not because of your profession. The marriage would only be for a short time. We will divorce once the child is born which will be long enough to legitimize his right to the throne. You may stay on at the palace or return to London, whichever is your wish," he explained matter of factly.

"Leave my child? Are you crazy?"

Again, the small tilt to his lips indicated a possible smile but it never came out in full force. "I don't believe that adjective has been applied to me lately but you are working through many epithets, I'm sure you'll send that one my way again very soon."

"You are crazy!" she exclaimed.

"You may also stay on at the palace or a residence nearby. That is your choice."

She stared at his handsome face, trying to grasp everything he had just told her. It was like her life had turned into some sort of macabre play and she was in the audience shaking her head, unbelieving of the unrealistic plot. "Let me get this straight. We make love one night, you insult me by sending me money as if I were some sort of hired help to be paid off, now you think I'm pregnant so you kidnap me and threaten to take this theoretical child away from me." She glared at him as he sat calmly in front of him, not showing any emotion to her summarization. "Does that cover everything?"

"You've put an interesting spin on the situation," he said and stood up, walking over to a small refrigerator and pulled out a bottle. While pouring two drinks, he looked at her briefly. "How about if I try?"

She didn't respond but crossed her arms over her chest, continuing to glare at him. "We met and made love, both of us involved and neither one remembering about contraceptives, I had a nice evening and wanted to show you how much so I sent you a gift. Now I realize that there might have been consequences and I'm preparing to keep you in the height of luxury with every conceivable comfort for the rest of your days while our...what was the term you used?" he hesitated before continuing and handed her a drink of ice cold juice, "Ah yes, 'theoretical' child, becomes one of the wealthiest, best educated and most powerful man in the world. Oh, and don't forget that I've offered you my name and protection as well as many more nights like the one we shared last week where we lose ourselves in each other, finding more and more ways to pleasure the other, understanding that our bodies have a need for the other that is inescapable," he said, more softly and closer to her ear.

He sat back and noticed her breathing had become rapid, her breasts were swollen just at the thought of the nights with him and her nipples hardened even as he glanced down and noticed. She covered her breasts, wishing he didn't have this affect on her but his soft, deep chuckle only told her that he wasn't fooled.

"What if the baby is a girl?"

Kalil smiled at this point, liking her spunk and daring. "If it is a girl, she will be revered in our culture as no other woman could be," he said. "She will also be educated in the best schools and loved."

"But not the most powerful?"

"Women are gaining a powerful place in society. I would expect my daughters to help other women fight for more equality."

"That's an interesting statement coming from a man who just kidnapped a woman."

Kalil shook his head. "I am only protecting you. There are parties who would harm you in order to gain succession to the throne."

Dani hadn't thought of that. "Perhaps we should have discussed this prior to Saturday night," she said, becoming intimidated again.

"Perhaps there were many things that we should have discussed. But that didn't happen. Now we deal with the current situation."

"I think I'll take my chances on my own," she said, lifting her head. "No one has to know that the baby is yours. And I promise never to tell anyone. You have my word on that."

"Only a few moments ago, you were horrified when I suggested you leave your baby in the palace under my care and return to England. Now you make the statement that I forget my child. Interesting. And irrelevant," he stated firmly when she started to speak. "Regardless of these issues, you are carrying a child of royal blood. My blood. It will be raised to rule Basir," he said. The phone rang at that moment and he lifted it, listening for a long moment before putting it down. "I'm afraid I must deal with several issues my advisors have brought up. If you will excuse me, I'll be back shortly. There is a bed through those doors if you become tired and I'll be back for dinner."

Without another word, he moved down the stairs and disappeared, leaving Dani sitting in the luxurious setting looking bewildered. She covered her stomach, wondering if it was possible that she really was pregnant. But then she remembered Carrie's attempts and knew that it was a pretty remote possibility. It was her first time having sex. She knew it happened but it was improbable in her case.

Chapter 6

Dani walked off the plane behind Kalil, shading her eyes from the intense sun beating down on them. She was led to a limousine surrounded by a police escort. Kalil escorted Dani to the middle limousine but discussed something in Arabic with another passenger, leaving her completely out of the conversation.

At the palace, Kalil escorted her inside but that was the extent of her communication with him.

"This is Alea. She will be your personal assistant," he said and then walked off in the opposite direction.

Dani watched him until he was out of sight. Then she turned to find her "assistant" standing in front of her, waiting patiently. "May I show you to your rooms?" she asked.

Dani was shown to a suite of rooms. There was a living room that was about ten times the size of her tiny apartment, and a bathroom at least twice the size. The sunken bath itself was larger than her bed and it was already filled with warm, soapy water. It looked fabulously inviting but she resisted. She didn't tell Alea anything but thanked her politely and waited for her to leave.

Searching through her purse, Dani was horrified to find that she only had a few euros in her wallet. She still had her credit cards but she wasn't sure if they would be widely accepted. She just needed to get to the embassy and she would be okay, she told herself. There, they could help her get on a plane and she could get back to her own life. Once she was able to confirm to Kalil that she wasn't pregnant, she was sure he would be grateful that she didn't stick around for long.

Slipping out of the room, she looked down the long corridor, wondering if anyone would stop her. If she appeared casual, she suspected that everyone would assume she was where she was supposed to be.

Tucking the blanket under one arm and feeling silly for still having it with her, she moved forward with purpose, retracing her steps as best she could. Whenever she reached a place that didn't seem familiar, she simply turned around and backtracked until she was in familiar territory again. But after forty five minutes of walking, she realized that many of the corridors looked familiar simply because she'd already been lost in them before.

It was only by some miracle that she ended up in the entry hall that she'd initially been abandoned by Kalil a long time ago.

Dani tentatively opened the front door only to find several guards standing in front of it. They all glanced up at her, inquiringly but none said a word. So Dani braved through and just started walking. There was sunlight which meant she was outside. That was progress, wasn't it?

It wasn't until she reached a cement wall that she realized why no one had stopped her. She was in a small courtyard with no way out. Walking back into the palace was embarrassing, but the guards politely opened the door for her, allowing her re-entry. And there stood Kalil, his arms crossed over his chest waiting for her.

"Looking for something?" he asked arrogantly, one eyebrow raised enquiringly.

Dani just leaned against the heavy doors, fighting back tears of frustration. "Yes!"

Kalil relented, walking towards her and looking gently down into her eyes. "I'm sorry the suite of rooms was not to your liking. We will find something else," he said and put a hand at the small of her back. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

Dani hated to admit it, but she was famished. Shaking her head, she didn't want to accept anything from him. "No, thank you. But if you are hungry, please don't let me keep you from your dinner," she said, not bothering to look at him.

"But I insist that you join me," he said, and a few more feet they were back at her rooms. Alea was standing in the center of the room, nervously wringing her hands. She was even more terrified when Kalil walked in. Immediately bowing low, she spoke softly in Arabic and it sounded suspiciously like an apology.

Kalil spoke back and dismissed the woman who quickly left the room. He hadn't spoken harshly, but Dani imagined that even softly spoken words from Kalil could be lethal in some cases.

"What did you say to her?" she asked, sitting down in one of the silk covered chairs.

"I told her to leave," he explained and walked over to her, took her hand and led her to the courtyard that was now cooling off with the setting sun. There was a lovely table filled with white roses, candle light and silver covered plates. "Are you sure you aren't hungry?" he asked, dropping her hand and picking up one of the covers. An amazing aroma wafted to her and Dani couldn't stop her stomach from letting him know that she was indeed hungry.

"No, thank you," she said, ignoring the food in favor of stepping back into the shadows. "Please enjoy your meal."

"I would enjoy it more if you would eat it with me."

"That's generous, but no thank you," she repeated. She turned to leave but his voice stopped her.

"You can't leave the palace, Danielle," he said, voicing her worst fears.

"Why?"

"Because you are under my protection. No one will allow you to leave."

"Because of today?"

"No, if you had been in danger of coming close to an exit, someone would have stopped you immediately," he said, sitting down in one of the chairs by the table. "Luckily, you were not in danger," he said simply. "Please sit down. If this food doesn't tempt you, then I'll have the chef prepare something else. You just have to name it and it will be done."

"I don't want anything from you," she said emphatically. "I want to go home now."

"This will be your new home for however long you want. After the baby is born, a respectable amount of time will have to pass before we can divorce but you don't need to live here during that period unless you choose to."

"That's impossible!"

Kalil stood up and sighed deeply. Taking her hands in his, he led her back over to the table. With one fork, he lifted it to her mouth. When she wouldn't open for him, he rubbed his thumb sensuously along her lips which parted automatically, with the persuasion. He fed her a bite of a delicious cheese, the flavor bursting in her mouth as he said, "Danielle, just try and relax. I am sure you can enjoy your time here," he said, then picked up another bite. Dani couldn't take it anymore. The flavors were so wonderful and she really was hungry. Closing her eyes, she savored the tastes, loving the way the food slid down her throat and warmed her inside.

He fed her more food, interspersed with feeding himself.

"I still don't like you," she said between mouthfuls, but she sat down in one of the chairs and filled her plate. "You're manipulative and man."

Kalil chuckled as he sat down opposite from her. "Tell me about your work. Why do you like being a teacher?" he asked.

Dani didn't want to eat in silence, so she relented and spoke of her children, the classes and what parts of the work she liked, loved or hated. He was a good listener, she thought as the delicious food filled her aching stomach. She relaxed and sipped ice water, laughing as he told her stories of his education. He was very charming, she thought as the plates were cleared away and a sweet, warm dessert was brought in by mysterious servants. How they knew the meal was over, she had no idea but she was also too tired to worry about it.

"You must sleep," he said about an hour later, their laughter at one of his stories dying down and an awkward silence following.

He stood up and took her hand, pulling her to her feet. "Thank you for sharing your meal with me," he said softly, looking into her eyes as if he were searching for some answers.

Dani didn't know what the question was, but she didn't like feeling this small and vulnerable. He was too tall and too muscular and she wanted to run away and hide somewhere. Somewhere that her body could hide the betraying feelings she was experiencing. She didn't want him to fold her into his strong arms and carry her over to the bed. She didn't want him to kiss her and make her forget all the worries that were ricocheting around in her brain. She wanted to be oblivious and just his soft touch around her fingers was sending sparks up her arm, indicating that the intensity of their passion was still there, bubbling under the surface.

Stepping back, she smile self-consciously. "Thank you for dinner. It was truly delicious."

"You're very welcome." He lifted her hand and kissed her wrist, his eyes watching the expression on her face as she gasped with the explosion that shot up her arm, her eyes looking up at his, terrified now that he would do more, but also praying that he would continue.

"Good night," he said softly.

Dani watched him leave, her body vibrating with sexual tension from his soft kiss and the promise of what could be if she'd just let it.

She was glad he'd left, she told herself as she brushed her teeth and got ready for bed. She was not in the market for a husband right now, and especially one that had the power to kidnap her with impunity. No, Kalil was not in her league and she was not going to fall under his spell.

Chapter 7

"Good morning!" Alea greeted, waking Dani up out of her comfortable dream where she was making love to Kalil and he was professing his intense love for her. She rolled over and opened her eyes, allowing the bright sunshine to disperse the remains of her unrealistic fantasy.

"It is morning. I'm just not sure if it is good or not," Dani said, wondering how Alea could be so bright and cheerful. "What time is it?" she asked.

"It is nine o'clock in the morning. His highness has requested that you breakfast with him as soon as you are awake," she said, walking back from a closet and handing Dani a robe.

"Where did that come from?" Dani asked, eyeing the crystal blue satin with a malicious glare.

"It is yours!" she exclaimed, holding out the robe for Dani to wear. "Many clothes arrived early this morning. I have already placed them in your closet," she said, smiling brightly.

"My clothes?" Dani replied, shocked. "But I didn't bring any clothes."

"These are all new clothes, arriving from all over the world,' she exclaimed. "It was all arranged yesterday."

"Is that so?" Dani was too grumpy to worry about clothes. They were so minor in comparison to the rest of the issues that were piling up. There was also the issue that her period was due any day now. Worrying about it would only delay the onset so she had to relax. She considered just getting a pregnancy test but each time she'd thought about it at night, she rejected it. She was not going to be dictated to by that overbearing man.

"You have an appointment with a dressmaker this morning right after breakfast with His Highness, and then Arabic lessons this afternoon."

"Arabic lessons? Dress maker? What are you talking about?" Dani demanded. She was trying to be polite since Alea was only the messenger but things were rolling out of control.

"Yes! Isn't that wonderful?"

"That's one word to describe it."

Alea's smile faltered slightly but she perked right back up. "I'll go run your bath," she said and disappeared into the marble bathroom.

Dani sat back down on the edge of the bed, trying to assimilate everything that was happening. She was basically a captive in this gilded cage. There must be some way she could get out. She just needed to think hard enough.

Pushing her hair off her face, she looked around. The room really was lovely and the courtyard was filled with beautiful flowers and a trickling fountain that soothed the soul. It would be wonderful to give in and just savor the time here. But a part of her knew that the surroundings were never the problem. It was being around Kalil and the wonderful things he could make her feel with very little effort on his part.

He probably had a harem somewhere. And if not a harem, then mistresses all over the world and women throwing themselves at him. He was too gorgeous for anything less. How was she supposed to compete with all those other women? Staying here would only mean heartache and Dani had never considered herself a masochist.

She just needed to be more creative in her escape methods, she thought. Perhaps if she started to learn more about the palace, she would learn more about its escape routes. And who would know better than Alea what was going on within the palace walls, and out of them?

Dani followed Alea into the bathroom, feeling self-conscience of becoming naked around the other woman. She was throwing scented powder into the large tub. When Alea saw Dani, she smiled brightly again and bowed. "Just call me when you are finished. I'll get your clothes ready," she said and disappeared into the other room.

Dani was grateful for the privacy and she sunk into the wonderfully warm water, lowering herself to her neck. The water felt perfect and she allowed herself to float carefree for a long time, just reveling in the luxury of the scents and silky feel of the water. After fifteen minutes, she stepped out and showered, rinsing off all the bubbles and shampooing her hair.

Alea had chosen a lavender pantsuit that brought out the color of her eyes and the soft brown of her hair. Alea even twisted Dani's hair into a complicated knot that made Dani feel incredibly sophisticated. With just a touch of makeup, Dani felt confident enough to face even the Prince of Basir.

She walked into the long office area of the palace where Alea had said Kalil was working and they would have breakfast. She felt odd stepping into what was really just a male domain with heavy furniture and dark colors. But as soon as she stepped in, Kalil stopped the conference he was having with several other men and walked over to where she was standing.

"You look lovely," he said, taking her hands in his.

For a moment, Dani thought he was going to bend down and kiss her and her whole body was yearning for just that. Then, as soon as the last man closed the door, he did just that. But it wasn't the short, simple kiss she'd been expecting. It was a long, sensuous kiss that emptied her mind of everything but his lips and his breath caressing her cheek.

"You slept well?" he whispered in her ear.

Dani could only nod her head, closing her eyes and wishing her dream was reality.

She cleared her throat, opened her eyes and stepped backwards out of his arms. The extra space helped her recover her senses and she was able to answer coherently. "Yes. Thank you very much. I understand you've asked me to join you for breakfast."

Kalil smiled in amusement. "That was about two hours ago. I'm starving," he said and pressed a button on his desk. Immediately, a servant pushed in a tray covered with white linen and breakfast foods, then just as quickly left them alone.

He led her over to the chairs placed near a large, Palladian window, then sat down across from her. "Have you thought anymore about our situation?" he asked, pouring coffee for the two of them.

"Yes. I've thought about it, then get angry again so I stop thinking about it," she said as calmly as possible. If he could feign indifference, so could she.

"And?"

"And I'm still convinced that you are wrong in this situation."

Kalil laughed softly. "You're very refreshing, Danielle."

She eyed him over the rim of her china coffee cup. "I'm guessing not many people tell you you're wrong, right?"

He shook his head. "No one has told me I'm wrong."

"Then it is high time someone brought you down a peg or two."

"And you think you're the person to do that?"

"Absolutely. When is my flight home?"

He popped a strawberry in his mouth and chewed, watching her the whole time. "You need to learn to be more round about when you approach something. It is an art, conversation. Why not start with the pleasantries and work your way towards your issues. Subtlety is also a virtue."

"That's a wonderful lesson in culture but you forget, I'm not from your culture. And I don't want to be. I want to go home to my own culture. If you don't like me, then send me home as I've asked."

"Who says I don't like you?" he replied, looking at her lips, then dropping his gaze down to her breasts covered in the soft, silk sweater. "I can assure you, Danielle, there are many things about you I like. I believe that's the whole reason for our....situation."

"Stop doing that!" she said, struggling to keep herself from covering her breasts.

"What?" he asked, looking at her innocently. "Stop remembering how wonderful it was to be with you? To kiss every inch of your body and hear your sighs of longing? To feel you move beneath me or to feel the softness of your body close around mine?"

"Stop it!" she demanded, her hands clenched in fists on her lap.

"Why? I want that again."

"No! We can't do that. We can never do that again. I don't want this world and you don't really want me. You just want any woman who is available. I was just too naive to understand what you really wanted but in reality, any woman will do, won't she? You don't just want me, just a willing body."

"You're wrong, Danielle but I can tell that I won't be able to convince you of that right now. Why don't we change the subject? We'll return to our mutual desire for each other later. Right now, you were telling me how much you like your rooms and are eager to start learning my language, correct?"

"You are impossible," she said and stood up. She was about to turn around but she swayed, her mind losing balance and becoming dizzy.

"Danielle! What is wrong?" he demanded, standing up and wrapping his arms around her waist.

"Nothing," she said, putting her hand against her forehead. "I'm just hungry, that's all," she explained. "I'll go find something to eat," she said and tried to slip out of his embrace.

"You'll do no such thing. Sit down now and eat something here where I can be assured that you're actually eating."

Dani would have argued, but she wasn't sure her legs could carry her out of the room so she sank down gratefully onto the comfortable leather chair she'd just jumped up out of.

Her mind was finally clearing when Kalil placed a plate piled high with fruit and several pastries. She looked up just in time to hear him press the button on his desk again. When the servant entered instantly, Kalil gave him and order to which he bowed quickly and departed.

"Something more substantial will be brought to you immediately. Please eat the fruit while it is being prepared."

Dani didn't argue this time. She really was hungry. Last night's dinner was delicious but it was almost noon and she hadn't eaten anything yet. The fruit was incredibly sweet and the pastries were light and buttery. The whole time she ate, Kalil asked her questions about her past, her education, her fiance which Dani finally explained was her ex-fiance now.

A plate of delicious smelling eggs arrived and Dani tried to eat some of them but after the fruit and pastries, she really was full. "Thank you, Kalil. I appreciate the breakfast but I've taken up enough of your time. Can we please discuss what I'm doing here?"

"I think we've already covered that," he said gently but his eyes showed no possibility of relenting.

"I'm not willing to accept your dictate on the issue."

"I understand. I wonder who is going to win in this situation?"

Dani didn't like the confidence in his voice. "This is ridiculous."

"I agree, and I would love to continue this conversation but unfortunately, I am expected in another meeting. Perhaps we could talk over dinner tonight?" he asked, pulling her to her feet and holding both her hands in his.

"I'll check my calendar to see if I have any free time," she said, trying to pull her hands out of his.

Kalil laughed. "You do that." He bent over and kissed her cheek gently. "And we'll discuss the other topic as well, if you can spare the time," he said.

He left a moment later and Dani was standing alone in his office, staring at the now closed door and wondering what she was supposed to do with her time until evening.

Alea! Dani remembered her plan to ask her new assistant about the palace and figure out how to get out of her predicament.

Dani left Kalil's office by a different route than he'd taken and found her way back to the suite of rooms she'd been given. Thankfully, Alea was there, putting away several new outfits.

"Where did those come from?" Dani asked warily as Alea snipped the tags off of them and hung them up into a cavernous closet.

Alea's bright and sunny personality didn't disappoint. "They arrived for you this morning," she said and turned to face Dani. "Is there anything I can do for you?"

Dani nodded her head. No time like the present, she thought. "Yes. I was wondering if you could give me a tour of the palace. I almost got lost on my way back here and would like a better tour so I know where I'm going."

"My pleasure," she said and led the way down one of the long hallways. Alea was wonderfully knowledgeable about the architecture of the palace as well as what all the rooms were for and who worked where. She knew just about everyone in the palace and, at Dani's insistence, introduced Dani to them. Alea whispered that it didn't seem appropriate for Dani to be introduced in that fashion but Dani just shook her head. "I don't really abide by a hierarchy, if you must know. If Kalil doesn't like it, he can send me back to England."

"Kalil?"

Dani waived her hand, "I think you refer to him as 'Your Highness' or some other odd thing."

"Ah," she replied, looking embarrassed.

"Never mind," Dani said, knowing she had stepped over some invisible line within the palace. "What's next?" she prompted.

They spent the rest of the morning going through the hallways, touring the gardens and Dani genuinely enjoyed learning more about what happens at the palace and how it had been built over several centuries and many different rulers. Dani also asked Alea to teach her small phrases in Arabic. By the end of the hour, Dani knew how to ask for the bathroom, say hello, goodbye and other small phrases that would be completely useless to her. But she also asked Alea to come back later in the afternoon to do a formal Arabic lesson.

"I would be more than happy to teach you but I will also notify His Highness that you need a formal tutor," she said.

"No!" Dani cried out. Alea almost jumped at Dani's exclamation. "Sorry," Dani said, shaking her head in Alea's direction. "Please don't tell Kalil that I'm learning. I really don't want him to know yet."

"But why?" she asked, her eyes showing her confusion. "It would only please him to know that you are learning. I think he would be very happy."

"I understand that the rest of the palace revolves around Kalil's happiness but I don't want to be one of those people," Dani said. "You mentioned some stables? If you'll tell me which way to go, I'll find my way, if that is okay to do."

"Of course," Alea said. "But I would be more than happy to show you the way."

"No, thank you. I'd just like to wander down and see be alone for a little while," Dani explained.

Alea nodded and gave Dani directions. "But if you wait, I'll bring you a hat," she said. You're skin is probably not used to the sun," she said and rushed off before Dani could respond.

She returned only moments later with a large, brimmed hat. Dani obediently put it on her head, knowing that her pale skin would burn easily in the summer sun. "Thank you Alea. I'm glad you thought of that," she said and turned in the direction Alea had mentioned.

On her walk down to the stables, she looked around, noting the various courtyards and palace traffic. Everyone seemed extremely busy, with a purpose and skip to their step. Dani was the only one that was strolling aimlessly along. What would she be doing at home? Lesson plans. Lunches with friends, cleaning up her classroom. There wasn't anything urgent over the summer, she knew. That didn't mean she wanted to stay down here though.

As she walked through the covered sidewalks towards the stables, Dani held the hat by her side and practiced the Arabic phrases she'd learned, concentrating on her pronunciation. If she'd been looking up instead of down at the ground, she would have seen the large frame that came bolting out of the side doors, right into her.

"Excuse me!" Dani said and was held steady in strong arms. She instantly shivered and knew who the arms belonged to before she even looked up into Kalil's dark features.

"I'm sorry," he said, still holding her arms and looking down into her angry eyes. "Where are you headed?"

"To the stables. Is that allowed?"

"Are you going to ride a horse?" he asked, his eyes instantly showing his concern.

Dani laughed softly. "No. I don't know how to ride a horse. But I thought it would be nice to just see them. I was told you have prize thoroughbreds and Arabians in your stables. I wanted to peek at what that kind of a horse looks like."

"Ah! Well you're in luck," he said, his eyes concentrating on her lips. "I'm on my way down to the stables as well. One of my mares is about to give birth and I was going to check on her. May I accompany you?"

Dani frowned. "Is the mare okay?"

"I think so," he said to allay her fears. "But come with me," he said and put a hand on the small of her back to guide her along. "We'll see together."

"Thank you," Dani said and fell into step beside her. "I'm surprised you have the time to check on a horse," she said as way of conversation.

"Why wouldn't I?"

"Aren't you ruling a country or something like that?"

"Something like that. But I take time out occasionally from my duties."

"That seems odd for some reason," she said, smiling despite herself. "I guess I always thought of people in your kind of position always ruling, never really taking a break."

"Of course we take a break. We'd go insane if we didn't. Everyone has to have distractions," he said.

They'd reached the stables by then and he opened the heavy door to the Spanish looking building. It wasn't like the stables back home she'd seen when driving through the country with stones or wood and hay strewn about. This stable was better maintained than some apartment complexes. The horses were all housed in immaculate stalls with brass name plates and there were trainers or other workers busily moving about the area. Most horses were either being groomed or were out in a large field, friskily running around the perimeters.

Kalil walked up to one stall with several people around it. He stepped in and Dani saw a proud beauty with soft, brown eyes that was laying on her side, breathing heavily. Everyone spoke in Arabic and Dani didn't understand a word but after Kalil spoke with what she assumed was the head trainer or perhaps the veterinarian, he waved her into the stall. "Would you like to pet her?" he asked, bending down to stroke the mare's nose and neck, speaking soothing words to her.

"No, thank you," Dani said and stepped back again, genuinely nervous around an animal that large and in such pain. "Why is she breathing so heavily? Is that normal?"

Kalil smiled. "It is when a horse is about to give birth," he said and gave the horse one last pat before standing up and joining her. "It will be a few more hours," he said.

"Hours?" Dani whispered in fear for the horse that was throwing her head back in obvious pain. "Can't you do something to help her? Drugs or something?"

"A horse can't talk like a woman. So we can't give her drugs. Otherwise, she wouldn't be able to push the foal out."

Dani stepped back, grabbing Kalil's hands inadvertently. "You have to help her!" she demanded.

Kalil chuckled and guided her out of the stall. "Why are you afraid of horses?"

Dani grimaced and looked up at him. "Possibly because they are extremely large animals with equally large teeth and hard hooves."

"But horses are very kind animals if you treat them well."

"I'll trust you on that claim."

"Nonsense, come over here and see for yourself," he said, and led her to another stall.

Dani went, but not very willingly. "I was kind of hoping that I could see these wonderful creatures from a distance. Isn't that possible?"

"Yes but not nearly as satisfying," he countered. Once he reached another large stall, he opened the top half of the gate and whistled. Immediately a horse trotted over to Kalil's open hand, nuzzling him affectionately. He spoke to her softly in Arabic, petting his neck and flanks. "Come, see Solomon for yourself."

Dani shook his head. "I'll trust you," she replied, but her eyes watched his hands, noting the long fingers and the gentle touch, how the horse moved into Kalil's hands and asked for more. Dani knew it was crazy, but she was actually jealous of the horse. She wanted Kalil's hands on her, touching her neck, stroking her, making her feel wonderful.

This was absolutely insane, she told herself for the second time today. Over breakfast, he had used words to reduce her to a quivering mass of desire. Now, he wasn't even trying and she wanted him desperately, was even jealous of a beast of a horse because he was getting more attention than she was.

"Have you ever ridden a horse?" he asked abruptly.

Dani snapped out of her hypnotic state and glanced up at him. "Excuse me?" she asked, feeling her face warm when she hadn't heard his question.

Kalil didn't comment, but raised one eyebrow to indicate that he was curious about her reaction. "I asked if you'd ever ridden a horse before."

"Oh! Ah...no. And I don't think that is an experience I really want."

"But this can't be," he said softly. He raised one hand slightly and a stable hand appeared as if by magic. Kalil gave the man instructions and Dani watched in horror as the man led another horse out into a large area and saddled her.

"Kalil, I'm not sure what you have in mind, but if it has anything to with me on top of that horse, you can just forget about it," she said, backing up several steps.

"Trust me?" he said and walked so he was standing directly in front of her, blocking the view of the man saddling the horse.

"No," she said, peeking around Kalil's broad shoulders to determine how much time she had before the real battle would begin.

"Yes you do," he countered.

She stopped looking around him and glared up into his amused face. "Kalil, why in the world would I trust you? You've kidnapped me here simply because I may, and I would like to emphasize the extremely remote possibility, be pregnant with your child which, according to you, must be raised here in Basir and no other place in the world will do. So tell me exactly how and why I should trust you. Because so far, I haven't seen or experienced much to engender that feeling yet."

His smile only broadened. "In time, you will learn to trust me. And this will be your first lesson," he explained. He turned around and the horse was already saddled. Kalil took her hands in his and gently led her over to the patiently waiting horse.

"Kalil, I am not getting on that horse!" she said adamantly, trying to free her hands from his and back up.

Kalil only smiled slightly, then lifted her up onto the horse. Dani was shocked to find herself sitting on the horse. She looked down at Kalil and tried to swing her leg back over the horse. "Please don't do this," she pleaded but he only put a hand on her upper thigh.

"How are you going to learn to trust me if you aren't patient?" A moment later, he swung up behind her, pulling her back and bottom firmly against his chest and hips. "Relax," he said softly into her ear.

Dani wished she could obey but the heat coming from his body was too much. Her body was responding to the tension and it was building, making her stomach coil with wanting. Then the horse moved. It was only a slow walk at first and Kalil put his arm around her waist, holding her securely while his other hand controlled the reigns.

"What are you doing?" she asked breathlessly.

"I'm taking you for a ride on Daisy."

"Daisy?" she laughed despite her nervousness. "You have a horse named Daisy?"

"Yes. Why is that so hard to believe? Doesn't she look like a 'Daisy' to you?" They were now walking out into the sunshine and Kalil called out an order to someone else. Immediately a hand appeared. It wasn't the large, wide-brimmed hat that Alea had given her but it was smaller, with just enough of a brim to keep the sun off the front of her face but still very comfortable.

"Thank you," she said, pulling the hat low on her forehead to keep as much of the sun off as possible. "And no, this large animal does not in any way resemble any daisy I've ever seen. So why did you name her Daisy? And whose horse is she?"

"She used to belong to my sister before she married last year."

"I didn't know you had a sister," she said, surprised.

"I have three, all of them married. I have parents too, just in case you were wondering."

"You do?"

"My father is still living but my mother died five years ago."

"I'm sorry," she said, turning so she could look up into his face. She knew that losing a parent was one of the worst experiences. And she'd lost both of hers four years ago in a car accident.

Kalil looked down at her, his eyes noting her sincere expression. "Thank you," he said.

"What do your sisters do?" she asked.

"They are married," he replied as if that answered her question.

"Yes, but do they work?"

"No, why would they?" he asked, and turned the horse to an area filled with large rocks and desert.

"Why wouldn't they?" she countered.

"Because they are married."

Dani sighed and shook her head. "So I guess you are one of those men who think a woman's life is complete once she finds a man to take care of her?"

"Of course. My mother's life was raising her four children."

"What would happen if you married someone who wanted a career outside of her marriage? What if raising your children isn't fulfilling enough?"

"Then I will make sure it is," he said.

"What if you can't? What if she feels she has something more to offer than just acting as a baby machine for her husband's dynasty?"

He looked down at her enigmatically. "Since you will be my wife, albeit for a short duration, are you concerned that your time as my wife will be boring?"

"Since I'm not going to be your wife because I'm most likely not pregnant, I'm just asking questions out of curiosity."

"But if you are pregnant, you will marry me."

Dani hesitated for a long moment before answering. "If it turns out that I am, then I will consider your proposal when you offer it," she said, determination in her voice and her expression.

Kalil tightened his hold around her waist. "You will marry me," he said into her ear, his tone just as determined.

"We'll see. What is your father like?" she asked.

"Strong, fair," he said with pride.

"That's what he's like as a ruler but how was he as a father?" she asked, ignoring the increased speed the horse seemed to move into.

"The same," was all he said. "What was your father like?"

Dani accepted that he didn't want to discuss his family life. That was fine with her. Two could play at that game. "He was fair," she tossed back.

Kalil laughed. "My father was usually busy. I don't remember him being around much until I was in my teen years. At that point, he was very involved with me and taught me many things. I used to sit in his office sometimes, just to listen to some of his meetings. From the moment I was small, I wanted to be strong like my father, and I always hoped I could be as wise."

Dani felt her heart swell with emotion as she thought about Kalil as a small boy, hiding in the corner and watching his father with awe. What an inspiring figure he must have presented. If he was anything like Kalil, she would imagine him to be a great ruler. Kalil seemed to inspire people. She'd only witnessed it in the palace staff, but she had the impression that he ruled through wisdom and not through fear.

Since he'd shared a bit of his past with her, she relented as well. "My mother would wake up on Saturday mornings and leave my father in bed. But she'd send us all into his room to wake him up. Me and my sister would try and sneak into the room but we were giggling so much, there was no way he could possibly sleep through it all. Then we'd jump onto the bed in the hopes of pinning him down and tickling him. She and I would end up being pinned down ourselves and tickled unmercifully by him since he was only pretending to sleep after my mom left the room."

"That sounds like a nice memory."

"He was a lot of fun."

"Tell me some of the Arabic you learned this morning," he demanded, turning the corner and halting the horse looking out to a canyon.

Dani tried to turn around but his arm wouldn't let her move. She had to stare out at the view, admiring the vision before her but also fuming that Alea had told on her. "I asked Alea not to mention that to you," she said.

"One thing you'll learn quickly, there's really nothing that happens in the palace that I don't know about," he explained. "So say something you've learned. I'm glad you started learning our language. It will make your transition here smoother."

"Let's just change the subject, okay?"

"Tell me what you've learned."

"No."

"Okay, then I'll just have to kiss this beautiful neck of yours," he said.

"No!" Dani said, moving her neck out of his way. But nothing was out of his reach if he really wanted it. "Fine, Kalil, I'll tell you," she said, desperate to keep his lips off the sensitive spot on her neck.

She spoke the few phrases she remembered but knew she was slaughtering his language. He replied back to her but she didn't understand what he said. He repeated his words in English, "I'm proud of you."

Dani shook her head. "I know that everyone else wants to impress you but perhaps I have an ulterior motive for learning the language and it has nothing to do with impressing you," she asked.

She ignored the silly glow that his words produced within her. Dani didn't want him to know that she was planning to escape because that would only increase the security around the palace and possibly herself. But she didn't want him to think that she was accepting the situation or that she wanted him to be proud of her.

"I wouldn't dream of assuming that you are trying to impress me. That would mean you have feelings for me and we wouldn't want to think that, would we?" he said, his hand flattening against her stomach.

Dani gasped and tried to move his hand away. "Kalil, what are you doing?" The heat invading through her entire system.

"I'm proving to you that you have feelings for me, even if they are only sexual."

Dani's head rolled back onto his shoulder, gritting her teeth against the power he seemed to hold over her. . "Shouldn't we get back to the palace? Don't you have work to do or a horse to take care of, war to start or something like that?"

"I have all the time in the world right now," he replied. But he turned the horse around and urged the horse to a trot. They rode back to the palace in silence. Dani was considering murdering him for the feelings that were racing through her system. She was too new at the sexual tension, never having experienced it before, to be able to endure it delivered from a master.

It took them only minutes to arrive back at the palace so Dani assumed they had traveled in some sort of circle. She knew she should have been paying attention to the landscape instead of her conversation, but she acknowledged that she hadn't been nervous on top of the horse. Kalil definitely knew how to distract a person from their fears. It was something she would have to remember for future confrontations with him.

As soon as they arrived, he tossed the reigns to a stable hand, then slid off the horse first. When he reached up to help her off, her eyes were caught with the intensity of his. She noted with trepidation that his were just as on fire as she felt.

"I'll see you tonight for dinner," was all he said before he walked quickly back through the stables towards the palace, leaving her standing there alone, staring at his retreating back and wondering what was going on in that mind of his.

Kalil walked determinedly back through the halls of the palace. He saw his top advisor waiting at the entrance but waved him off. He couldn't talk about business right at the moment. Without another word to anyone, he made his way to his quarters, stripping off his clothes as soon as the door was closed behind him. He walked right into the shower, turning the jets to cold in an effort to get his body under control.

What had he been thinking? Taking Danielle out on a horse was just asking for punishment. And then kissing her neck, touching her sweet, responsive body. It had been pure torture!

He remembered that one night they'd shared together and how he had kissed her, intending to leave her at the door. Something inside him had known she was innocent and that he was only asking for trouble. But he'd wanted just one kiss that night, hoping for an opportunity on another trip to London to sample more of the lovely Danielle's charms.

Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined the kind of flames that would explode between the two of them with that one kiss. He'd tried to stop at the door, then again when he'd laid her down on the bed. But she'd wanted him and he'd never wanted another woman like he'd wanted her. There was just something electrifying about her soft, tentative touch that eliminated coherent thinking.

The discovery that she really was as innocent as he'd suspected had only intensified the pleasure he'd felt that night. The idea that no other man had ever touched his Danielle, and he knew he'd started thinking about her as his after that first kiss, had made him feel powerful, strong and definitely caveman-like. He'd wanted to beat his chest and throw open the windows to stake his claim.

When the bracelet and shredded contractual documents had come back to him, Kalil had been furious. He'd been so sure she'd felt the same things he'd felt. How could she not? No woman had ever affected him like she had.

It had been his intention to buy her a house and convince her to become his mistress. That's why he'd put security guards trailing her. When the reports indicated that she may be pregnant, Kalil had been ecstatic, and furious as well. Why hadn't she contacted him? What was she thinking, not coming to let him know about their child at the first sign? The fact that she didn't really know who he was didn't occur to him until she'd arrived on the plane, furiously putting him in his place, or at least where she thought he should be.

So he'd taken matters into his own hands. Bringing her here had soothed his sense of frustration and had given him justification for bringing her along. He knew she'd balk at becoming his mistress no matter how prettily he'd tied it up. If she really was pregnant, he could then marry her to legitimize the children, then he'd have months to show her how wonderful they could be together.

Shutting off the jets, he hoped he was back in control of his libido. It had never been a problem before. So what was it about this tiny woman that drove him so hard to possess her? It certainly wasn't her words of flattery since almost every word out of her mouth was insolence and wouldn't be tolerated in anyone else. But it was such a gorgeous mouth, he thought, thinking of her luscious lips and bright smile.

Sighing, he pulled on some clothes, not really caring what he was wearing or what was on his agenda for the rest of the day. All he knew was that he'd cleared his calendar so he could spend the evening with her. And perhaps the night? He definitely hoped so, he thought with a smile as he walked into his office to greet the waiting diplomats.

Chapter 8

Dani held the towel around her, pulling the ends closer as she stared at the dress Alea had laid out for dinner.

"I can't wear that," Dani said, swallowing hard.

"You don't like it?" Alea asked, the disappointment evident in her tone.

"It's beautiful," Dani said honestly. It was a shimmering gown of cream silk with spaghetti straps and a bias cut skirt. It was barely more than what she would wear as a slip.

"You don't think His Highness would approve?"

Dani shook her head. "Oh, I think 'His Highness' would definitely approve as long as we're dining alone tonight."

"That was the request."

Dani's eyes snapped to her. "Kalil wants to dine alone tonight?" Dani didn't think she'd be able to handle being along with him tonight. There had already been two instances today when he'd broken through her defenses with almost no effort at all. Wearing that shimmering dress that would cling to every curve of her body, revealing every reaction to his word or touch.

"I definitely don't think I can wear that," she said with more emphasis, swallowing hard just at the thought of an intimate scene with Kalil, candlelight and soft music. "I think I'll have to wear something else," she said definitively.

Alea took the dress and disappeared back into the closet. Dani followed after her and her mouth dropped open at how full the room was becoming. "Were more clothes delivered today?"

"Absolutely. Aren't they lovely?" she asked, taking two other day outfits out. One was a pantsuit in a soft blue with embroidery at the bottom of one and the other was a lovely shade of pink with a fitted jacket and white silk shirt. There were others that were still in the bags and all of them still had the tags on them indicating that they were not borrowed from some other lover of Kalil's.

"Why are so many clothes coming?" Dani asked, wishing the expenses weren't piling up. She was only going to escape and leave it all behind. At least the tags were still on them so they could be returned once she was gone.

"I think I'll just wear my jeans and shirt. That's probably the safest route tonight."

"But dinners are more formal at the palace."

Dani was starting to become uncomfortable in the wet towel. She glanced at the other dresses hanging in the closet and pointed to the one that looked safe enough. "How about that one?"

Alea smiled broadly and pulled the black one out of the closet. "This is also lovely," she said and carried what Dani could now see was a strapless, satin sheath.

Now that she'd finally made a choice, Dani didn't feel like she could go back on the decision but she surveyed the other choices. There were five other evening dresses, all of them just as lovely but still very sexy. She wondered why her dresses were so revealing. She would have thought that Kalil wouldn't want his woman displayed in such a way.

Pulling on the dress, she turned and looked at her reflection in the dressing room mirror, stunned by how the designer had created something that cinched in her waist, while at the same time, creating a silhouette that enhanced every feminine aspect of her figure. And it was extremely comfortable.

Stepping out of the dressing room, she reached behind her and tried to find the zipper. "Alea, I've changed my mind. I don't think I can wear something this...." She couldn't think of an adjective before she heard Kalil's amused voice behind her.

"Alluring?" he suggested.

Dani spun around to face him and had to gasp at how handsome he looked. He was dressed in dress slacks with a button down, white shirt open at the collar. She could see a small amount of his chest and her mouth went dry, her fingers itched to touch his skin.

Without her being aware of it, Alea left the two of them alone. "You look lovely," he said softly, walking up to stand in front of her. "That dress makes you look very feminine."

Dani finally broke eye contact with him and took a needed step back. Breathing in large gulps of air, she looked down at herself. "I don't want you to get the wrong impression," she said.

"What would be the wrong impression?"

"That I'm yours for the taking," she replied.

"I would never assume that. All I'm hoping for is a nice, relaxing dinner with you. Is that too much?"

"No," she replied, feeling silly.

"Good," he smiled and Dani's heart skipped a beat. "Then let's eat," he said and took her hand in his warm one to guide her out of her room to the patio outside her door. She hadn't realized it, but someone had set up dinner out on the wrought iron table. It was now covered in white linen, candles and silver covered dishes.

Kalil walked up to the table and seated her in one of the cushioned chairs. "Would you like some wine?" he asked.

"That would be nice," she said, needing anything to quench her thirst.

He poured her a delicious, crisp red wine, then poured another glass for himself. "To a peaceful night?" he suggested, raising his glass towards hers.

"Perfect," she said and smiled tentatively towards him. "What's the occasion?"

"None really. I've just had a busy day and was looking forward to a relaxing dinner with you. Did you have other plans?"

"You know I didn't," she said, glaring at him. "What on earth would I do besides try and convince you that this is all so unnecessary?"

"Perhaps learn more Arabic?" he suggested.

"I did ask Alea for some other phrases," she said.

"What are they?"

Dani repeated her colors which Alea had taught her as they were choosing dresses earlier in the evening.

Kalil laughed at her pronunciation but she could tell that he was impressed. "I'll have a tutor come to the palace tomorrow. Perhaps that would help as well. I'm glad you like your assistant though."

"She's wonderful. Where did you find her?"

"I have a great staff who continue to find other useful people to help run the country. What would you do if you were queen?"

"That's an interesting question. What would you suggest? I could just spend my day changing clothes and appearing at various places."

"That's one idea."

"Well, with all the clothes that keep appearing, I was wondering if that was the plan."

"Do you not like clothes? I thought all women loved to have new outfits."

"I wasn't much into fashion," he admitted. "I was actually the girl who wore jeans all the time in school and tried to keep up with the boys."

"I'm guessing that was in elementary school. What about when you were in high school?"

"Well, by that time, I was more interested in school than boys. And by the time I went to university, I guess I dated but there wasn't anything serious. Mostly just friends."

"Why is that?" he said once the servant left with the covers to their dishes.

"Why is what?" she asked, distracted by the heavenly smell of the roasted salmon and rice pilaf. There was also asparagus with a tangy lemon sauce and a lovely garnish that looked too lovely to even move from the side of the plate.

"I just don't understand how a woman as lovely as you could possibly be untouched at the age of twenty six."

Dani raised one eyebrow. "As for that, no man really interested me enough to take the plunge into the scary world of sex."

"Until me," he clarified.

Dani didn't like the smug look on his face. "I guess so," she said non-committally.

"Are you challenging me to prove that I interest you?" he laughed. "Not a good idea when you're dressed in that outfit."

Dani blushed and turned her attention to the salmon. "What were you like as a child?" she asked.

"Mean."

Dani laughed instantly. "Really?"

"No. I guess I was just curious about everything. I loved science. I once caused a fire in the laboratory in the East wing. My father was pretty furious."

"What did he do?"

He stopped and thought for a moment. "I believe I wasn't allowed in the laboratory until I repaired the damage to the room. I also had to write a paper on why the explosion happened."

"You repaired the equipment?"

"Why is that so hard to believe?"

"Because you're a prince. I just can't see any person of royal descent stooping to manual labor."

"My father had all of us do several kinds of jobs as we were growing up. He said it was the only way we would understand what we're asking of others. My sisters even groomed their own horses for most of their years. They loved it. If it were up to their husbands, they would saddle their horses now."

"I'm not saying it isn't a worthy experience. I just can't see you getting your hands dirty and calloused."

"Believe it. I've done it several times and they are the best experiences of my life. Our son will also do those things."

Dani lowered her lashes at the mention of a child. Looking at him across the table, she could easily imagine having children with him. But those thoughts led to the future and she knew there wasn't one with this man.

"Where did you go to school?"

"I went to Oxford for my undergraduate degree and to Harvard Business School in America later on."

"Wow! So you're one of those really educated people?"

"I'm not sure I'm more educated than anyone else."

Dani rolled her eyes. "I don't have a graduate degree nor did I go to either of the top schools in the world."

"Everything is relative. I don't think I would have the patience to teach small children like you do."

"You're used to people jumping at your orders immediately, correct?"

"Everyone jumps except for one small woman."

"You mean me, correct?"

"Exactly."

"What order would you have me follow? Besides taking a pregnancy test."

"I would simply order you into bed so I could make love to you all night, just as we did three weeks ago."

His simple words made Dani's mouth drop open. She had assumed he'd say something like share meals with him or help him with some sort of project. She wasn't used to a man wanting her sexually.

"Well," she said, clearing her throat. "That's direct enough, I guess."

"Would you like me to beat around the bush more?"

Dani shook her head then realized he probably couldn't see her very well in the candlelight. "No. Direct is good. At least I understand your perspective."

"Was there any doubt about my perspective?"

"I wasn't really sure if I was here simply as a potential baby carrier," she admitted.

"Never doubt that I want you. I know the feelings are reciprocated. I don't understand why you are denying those feelings though."

"I think we should change the subject," she said and stood up, taking the glass of water with her and ignoring the full glass of wine. She walked off the patio, aware that he was following her but giving her the space she needed right at the moment.

"What are your sisters like?" she asked.

Kalil followed her and they talked about their siblings, what it was like to grow up in the palace with servants versus living in a suburban neighborhood. Kalil was open about his life and many of his stories made her laugh. He was a wonderful story teller.

What she didn't realize was that as they walked, they were moving deeper into the garden where the dim lights from the candles and the interior were moving farther off. They were still within the walls of the palace so that may have lulled her into a false sense of security. But suddenly Dani looked around her and found she was surrounded by glowing blossoms.

"Where are we?" she asked, amazed at the lovely blooms at her fingertips.

"It is called a moonlight garden," he explained, pulling one large, white blossom off a bush. "The flowers are all white so they glow in the moonlight."

"How lovely," she said, smiling as she took the offered flower. "I didn't know this was possible."

"It probably is possible everywhere but has a greater impact here in the dryer temperatures. The humidity of your English weather wouldn't be conducive to glowing in the moonlight. You need strong moon beams to see the blossoms."

"I suppose so," she said, turning to find herself in Kalil's arms.

"We're going to make love tonight, Danielle," he said with absolute confidence.

"I don't think that would be a good idea," she said but heard the breathless quality of her voice.

"Why not?" he asked, staring at her mouth as his hands rested lightly on her waist, drawing her closer to his tall, muscular body.

Dani tried to think but he was just too handsome. She put her hands on his chest in an effort to put more space between them. But all she felt was muscles and heat. Instead of pushing him away, her fingers explored, almost against her will. She was just too curious of his body.

"We should go inside," he said, his voice rough as he felt her fingers run along his arms.

"No, please. Just stay out here for a little while," she said, her mind spinning but aware enough that the bed was inside whereas there wasn't a bed here in the moonlight.

As his hands slid up her waist, his mouth descended towards hers. She tried to brace herself, wanting to taste him but not wanting to lose control once again. She got only half her wish. As his mouth covered hers, she whimpered with excitement as he pulled her closer, his hands unzipping the dress and sliding inside. The double assault on her mouth and her skin made her shiver and press her body against his, needing to feel more.

The night air surrounded her as the dress dropped to the ground. She stood against him in only black lace underwear and black heels. She felt his fingers push the pins out of her hair and reached down to slide her fingers against the ridges of his stomach, moving around to his back and up, reveling in the feel of his muscles moving as she touched new parts of his body.

He tilted her head, his mouth moving down her neck, then suddenly she was lifted up and his mouth closed over her nipple. Dani couldn't believe the heat that poured through her and her legs wrapped around his waist, her body moving against him as he pulled, nibbled and bit against her tender flesh. "I can't take much more," she cried out but her hands pressed his head against her breast, not letting him stop.

With a curse, Kalil held her against him as he dropped to the ground. Within moments, he had positioned herself over him, torn off the lace barricade and unzipped his slacks. "Dani!" he growled out when he was finally inside her, holding her hips still as he savored the feeling of being inside her warmth once again. "Don't move," he said when he felt her wiggle slightly.

"Can't stop," she gasped when she moved only slightly against him. "Please, Kalil," she cried out. "Help me."

That was the only thing that could move him at that moment. Looking up at her, noting that her eyes were closed and her body was writhing against him impossibly made him harder, driving himself deeper inside her. He knew she felt it too when he heard her gasp of surprise. With a groan, he pulled her hips up, then down once again, showing her how to move, watching her face to see what she liked the most.

And when she cried out her release, he was quick to follow, her cries pulling him along.

It was a long time later that Dani looked around, her eyes coming open with great effort. She noticed that they were still in the garden, laying on the soft grass and she shook her head.

"What?" he asked, his hands sifting through her hair, down her back and along her arms.

"We're in the garden," she said, resting her chin on the middle of his chest.

Kalil looked around, not really surprised by their surroundings. "So we are."

She sighed and started to pull away. "I thought if we kissed out here in the garden, it would be safe and I could get away with only a taste."

He lifted her up, then followed. "You were incorrect in that assumption, obviously."

"Yes, I suppose so." She started to bend down and pick up her clothes, but he stopped her.

"And I'm not done yet," he said as he spun her around and lifted her into his arms. "I want more of you. And this time, we're going to take it slow," he said as he carried her into the bedroom, laying her down on the silk sheets.

She started to say something, but he stopped her in the most expedient way. He covered her mouth with his own, then followed with his body. "No arguments tonight, Danielle," he said roughly.

At that moment, she couldn't speak, much less argue with him. So for this one time, she wouldn't deny his command.

Chapter 9

Dani rolled over and felt for Kalil. But her hands only found empty space. Since it was such an odd occurrence after the night they had shared, it woke her up fully.

"Good morning," Alea said and Dani was startled into sitting up. Thankfully, she grabbed the sheet in time to save herself additional embarrassment. "I've brought your robe," she said in a sing-song voice. "And there is coffee on the terrace."

Alea disappeared into the bathroom after depositing a beautiful, pink silk robe on the end of Dani's bed.

Dani had just belted the robe around her waist when Kalil walked into her room. Alea's smile disappeared instantly and she slipped out of the room quickly.

Dani looked across the room at the angry Kalil and wished she too could disappear. For some reason, Kalil looked ready to commit murder.

"Is something on your mind?" she asked, wondering where the sensitive, caring lover of the night before had disappeared to.

"Do you have something to tell me?" he said and placed her calendar on the desk near the bed.

It took Dani a moment to realize what he was holding but the realization came and she became angry. "Are you snooping through my personal belongings?"

"It was open on the desk last night. I noticed it this morning and glanced at your calendar, wondering what I was keeping you from this week."

"And? Did you find anything interesting?" she said and walked over to the desk to snatch her calendar away from his prying eyes.

"I noticed that you have several lunches with friends scheduled. Which I am sincerely sorry you have to miss."

Dani sighed and pushed her brown hair off her face and behind her shoulders. "Kalil, I don't understand why I have to miss them. We had sex once," she started to say.

Kalil's eyes snapped to hers. "It was more than once that night," he said and his voice had lost some of the anger. But his eyes were still intense as they looked down at her. "And you've been keeping something from me. When are you going to tell me?"

Dani looked confused. "What are you talking about?" she demanded and opened her calendar to the current month. "There's nothing here but lunch appointments and my to do list which isn't very interesting since it is filled with simple crafts I was planning on doing over the summer."

"I wasn't looking at the crafts." Kalil snapped the page backwards one month. "I was noticing the check marks beside the first week in May," he said, pointing to the blue check marks on five days at the beginning of the month. "Do those indicate what I think they mean?" he demanded.

Dani looked down at the dates on which she'd marked her last period. Her face instantly turned red and she nodded her head, unable to look back up at him. It was such an intimate subject she just couldn't talk to him about her monthly cycles. "Yes. But what of it?" she said.

Then all the blood left her face. She looked down at her calendar, then snapped the pages to the current month. "No!" she gasped. She counted the weeks again. Then a third time just to be sure. "It can't be!" she said, her legs giving out on her as she fell onto the edge of the bed.

Kalil looked at her and knew that she hadn't been keeping the truth of her tardy period from him. She was either the ultimate actress or she honestly hadn't known. He preferred to assume the latter since he didn't want to think she was able to lie so convincingly. "Danielle, I think you had better see a doctor."

She looked up at his handsome face and shook her head. "It can't be!" she said.

Kalil wiped the errant tear that escaped from her eyes. "It can be," he countered.

"But it was only one night."

"It only takes one time."

"No! I have friends. It is so hard for them to get pregnant. It took Carrie and Tim over a year to get pregnant. It just isn't possible!"

Kalil sighed and shook his head. "Danielle, it is not only possible, but probable that you are now more than six weeks pregnant. If that is the case, we need to be married immediately."

Dani was too overwhelmed by the idea that she was now two weeks late on her period. For someone who was regular to the point of clockwork, that idea terrified her. Adding marriage to the equation only boggled her mind. "Married?"

"Yes, that was what this whole exercise was about, if you'll remember."

"No! It was to prove that I wasn't pregnant."

"And if you were, we needed to get married immediately so as to avoid any possible questions about the legitimacy of our child. I don't want anyone to denigrate our son."

Dani wanted to say that it could be a daughter, but that might make this whole situation too real. Acknowledgement was not yet within her grasp yet.

"And if you weren't pregnant before, I think there was a definite possibility that it occurred last night."

"Last night? That was never supposed to happen!"

Kalil stood up and stepped back from her. "I know that is what you thought but you have to admit that what we share is incredible."

"But for how long? This isn't fair. You've already said any marriage between us would have to be temporary."

"Unfortunately, that is true. My people would never accept you. We have very good relations with Great Britain but I will be expected to marry a woman of Basir. It will solidify my country."

"And what of me? What will happen once you've removed me from your life?"

"Don't say things like that. You can always be a part of our son's life. And afterwards, we can still be together."

"While you're married to another woman?" I don't think so!" she said, stepping out of his arms. "What kind of a husband would that make you? And what would that make me?" Dani shook her head, pushing her hair out of her face and wondering how she was going to deal with all the emotions hitting her. There was absolute joy that she was probably pregnant. And definitely excitement at the idea of sharing this life with Kalil. But mixed with all that was the humiliation and anger that she wasn't good enough for a man like Kalil. And he wanted her to become his mistress? Did he really think she was that kind of a woman?

"It won't be like that," he assured her.

"What would it be like?" she demanded. "Would I get certain days of the week and your wife will get others? Will she work the charity circuit but I get all the state dinners? And what of our child? Will she," Dani said, emphasizing the use of the feminine pronoun, "be assured of ruling the country as the first born and if so, will she be able to have much respect for men since her father wouldn't' even acknowledge her mother?"

"I think you're becoming too emotional. Why don't you rest for a little while and we'll continue this conversation later?" he suggested but since he was moving towards the doors, his whole demeanor emanating his anger at her words, there was no question as to whether it was a suggestion or an order. "We'll talk later."

Dani glared at the closed door. "Don't count on it," she said out loud.

Chapter 10

Dani waited, listening to the silence. Finally, there was no noise. It was time. She threw the covers off the bed then smoothed them over the extra pillows to make it look like she was still sleeping. It was a childish trick but she hoped it would hold off the search for a little while longer.

She squinted at her watch in the dim light from the moon and worried that she wouldn't make it. She had to. Her whole future was at stake here. And that of her unborn child's. She put a hand on her stomach and wondered for the hundredth time if she was doing the right thing. It was Kalil's baby as well as hers.

Biting her lip, she pushed those thoughts aside. She would get back to London, find a lawyer and figure out what her options were. She didn't want to stay here and become Kalil's temporary wife. That road led to him gaining more legal rights and she would lose her child. Already, she'd been swallowed up in the palace, not really understanding what her role was or how she could live in this kind of limbo.

Opening the French door that led to the patio, she carefully closed it behind her, carrying her small bag of supplies on her shoulder. She was leaving only with what she'd brought with her. She wore her jeans and tee shirt, wishing she had a sweater as well when the night air from the desert touched her skin. It was cool, but surely it wouldn't kill her.

The water in her large bag jiggled and she considered leaving it behind since it was weighing her down, but she decided against it. She suspected that it was only a few miles' walk to the city but just the idea of walking through the dessert might make her thirsty enough to regret leaving it behind. There were crackers and small loaves of bread she'd filched from her breakfast and lunch so she felt like she had enough supplies to last her for the next few hours, enough time to get her to the city and reach the British embassy.

Walking carefully through the gardens, she kept to the bushes in an effort to hide from any eyes she might not know about. There were also cameras, but Alea had assured her that none were on the inside of this small courtyard. They were all over the palace though but she'd found most of them during her walks today and hoped she could avoid detection.

Glancing at her watch again, she knew she'd have to speed up in order to meet the delivery trucks. She'd noticed them yesterday morning and, although they wouldn't get her out of the palace since they were searched by security, she was praying they would act as a distraction and allow her to be able to slip outside. The trucks didn't head back into the city anyway. They obviously moved on to their next route which was not in the direction she wanted to go.

It seemed like hours but was probably only five minutes before she reached the cement wall that enclosed the courtyard. Carefully stepping on the thick branches of an old, sturdy tree, she pulled herself over the barrier. Once she was on the top, she looked around, feeling as if she would be caught at any moment. But when nothing happened, she slung her leg over the side and looked around. She was in another courtyard, this one just as beautifully landscaped as the one she'd just left. From what she remembered this afternoon as she'd stared out over the palace from a high window, there were two other courtyards she'd have to make her way through before she reached the kitchens.

Dani quickened her pace, hearing her breathing in the darkness as panic started to settle in. It also seemed as if the night were getting darker and colder. How could this be in the desert? She knew it got cold but this was really chilly. Glancing up, she saw that the moon was still as bright in the sky as it had been a few minutes ago. Maybe it was just her imagination. She pushed herself through the next courtyard and pulled herself over the last wall, dropping softly onto the grass on the other side. This was the kitchen area. It was relatively quiet at this time of the night with only a few people moving about. But no one seemed to notice her as she crouched along the white wall.

Keeping to the shadows, she made her way to the nearest truck and waited, counting the number of people working and trying to figure out who was doing what. Feeling like a prisoner trying to escape, which she basically was, she made her way through to the back of a truck.

Climbing inside, she sat down to catch her breath. Suddenly, the truck started moving. Dani peered out the back of the truck and saw that the kitchens were receding quickly. She was leaving the palace? This had been too easy!

Dani sat back and chewed nervously on her lip. Weren't they going to search the truck as it left? They had yesterday, but maybe it's different for the early morning deliveries? Maybe that was the case, she thought hopefully. She'd only watched the trucks that had come and gone during the day but maybe there was a different process for nighttime trucks. The security was set up to keep people from coming in, after all. It wasn't to keep people from going out. Everyone was free to come and go as they pleased, except for her, of course.

She heard the voice of what she assumed was the driver as the truck slowed down. She had no idea what they were saying or who the man was talking to but she prayed that nothing was suspected.

But why would anyone suspect anything? Kalil had ignored her for the whole day. He hadn't even shown up for dinner as Alea had informed her was his plan. She'd later found out that he'd been delayed but had ignored his summons to his office later in the evening. Dani wasn't sure if Alea had relayed the response to his message but neither did she care.

Now as she stared out at the night through the flap in the truck's empty cargo area, she wondered if she could really be so lucky as to get away this quickly. It was probably about one o'clock in the morning by now. She had been expecting to have to work her way through the gates over the next few hours.

Sure enough, the truck bounced over the security area of the outer gate moments later. Dani could barely suppress her excitement as the palace quickly faded into the night sky. The lights were still bright but she could see that they were driving away and that was the important thing.

Unfortunately, they were driving in the wrong direction. Dani had known that she couldn't ride away in a truck and now she had to figure out how to get out of the truck. The city lights were also fading away as the truck drove in the opposite direction she needed to go, just as she'd suspected. But there was no way she would give up now that she'd gotten this far.

Dani couldn't believe her luck when the truck slowed down to what she guessed was some sort of stop sign. Quickly climbing over the back gate of the truck, her feet hit the sandy pavement just as the truck started moving again. Dani watched with excitement as the truck moved out of range, leaving her encased in the darkness of the desert.

Dani looked around, feeling slightly disoriented. Where was the palace? There was only a moment of panic when she turned full circle and realized that the palace lights were no longer visible. How on earth could an entire palace disappear so quickly?

She assumed they had just driven over a sand dune and she simply had to walk back in the direction the truck had come from. It would only be moments before she saw the palace lights with the city right behind it.

Dani started off, following the slight tracks in the sand the truck had left. But after fifteen minutes of walking, she still hadn't found the lights. Where was she? What had happened? Had she become so disoriented when she'd walked away from the truck?

Turning back the way she'd come, she walked another fifteen minutes in the opposite direction. But still no lights. And the ground underneath her was becoming softer. Had she left the street somehow?

Dani turned back, looking for some sort of landmark in the moonlight. There were several rocks sticking up out of the sand like earthly statues guarding the moon's domain. But each of them looked similar, none having a specific shape that would allow her to gauge her position.

Taking a deep breath and reminding herself that panic wouldn't help her situation, she continued walking, constantly searching the horizon for something that would indicate that she was heading in the right direction. Or even the pavement under her feet that would let her know she was back on the street.

Glancing at her watch, she realized that over an hour had passed since she'd left the truck. Dani looked around but there wasn't anything new to see. All her eyes took in was the moonlight hitting the sand or the various rock formations. Nothing that would indicate she was near any form of civilization.

This was crazy, she told herself. She couldn't be more than a mile or two from the palace or the city. The truck had only been driving for a few minutes when she got out and she'd seen the palace only a moment before she'd pulled herself out of the truck.

The pack containing the water and food was biting into her shoulder so she shifted it around so it was less of a burden on her shoulders. Perhaps it was the sound of the water that caught her attention or maybe it was the complete lack of any other sound for so long, but Dani suddenly heard a whisper. It frightened her more than anything else had so far.

The sound came from her left and she stared out into the darkness, trying to see through the shadows cast by the moon. Was it an animal? Were animals this close to the palace and the city? But how close was she?

The sound almost became drown out by the sound of her beating heart as the fear raced along her nerves. What on earth could be making that sort of crying sound? It was almost as if there was a child out there crying.

When that thought struck her, she became nervous but for a whole other reason. A child stuck out here would be terrified.

"Hello?" Dani called out in the general direction she'd heard the sound. But as soon as she spoke the sound stopped.

"Is someone out there?" she called out. Then realized she was speaking in English. Thinking back to the phrases Alea had taught her over the past two days, Dani called out in Arabic, "Hello?" again. "I don't speak Arabic very well," she said, hoping the words were correct and her point would come across even through her awful accent.

Dani was relieved to hear a small laugh coming from the shadows of a large rock formation. She moved closer and was startled when a little boy around seven or eight years old rushed out to the moonlight, a look on his face that showed his relief and desperation. He started talking quickly in Arabic, taking Dani's hand in hers and pulling her closer to the rock.

Dani had no idea what the little boy was saying but she allowed herself to be led over to the rock. There, crouched down low and shivering was a little girl of about five years old staring up at Dani from the shadows. Her terrified eyes stared up and she reached out to her brother's hand, pulling him down to her as if he were her only lifeline.

"Hello!" Dani said again and smiled broadly, showing the little girl that she wasn't a threat. "Are you thirsty?" she said in English simply because she didn't know the words in Arabic. Dani pulled out one of her bottles of water and offered it to the little girl. She looked up to her brother who nodded quickly. As soon as she had permission, the girl reached for the water and drank thirstily. Dani realized that the two children might have been out in the dessert for a while. Reaching into her bag, she brought out the other bottle of water and the crackers, offering the water to the boy and the crackers to the girl.

Both children were quiet for a long time as they drank and ate in sequence, both seeming desperate to get the water and food inside their bellies as fast as possible. When they were finally somewhat satisfied, her supplies were down by half.

Dani ignored the sense of panic she felt at the realization that she didn't know where she was, sunrise was only a few hours away and she might not have enough water or food for the next day but also had two more people to help out.

"Are you cold?" Dani asked, taking out the blanket she'd been trying to carry back to England for Carrie. "Here you go," she said and tucked the blanket around both children. She then sat down next to them. Immediately, the girl climbed up onto Dani's lap and the boy curled up next to her, one hand on his sister's back as if he had to reassure himself that she was still okay. Within moments, the two small children were fast asleep, sure in the knowledge that everything would be okay now that an adult was here to take care of them.

Dani wasn't so sure. She stared up at the sky, noting how the moon had fallen towards the horizon but the stars were still bright in the sky. It was almost dawn. What would she do then? What would happen to them?

Maybe when the sun came up, she would be able to see farther. Surely the city wasn't so far away. It was possible that the rocks had obscured her view.

Chapter 11

Dani woke up suddenly, startled by the sound. She had no idea what it was but knew that it didn't sound friendly.

She sat still, her arms wrapping around the two small bodies still curled up on her lap. Somehow, the boy had climbed onto her lap as well and both brother and sister were curled up, their arms wrapped around each other and Dani while their bodies were covered by the baby blanket.

It was dirty now and she noted that the children were also covered in a layer of dust. There were tears that had dried on their cheeks, leaving obvious marks after the tears accumulated more dust than their cheeks and Dani's heart broke thinking about how scared they must have been, lost in the desert without food or water for who knew how long.

The sound grew louder and it sounded like a jeep coming up but the voices were angry, yelling at each other as they moved across the desert.

The children must have understood that something was changing because they woke up and looked around. Dani knew the exact moment that they sensed her fear because they both looked up at her, their brown eyes wide and worried as they looked to her for reassurance.

Dani smiled down at them and put a hand on their heads, fluffing their curly hair. "Wait here," she said and gently slid both children to the side, making sure they were well hidden from view by the rocks. She stood up and peered around the jagged rocks, but as soon as her head rose above the rocks, she was spotted.

Dani gasped, her breath catching in her throat as about a dozen men started shouting, their machine guns pointed in the air and they all rushed over to where she was standing. Dani crouched down, covering the two small children with her body in an effort to protect them.

The two children climbed into her arms, clinging to her as they cried, fear making them slightly hysterical.

One man was calling on a radio and Dani didn't know what was happening. None were speaking in English and all were talking too fast for her to understand anything they said. "Please," she said, hoping one of them would understand "Don't hurt them," she called out. "They are scared!" she yelled as one of the men gestured towards them and said something quickly into the phone.

A few minutes later, three black SUVs pulled up. Dani had no idea what was happening now but somehow these were more sinister than the jeeps or men with machine guns. The children were sobbing now and Dani turned her back on the SUVs, bending down to comfort the children and show them her smiling face. She knew it was a little brittle because she was terrified herself. But the fact that she appeared to not be scared calmed down the children again.

But then one of them pointed over Dani's shoulders and quieted down immediately. Dani glanced back, wondering what she could have seen that would scare her to silence. And then she saw him herself. Kalil was getting out of the back of the SUV, sunglasses covering his eyes but she could see the anger in every part of his body. He walked over to her and looked down into her face, a muscle twitching on the side of his cheek. "Have a nice evening?" he asked.

Dani was still holding the children's hand, trying to comfort them as much as possible but one of the guards picked up the little girl abruptly. The girl screamed and Dani grabbed her back, instantly soothing her and glaring at the guard who had dared to try and take her. Dani shielded the little girl from the man but then had to pull the boy back when he tried to attack the guard. "No!" she cried out, pulling him behind her and shaking her head.

"If you will bring your charges with me, we can reunite them with their parents," Kalil said, the voice of calm amidst the chaos.

"Really?" Dani asked, her voice cracking with emotion as she tried to hold both children at the same time. The boy was valiantly trying to hold back tears as he protected his sister, but still afraid of the guards.

"Of course. We are not so uncivilized here to hold children from their parents. As it is, their parents are worried sick about the fate of their children and there are several other search parties out there trying to find them. If you'll follow me to the truck, we can quickly travel to the city and hand them over to be taken care of."

"Oh! Thank you!" she said and bent down so she was at eye level with the children. "It is okay," she said as calmly as possible. The children both stopped crying and looked at her, smearing their faces with the dust and tears. They looked fearfully back at Kalil and then back to Dani who nodded. "Okay?" she said and took their small hands in hers. "Let's go," she said and led them over to the nearest SUV.

A guard immediately opened the door for them and they climbed into the dark vehicle. The children were instantly awed by the interior but neither would move even an inch away from Dani who continued to keep her arms around each of them. Kalil got into the front seat and the driver immediately drove off. Dani was shocked at how long it took to reach the city. She realized how lucky they were to have been rescued because it was at least a fifteen minute drive before she even saw the city on the horizon. How could she have walked so far? And where had these two small children come from?

As soon as they pulled up outside a suburban looking house, a woman rushed out of the front door, her arms outstretched and tears streaming down her face. The children's smiles grew broader as they wriggled out of the car and straight into their mother's arms. The three of them held each other for a long time, the father standing in the back ground trying to be strong and assertive in Kalil's presence but finally he too broke down and wrapped his arms around his family, the emotions causing his body to shake violently as he came to the understanding that his family was safe.

A long time later, the man stood up and wiped his face. He wanted to keep one hand on his children, but he forced himself to come over to Dani. He took her hands in his and kissed them, bowing to her low and saying something in Arabic quickly.

"What is he saying?" Dani asked Kalil, trying to ignore the body guards that were completely surrounding the perimeter of the house and yard in their effort to protect Kalil.

Kalil walked over and translated. "He is saying thank you for finding and saving his children, guaranteeing that he will be more careful in the future to protect his family. He is also wishing that you find the same kind of happiness."

"That's nice," Dani said, and smiled gratefully to the man. He then turned to Kalil and bowed low, just as he had to Dani but with much more reverence. The words seemed to pour out of his mouth and he kissed Kalil's hand.

Kalil said something sternly to the man who nodded the whole time, bowing at then end in acknowledgement. He then walked back to his family and herded them into the house.

"Let's go," Kalil said and put a hand to the small of Dani's back to hand her back into the SUV. Without another word, he got into the car beside her.

Dani knew he was furious and she knew he had every right. She had tried to run away, take his unborn child with her and what he perceived to be an attempt to deny him any rights to his legacy. "Kalil..." Dani started only to be silenced with a sharp wave of his hand.

"Later," he snapped.

Thirty minutes later, Dani was being escorted through the palace, Kalil right on her heels. When she tried to turn towards the suite she had recently occupied, Kalil stopped her and turned her in another direction. "You've shown you can't be trusted." His cryptic words hurt but she acknowledged that they were true. She kept silent until they were in a new suite. This one was bigger and seemed to have many rooms.

The first one opened up into a large, sunken living room complete with fireplace on one wall and a fountain outside the patio. It was the epitome of luxury and Dani wondered who lived here.

"You're things will be moved to here and I will ensure that you are still available when our wedding day arrives," Kalil snapped but continued walking until he disappeared through a door. Dani didn't know what was expected of her so she just stood in the middle of the room, looking around.

"Don't just stand there. You need to get out of those awful clothes and into something more appropriate. We are meeting the press in a few minutes." She heard his voice but didn't see him.

Dani looked down at her clothes and wondered what she was supposed to put on. Then his words hit her. "The press?" she almost whispered. Kalil stepped out of the room which she understood was a bathroom now that he was only wearing a towel wrapped around his waist and Dani's thoughts flew out of her head. He was glorious, she thought as he toweled his hair. Her mouth remembered the taste of his skin and her fingers itched to touch the light hair that covered his chest.

"Are you going to embarrass me again by wearing that to a press conference?" he snapped.

Dani raised her chin, challenging him with her eyes. "Since I have no idea what you're talking about, then yes. I suppose I am going to embarrass you."

Kalil walked quickly to her so he was towering above her. "Do you understand that you have basically committed treason? I could have you jailed for the rest of your life. You could give birth to our child in prison and never see him for your entire life."

Dani swallowed hard. "What? Why?"

"You dared to steal the future ruler of Basir. I could consider that kidnapping and have you imprisoned."

"But that's not fair!" she cried. "You kidnapped me and have kept me here against my will for the past several weeks and when I finally escape and hope to find some sort of legal recourse, you accuse me of treason!"

His eyes didn't soften in any way when she defended herself. "I don't think you'd be able to convince any judge of that when I get witnesses who would testify that you've slept in my arms every night for the past week. And were willing, I might add. Nor would a judge listen to the claims of kidnapping when you have been draped in clothes and jewels and pampered with every luxury."

"But not of my choice!" she spat out and moved away from him, tired of him trying to intimidate her. Well, it wasn't really trying. She was scared out of her mind. She might have slept with the man, was about to bear his child and had talked with him through each meal. But that didn't mean she knew him or understood what went through his mind.

"Prove it," he said and walked back to the bathroom. "But while you're coming up with your defense, keep in mind that I will be the judge."

"What?" Dani gasped.

He had reached the door to the bathroom by then and turned to offer her a mocking smile. "Did it slip your mind that I am the crown prince? My word is law. Don't try to escape again, Danielle," he said softly. Then closed the door to the bathroom.

Dani stood there feeling as if someone had punched her in the stomach. Could he really do that? Did he have that much power? She suspected that he did. Good grief, the man controlled an army. How in the world did she think she could evade his reach? He was one of the wealthiest men in the world who ruled one of the most powerful oil producing countries. What chance did she have?

Alea appeared in the doorway to another room. The woman was obviously nervous and had been crying if her red, puffy eyes were any indication. "Would you like to shower?" she asked softly.

Dani looked down at her dust covered arms and clothing and nodded. "Yes. I think that is probably the first order of business," she said.

The warm water soothed her sore muscles she hadn't realized were so tight. She supposed that walking throughout the whole evening and sleeping against a jagged rock with two small children wasn't conducive to a good night's sleep.

She wished she could stay under the warm spray forever but she remembered that Kalil had mentioned something about a press conference. She had no idea what the press conference was about nor why she had to get dressed for it but she turned off the water and pulled on a large, fluffy bathrobe.

Alea motioned for Dani to follow her through another door and was led to a large bedroom. Dani's feet sank into the wonderfully thick carpet as she followed Alea to a huge dressing room. All of the clothes that had been hanging in her previous room were now hanging in this one. Dani looked back and noted the masculine colors and heavier furniture. "Alea, who's room is this?" she asked suspiciously.

Before Alea could answer, Kalil appeared in the doorway dressed in a dark suit with a maroon, silk tied, the white collar of his shirt accenting the darkness of his skin and the intensity of his eyes as they looked over her figure. "It is mine," he said. "Leave," was the only word he directed towards Alea who instantly disappeared. "You'll be staying here with me until our wedding as I mentioned. I will be keeping an eye on you as will my personal guard."

Dani's mouth dropped open in shock. "Here? I'll be sharing a room with you?"

"Of course. Isn't that what I just explained?"

"But why? I thought this would be a marriage of convenience. Why would you want me in your room?" she asked desperately, pulling the sash tighter around her waist.

Kalil walked forward and pulled her closer. "Because of this," he said and kissed her. It was hard and possessive, the strength pushed her head back against his arm that was around her back. Despite the brusqueness, her body responded. There was no denying him. Her body was just too needy of whatever touch he gave out.

"You're mine, Danielle! Don't forget it," he said, glaring into her upturned face. Then his arms dropped and he stepped away. "Wear the lavender suit," he said, then turned on his heel and walked away.

Dani took the lavender suit off the hangar and put it on with shaking fingers. It was a wonderful color with her dark hair but she didn't want to admit that he was right. She hated him, she decided. She wouldn't let him have this much power over her! It wasn't right for one person to be so powerful.

Then why did her body wish that he would finish what he'd just started?

Alea brushed her hair and pulled it into a smart twist in the back, pinning it up carefully. Dani didn't understand what all the fuss was about but was too depressed to argue.

"Ready?" Kalil asked when Dani stood up and rounded the bed.

"I suppose, but you haven't told me what this is all about." She smoothed her skirt down her hips with nervous hands.

"It is about our engagement, of course," he said and turned to leave, letting her stand there in anger.

Dani walked out of the room and caught up with him just as he was opening the door to the rest of the palace. They were both instantly surrounded by guards as they walked down the hallway. One of them moved ahead and opened a door where there were muted sounds coming out. Dani fell back a step but Kalil was right behind her, putting an arm around her shoulders to guide her inside.

The entire conference was in Arabic but Kalil kept her by his side the entire time. Dani was terrified as the cameras flashed and popped. Questions seemed to be directed at her but each time she looked up, Kalil answered for her. Several times, the audience of reporters erupted into laughter and Dani looked up at Kalil to determine if it was something he'd said. But she only saw a mildly amused expression on his face. It was as if he had become someone else as soon as he'd stepped out in front of the cameras.

She remembered that it had been that way when they'd been at the family's house earlier in the day. Kalil had become more distant and harder. She supposed he had to project a certain aura of strength and vitality to the people. Any weakness in him would be construed as a weakness in Basir. Despite her anger at his authoritarian ways, her respect for him grew as she watched him control the press, what she suspected was answering only the questions he deemed appropriate if the suppressed frustration on some reporters faces was any indication, and still charmed the entire room.

After about a half hour, Kalil called an end to the conference. He immediately put an arm around her waist and guided her out. One reporter called out to her and she was astonished when she heard her name. Dani looked back, only to be blinded by the lights and cameras flashing in her eyes. If it weren't for Kalil's strong arm around her, she would have fallen on her face and made a complete fool of herself.

But what was new? Hadn't this whole day been a comedy of errors?

She was just tired, she told herself. She'd had maybe two hours of sleep last night and it hadn't been quality sleep. Besides the stress of the whole day had worn on her so she was leaning against his side as they made their way out of the press room.

Kalil stopped once they were out and turned her to face him. He noted the dark circles under her eyes and tilted her chin up so he could see her better. "Thank you for saving those children by the way. Their parents will forever be in your debt."

"I didn't really do anything," she said, smothering a yawn.

"Why don't you head back to my room and get some sleep. We'll talk over dinner."

Dani nodded, unable to do anything else. Now that the cameras were not flashing and the reporters calling out questions she couldn't decipher, her exhaustion was really coming through.

As soon as the doors closed behind her, Dani pulled off the suit, laying it carefully on the end of the bed. She pulled back the covers to the extremely large bed and just curled up in her underwear. She didn't even have the strength to put on something more comfortable.

A long time later, she sat up in bed, wondering what she'd heard. There had been a noise but it was completely dark inside the room. It took her a long time to figure out where she was and what had happened, but then the memory of the long night and equally long day came back to her.

Dani listened again and heard the voices. It was Kalil and someone she didn't know. But that wasn't unusual since she didn't know anyone else other than Alea. That thought brought about her loneliness and she fell back against the pillows, feeling sorry for herself. What was she going to do? How was she going to get out of this mess?

Dani sighed and pushed back the covers. Instead of pulling on the lavender suit again, she found the fluffy robe she'd worn after her shower. Padding barefoot out of the bedroom, Dani opened the door to find the living room filled with bulky men in dark suits. All eyes turned to look at her at the first noise.

"Go get dressed," Kalil snapped and Dani instantly stepped back into the bedroom. Leaning against the door, she found the light switch and fumed. "How dare he talk to me like that!" she thought. But then looked down at her robe and sighed. "Maybe he is right," she thought. "And why am I talking to myself?" she wondered. "Because there's no one else to talk to, that's why," she said out loud as she walked through the room to the closet containing what she knew now to be her wardrobe. Pulling on the first thing she found, she pinned the green sundress up the front of her, not even caring how the cut of the dress showed off her slender waist and hugged her figure, making her appear delicate and dainty.

Before opening the door again, she pulled all the pins out of her hair and brushed, refusing to be primped and pinned when she was alone. She didn't mind having to present an image when reporters were around but she was used to walking around her apartment in her pajamas and slippers if she wanted to. So if Kalil didn't want her revealed to the world, then he'd better not conduct business where she was sleeping.

All the wind was knocked out of her argument when she opened the door and found only Kalil standing by the fireplace that was going full force, flames licking the top and disappearing up the chimney.

"Is this better?" she asked, not stopping the hostility that surfaced in her voice.

"Perfect," he said and his eyes caught hers, the amusement apparent.

"What's so funny?' she demanded, stomping over to where he was standing. She crossed her arms over her stomach and tapped her foot, revealing her impatience.

"You look lovely when you're angry, Danielle. I never thought that was an accurate statement but you're eyes get brighter and your cheeks become rosy. You're a little spitfire although I should be admonishing you for showing me your anger."

"Showing you..." Dani couldn't get the words out through her fury. "I'll show you my anger whenever you make me angry," she spat back at him.

"I would caution you against that," he said and stepped closer to her. "We still have not resolved what is to be your punishment for trying to escape from me last night."

"You're not going to punish me," she said forcefully. "I was doing what any other person would do under the circumstances. How would you feel if you were trapped in my apartment back in London?"

"But you aren't trapped. You are free to move about the entire palace."

"Right!" she snapped, not believing him.

"Try it," he said. "But do so tomorrow. For tonight, we dine and we talk,' he said, handing her a glass filled with bubbly liquid. Dani looked at the glass and then thought of her baby. She hesitated a moment, wondering if it was safe to drink champagne when she was pregnant. She didn't want to bring it up to Kalil, thinking he would consider her silly for such a small amount. But she'd heard that the first few months were the most crucial for development.

"It is ginger ale," he said, his eyes twinkling with his amusement.

The relief came quickly. "Are you also drinking ginger ale?" she asked hopefully.

"No," he replied.

Dani's smile faded. "Oh. I can see we're genuinely sharing this experience."

"What do you mean? I'll be here for you and you'll have the best doctors."

"That's wonderful. Meanwhile, I'm making all the sacrifices."

"What sort of sacrifice are you making?"

"I can't drink wine or caffeine and who knows what else. I can't do everything I used to do," Dani tried to keep the tears from her eyes but she knew that he could tell she was close to tears. "I've been forced to give up my whole future simply because..." she hesitated then turned away. "Oh, never mind. You wouldn't understand."

"I don't understand simply because you haven't told me. If you want me to understand, then continue with what you were saying."

"No. It is pointless." Dani had been about to say that she'd given up everything for one incredible night of sex but that would reveal too much. She could also say that she'd fallen in love with a man who couldn't possibly love her and it more than she dreamed it could. "Don't worry about me. I'll be the good wife for however long you deem it necessary. Then you can go marry your lovely Lina who," Dani stopped and shook her head again, "and I'll be the woman who gets to visit her child whenever there is time." She wasn't going to bring up the fact that Lina was in love with his brother. Let them wallow in their own misery just as she was doomed to do for the rest of her life.

"These are just hormones talking, Danielle. And let's not discuss the future. It will take care of itself. Why can't we just enjoy the experience of waiting for our child to come into this world?"

Dani sniffed. If she was going to leave this relationship with any dignity at all, she'd have to learn to get over her feelings for Kalil. And now was as good a time as any to start. "So, let's go on as we mean to continue. How is the champagne?" she asked, picking up her glass of ginger ale and taking a sip. The cold liquid felt good as it moved down her throat.

"If it would make you feel better, then I will not drink the champagne." Without a second word, he set the glass down on the coffee table and moved over to the French doors. "Are you ready to eat dinner? You must be starving."

Dani realized that she was hungry. She'd had only bread this morning and nothing since. "Yes, thank you." They moved over to the patio. The dinner was tense and Dani was actually relieved when a servant arrived with a message which meant that Kalil had to attend to an urgent matter.

The following morning, Dani woke up feeling miserable. Rushing into the bathroom was her first priority and she barely made it before her stomach emptied itself into the toilet. She felt a gentle hand pull her hair back from her face and a moment later, a cool wash cloth was handed to her. "Thank you Alea," she said, assuming it was her assistant who was always on hand as soon as she woke up.

"Alea is not here yet. I sent her to the kitchen to get some tea for you."

The idea of tea, or anything only made her stomach lurch again. "Nothing. Please, don't let her bring anything," she said, sitting down on the cool tiles. Even speaking was too much work so she just lay there, hoping she would die quickly.

When Kalil's strong arms lifted her up, Dani wanted to protest, but she was feeling too miserable to even speak and the tears moved quickly down her cheeks. He laid her on the bed, then disappeared to get another cool cloth. He wiped her forehead and neck which felt wonderful. Unfortunately, Dani couldn't tell him that so she simply closed her eyes and prayed that he would get the message.

When he started to stand up, she grabbed his hand. Her eyes snapped open and she pleaded, "Don't leave. Don't stop. Please," she begged. She was feeling miserable and knew that he probably had a thousand things to deal with right now but she felt too awful to let him go right now. "I'm sorry, you probably need to work, don't you?" she said and released his hand.

"I have a few more minutes before my next meeting," he said and continued stroking her with the cool cloth. Eventually, Dani must have drifted to sleep because she woke up several hours later feeling wonderful. Dani sat up in bed tentatively and looked around. The drapes were drawn together to keep the bright sunshine out so the bedroom was in mostly darkness. Dani stepped out from under the covers and smiled to herself. "Wow!" she said to the darkness. "What a difference."

There was a soft knock on the door and Dani called out to come in. Alea appeared, nervously looked through the dim light. "How are you feeling?" she asked softly.

"Great," Dani said and stood up. "I'm not sure what happened this morning but I feel fine now. It must have been something I ate last night."

Alea laughed softly. "Or perhaps it is our future king making his presence known?"

Dani's eyes widened and she chuckled at her lack of astuteness. "Well, yes. I guess it could be. What a little tyrant," she said.

"He will have to be in order to follow in his father's footsteps."

"It could be a girl, you know."

"Nonsense," Kalil's deep voice said from the doorway. "Our son is strong and demanding."

Dani didn't feel like arguing with him so she simply laughed and nodded her head. "I'm sure you know what you're talking about." Turning to Alea, she inquired, "Is there any breakfast left? I'm really starving," she said.

"You may have anything you'd like. I'll have the kitchens send in some fresh fruit and juice."

"That sounds heavenly. I'll get into the shower," she said and shyly stepped into the large bathroom, aware of Kalil's eyes watching her the whole time.

Over breakfast, which was actually lunch for Kalil since it was one o'clock in the afternoon, he explained that she was to see the royal obstetrician this afternoon. "We'll make sure our son is healthy and developing."

Dani only smiled and ate more strawberries, uncaring of the agenda as long as she could eat strawberries for the rest of the day. "That's fine."

"And I've arranged for a secretary for you. She will start after your doctor's meeting but you can work out a schedule with her later."

She was grateful to him but also not wanting to take any favors from him. "Thank you," was all she said, slicing another strawberry to eat.

"Is there anything else you'd like?"

Dani thought about it for a long moment. Could she say it? Would he understand? She decided to risk it. Otherwise, she'd spend her whole brief marriage to him bored out of her mind. "A purpose?"

He didn't say anything to her immediately. "I'll assume that would be something other than taking care of our son?"

Dani smiled and ate another strawberry. "I'm relatively sure I can be pregnant and still do something else."

"Our wedding is in three days. Perhaps you could work with the wedding coordinator to explain your preferences?"

"Wedding?" she said, a strawberry suspended halfway to her mouth.

"Yes. It must happen. I realize that this conversation precipitated your ill-conceived exit from the palace two days ago, but we must be married. I will not have any aspersions on my son's legitimacy."

"Ah. Yes. We must consider our son's future." She emphasized the 'our' part of her statement. She'd been afraid it would irritate him but he only smiled slightly.

"How about if we consider this discussion after the honeymoon?" he asked.

"Honeymoon?" she gasped. "Is that really necessary?" She didn't want to be alone with Kalil for an extended amount of time. "Don't you have to run Basir and attend important meetings? Run an army or something?"

Kalil chuckled. "Are you afraid of being alone with me, Danielle? Why would that be?" he asked, his voice silky and husky. His eyes wandered over her features, dropping below her neck to her breasts which were already reacting to the idea of a honeymoon. She'd been without him for two nights and already her body was craving him with a desperate need that was heating her body.

"I'm not afraid of being alone with you," she lied, her chin going up a notch. "I'm just wondering at the utility of the time away from your duties."

His smile deepened and she suspected that he could see right through her bravado and read her mind. "That's very sensitive of you but I can assure you that I can take some time away. Jasim will be able to cover everything while I'm gone. He's a very competent man."

Dani sighed and pushed her plate of fruit away. Her appetite was no longer intense and she needed some time to think and figure out what her next move was.

"If you're finished, are you ready to see the doctor?"

"I thought my appointment wasn't until this afternoon."

Kalil shook his head. "You need to start thinking like a princess, Danielle. Being a member of the royal family means that people make an appointment to see you. Not the other way around. The obstetrician is waiting your convenience."

"Good grief! The doctor is waiting? Why didn't you say something? I wouldn't have kept him waiting."

Kalil grabbed her hand as she rushed past him. "Danielle, what did I just tell you?"

Dani tried to slow down but it just wasn't in her to keep someone waiting for any reason. "Fine. I'm ready. Can we go now?"

Kalil wiped his perfectly clean mouth and stood up, placing his napkin on the table behind him. "I didn't think you were so eager to see the doctor. Why this sudden change?"

Dani smiled broadly. "You mistake me. Initially, I didn't believe I was pregnant and all of this was unnecessary and would mess up my life and my future. Now I know I'm pregnant and my life and my future are irrevocably changed. But I've always wanted to have children."

Kalil gently touched her cheek. "I'm glad something is to your liking then."

Dani looked up at him, his gentle touch affecting her deeply. "Have I been such a chore?"

Kalil laughed. "You ask me that after yesterday's fiasco?"

"Well, forget that. That was desperation. But before."

"No, Danielle. You were not a chore." He looked at her as if he really meant it. Danielle decided to accept him at his word this time.

"What is the doctor's name?"

"Isiri," Kalil replied. "He is an old family friend and a wonderful doctor. He's delivered all of my sisters' children as well."

Dani instantly liked the kind gentleman who quickly made her feel comfortable both about his credentials and his knowledge. She felt odd being examined by a family friend, but at least Kalil left the room so that indignity was avoided. But as soon as he used an instrument to hear the baby's heart, Dani demanded that he come right back into the examining room.

"Listen," she said when he walked in, his eyes worried and looking for the source of Dani's new tears.

Dani nodded to the doctor who placed the Doppler microphone close to her womb again and there was the faint beating of the heart. "Isn't it wonderful?" she asked, one tear slipping off her lashes.

She could tell that Kalil was affected too. He was gripping her hand and swallowing tightly.

The moment passed and Kalil stepped back, the stern face of the strong ruler firmly in place. If Dani hadn't been feeling the same emotion, she might have missed it cross his face.

At the door to the examining room, Kalil immediately excused himself and walked purposefully down the hallway towards what she now knew were the palace offices.

The doctor excused himself and Dani dressed once again, feeling alone and sad now that Kalil had left.

Dani sighed and looked around, wondering what she was supposed to do now. That decision was quickly taken away from her as Jalla arrived. "Good morning!" she called out, linking her arm with Dani's. "Was that not the most exciting moment of your life so far?" she asked.

Dani swallowed hard, remembering how wonderful it had been. "Yes. It was." Dani looked at the woman strangely. "But I don't understand why you are so happy with this situation," she finally said, voicing the issue that had been on her mind for so long. "It should be you giving birth the Basir's future king with Kalil. I'm sorry that it isn't you," Dani said sincerely.

Jalla waved Dani's concerns aside. "Don't worry about that. I think you will be a wonderful mother to Basir's future king. I couldn't do better."

Dani's suspicions were growing. "Jalla," she said, stopping the lovely woman in the middle of the hallway and looking around to make sure she wasn't going to be overheard, "when are you going to admit that you're not in love with Kalil?" she asked.

Jalla laughed. "Of course I'm not in love with him. Nor is he in love with me. That is the way with arranged marriages. But you love him," she whispered, "and that is something that should thrive."

"Because you're in love with Jasim?"

Jalla's eyes clouded over and she looked around, worried that someone else had heard. She pulled Dani into the nearest doorway which turned out to be a solarium filled with tropical plants. Jalla fingered one of the delicate blooms as she tried to figure out how to proceed. "How did you know?"

"I didn't until this moment. I had suspicions."

"What kind of suspicions?" she asked, glancing at Dani with worried eyes.

"The way you look at Jasim when you think no one else is looking. There was also your extreme look of relief when Kalil told you that your wedding would have to be put off for another year."

"Ah, well, I guess I need to be a little more circumspect, shouldn't I?" she asked, her eyes clouding up. "I was just hoping that...well, you know, that maybe you and Kalil would fall in love and be happy together."

Dani nodded sadly. "Yes, that is a nice fantasy but I don't think it will happen."

"Why? Half of the fantasy is already a reality, isn't it?" Jalla asked softly, looking at Dani with more wisdom than her twenty-one years would assume.

Dani smiled but there was no happiness there. "Yes, I'm in love with him but that is only half of the equation. Besides, apparently, I'm not good enough to become queen. The people of Basir won't accept me," she explained, unable to maintain eye contact so her eyes slid away and looked at the tall trees that were forming a canopy over the lower level flowers.

"That's nonsense," Jalla scoffed. "Perhaps the people might have been skeptical before but after the rescue, well, it has been all over the news. The people love you."

Dani's eye snapped back to Jalla's. "What do you mean?" she asked.

"The people are in love with you. The news reports have been all about how you rescued the small children and saved them from death in the desert. The press conference Kalil held yesterday was an announcement that he was to marry you and everyone has embraced you."

Dani's heart soared for a moment, but then Kalil's comments of the morning were brought back to her. He was still furious with her and didn't trust her. There could be no love without trust. "That is nice, but I don't want to live in a fantasy land. The marriage will be set aside in one year. That will give Kalil enough time to ensure that our son, or daughter, is legitimately claimed by the people of Basir."

"That is nonsense," Jalla said and stood up. She took Dani's hands as well and pulled her forward. "You must have hope that things will work out. We will no longer think about this and will let the future take care of itself," she said.

Dani looked at the younger woman with startled eyes. "Those are almost the exact same words Kalil said this morning," she explained.

Jalla was delighted. "You see? I know that man better than you so you must trust me on this. And now, we must make your wedding day something to be remembered by everyone. There will be two weddings. One will be held in your London with your friends and family and the next will be held here in Basir so the people can celebrate and show you their support."

"I'm sorry, Jalla. Did you say there will be two weddings?" Dani asked, sure she had misunderstood.

"Of course. Kalil said you probably wouldn't feel married unless you had a church wedding. We will be flying to London tomorrow. The arrangements have already been made. Your college friends and sisters are flying in and your friend Carrie, I believe is her name, will be your maid of honor," she explained as they walked arm in arm down the hallway towards the room where the dress designer had set up shop for the past few days as she prepared all of the dresses.

Dani was overwhelmed with the idea that Kalil was going to give her a church wedding. How could he have known how much that would mean to her? It was such a small gesture on his part and one he could have just ignored. But he was right. She wouldn't feel married unless she had a church wedding with her family and friends around. She had always dreamed of being married in a small, stone church with her father walking her down the aisle and her mother smiling as she said her vows. A lump formed in her throat as she thought about the extra effort Kalil was going through just for her.

Why would he do something like that? The man was such a mystery and she wished she had the time to figure him out. She wished she could have the next fifty years with him. But since that was an impossible dream, she had to help herself survive the next twelve months.

Putting on a facade, she described her ideal wedding dress to the designer, whose name was Pattia. Pattia drew while listening to Dani. When she was finished, Pattia turned the sketch pad around and Dani gasped. "That's it! That's exactly what I always pictured getting married in," she said.

Pattia smiled and nodded her head. "We measure now," she said in her broken English, then we will all work to create this dress." Pattia turned to Jalla. "And what for the Basiri wedding?" she asked.

Jalla described a dress with lots of color and jewels, even a headpiece which would have trinkets on it. Dani showed no preference since she didn't understand what the celebration would entail. She left all those details up to Jalla who happily described what Dani hoped would be Kalil's ideal dress.

Next came the measurements. Two separate assistants poked and prodded, measured and wrote down notes on Dani's petite frame. By the end of the long session, Dani didn't know what some of the numbers were about but she trusted Pattia and her assistants to know what they were doing.

"You come back tomorrow morning and we see what we need to finish," she said.

"I'll be here," she promised.

"Now, we work on your language skills," Jalla said and led the way down the hallway to a smaller sitting room. A woman was there and instantly rose to her feet as soon as Jalla and Dani entered. "Good morning," the woman said in Arabic.

Dani understood that much but everything else the two women said was a mystery. Jalla left Dani and the other woman, who was named Isis and closed the doors behind her.

Isis explained that it would be her job to teach her as much Arabic as possible before the wedding and would continue the lessons once Dani and Kalil returned from their honeymoon. They spent the rest of the afternoon working and Dani was amazed at how much the woman was able to teach her in such a short amount of time.

The sun was starting to set when Kalil entered the room. Dani rose and bowed slightly, saying "Good evening, your highness," when he entered. Dani saw Isis leave quickly after bowing herself to Kalil but she only had eyes for Kalil. She desperately wanted to thank him for the thoughtful surprise of her own wedding but the emotions kept her from saying anything.

"I hope you have had a nice day," he said, wary with her show of respect that had never occurred before.

"Other than this morning, it has been fine," was all she could say, looking down at the floor shyly. A sudden whoosh of desire hit her and it seemed to be even more intense than ever before.

"We have a dinner tonight with several members of my cabinet," he said, walking over to her, standing so close she could feel the heat from his body. "Do you think you'll be able to attend? I don't want you to do anything that might overtax you."

"I'll be fine," she said and heard the breathless quality of her voice. "Thank you for the wedding," she finally said. "Jalla told me how you have arranged for my family and friends to see me in a church wedding."

"Will this make you happy?" he asked, his eyes inscrutable.

"Very," she replied, wishing he would touch her.

"Then I'm glad you're happy."

She laughed suddenly, aware of how awkward their conversation had become. "Why are we talking like this? Shouldn't I be yelling at your or stomping my feet? Or some other equally annoying and dramatic act that will show you how immature I am?"

Kalil smiled. "I think you are very mature. I understand you've been put into a difficult situation. It hasn't been the most relaxing few weeks for you, has it?"

"It has definitely been something of a whirlwind," she agreed.

"Come, we must get ready for the evening ahead. As we walk, I'll tell you about the people you'll meet." They walked down the hallway towards their suite of rooms and Kalil told her funny stories about various people. By the time they'd reached their room, she was laughing so hard at his stories she had to hold her sides and wipe the tears from her eyes.

The evening was wonderfully easy compared to what she was expecting when he first mentioned it. Because of his stories, Dani wasn't as intimidated as she might have been earlier. They were members of his cabinet, high ranking officials that ranged in age between fifty and eighty. All of them bowed when he entered and showed him a great deal of respect. It was impressive how Kalil handled each of them, no matter if they brought up a controversial subject or a funny story to relate. Kalil sharply admonished one man who dared to criticize another of his cabinet. Apparently, Kalil didn't accept backstabbing comments or power-mongering. Each member and their wives were like a part of his family.

Although the evening was interesting, by the time the last of the cabinet members bowed out of the room, Dani was exhausted. The pregnancy seemed to be coming in full force now and the fatigue she'd always heard about was kicking in. It was as if it were a powerful force that wouldn't be denied.

Kalil led her back to their suite of rooms and closed the door. "You were wonderful tonight," he said, taking off his tie and placing it on the dresser. His jacket came next and he was watching her the whole time.

Dani lay down on the bed and yawned, her body aching it was so tired. "Thank you," she mumbled. She wished he'd done this striptease earlier in the evening but right now, all she could do was get off her feet. "I'm just going to lay down for a moment before getting ready for bed," she said.

Within moments, she was sound asleep. Kalil watched as her eyes fluttered shut and her body relaxed in sleep. It was as if a light switch had turned off and she was instantly out. He considered calling her assistant to get her undressed. He'd wanted her painfully all evening but had kept his hands to himself, sensing something different in her. Her looks were more inquisitive and he wasn't getting the same overtly sexual questions in her eyes that he'd received before she'd tried to leave him.

Kalil gritted his teeth at the memory of that night and how terrified he'd been of losing her. There had been several hours in which he'd felt as if his body was going to explode into a thousand pieces of frustration if he didn't find her immediately. It was only his many years of controlling his emotions that allowed him to remain in control and ensure her safe recovery.

That control was tested again tonight as he pulled off her shoes, then stockings and clothes. The temptation was strong to slowly kiss her awake and pull her into his arms. He was sure he could do it, could make her want him. But he didn't want that anymore. He wanted her to come to him, want him on a deeper level than just sexual.

Kalil was stunned when he realized that he wanted her heart and not just her body. But deep down, he'd been fighting that need since he met her. No other woman had gotten beneath his skin like she had. Right from the start, she'd broken down his barriers. He'd never had sex without contraception and he'd never relied on the woman to take care of that matter, although he assumed that almost all of them were practicing some other form of contraception themselves. But that first night...he smiled as he remembered the ache that had formed in his gut as he'd taken her into his arms and initiated her into the delights of the sexual world.

And it had only gotten better he thought to himself as he pulled the covers over her sleeping form. She rolled over and curled up, one arm reaching out to the blanket where he was supposed to be. The action made him smile. In her sleep, she wanted him for more than just what he could make her body feel. That was something. Not much but a start.

She'd done so much over the past few days. His people would accept her now as their future queen. In fact, they would be angry with him if he let her slip away. The expectation was high after the rescue that he would marry her after it was known that she was a personal guest at the palace. And now, after the press conference when he'd announced his plans, the press had been thrilled. They had been reporting on her background, interviewing anyone they could find that would tell them what an exceptional person she was.

Kalil hadn't needed the digging to know that. He'd known it instinctively from the start. And she'd only proven it over and over again. If he was honest with himself, he even admired her for trying to get back to England. He chuckled at her attempt though. She should have known that he'd never allow it. And even if she'd gotten back by some odd miracle, he wasn't being vain by saying that he had the power to have the British government hand her over to him on a silver platter if he asked. Which he would have. There would have been no questions asked.

He sat down on the side of the bed and twirled a reddish brown lock of hair between his fingers. He had contracts he needed to review and documents to approve. Instead, he pulled off the rest of his clothes and got into bed, pulling her sleeping form against his naked body. She moved automatically into his arms without hesitation and Kalil closed his eyes and fell asleep, contemplating making love to her in a few hours.

Chapter 12

"Oh please! Not again," Dani said, praying the world would remain steady and kept her eyes closed. The nausea was just as intense as the morning before and she gritted her teeth as the bed moved beneath Kalil's body as he got out and headed towards the shower.

She heard the water start and swallowed gently, praying that she would make it through the morning. Dani had no idea what time it was. She wanted to peek through her eye lids and see if it was even morning but she didn't dare, not trusting her stomach to remain calm enough to handle it.

Fifteen minutes later, Kalil came out of the bathroom with only a towel around his lean hips. Dani opened her eyes a fraction and saw his stomach muscles and the desire pulsed through her despite her misery.

Oh, dear, she thought to herself. If he can make me feel that strongly even when I'm this miserable, I'm really in trouble.

Kalil dressed quietly and then left the room, kissing her softly on the cheek before exiting. Dani kept her eyes closed and didn't move. She was equally grateful that he didn't touch the bed which would have caused it to move and therefore her stomach as well. She fell asleep once there was silence again but an hour later, she was in the bathroom, throwing up again, wishing she could call out for Kalil and have him help her again this morning.

But she was alone this time, not even Alea was around to help her since it was barely six o'clock in the morning.

Once there was nothing left in her stomach, she crawled back to bed and laid there, her eyes closed and one hand resting on her stomach. Eventually, the nausea eased and she was able to sit up slightly and look around. By then, the sun was up and Alea poked her head into the room.

"Good, you're awake," she said.

"Barely," Dani replied.

"Are you ready for your morning coffee?" she asked, bringing in a tray.

Just the smell of food made her stomach roll over. "No! Please take it away."

Alea quickly disappeared, coming back empty handed this time but still with a bright smile. "I was wondering if that might be the case. Many new mothers experience this kind of feeling."

"Have you?" Dani asked.

"Yes. My first was miserable and the second time I got pregnant, I couldn't enjoy the lack of morning sickness because I was so afraid it would come." She laughed at her memory but Dani didn't see the humor at the moment.

"How many children do you have?" Dani asked, shocked that she'd been so overwhelmed by her own problems she hadn't even taken the time to get to know Alea who had been so helpful over the past few weeks.

"Just two," she said and started picking up the clothes on the chair.

Dani hadn't realized that she was basically naked until Alea picked up the dress she'd been wearing at the dinner last night. She blushed as she glanced down at her bra and underwear. But the movement made her sick so she accepted that she didn't care about Kalil undressing her.

"What's on the agenda today?" Dani asked.

"You have Arabic lessons right after breakfast, a fitting, then more lessons, another fitting, lessons and then I believe his highness has scheduled in a nap this afternoon. Tonight, there is a dinner for several ambassadors and I'm to dress you up for that," she smiled.

Dani groaned. "So all day I'm either learning Arabic or being poked for my wedding."

"You fly back to London tomorrow so the dress must be finished by tonight. I know that they have been working on it non-stop all night. There are shifts of seamstresses working on both dresses. When I checked this morning, it looked absolutely lovely. His Highness will be thrilled with the results," she said, sighing as she thought about the weddings to happen over the next two days.

"I'll take your word on it," she said and pushed her legs over the side of the bed. "Can you get me a robe?" she asked.

Alea instantly held one out to her and Dani slipped her arms inside. "There is one other item on the agenda for today," Alea mentioned, biting her lip and turning to the side.

Dani knew she wasn't going to like it if Alea didn't even want to mention it to her. "What is it?" she asked.

"The King has asked for an interview with you today."

"The King?" Dani asked, not sure what that entailed. "You mean Kalil's father?" she gasped. For some reason, the thought of speaking to Kalil's father was more intimidating than talking to a king. One was only a figurehead that really couldn't' do her any harm that she would really care about. The other was the father of the man she loved with all her heart and could do more harm than she cared to think about. What if he didn't like her? What if Kalil's father told her she couldn't' marry Kalil, baby or not. What if he made her leave the country immediately never to see Kalil again?

"Stop worrying," a deep voice said from the doorway.

Kalil stood there, looking cool and suave as he watched the expressions flit across her face. "My father is a wonderful, fair man and he wouldn't dream of hurting your feelings."

Dani's eyes took in his form greedily. "How long have you been standing there?"

"Long enough to know that you're worrying about something."

"I'm supposed to have a meeting with your father today," she said, biting her lower lip and looking at her reflection in the mirror. "Do you think I should change into something else? Maybe the white suit?" she asked.

Kalil walked up to stand in front of her so she couldn't see her reflection. "It sounds like you might care what my father thinks of you. Should I take that as a good sign?" he joked.

Dani turned around, unwilling to let him know how much she really cared. "No. This is a silly conversation and thank you for putting things back into perspective for me. I forgot that I'm already judged and found lacking so I'll just be on my silly way," she said and stormed out of the room.

"Danielle!" he called after her but Dani didn't stop walking. "Danielle stop right there," he said from the doorway of the bedroom. "Who found you lacking?" he demanded.

Dani had continued walking carefully across the room. Her hand rested on the door to their suite when she finally stopped and turned back to face him. "You did," she said quietly and blinked as she glanced back at him. With that parting comment, she walked out of the living room and quietly closed the door on his shocked expression.

Kalil could barely move and he continued to stare at the closed door, shocked that she didn't understand what he'd been trying to tell her all along. Did she really think that he found her lacking? Didn't she understand everything he'd done to get the people of Basir to accept her as their future queen?

Obviously not. She must still be under the impression that this was only a temporary marriage for the sake of their baby. He knew he'd said that earlier, before he accepted how important she was to his life. He would have to disabuse her quickly of that thinking because there was no way he was ever going to let her go.

Dani made her way carefully down the hallway towards the fitting room. She understood that she only had one day until their wedding and wasn't expecting much in regards to her dress. She expected only a simplified version of what she'd seen on the drawing yesterday.

But when she walked in, her upset stomach was the last thing on her mind as she took in the glorious dress that was hanging from a hangar in the middle of the room. The white silk bodice was covered with jewels that looked real as they glittered in the sunshine. The dress was yards and yards of white chiffon with jewels twinkling as they hid in the folds. The cut was simple and elegant but the way it glittered took Dani's breath away.

"Oh my!" she said, still standing in the doorway.

An exhausted looking Pattia appeared from behind. "Do you like it?" she asked hopefully.

"I love it, Pattia! You are an artist."

"And what about this one?" she asked, turning Dani's attention to the other wedding dress. It was a turquoise silk dress that also came to the floor but every edge was trimmed in gold braid and shimmered with gold sequins that danced in the sunlight. Dani smiled and nodded. "It's incredibly lovely as well," she answered.

Pattia sighed in relief. "I'm so glad. We just need to hem both and they are ready," she explained. "As are the other dresses that were created yesterday although not for the actual wedding but for the festivities after the ceremony on Saturday. "Come, you must try on the dresses quickly so we can make the final touches," she said and waved Dani into an enclosed area.

Two assistants helped Dani into the dress and veil and she saw herself in the mirror and was in love with the dress. "Oh Pattia, it even feels comfortable! I thought wedding dresses were supposed to be awfully uncomfortable."

"Not on my watch," Pattia said. "I've lined the dress with satin and some softer material to protect your skin. The blue dress is made almost entirely of silk so it will feel wonderful without the extra fabric. Don't worry about that."

Dani stood for only twenty minutes while the seamstresses pinned and tucked the dress around her waist, shoulders and adjusted the length. Then the white dress was taken off and the blue one put on with the same attention to detail. The blue one was much more fun and Jalla entered just as she was standing up on the pedestal for the seamstresses to adjust the length.

"You don't know anything about our wedding ceremony, do you?" Jalla asked, her face lighting up at the sight of Dani in the sparkling blue dress.

"No, is it very different from ours?"

"Oh yes! It lasts for five days in most cases and there is much dancing and singing and so much food you won't want to even see food for your entire honeymoon." Jalla continued to describe how the bride and groom walk together through the circle of guests and face each other, saying their vows in the presence of the priest and their family. The actual ceremony is very brief, lasting only about five minutes. The groom makes promises, the bride makes promises and the priest blesses the union. Afterwards, the groom escorts the bride around the room where she collects flowers from the guests as a sign of fertility and hope in the future, then the couple leads the guests to the banquet. Although the bride and groom are only present for the first feast, the guests stay for additional days of celebrating where they set up the home for the bride and groom to return to.

"But is that necessary in our case?" Dani asked, thinking the whole ceremony sounded lovely and very quaint. "Doesn't Kalil have everything he needs?"

"Well, in the case of Kalil, he'll give out the gifts instead of receiving them. Each guest will also have gifts for you from the various countries that are represented. The marriage of a royal prince of Basir is a very special event and the whole country is getting ready to celebrate. Instead of only the guests, there are special events scheduled for all over the city and in many of the villages."

"What kinds of gifts will Kalil give out?" Dani asked, stepping out of the blue dress and immediately stepping into a yellow dress that flowed around her ankles and hugged her bodice. If she was feeling better, she would have spun around to watch the delicate material float around her legs.

"Oh, the bride is never told what the gifts are. It is a special event. It is considered bad luck for the bride to know before the celebration."

"Interesting," Dani said and waited while the seamstresses fitted her with the latest gown. There were ten in all ranging in colors from every part of the rainbow. There were tailored suits with skirts or pants, flowing dresses for the evening and Pattia even pulled out stunning evening gowns.

"How many people will be at the ceremony?"

"I believe there are less than twenty at your London ceremony," Jalla said, and Dani breathed a sigh of relief. But her next words made Dani have to sit down. "And I think a little over a thousand for the Basiri wedding ceremony," she said, smothering a smile at Dani's shocked expression.

"A thousand?"

"Or more," she said. "The responses are still coming in."

"More than a thousand?" Dani gasped. "That's not possible to pull something so elaborate together in such a short period of time."

Jalla only smiled. "You don't know Kalil very well. When he wants something, he gets it. And nothing will stand in his way," she said. "I was surprised myself when I grasped the large wedding. I was initially under the impression that he wanted a small, subdued affair. Apparently I was incorrect."

Dani was concerned about the mysterious expression on the younger woman's face. "What are you not telling me?" Dani asked.

Pattia entered the room at that moment so the topic changed. Eventually they walked to the courtyard and lunch was served. There were several places set up besides the three Dani was initially expecting.

It wasn't until Dani saw Kalil and his brother walking towards the table that she understood. Dani looked down at her plate, refusing to look at Kalil or even acknowledge him. She was so angry with him right at the moment. Everyone was going to see this wedding. All her friends were going to be at the smaller wedding and she knew she would be embarrassed when she was put aside so Kalil could marry someone more acceptable.

"Good afternoon," Kalil said and sat down next to Dani. As soon as Kalil was seated, the lunch was served. It was a delicious, light meal of fresh salmon and a tossed salad with a delicious vinaigrette dressing on it. Of all the wonderful scents that arrived, Dani was more thrilled than anything when a bowl of strawberries was placed in front of her plate. Her eyes finally snapped up to Kalil's and he winked at her, forcing her face to turn red when she understood that he was behind the gesture.

She didn't mind. The craving for strawberries was too intense. She dug into them and everyone laughed, also understanding that Dani's body was under the control of hormones right now.

The talk was lively between the main players but Dani noticed that Jalla and Jasim didn't talk to each other. In fact, Jalla was acting towards Jasim exactly the way she was acting towards Kalil.

Dani decided it was time to do something about this situation. If Jalla was in love with Kalil's brother, surely it wouldn't be too awful of a situation for the two to put the contract aside and marry each other. She tried not to think what that would mean for her and Kalil. There was still the idea that she was completely inadequate to become queen in his mind.

"Will everyone be ready to leave in three hours?" Kalil asked.

"Leave?" Dani asked, wondering what he was talking about.

"Yes. We leave for London tonight," he explained.

"Why?" she asked.

With a nod, Kalil excused the rest of the group from the table. Dani watched in amazement at the power he had even over his household. "How do you do that?" she asked.

"Do what?"

"Dismiss people without saying anything."

"I don't know. It is just something that comes with the title, I supposed."

Dani shrugged that away, not really caring what the issue was. "So why are we leaving for London tonight?"

"Because you have severe morning sickness," he explained. "I thought it would be better for you to be in a hotel room by the time you go to sleep so you can sleep through the morning sickness tomorrow. The wedding is set for one o'clock in the afternoon and we'll have lunch with your friends and family before heading back here for the ceremony the following day."

Dani was touched by his thoughtfulness. "That sounds lovely," she said, looking down at her hands.

"You're still resisting this because of the future, aren't you?" he asked, putting a hand to her cheek.

"Yes. I can't help it. I don't think this is a good idea."

"I think it is a wonderful idea. Would it make you feel better if I demanded that Jalla marry my brother instead of me?"

Dani's eyes shot up to his. "You know?"

Kalil smiled slightly. "Know that my former fiancee is in love with my brother? And that the feelings are reciprocated?"

"Well, yes...actually," Dani replied, miffed that he was so observant. "You never gave away any clue that you noticed."

"There are many things I notice," he replied. "For instance, I noticed that you were very quiet all through the lunch and only ate strawberries while pretending to pick at your other food. I also noticed that you have a wonderful smile that has been missing for the past few days. Could it be that you are in love with me and afraid to allow those feelings to flourish?"

Dani shoved back her chair and stood up. "Don't tease me, Kalil. It isn't fair."

She felt him move behind her. "Why do you think I'm teasing you?"

Dani snorted. "Let's face it. You have just about anything you want and if you don't, all you have to do is ask. And now you have one more woman falling at your feet."

"Are you the woman falling at my feet, Danielle?"

"Yes. But I'm trying to get up and stop the pathetic display."

"I don't think it is pathetic."

"Of course you don't. You love having people fawn over you," she sniffed, wishing she could hold back the tears that were threatening to fall. "But I won't let you hurt me," she said strongly. "It isn't fair."

"I love you as well," he said, turning her to face him just as a tear slipped over her lower lashes. "I love you with all my heart," he said.

"You do?" she asked.

"Of course I do. Why do you think I was out of my mind searching for you the day you tried to run away from me? Why do you think I made you move into my rooms?"

"To keep an eye on me," she said, taking a deep breath.

He shook his head. "No. I could have had you guarded by my personal body guards. I wanted you near me. It was too much to slip away from you every night. I wanted you by my side, day and night."

Dani looked away. "If you loved me, you'd really want to marry me. It wouldn't be for this baby."

"I want you completely. The baby was only justification for keeping you close. Don't think there is any other reason."

"But we can't be together, Kalil. You've already told me that."

"I was a fool," he ground out. "I didn't like the hold you had over me. You ruled my mind and my body. I'd never lost control like I had with you and I didn't like it. I used the excuse of only marrying you for a short period of time so I could convince myself that I was my own man. It is a hard feeling to know that someone else has control of your mind and heart. Give me time. I promise I'll be a bit less dense in the future."

For the first time in a long time, Dani started to feel hope. "Really?" she whispered.

"Really. Now do you think you could admit how you feel for me? Since we're getting married in the morning, I'd really like to kiss you and let you know exactly how I feel," he said.

"Please feel free," she laughed, the tears streaming down her face but they were tears of happiness now. She was feeling incredibly free and wonderful. "You really love me?" she asked, putting her arms around his shoulders.

"Completely enslaved by you," he said a moment before his mouth captured hers.

"I love you too," she said as he picked her up in his arms and carried her down the palace hallways toward their rooms.

Chapter 13

Dani stood in the center of the room, surrounded by her family, friends, co-workers, presidents and dignitaries from all over the world. She was dressed in the blue dress with her hair covered with matching blue silk and small gold disks dancing around her face, hands and wrists. Smiling up at the gorgeous man, she thought back to the day before when there were less than twenty five people witnessing her vows to this man. He'd been dressed in morning gray and she'd worn the beautiful white wedding dress. But even now, as she listened to Kalil express his words of love and vows of security and care, she felt more married now when he expressed his own vows than during the traditional vows that she'd always thought would bind her to her husband.

"I love you with all my heart," she said in Arabic back to him. At the end of the ceremony, Kalil escorted her around the room. Within moments, her arms were filled with lovely, fragrant flowers of all shapes and sizes. And there were still more to come! It was so wonderful she could barely even breathe for fear that she might wake up from her dream.

Later that night as she lay naked in the security of Kalil's arms, she whispered, "I love you," again, then was greeted by the words and his strong arms closing around her. He truly was the prince of her dreams.

