Prologue

Your Majesty:

I am sorry to ask you for advice but I have no one to turn to at this point. I have used up all of my resources trying to resolve the situation but nothing has fixed the problem. I am imposing upon your letter of years ago where you offered help raising Electra after her father's untimely death.

Simply put, the child is out of control. She is running with the wrong crowd and, as she reaches her teen years, I fear for her safety and her future. If her father were around, I would trust that he would know how to stop her dangerous behavior. But since his death five years ago, Electra has just become more and more unmanageable.

I understand that she is hurting from the loss of her last parent, but I can't seem to get through to her and teach her to stop. In my old age, I fear I am unable to provide more than love and kisses, which isn't up to the task any longer.

Any advice would be wonderful.

Sincerely,

Edna Knight

Electra's Grandmother

"You called, father?" Dharran Rashid Abbas, Sheik of Sandura asked as he walked into his father"s private study.

"Yes," the king said weakly. "Sit down," he waved to a chair beside his bed.

Dharr immediately sat down, pulling the blanket higher over his father"s chest, the worry eating into him while he maintained a calm exterior for his father"s benefit.

"Read this," the king said, handing the letter to Dharr. Dharr read through the words quickly, then glanced at his father. "This is your ward? The girl you have been caring forsince the incident?"

"Yes. The bullet was meant for me but her father selflessly dove in front of me, protecting me at the cost of his own life."

No expression came over Dharr"s face, but the assassination attempt had dramatically changed his way of looking at security issues. "The mother died years earlier, correct?"

"That"s correct. It will be up to you to ensure for this girl"s safety now." Dharr suppressed the horror that his father"s words provoked inside him. He shook his head confidently. "No father, you will survive this bout just as you have all the others. You need to have hope and be strong."

The king smiled wanly but then became serious again. "You owe her your life as well. Without the sacrifice of her father, you would have been king years ago. Now that you have had time, you are ready to carry on the throne. You are strong and powerful which would not have been the case if I had died that time.Her father"s sacrifice allowed me more time to guide you and teach you about the world and ruling our kingdom."

"You are still strong," Dharr commanded sternly as if the force of his voice could make it so.

The king took his son"s hand earnestly, wanting to make sure the responsibility was understood. "Listen, my son. You must protect this girl as I have done. She is now your ward. She has only her grandmother. There is money being sent for her care every month but if she ever needs anything else, you must ensure that she is cared for and protected."

"I will see to it, father," Dharr said immediately.

"The grandparents are very nice, but are also older than I am. They can"t be expected to turn this wild child into a presentable adult. It will be up to you. They will give her the love she needs. You will give her the protection."

"Yes, father," Dharr agreed. "I will set someone upon the task this afternoon."

"Good." The king"s eyes shut and Dharr froze in his seat until he noticed the slight rise and fall of his father"s chest. Breathing more easily, Dharr stood up and walked quietly out of the bedroom and down the palace hallways to his own office.

Handing the letter to his aide, he said, "Put some body guards on this woman. Her name is Electra Knight. I believe she is about sixteen years old. The guards should protect her around the clock and pull her out of any trouble she gets into. She should be guarded as if she were my sister."

The aide quickly took the letter while efficiently writing down the instructions at the same time, nodding his head as well. "I will make it happen."

"Tonight," Dharr said.

"Yes, Your Highness." Chapter 1

Eight Years Later

Electra Knight stood in the small but elegant restaurant feeling nervous but determined. "This has to work," she whispered to herself before taking a sip of hot coffee. The caffeine immediately went to her system, giving her an alertness she"d been lacking earlier. The stress of preparing for this meeting, and all it could do for her future, had kept her up last night worrying.

Looking straight ahead , she went through her speech one more time although she"d rehearsed it over and over again. She didn"t look to her right or left, knowing the sight of the bulky men seated at nearby tables would only make her furious and resentful. She needed all her wits about her in order to make this work and negative emotions would only fog her brain.

She had only five minutes with King Dharr Abbas. Five minutes to convince the man to get rid of the guards. They were destroying her life and driving her crazy in the meantime.

Pulling the newspaper forward, she idly skimmed through the front page articles. She was a half hour early for her appointment and she really should check the job openings. Unfortunately, her focus was not on the words describing possible jobs but on her upcoming interviewwith the man who"s orders had destroyed what little was left of her normal childhood. He"d stolen her father"s life and then, in an attempt to ease a guilty conscience, had placed guards on her around the clock. As if the guards could take the place of the man she"d lost! It was ridiculous and she had to make it stop before more of her life was turned upside down by the ridiculous guards.

Eight years ago, the men had showed up unexpectedly at a party she"d been att ending. It had been horribly embarrassing since she was playing spin the bottle and was thrilled when the bottle had stopped spinning on Danny Miller, the cutest boy in school. She was just about to lean over and kiss him when one of the men came down into the basement where they were playing the relatively innocent game.

The man standing at the bottom of the stairs didn"t do anything at all. He simply stood there, his arms crossed over his chest watching Electra. All the others in the room were completely intimidated, as she was but Electra was the only one willing to stand there and question the man.

"Excuse me, what can we do for you?" she asked, planting her hands on her slender, sixteen year old hips.

"I"m here at the request of your grandmother and Prince Abbas." Electra"s jaw immediately dropped. "Are you serious?" At the time, the prince"s name only reminded her of the man her father had worked for and lost his life for, taking a bullet meant for the king. Resentment welled up inside her at the representative of the man who, in her teenage mind, had killed her father.

"Absolutely, miss," the man said, his face impassive as he looked down at her.

"For what purpose?" she demanded, irritated immediately at her grandmother"s interference. King What"s-His-Name was only a face in a far away country. Her grandmother was here, close by and therefore, Electra determined that she was a much better target than a faceless ruler.

The guard at the bottom of the stairs looked at her impassively, not impressed with her teenage hostility. "I am here to protect you. From yourself if necessary," he clarified, his eyes moving to the teens behind her.

Electra didn"t like the sound of that. "My grandmother requested a goon to stand watch over me? That"s ridiculous. I can take care of myself." Her tone was purposefully insulting but the man didn"t even blink.

"I believe your grandmother thought differently," was all he said, his dark eyes looking across to her with no emotion.

Her fists balled up under her arms and she considered punching the man, but his bulging muscles would probably protect him. "And do I have any say in this matter? I mean," she harrumphed, looking back at her friends and Danny in particular to gain support, "no one here is going to do anything wrong," she lied.

The man didn"t respond.

His silence only infuriated her more. Electra was known throughout school as someone who spoke her mind, was daring and challenged authority. This was obviously not going as it normally would. "Well, what"s your name?" she asked, mimicking his crossed arms, her anger increasing several notches with his uncommunicative demeanor and inability to be intimidated or even irritated by her attitude. Usually, she was quite adept at producing some sort of emotion in all the people she met, either frustration, irritation or outright anger. She liked that one the best. People"s guard comes down when they are angry and she could get away with more things.

"You may call me Micka."

Electra eyed the man carefully for a long moment. "You work for me?"

"In a sense," he responded. "Good," she brightened, her face breaking out into a bright smile. "Then head on upstairs and wait for me there. I"ll be up in a while."

The man didn"t return her smile. He simply stood his ground, unblinking as he watched her.

Her hands dropped and she waved them forward as if he were a heard of sheep she was trying to get out of the road. "Go on! Get out! I don"t want you down here," she said, becoming embarrassed that the man was intimidating her friends, and more importantly, Danny. When he didn"t move, she got angry. "What? Are you some sort of baboon? Get out of here! This isn"t your house. You can"t be here like this."

Her best friend cleared her throat. "Ellie, maybe we should all head home," she suggested from behind Electra.

That only roused her temper more. She"d probably missed her opportunity to experience her first kiss, but there were always other opportunities and she meant to make one here, tonight, with Danny! "No. This is ridiculous. This man shouldn"t be here. I have no need of his protection so he should go. Not us."

The other boys and two other girls laughed selfconsciously. One of them said, "Electra, I"m not sure how you"re going to get that man to move, but I"d better head home. I have homework to do."

The others chimed in with similar excuses and Micka moved slightly to the right, allowing them to ascend the bare, wooden stairs to the main level of the house.

"Fine," Electra spat out. "I"d better get home as well." She walked around the man, unsure of what he would do to follow her. She pulled her keys out of her purse and offered a wan smile to her friend. "I"m sorry about this. I"ll get it straightened out with Gran."

Electra walked up the stairs sadly, knowing that her chance with Danny was gone. There might be others, but this one was lost and it was painfully embarrassing.

Out in the cool, autumn evening, she looked back at Micka and smiled secretly. With her keys in her hands, she unlocked her dilapidated car and dove inside. Slamming the keys into the ignition, she turned it over and sped away as quickly as possible.

Racing through the drowsy streets, she sped along, eager to lose the man who had ruined her kiss with Danny, the man of her dreams.

Unfortunately, luck was not on her side. As soon as she turned the corner, the sirens and lights started flashing in her rear view mirror. "Oh, no!" she said to the darkness. Pulling over, sheknew it wouldn"t be a good idea to try and out-race the police. Adding insult to injury, the black Land Rover pulled up behind the police officer. Without letting her into the conversation, Micka and the police officer spoke softly. Electra tried to hear the conversation with her window rolled down but nothing came along. She was hoping Micka was convincingthe officer that she shouldn"t get a ticket. Could he? Would he?

No luck.

"May I see your license and registration, Miss?" the officer said sternly.

Fifteen minutes later, the officer came forward again, handing her the ticket for reckless driving. A moment later, Micka was opening the door to her car and pushing her into the passenger seat. "I"ll drive," he said and started the engine, waving to the officer who immediately laughed before getting back into his cruiser.

"What are you doing?" Electra demanded.

"Put your seatbelt on," was Micka"s only reply.

First the lost kiss, the not-lost ticket, the shoving aside and now an order?"No!" she said adamantly.

He didn"t even shrug as he said calmly, "Then we sit here until you do."

Electra"s mouth dropped open. "You can"t do that!"

Micka did not respond. He simply waited, staring out the front window with teeth grinding patience.

The battle of wills was soon won that night, but Electra was unwilling to accept defeat in the war. Unfortunately, she didn"t know that twenty-four hour surveillance had been posted on her. She discovered that night that sneaking out of her window was a pointless endeavor. As she climbed out the window and shimmied down the tree, strong arms reached up and simply plucked her from the lowest branch, then tossed her over his shoulder and carried her right back to her room.

There were five different body guards that protected her, drove her to and from school since the reckless driving incident had her license revoked for two years, and worst of all, rode with her on her very few dates that happened after that night.

In college, they slept in a dorm room across the hallway from her and followed her to all her classes. They waited outside the rooms for her to re-emerge, sat at other tables in the library, close but not too close. They tailed her on her dates and made her life safe, but utterly miserable.

She went through college and graduate school, all with perfect grades since none of her friends could convince her to defy her guards and non dared to contradict the men who forced her to study when they thought she was mis-behaving. They tested her on all her classes, pushing her harder than the professors to succeed.

Now, it was all down to this meeting with a man she"d never met and had grown to hate over the years. She had learned to accept her guards, had even grown to understand their position and respect their abilities. But she"d never liked the fact that they were there, always with her, always protecting and pushing her. They were all wonderful men, but she hated the imposition they were putting on her lifestyle. She"d just wanted a normal life and that had been impossible with personal body guards two feet away.

And now that she was ready to enter the workforce, she couldn"t very well go to a job interview with one of them tailing behind her. She"d never get a job. Every employer would be completely intimidated by the fact that she was protected around the clock.

"Electra! I"m over here," Susan Reyes called out from the small coffee shop, waving her hand.

Electra spied her friend and walked through the tables, a bright smile lighting up her face. "Look at you!" she exclaimed, eyeing her friend"s business suit and name plate that announced she was a lead clerk for the hotel. "I"m so impressed!" she cried out, swallowing the jealousy that surged up. She was genuinely happy for her friend, but also wished for the same kind of opportunities.

Susan laughed. "Don"t worry. You"ll get your chance. You"re going to be wonderfully convincing in your meeting in a little while." She smiled as she looked across the small, linen covered table at her friend. "And let me just say that your choice of outfits is smashing! The pink color looks wonderful with your skin tone and brings out the green in your eyes."

Electra glanced down at her suit and smoothed the pink wool covering her lap. "Are you sure it"s okay? I changed about four times, the outfits ranging from defiant jeans to a severe black pant suit."

Susan nodded her head emphatically and poured Electra some coffee from the decanter already on the table. "It"s perfect. The pink will show him you"re not afraid of your feminine side but the cut of the suit demonstrates that you"re smart and mean business."

Electra sighed and grimaced slightly. "I"m not sure I wanted to show him my feminine side. That might be a mistake."

"Nonsense. You look great." Electra smiled at the encouragement and changed the subject. No matter what she was wearing, it was too late to change now. She was meeting King Abbas in an hour and it had taken her forty five minutes to get here as it was.

Knowing that worrying about her outfit was a futile exercise, she quickly changed the subject. "So tell me about this new boyfriend of yours," she said, adding cream and sugar to her coffee.

Susan"s eyes closed as if she"d just taken a bite of rich , darkchocolate. "Oh, he"s just wonderful. His name is Barry and he"s an accountant for one of the big firms. We met at last week"s happy hour and I have found over the past seven days that he"s a wonderfully charming man, full of intelligence and humor and makes me feel all giddy inside."

Electra sighed with longing. "Was that the one at O"Hooligan"s? I didn"t notice you with anyone last week," she said.

Her friend"s eyes shuttered. "You left early," Susan replied carefully, knowing this was a touchy subject.

Electra grimaced again. "I had to. Micha was scaring everyone away." Her comment only made her more resolute to make sure the meeting today worked out the way she planned.

Susan nodded and tried to hide her expression. "He"s a little intimidating."

Clearing away the irritation over her guards " imposing disposition, she changed the subject back to something more interesting. "How many dates have you been on with this new Mr. Wonderful?"

Susan smiled and her eyes glowed with excitement. "We"ve been out with each other every day and night for the past week," she enthused. "He meets me for lunch and we talk and laugh about our days," she explained, closing her eyes as she thought back to her dates with Mr. Wonderful, "then he picks me up after work and we either go out to dinner or we cook at each other"s flats. He"s incredibly romantic."

Electra"s eyes widened in fascination. "Nights?" she confirmed.

Susan nodded emphatically. "Yes! He"s a great lover. Very generous and sweet."

"You went home with him that first night?" she asked again, trying to hide her shock. She was fascinated as well, wishing she had that option with men. But her guard would never allow that to happen. She was well protected, to the point that she was now twenty four years old and the closest she got to having sex was reading about it in Greek or Roman mythology. Electra sighed. "I"m so jealous!"

Susan laughed. "Another hour and you"ll be with your guardian to explain the situation. Don"t worry, everything will be fine once you simply tell himthat you"re an adult and can make your own decisions without the interference of your guards."

Electra looked down at her coffee and sighed heavily. "I hope so. I"d do just about anything to have a real relationship with a man."

Susan leaned forward, glancing carefully back at the guard sitting several tables away to make sure they couldn"t hear her next question. "Have you ever kissed someone, Electra?"

Electra"s eyes sharpened with frustration and resentment. And not a small amount of embarrassment either. "No. About eight years ago, I almost had the chance with a very cute boy but that"s the day Micha showed up. Ever since then, no man has ever ventured out on a second date with me." Electra knew that being twenty four and never having experienced a kiss was very, very odd.

Susan shook her head in disgust. "That"s awful, and so unfair! How are you supposed to find a guy when none are willing to get close to you?"

"Exactly. I"d do just about anything at this point."

"Even marriage?"

Electra reared back in horror. "No way!" she exclaimed, laughing slightly. "I"m not going into a marriage without knowing the man. Look at how many relationships our friends have had, trying to find the man of their dreams?"

Susan didn"t need to be convinced. She was of the group that thought women should live and have fun before settling down with one man for the rest of her life. "Exactly! You don"t really know a guy until you"ve lived with him for a while. You have to sample the product before you can buy," she teased. "Truths come out with familiarity."

Electra nodded her head, agreeing completely with her friend"s words. "I don"t want to get married even if I find Mr. Wonderful. I"ve been protected to the point of being stifled. I"d like to live a little before I dive into marriage and responsibility."

"Is Jasmine still dating Tom?" Susan asked.

They discussed their other friends for the remainder of the time before Susan had to go back on duty. Electra stayed at the table and picked up the newspaper that had been laying on the table next to her. She pulled out the classifieds, skimming the listings to see if there was anything she might qualify for. But just as it had before, her mind wandered, thinking about the meeting that was about to happen in less than twenty minutes.

This meeting today was so important. It was the first time she"d get to actually meet the man who had made her life so miserable. She had to push her resentment away and focus on her arguments. If she didn"t get her emotions under control, she wouldn"t be able to convince the man to ease up the guard that had been assigned to her. She couldn"t go on job interviews because employers and potential boyfriends alike were intimidated with the guards standing behind her. None would stay outside the building or even outside the interview room. She"d given up trying to get a job a year ago, and continued to attend university classes. She now had three undergraduate degrees and a master"s degree in early education. None of them doing her any good since she couldn"t use them. Chapter 2

King Abbas walked out of the ballroom with his normal determined stride. "What is next?" he asked his aide who was following beside him. The conference he"d just left had been tedious but since he"d been the featured speaker, he had to attend. He smoothed his blue tie down over his crisp white shirt and unbuttoned the black jacket. He was impatient to have this day over with so he could move on to more pressing business. Diplomatic travel, although necessary, still felt like an imposition on his time.

"You are meeting next with your ward, Your Highness," he said, reading efficiently off of the electronic hand held device that maintained Dharr"s daily activities. "She is scheduled to be here in twenty minutes. I have not heard that she has arrived yet."

Dharr nodded his head. "Fine." He glanced down at his watch. "See if she can meet me now. Then call the plane and make sure we"ll be able to take off early. I want to be in Paris by dinner," he said, thinking about his mistress and her soft, full curves. He had meetings in Paris that would last most of the next day but he was looking forward to a relaxing evening with a soft, willing woman. His eyes narrowed slightly when he thought of Dominique. This would have to be his last liaison with her. She was becoming too demanding, wanting more than he was willing to give her. Her soft curves were nice enough, but her temper was not to be allowed. Dharr expected all of his mistresses to be soft and yielding, a place for him to release the stress of his title and obligations. Not to add to them.

He was just about to give his aide additional instructions when his eye caught sight of the slender beauty sitting in the hotel"s restaurant. Her long, black hair cascaded over her shoulders like a stream of silk, ending in the middle of her back. She was sitting straight, her back not touching the back of the chair and her profile was startling with high cheekbones and a long, elegant neckline. Her soft, pink suit hid her curves but he suspected that she would be delightfully endowed.

"Hold off on that call," he said, vaguely aware that his aide immediately shut the cell phone and fell back slightly.

Dharr walked forward, his experienced eyes noting other features in the lovely woman that further piqued his interest. Her soft, green eyes were dreamy, staring off into space and her full, sensuous lips were slightly parted, as if she were thinking of her lover. Within the space of a few moments, Dharr determined that he was going to be that man. His mind was already considering the details of how to insert her into the Paris apartment and move the demanding Dominique out. It never occurred to him that this incredible beauty might resist. Women did not resist. Ever. If a part of him wanted a challenge where women were concerned, he pushed it aside, cynically knowing that women were after his title, or his wealth, or both and none were very concerned about anything else.

The idea passed through his mind quickly but he continued to work on the details as he weaved his way through the tables toward her. His eyes took in her lovely face, her perfect skin and green eyes that looked like soft moss after an early spring rain shower. Yes, she would suit his needs perfectly, he told himself.

"Excuse me, but may I buy you another cup of coffee?" he asked.

Electra looked up and was startled by the appearance of the man in front of her table. But this wasn"t just any man. This Adonis was gorgeous with swarthy, olive skin and almost black eyes that perfectly matched his black hair. His lips were thin but somehow managed to portray a feeling of sensuousness that struck something deep down inside of her. His nose was patrician, hawklike even and she could tell that the man"s lithe body contained muscles underneath the perfectly tailored dark suit.

But it wasn"t his physical attributes that sent all of her nerves to tingling alert. It was something about the man that just shrieked danger. Her mind was screaming run away as fast as possible. But the feminine side of her, the side that craved some sort of male attention that had been denied to her for so long, was crying out for more of this dynamic, dangerous man"s attention. All of the men she"d casually been interested in before paled beside this man"s forceful aura.

When he raised an eyebrow, she realized that she"d been sitting here staring at him for much longer than it was necessary to respond to his query. "I"m sorry," she gasped. "Coffee," she repeated, looking down at her now empty cup, then back up into his face. "Yes. That would be lovely," she sighed and was thrilled when he sat down across from her. It wasn"t that he smiled, but something in his eyes softened slightly.

He introduced himself as Dharr but nothing more so when he took her hand gently in his, she only replied, "Ellie," too confused to remember her given name when his touch was turning her mind to mush.

"What is a beautiful woman like you doing looking for a job?" he asked, raising a hand to the waiter that instantly appeared at his elbow. He put in an order for a fresh pot of coffee then turned back to Electra.

Flustered, Electra quickly folded the listing of classified ads and shoved it down by her feet. "Oh, you know, always on the lookout for something new," she replied, hoping she appeared to be a normal person with normal problems like finding a different job. Nervously, she glanced around and noted that Gerard, her guard assigned to her today, had melted back to a table farther away and had his back turned to her. Relieved by this unprecedented action on his part, she smiled more brightly at the man, wondering what it was about him that assured her guard that she could be trusted when all the others had been instantly intimidated by her guard coming closer.

"You"re husband should be ashamed of himself for forcing you to work." "Oh, I"m not married," she said and took a sip of her coffee. She held the grimace at the dark liquid, too embarrassed to put cream or sugar into her coffee. She didn"t want to appear silly and childish to the man who drank his black.

"Boyfriend?" he questioned.

"No. No one," she said, her eyelids lowering in an effort to cover the anger in her eyes at that status.

She heard the soft chuckle at her reply. "Gauging from the expression you are trying to hide, there"s more to the story. Perhaps you have just broken up with your boyfriend?"

Electra was stunned by the man"s perceptiveness. "No. Nothing like that," she said, but not going further to explain that she"d never had a boyfriend. Creamy, sweet coffee and absolutely no experience with men would not create the sophisticated woman of the world image she was hoping to project. "Are you married?" she asked tentatively.

He smiled slightly. "Alas, no woman will have me," he teased.

Electra laughed, her eyes skimming over his dark, handsome features and his tall, athletic body and shook her head. "As you said, I"m guessing there"s more to that story than you"re probably willing to talk about. Am I correct?"

Instead of answering her, he took her hand and turned it over. "You"re hands are soft, so you don"t work with them too often. What does a lovely woman like you do during the daytime hours?" he asked.

She raised her eyebrow in challenge. "Perhaps I work nights," she suggested, then blushed at the suggestion that she might be a prostitute. "I mean..." she stammered, "I don"t...that is..." she stopped when he laughed softly.

"I know you aren"t," he assured her suavely.

She pulled her hand away, miffed for some bizarre reason. "How can you be so sure?" she asked, her chin going up a notch defiantly. "I could be," she said. "Are you saying I don"t have what it takes to lure men into my bed?" she asked, cursing her lack of experience and the blush that crept up her neck to her cheeks.

He held her gaze for a long time, amusement lighting his eyes. Finally he leaned back and said, "If you were a prostitute, you would not be in this hotel," he explained. "Secondly, ladies of the night don"t wear pretty pink suits. Pink implies romance and femininity. Women who sell their bodies wear red or black to promote sexual awareness or mystery."

Sighing, she shook her head in defeat. "I suppose you"re right. Well, live and learn," she said with resignation. She hated being wrong, and it cut deeply right now, with this dynamic man who obviously knew so much about the world.

He threw back hishead and laughed. "Are you saying you will rise to the challenge of selling your beautiful body to the highest bidder?"

Electra smiled, feeling as if his laughter were a rare gift. "No. I don"t think I could do that to my grandmother. Her Anglican upbringing would be horrified."

He chuckled again. "I don"t imagine many parents are proud of their children aspiring to become a paid woman. I believe it is done out of a sense of desperation or other factors that don"t seem to apply in your case."

"Youhave a point," she conceded, but her past made the admission somewhat depressing.

"So now that we"ve established that you"re not headed into the oldest profession, what direction are you headed, careerwise?" he asked. He knew which direction he was going to head her, straight to his bed, he thought. The more he talked to her, the more enchanted he was. Prostitute, indeed! Inwardly, he was still laughing at this tiny female"s audacity.

"I would love to teach children," she said.

Her admission surprised him. She was exceptionally beautiful but he knew that if he"d had a teacher this lovely, he would have studied much harder, just to impress her. "What"s stopping you?" he asked.

Electra smiled broadly. "A stupid, irritating, overbearing jerk who wants to rule my life and make me absolutely miserable," she said then bit her tongue, wishing those bitter words hadn"t been uttered. An explanation would reveal too much and this man was probably only after one thing, the same exact thing she was after, she thought. A night of passion. She suspected that making love with this man would be spectacular but she couldn"t diminish the potential by being silly and childish, she reminded herself.

"Since you don"t have a husband or a boyfriend, that comment can only be directed towardyour father," he assumed.

Electra didn"t contradict him and ignored the pain that slanted through her heart at the mention of her father. After more than twelve years, she still missed him terribly. It was just another point against the obnoxious king who had ruined her life.

"What do you do?" she asked. "Maybe I should get into that business." "Why would you want to get into my profession?" he asked, sidestepping the question out of habit.That didn"t stop his surprise that she didn"t recognize him though. It further intensified his interest.

She shrugged delicately and her eyes noticed that his dropped to the small V in her suit jacket. The realization sent a small thrill down through her entire body. "If you"re in this hotel, you"re doing well so it must be lucrative."

"Is that all you want? Money?" he asked gently.

Electra laughed, thinking about the bank account that was now into the millions since she hated touching the income from the king. Her monthly allowance was blood money, sent each month to absolve a man of his guilt for killing her father. "It doesn"t motivate me, if that"s what you"re asking."

"But you"re looking for something lucrative as a career choice."

Electra smiled but it was more self-deprecating. "No, actually, I"d like to teach. That means that I"ll never be wealthy in a financial sense."

He nodded his head, hiding his concern. He didn"t want this lovely, luscious woman to have principles. It would be that much more difficult to get her to agree to become his mistress. He had preferred the more monetary approach. It was always more straightforward and easy. But he didn"t back down from the challenge. Somehow, the idea that she wanted to teach children only made him want her more. And he always got what he wanted.

"Perhaps there is more to life than money," he said.

"That"s what all the teacher"s I"ve spoken to have said. They are in it for the success of their students and the achievement in helping each of them learn something new. Monetary rewards are way down the list."

He raised an eye at her response. "Doesn"t that daunt you away from the career?"

She tilted her head to the side as she responded."No. In fact, the more I talk to teachers who work in the field, the more I want to teach."

"You seem very passionate about the idea," he said and his awareness of the woman increased when he saw her eyes flare with his words. Good, she wanted him. The idea was never in doubt. Women never turned him down. He wasn"t vain, he just knew that the power of his title and his enormous wealth were a powerful aphrodisiac. He didn"t consider himself all that tough on the eyes either.

"Yes. I"m passionate," she said, leaving it at that without any further explanation. Let him take her statement as he wanted to.

"What else are you passionate about?" he asked, rising to the bait.

Electra stifled a giggle. This was her first attempt at seduction and she didn"t want to blow it. Perhaps this one man, with his toughness and aura of danger and mystery, would ignore the intimidation tactics of Micha, Jamil and Gerrard. Instead of stating the obvious, she bit her lower lip enticingly, looked up at the ceiling for a moment, then glanced back down at him. "Romans," she said emphatically.

She was glad to see him blink, surprised at her answer.

"Romans?" he repeated, obviously caught off-guard.

"Yes. I love Roman history. Greek history is also amazing but I love Roman history the best. The gods and goddesses, the wars, the conquering heroes, the passion of the people for learning and all the horrible and amazing discoveries and inventions that came out of that period simply inspire me."

The slow smile that spread across his mouth made her breath catch in her throat. And when he started to discuss the various Greek and Roman gods and goddesses with her and their contributions and impacts on today"s world, she could barely contain her enthusiasm. She had no concept of the passing of time, only of this man and the incredible amount of knowledge he held inside of him. He presented ideas she"d never considered about history and he made her mind scramble to keep up with him. She was challenged as she"d never been in her dry university classes and she was more thrilled than she could ever imagine being.

When a gray suited man slipped a note to her companion, she glanced down at her watch and gasped. "Oh, no! Is it really already passed two o"clock?" she gasped. Her appointment with her guardian had been over an hour ago. "I have to go," she said and quickly stood up, grabbing her purse, forgetting the list of job openings by her chair. Sticking out her hand, she offered it in a half hearted attempt at the social niceties, but her mind was already on an argument to present to her guardian for her unforgivable tardiness for their meeting. It had taken over a year to manage getting this appointment. How long would it be before she could wrangle another one into his painfully busy schedule.

"Thank you for a great afternoon but I must go," she said and almost pulled her hand back when he didn"t immediately take it in his. But his warm, strong fingers wrapped around her smaller one and all her panic disappeared. The rest of the world receded and she looked up, and up again, into the man"s dangerous eyes. She couldn"t pull her hand away, and now, she didn"t want to. Her whole body had forgotten her missed meeting and was now focused on her previous intent of seducing this man, having him initiate her into the world of love making. Her hand tingled and her body seemed to be shaking and he wasn"t touching anything but her fingers with one hand and her wrist with the other. "Have dinner with me tonight," he said and she heard the order in his voice. It wasn"t a question, it was a command. She suspected this man was always obeyed and a part of her, the rebellious side that had fought almost constantly against her protectors for the first several years, rose up and started to say no simply because it was an order instead of a request. But the side of her that was intrigued beyond measure by the man"s touch, his gaze, the promise behind his eyes, overrode her rebellion and accepted his command.

"Yes," she replied.

"Good. Give me your address and I"ll have a car pick you up," he said.

Electra floundered. He couldn"t show up at her place, the guards would follow and she was hoping, just this once, she could outsmart them and be alone tonight. Sure, Dharr was strong enough and confident enough that he probably wouldn"t be intimidated. But did she want to take that chance? Glancing down at the man"s magnificent physique, she knew the answer was no. This was her chance at a glorious introduction and she was going to take it.

"Um..." she thought quickly. "How about if I meet you somewhere?" she suggested. Maybe the old bathroom trick would work this time. She hasn"t tried to slip away from her guards in years. Maybe they were lulled into a false sense of security.

Everything inside Dharr fought against releasing control of this situation and this slender beauty. If she would give him her address, he would know how to move forward, could have her investigated and find out her strengths and weaknesses. He was more determined than ever to have this woman in his bed. What was more intriguing than just his sexual desire for her, he wanted to learn all about her personally. That was definitely a first. So far, he knew several things. She hated her coffee black but hewasn"t sure why she drank it that way, she loved history, she had a rebellious streak that would be exciting to tame and she was physically attracted to him. Usually, this was more than he knew of his other mistresses and he preferred it that way. This would be a different situation on many levels, he suspected.

"Give me your address, Ellie. I"ll send a car for you," he said and moved closer, a hand reaching out to touch her elbow and his shoulders blocked off the rest of the room. He wanted all of her attention focused on him.

Electra looked up at him, sure the desire she felt for him was evident in her eyes but unable to control it, this overwhelming feeling being new to her. "I can"t give you my address." She pulled an old receipt from her wallet and a pen, then wrote down her cell phonenumber. "Here. Tell me where to meet you and what time and I"ll be there. I"m sorry," she said, genuine regret emanating from her eyes as she took a step back, "I must go. I"m very late for an important meeting."

Dharr watched as she walked through the restaurant, his body reacting to the gentle sway of her hips as she weaved through the tables. He felt more than he saw, his aide standing next to him. Handing the receipt to him he said, "Find out who owns this cell phone number quickly and get all the information on her. Her first name is Ellie."

"And her last name?" Jamil said, his pen hesitating above the piece of paper.

Dharr cursed under his breath. "I don"t know," he said viciously, his eyes still watching as she walked out of the hotel lobby, already talking on the cell phone. How could he have forgotten to get her last name?"I don"t know. Find out for me."

The man nodded and wrote down some information before looking back up at him. "Perhaps I have some good news, Your Highness."

Dharr walked out of the hotel, impatient to move on to the rest of his meetings so he could relax for the evening. His mind was already planning her seduction and he only allowed half his mind to listen to Jamil while the more important half was slowly stripping the sexy woman"s clothes off her body. "What"s that?" he asked impatiently, stepping into the waiting limousine, completely unaware of the body guards slipping into the front seat and into the black SUVs in front of and behind the limousine.

"Ms. Knight apparently did not show up for her appointment with you," Jamil said, aware that his boss"s mind was not focused on the present. Although he wasn"t sure what it could be focused on, which confused the aide. His employer was extremely conscientious of his duties and never let his personal life interfere with more important priorities. There had only been the one woman for the past hour, so what could be breaking his attention? King Abbas would never let his concentration slip for a mere woman, Jamil thought to himself.

But his aide was incorrect. Dharr"s mind was picturing her in a red thong and red lace bra. No, he changed his mind, knowing that the woman didn"t seem right wearing red. Pink? No, too soft. Although she"d worn a pink suit today, he doubted she"d wear pink underwear. She would probably consider that color a weakness. Black? Did she have that kind of courage? He hoped so.

"Yes, sire. We tried calling her house but her grandmother said she"d left for your meeting with plenty of time. Having received that information, we called her guards who assured me that she"d shown up for the meeting. It seemed odd, their response."

Dharr didn"t care what was odd about the irritating ward so he didn"t reply. Blue? Perhaps. Yes, the more he considered it, he suspected she"d wear blue. It would look perfect with her long hair tangling across his pillow, high heels and a garter belt. He"d leave those on, he thought. But nothing else.

"Inform the chef I"ll be having a guest for dinner," he said, his body hardening with the mental image he"d formed in his mind.

Chapter 3

Electra dialed the number one more time, praying she"d reach someone this time. "Hello?" she said when an efficient sounding gentleman answered the phone. "Yes, this is Electra Knight. I was supposed to meet with King Abbas this afternoon," she explained, her whole body tense as she waited for the response. When there was none, she continued on. "Well, anyway, I"m afraid something came up and I was unable to make that appointment. When would be the next available time?" she asked, holding her breath as she waited for a time slot a year in advance. Please let it be sooner, she prayed.

She was horrified by the response. The man"s schedule was booked up completely for the foreseeable future? "Never? I"m sorry, that"s just not possible. Either I have to speak with the man or you have to pull these guards off my duty," she demanded, her whole body tensing with the answer. "That"s not possible! Please, just give him the message that I called and tell him I"ll meet him anywhere in the world at his convenience. It doesn"t have to be London. I"ll even be on standby for him somewhere."

She waited, fighting the tears that threatened to drop over her la shes. "You"ll consult his calendar?" she repeated. "That"s fine. Please...thank you very much. I promise, I won"t miss the next meeting, no matter where or when," she said.

She smiled tentatively as Gerrard got into the car beside her and fastened his seat belt. She didn"t want to talk to him, being the least favorite of her guards, but she didn"t want to create any suspicions about her evening plans. "I have to go shopping," she said, thinking about the possible stores she would investigate. She had to find the perfect outfit for tonight. Something that shouted "sophisticated" but nothing garish. She almost smiled at the memory of their conversation regarding her career. A prostitute! Good grief, what had she been thinking?

As usual, Gerrard said nothing but for the rest of the afternoon, he followed her through several stores, standing outside the dressing rooms as she tried on clothes. She was no longer embarrassed by him, or one of the other two guards, being stationed so close and she even had the ability to laugh at the reactions of some of the store owners. This time, she was too busy trying to find something sophisticated to wear for her dinner with Dharr to concern herself with anyone"s reaction, even Gerrard"s. She heard him talk on his cell phone once or twice, but since he spoke in Arabic, she had no idea what he was discussing. As she picked up a simple black dress, she absently thought that it might have been a good idea to have learned Arabic. But it never interested her, probably a throwback to her silly rebellion. She didn"t want to have anything in common with that irritating king what"s-his-name. Learning his language might have given him too much in their battle of wills, even if he never knew that she"d acquired the skill. Well, her battle of will. He probably didn"t know she existed.

In the fifth shop, she found exactly what she was looking for. The strapless green cocktail dress fit straight across her breasts with a pretty silver, beaded scalloped edge. The rest of the dress hugged her figure all the way down to her knees. The look suggested sophistication and invitation. Exactly the right message, she thought. She found the perfect pair of sandals that gave her added height which, in her mind, translated into confidence.

Biting her lower lip as she looked at her reflection in the mirror, she considered buying pretty new underwear. The dress required a strapless bra so it was pretty much a given if she was going to buy this dress.

Shrugging her shoulders, she pushed the fact that Gerrard would have to follow her into the lingerie store to the back of her mind. If he wanted to follow her in, he"d have to deal with the issue himself. She didn"t want him there, so he could stand outside if he was too uncomfortable.

She quickly changed back into her own clothes and purchased the dress, then strolled down the street until she came to the perfect store. Smiling with delight, she opened the store door and started inside. She was almost through the door when she felt the firm hand on her arm. Glancing upwards, she saw the shocked expression on Gerrard"s face. "You can"t go in there," he said, horror etching every inch of his face.

He might be her least favorite, but he was still a very nice gentleman. She felt a small amount of guilt at what she was putting the man through but pushed that to the back of her mind and shook her head. "I need to buy something in here. You can either stand outside or come in. It is up to you," she said as confidently as she could, daring the man to stop her.

The indecision was obvious and he struggled for several seconds before he managed to shake his head. "No. There"s nothing in this store that you need," he said firmly.

Electralaughed. "Yes. There definitely is," she said and slipped out of his grasp before he could say anything else.

Walking quickly through the store, she headed for the back, determined to avoid Gerrard"s furious gaze and the probable humiliation when he worked up the nerve to follow her into the store and drag her out.

Luckily, she quickly found exactly what she needed and made her purchase. Walking out, she smiled brightly at a glaring Gerrard, acting as if nothing was amiss. Which, in her mind, there wasn"t although she knew he didn"t see it quite the same way.

She was just getting into her car when her cell phone rang. Looking at the number, her heart froze, then went into overdrive when she realized that this was an unknown number.

"Hello?" she answered the phone with as much co nfidence as her racing heart would allow. Unfortunately, it wasn"t Dharr but one of his aides, giving her directions to Dharr"s address.

She wrote down the time and address with both terror and excitement. This was it, she thought as she hung up the phone. She could do this, she told herself and took a long, deep breath.

"I"m going to this address tonight," she said, handing the piece of paper to Gerrard defiantly. "And you"re not coming in."

Gerrard looked at the address, then nodded. "Fine," handing the piece of paper back to her without looking at her face.

There was a grim look on his face she hadn"t ever seen before. As Electra drove the car home, she reflected what she"d seen in his expression, not sure how exactly to describe it. It bothered her, but as soon as she walked into the house, the excitement of the upcoming evening overrode every other consideration.

She showered, then pulled her hair up on top of her head in a sophisticated twist. Pulling on her new dress, she surveyed her reflection in the mirror as she fastened dangling earrings to her ears. They were not real diamonds, but who would ever know? Cubic Zirconium were great fakes, she told herself.

Walking into the lobby of the luxurious apartment complex, she smiled tremulously to the doorman. Micha followed slightly behind her but he held back when she stepped into the elevators. She didn"t understand why, this night of all nights, he was willing to leave her alone. Maybe the wealth of the building or perhaps it was the way she was dressed, obviously ready for her evening liaison. Whatever the reason, she was thrilled when the elevator doors closed with her alone. A shiver of anticipation traveled through her body and she could hardly wait to see Dharr once again. Had it only been six hours, she wondered?It seemed like weeks since she"d left him in the hotel restaurant.

The elevator doors opened and, instead of a hallway filled with different doors, she found herself stepping into an opulently decorated foyer. The elevator was obviously a private one that led directly to what appeared to be the penthouse of the building. Electra was struck by the view of London laid out in front of her through the floor to ceiling windows.

She was still standing there, looking stunned and feeling extremely nervous when a deep voice chuckled. "I know the view is nice, but I didn"t know it would stun people to immobility. At least, it never has before," he explained and moved forward, reaching out to lift her hand to his mouth. She shivered again when his mouth touched her fingers. But that was nothing compared to the feeling of desire that sparked through her body when he turned her hand over and kissed the soft side of her wrist, his knowing eyes taking in the frantic beat of her heart against her skin. "It is hard to believe but you look more beautiful than this afternoon," he said, looking down into her green eyes. Electra neededto take a deep breath but her lungs wouldn"t cooperate. They could only pull in small gasps of air as her eyes adjusted to the lower lighting and the immense power of his presence.

"That"s an invitation I simply can"t refuse," he said, referring to her slightly open mouth. He bent down and gently caressed her lips with his. It was only a brief kiss but since it was Electra"s first, she could not contain the surprise in her eyes or the shiver of amazement at how wonderful the feeling was.

Breathing in a deep, shuddering breath, her eyes still closed, she whispered, "Would you please do that again?"

She heard the "With pleasure," response but couldn"t think beyond his mouth, his lips, the feel of muscles underneath his tailored suit as her fingers touched his chest to steady her swaying body. The feelings were wonderful and intense and unlike anything she could have imagined. The sweet desire coursed through her, leaving her weak and defenseless, aching for more as her body stepped closer to his. When she felt his hard planes against her softer ones, she couldn"t stop the sigh of pleasure that escaped her mouth only to be captured by his own as he covered her mouth once again, this time with more feeling, more passion, his tongue invading, demanding that her own mate with his as his hands slid down her back, pulling her hips so they were flush with his own.

Electra gasped when she felt his erection against her stomach but it only took her a moment of fear before the desire intensified. Her hand slid up the wool of his suit to dive into the silk of his hair, her fingers touching his hair, his neck, his ears, anything that she could, needing to feel more of him.

Finally, he pulled his head away and Electra almost cried out at the absence of his lips on hers. Her eyes looked up to his, questioning why he had stopped something that seemed to be absolutely perfect.

His chuckle was like a bucket of cold water on her rampaging desire but his words soothed her worried mind. "That"s the best greeting I"ve had all day." He stepped back and took her hand in his, guiding her into thepenthouse. "How was your afternoon?" he asked, leading her out onto the terrace that was covered with trees and flowers in both pots and seeming to be planted in the ground. Looking around, the terrace looked like a regular garden. If it weren"t for the lights of London twinkling down beneath them, one would never know that they were more than fifty stories above the street.

"My afternoon was exciting but only because I was waiting for your call. Thanks for breaking through the mundane," she smiled up at him.

"Did you fix your meeting?" he asked.

Electra grimaced. "No. But I"ll get it straightened out soon enough," she said, her voice determined and emphatic.

"What was the meeting about?" he asked as he led her through the subtly lit trees and shrubs of the roof garden.

Electra waved her hand airily, "Nothing too important. Just someone I was trying to convince to back off," she said.

He stopped and turned her toward him. "Is there something I can do to help?" he asked, his eyes hard andunyielding. "If someone is bothering you, I want to know about it." He didn"t question the reason why he would interfere in a situation regarding someone he"d met only six hours ago. This woman was different and he couldn"t figure her out. Until he did, he wanted all of her attention on him so he could get to the bottom of the mystery. Even her kiss was intriguing. Initially, he would have sworn that she was inexperienced, but the way she"d stepped forward, melting into him and mimicking every movement he made showed that she was much more experienced than he"d initially thought. Just the memory of their kiss and the way she"d felt, fitting so perfectly into him and her body yielding to his, made him throb in areas he"d always had control of before. He pushed the desire to the back of his mind, enjoying the pain, using it to add focus to the night. Anticipation was more than half the reward, wasn"t it? Women, after the first encounter, turned predictable and mundane, he found. He planned on spreading this feeling of anticipation out for the whole night, enjoying the feeling of conquer and control.

Electra shied away from him ever knowing about her circumstances. She wanted to be normal and telling him she was the ward of a king would not be a normal issue. "No, don"t worry about this. It"s nothing I can"t handle," she said and moved away from him to lift a soft, white flower to her nose. "This smells wonderful. What is it?" she asked.

He allowed the subject change, simply because her movements pulled her dress tighter across her derriere and allowed him a better view of a very nice part of her anatomy. "Gardenia?" he suggested, unsure of the flora and fauna of this region. "I have no idea," he said softly, his eyes not even looking at the flower but more on the expression of joy on her lovely face.

Electra laughed softly and shook her head, unaware of the impact her laughter had on her companion. She didn"t glance back or she"d have caught the expression of intensity on his face. She might have run from the penthouse. But then again, she might have slipped the zipper down on her dress and enticed him to finish what he"d started at the doorway. Her body was so tense, so primed for more of his touch, his kisses, that she felt like a bow that was being pulled tighter and tighter.

"No, this isn"t a usual gardenia. I"ve seen them in other places and would recognize them. This is something special," she said and moved toward the next flower, trying to distract herself from the man standing behind her. She had to do something with her hands besides reach up and loosen his tie. Good grief, she was considering all the different ways she could cut the man"s suit off of him. She had to get a grip on herself. "This is a pretty rose," she said, her fingers caressing the petals gently, unknowingly sensuous as her fingers trailed down to the ends of the delicate flower.

"You like to garden?" he asked, following her as she moved from one plant to the next, his eyes watching her hands hungrily. Each time she touched another plant or flower, he thought of how he would make her do the same to him, to specific parts of his anatomy.

Her fingers were long, slender and delicate and for the first time since he"d been initiated into the world of sexuality, he had to grit his teeth as the desire stormed through his body, almost uncontrollable in its intensity.

Electra grimaced and moved on to the next lovely, delicate bloom. "No. I"m not very good at keeping things alive," she said, her laughing gaze turning back to his as she spoke softly. "I prefer strolling through the botanical gardens or nurseries, pretending I have a green thumb."

"Why the interest in plants?" he asked.

She turned and smiled brightly at him. "Just because I can"t grow them, doesn"t mean I don"t appreciate their beauty and scent. The complexity of the flowers never ceases to amaze me," she said and turned back to walk further along the pathway. "I mean, have you ever really looked at a plant? The perfect shape of the petals that are designed to encourage and entice bees and other bugs to rest and take their nectar. Each bloom has a particular insect that it is trying to entice and all parts of the flower are specifically created for only that insect. It"s amazing," she said, unknowingly enticing him further with her talk of the sexuality of the botanical world.

"What can I get you to drink?" he asked abruptly, walking ahead of her toward an open area that contained a table laid with white linen and candles along with a bar to one side.

Electra followed, a little surprised and hurt by his angry tone but tried to breeze through the moment. Perhaps he just wasn"t interested in flowers and she was boring him with her silly talk. Biting her lip in confusion, she leaned against the bar and looked around at the various bottles available. Unfortunately, she didn"t drink very often so she had no idea what sophisticated women would request."I"ll have whatever you"re having," she replied, hoping whatever he drank wouldn"t taste too awful.

Standing behind the bar, he thought he had his libido more under control. At her answer, he grinned at her wolfishly. "Will you always be so amenable to my preferences?" he teased.

Electra stared at him, not sure what happened but he was suddenly the same man he"d been when she"d walked through the door. What happened to the man who had almost stomped away from her only moments ago? Shaking her head slightly, she eased into one of the tall chairs and leaned onto the bar. "Depends on what you"re suggesting," she replied. They were getting into dangerous territorybut she didn"t want to back down, her heart rate speeding up and her breath coming in quick, short gasps. She was afraid she might be promising him something unknowinglybut felt sure he"d never pressure her into anything she felt uncomfortable with.

"Ah, a woman with conditions," he said, shaking his head as he poured several liquids into a shaker, then tossed ice cubes in. "All my hopes are dashed."

Electra laughed. "You seem like the kind of man who needs to be disappointed every once in a while," she countered. "I suspect you get your way too often."

One eyebrow raised teasingly he said, "Are you going to be the one to take me down a peg?" he suggested.

Her mouth dried up with his suggestion but she couldn"t even go on teasing any longer. "No. I"m afraid I"m not going to be that woman," she said.

His eyes caught hers and held her with their intensity. "Good," he finally said. He then broke the connection and handed her a martini. Raising his glass to hers, he said, "To a lack of disappointment," he said and touched her glass gently.

After taking a sip of the dry martini, he said, "So what did you do today besides try and fix your missed appointment?" Instead of standing behind the bar as she"d expected, he came around to the front of the bar and sat down beside her.

Electra hid her disappointment when he didn"t immediately take her into his arms and carry her off to his bed. Good grief, she"d be happy if he"d take her right here on the soft grass beneath the chair, she thought, shivering in anticipation at the thought.

Trying to think of what she"d done, she shook her head when she came up blank. "I shopped for this dress," she said and held out her arms to show him the dress.

His eyes flared instantly as he looked down at her voluptuous breasts contained in the glittering green material. "Very nice," he said. "And what else?" he asked.

Electra shook her head and laughed. "I"m not sure you understand how difficult it is to find a dress for an evening with a man like you. Shopping took up all my afternoon, except for the portion in which I was getting into the dress," she explained, her eyes twinkling at his curious expression.

He smiled back at her. "That is an occupation I hope to encourage," he said and took a sip of his own martini. "Were you able to fix your meeting?" he asked.

"No. The odious man wouldn"t even return my phone calls. One of his aides was screening all his callsalthough I"m pretty sure I have the man"s personal cell phone." "Perhaps I could help with your mission if you"d care to explain it to me. I have many connections. Maybe I could reach this person for you."

Electra shook her head sadly. "Thank you ve ry much for the offer but this is something I have to do on my own," she said, not willing to go into the reasons for that. "What did you do this afternoon?"

"Met with boring, pompous men who tried to sell me things," he replied.

"What kinds of things?" she asked.

"Buildings," he answered.

Electra almost chocked on her martini. She had to cough and take a deep breath before she could reply. "Did you say building?" she asked.

He pulled his hand away that had been patting her back and smiled down into her stunned face. He wasn"t bragging but this was a normal part of his life and hadn"t thought anything of it before he"d opened up about his afternoon meetings. He hesitated for only a second with the realization that he"d never discussed his life with any other woman before. In his mind, women were a pleasant diversion but nothing more and certainly not part of his business world. Why had he said something like that to this one? And why was he going to continue to give her insight into his world? "Plural actually. A conglomerate is hoping to entice me into buying a packet of land and, in addition, they want me to build several sky scrapers on it."

Electra nodded sagely, as if she understood. But the idea of someone building sky scrapers, much less buying the land and more than one building, simply boggled her mind. "Well, of course," she replied. "Why not go for the volume discounts," she teased, still gasping slightly from the alcohol going down the wrong way. She fanned her face in the hopes that her embarrassment wouldn"t show.

"Why not?" he laughed with her.

"So, what exactly do you do? Are you some sort of property developer?" she asked, afraid that whatever he might reply would put him way out of her league. She didn"t want him to be that wealthy although this penthouse certainly screamed immense wealth.

"I do many things," he said ambiguously. He didn"t want to reveal his identity to this woman for some reason. Too many times, he"d been desired for his wealth or his title. He wanted to be desired for himself. Why he cared in this instance was beyond him but he did and he wasn"t going to question it at this point. Once he"d worked her out of his system and moved on to the next woman, he didn"t care if she found out about him. But he"d do all he could to keep her from learning of his real identity until that point arrived.

"Such as?" she encouraged. "Think of ways to get you here tonight," he replied.

Electra blushed. She suspected that he"d meant to say "into my bed" but he"d held back at the last moment. If he"d said those words, she"d probably have stood up and started stripping right there and then, needing him so much she thought she might burst into flames at any moment. But she held back, sipping her martini in the hope that it might cool down her desire somehow.

Something off to the side caught his attention and he nodded. "Are you ready for dinner?" he asked and stood up.

Electra stood herself and turned in the direction of his nod, gasping when she caught three men in white chef uniforms with trays walking onto the terrace. They placed a plate in front of each chair at the table, then another in the center. One whipped out a lighter and lit the candles then, just as quickly as they"d appeared, all three of them disappeared into the forest of trees and shrubs.

"Who was that?" she asked, her mouth hanging open in shock and her eyes wide.

"Who was what?" he asked, walking over to the table to hold out a chair for her.

"Those men," she replied, w alking carefully over to the table, not sure her legs would carry her. The martini was more than half gone by now and she suspected that it was too potent for her. She didn"t usually drink so she was feeling the effects of the alcohol quickly. She reached for the glass of ice water, drinking the liquid thirstily.

"The chefs?" he asked, sitting down on the opposite side of her and picking up a bottle of wine, pouring the rich, red liquid into their two glasses.

"You have more than one?" she asked.

Dharr shrugged. "I don"t know what their official titles are. I suspect that one of them is a lead chef and the other two sous chefs," he theorized. "Do they bother you?" he asked.

Electra shook her head and drank more water then pulled her napkin down onto her lap. Anything to keep her hands busy.

Dharr understood that something had happened to make her feel uncomfortable so for the next hour, he worked on putting her at ease again. He told her silly stories from his childhood, asked her about her own, about her education, her dreams for the future and basically pulling out as much information as he could from her. The whole time though, he was watching her animated face, noting that every emotion played out in her eyes and in her expressions. She spoke with her hands and he had a hard time keeping his eyes on her face since, each time she moved her hands, the low cut of her dress brought his attention to her breasts, their softness enticing him, entrancing him.

When the dessert was over, she laid her fork down on the side of her plate, her nervousness intensifying. The meal was over and she had nothing else to talk about. All she wanted to do was make love with this man and experience the magic she was sure he could give her with his touch. But he looked relaxed and not about to initiate anything more than conversation.

At some point, music had started playing and had grown louder as the meal progressed. Between the wine, the candles, the soft music and Dharr"s magnetic personality, she could actually feel the sexual vibrations bouncing between them.

Taking her glass of wine and standing up, she walked over to the side of the terrace, looking out over the horizon and wondering how she could get him to put his arms around her. She was so nervous but still determined to be with him tonight. She wanted this man and she had the relative freedom to be with him although she was sure that Micha was sitting downstairs in the lobby of the building waiting for her.

When she felt his arms come around her waist, his chin nuzzle the nape of her neck, she sighed with pleasure and relief.She hadn"t come up with a way to entice him so him taking the lead was a relief.

The kisses that trailed down her neck and across her shoulder felt splendid but when his fingers slid across the back of her dress, she shivered in delight, her back arching and her mouth opening slightly.

"You have a beautiful back, Ellie." He ran his tongue along the shell of her ear, then nibbled on the lobe. "But you should have real diamonds here instead of these," he said and wrapped his hand around her waist, pulling her back against his front.

Electra gasped at the sensations and wanted to turn around, face him and kiss him but he held her firmly with one hand, while the other reached up and let his fingers skim across the top of the dress, just as his fingers had done to the back only moments ago."Your skin is like satin," he whispered. "But your hair should never be tied up like this," he said, releasing her body so his fingers could slid into the long tresses, sending the pins flying in every direction. She didn"t care where they went, as long as his hands continued to caress her scalp. When his hands tangled in her long, black hair, she wanted to melt against him. She pushed her back more firmly against him, feeling his erection against her back. Her hands reached out behind her, coming into contact with his hard, muscular thighs, amazed at the strength she found there.

"Dharr," she whispered, unable to con tinue with her words although she would have begged him to hurry, to carry her away and ease this aching, almost painful burning that had taken over every cell in her body.

"What do you want?" he asked. "You. I want you," she said firmly, her fingers skimming along his slacks. She wanted to go higher, to turn around and wrap her fingers around the length of his erection and explore the manbut she didn"t have the courage.

When he spun her around himself and covered her mouth with his, she didn"t argue. In fact, she stood on her toes, eager to receive his kiss and give as much as she got in return. Her body melted into his, pushing her breasts against his chest, her hips against his, eager to feel more of him.

When he lifted her up into his arms , she almost blurted out, "Finally!" but controlled herself by burying her face in his neck, inhaling the male scent of him and teasing the lobe of his ear, just as he"d done to her a few minutes ago.

The room he carried her into was dimly lit so her eyes had no problems adjusting to the light. But her legs barely held her upright when he set her back down on the floor. His fingers easily found the zipper in the back, all the while kissing her, ravishing her mouth with his own.

Electra felt the whoosh of air against her naked skin and the temporary feel of cold as the air hit her, but then his hands were against her back, her body pulled up against his as his hands covered her bottom, pulling her higher.

She pushed his suit jacket off his shoulders, uncaring that the beautiful fabric fell carelessly to the floor. She then struggled with his tie but, never having been around men as she grew up, the knot was a mystery to her. Finally, he delicately pulled her hands away and did it himself, tossing it on the floor beside them before pulling her back into his arms.

Electra worked the buttons of his shirt, eager to see what she"d been feeling for the past several minutes. Was he as solidly built as she suspected? Was he covered with muscles or was it just an illusion? She heard a ping as one of the buttons popped off and hit the wall somewhere but she didn"t care. She just moved on to the next, hurriedly needing to get his chest uncovered.

Her breathing was rapid and her eyes dilated as she finally pulled the fabric away to reveal the chest of a body builder. No, her mind could never have thought up this many muscles under that severe, well tailored suit. No man should cover up something this magnificent, she thought, her fingers traveling down the bulging pectorals, the packed abdominal muscles, tracing the black line that disappeared into his pants. She heard the sharp intake of his breath but paid no attention to it, too fascinated with exploring the treasure she"d just uncovered. Her hands moved higher, her eyes following hungrily as she moved her fingertips along the muscles just revealed. One finger accidentally brushed his nipple and she felt his indrawn breath so she moved back, her hands covering the flat nipple with tremulous exploration. When her fingers lingered, teased and captured it gently, she felt his hands clench and unclench on her waist and her eyes looked up. His own were closed and his jaw tight, as if he were clenching his teeth to control what she made him feel. That kind of power only heightened her own desire and she watched in fascination as her hands traveled up to his shoulders then down across the bulging biceps. While her hands explored, her head moved forward, her tongue gently caressing his nipple with the assumption that, if her fingers felt good, perhaps she could intensify that feeling.

As soon as her tongue flicked the sensitive part, she heard him groan and the hands that had been clenching at her waist suddenly grasped her hips, lifting her higher, then tossing her onto the bed. Electra smiled, loving the feeling of power but then saw that his huge body was coming down onto hers. Her arms reached up to welcome him but he grasped them in one hand, holding them over her head. "No more," he grated out before his mouth covered her own nipple, teasing it through the lace while heat of his tongue createdfeelings that both shocked and terrified her. "Dharr!" she cried out, her hips shifting under his weight, her legs moving up, stirring in any way in an attempt to escape the heat but he was now in control and he wasn"t going to relinquish it again.

His mouth moved to the other side, laving that nipple with the same attention, his free hand coming up to tease the flesh above the lace on her strapless bra, the effect more tantalizing than anything she"d ever imagined. "Please don"t stop," she said, writhing under his light touch.

His mouth descended to her nipple as his hand reached behind her and unsnapped the clasp, releasing her breasts from the light constriction. "Don"t worry. I"m not planning on it," he said, his deep voice now husky as his mouth moved lower, nibbling on her ribs, then moving even lower to her stomach. "Do you like this?" he asked as his teeth skimmed the slight swell of her stomach.

"Yes!" she cried out as his mouth found a sensitive spot near her hip bone. "Yes," she sighed as he softly caressed the spot again, then nipped it with his teeth.

"What else?" he asked, releasing her hands and moved even lower, his mouth moving to her thigh.

As soon as her hands were released from their constraints, they moved into his hair, her fingers clenching and unclenching as he hit one sensitive spot after another.

"I don"t know," she said honestly but her hips were rocking slightly, unsure of what she should be doing but uncaring as the desire ached within her. "I need you now!" she said.

His soft chuckle was her only warning as his fingers moved between her thighs. "Patience," he said and kissed the inside of her thigh while his fingers moved higher, tantalizing her, her legs opening of their own volition, giving his mouth better access to his goal.

" Dharr!" she cried out when his mouth touched her in the most intimate part of her. Her fingers, which had been holding his head, initially pulled at his hair but his mouth was relentless and after only a moment, she gasped and arched into his mouth, opening wider as his tongue and mouth found her core, creating sensations she couldn"t understand. Her body was almost singing and within only moments, her first climaxed washed over her, wave after wave rocking her body as her eyes squeezed shut and her voice cried out, her fingers clenching his hair.

But it wasn"t over. As soon as her body subsided from the initial orgasm, his fi ngers moved inside and she felt the feelings increase yet again. The combination of his fingers and his rough tongue, his lips, she was lost to the sensations, unable to think to control, to do anything but let him have complete control of her body.

When the second wave finally subsided, Electra could barely move, her body completely replete and exhausted. When she felt him move over her, she opened her eyes slightly but didn"t even have the energy for a full glance. "Thank you," she said, trying to catch her breath. Her arms reached up to wrap around his shoulders but they were heavy and she couldn"t do much more than lay them against his warm skin.

His laughter was the only warning she had that things were not finished. The sound forced her eyes to look at him warily. "What?" she asked, trying desperately to slow her breathing.

In answer, he tore open a packet and sheathed himself with the condom. With a purpose that was unmistakable, he bent and kissed her neck, a knee moving between her legs as his mouth moved down lower, capturing a nipple between his teeth, then soothing it with his tongue. "No! I can"t," she gasped but her arms tensed and held his head in place, the feelings that had spiraled to unimaginable heights started all over again, taking her body with the increasing crescendo. She felt his erection pressing against her softness, probing gently but with more force and her body instantly relaxed to accommodate his size. Her breathing increased and her eyes closed, afraid that his perceptive gaze would see the truth.

Her hands held his shoulders as her body braced for the invasion, the pain. But as he slid deeper inside her, she was surprised to feel a fullness, a completeness. It was wonderful! More than wonderful! She opened her eyes and smiled into him, forcing herself to relax as he struggled, his shoulders and forehead glazed with sweat.

She wrapped her legs around his waist, arching into him, her smile encouraging him to continue.

With that simple gesture, Dharr moved forward, hesitated, then broke through her barrier and stopped, fully enclosed within her but shock breaking out on his face as he looked down at the woman in his arms. If he hadn"t been watching her the whole time, he would have missed the slight cringe cross her face.

" Ellie?" he said, stilling inside of her but his whole body was clamoring for release. Was she a virgin? Impossible. She was too bold, too sensuous and much too beautiful for her to have remained untouched at her age. But the tear that touched the edge of her eye proved that she in fact was a virgin. Or had been, he realized, cursing himself for being too aggressive. He should have slowed down and found out more about her.

Her eyes opened and her hands reached out to smooththe worry in his eyes. "Thank you," she said as if that were the end.

"Thank you?" he growled. She thought this was the end? Tossing his head backwards, he stared at a space beyond the bed, searching for the strength to go slowly, to make this an incredible experience for her. He"d foolishly taken her virginity, the least he could do was make this the best experience possible.

His eyes moved back to her face and carefully, slowly moved slightly. When her eyes widened in shock, he breathed easier. The expression didn"t look like one of pain or anguish but more of curiosity. Still not the reaction he was looking for so he moved again, a little longer this time. There it was, he thought and moved again, her expression turning away from curiosity and he captured her gasp of pleasure in his mouth as he continued to move in her, raising her hips slightly and rocking her back and forth. It didn"t take long before she was moving on her own, her body taking over as her third climax built up. When her muscles contracted around him, he released his own body, allowing himself to find his climax, holding her close and it was more mind-blowing than he could have imagined.

As her breathing and heart rate slowed, Electra slowly opened her eyes and looked around, surprised to find that the world was still in normal colors. Surely after that kind of experience, the world had changed to neon or something just as electrifying and momentous. One by one, she unclenched her fingers, her arms falling to the bed beside her and tried to calm her breathing.

Maintaining her gaze at a point beyond his shoulder, she tried to act as if this were nothing more than usual for her. But he was not believing her. He rolled over, pulling her along with him so they were still intimately connected but she was now laying on top of him.

"Ellie, explain yourself," he demanded in a tone that wouldn"t brook any argument.

But that tone wouldn"t work with her. Her rebellious nature reasserting itself. Instead of talking, she lifted herself up on her elbows and looked down at the arrogant man underneath her. "What would you like me to explain?" she asked, her fingers teasing the hair on his chest and her lips finding the nipple again.

His hand clamped over her fingers and his other pulled her chin up so she couldn"t tease him. But that left her hands free and she made good use of them. "Dharr, I really don"t want to talk right now," she said, knowing that this was her only night of freedom and she didn"t want to waste it on silly explanations that would lead to revelations that were pointless.

"I think we need to talk," he replied and grabbed her hands but it was too late. She could feel his erection still inside her. She moved her hips slightly and gasped with the feelings that rippled through her. She moved a little more and the feelings intensified. Biting her lip, she pushed herself up on his chest so she was straddling him, her teeth biting her lower lip as she moved up, then down, her mouth falling open with the pleasure.

"That feels wonderful," she said and smiled a sensuous, knowing smile as her eyes glazed over. Looking down at him, she felt wonderful and could tell that he was struggling to stop her movements. "I"m not sure why you want to talk, Dharr, but couldn"t we discuss whatever is bothering you a little later?" she asked, her hips rocking slightly as she experimented with this new position and all these new feelings.

Dharr was no match for her budding passion. Her body was clenching his own, her strong, slender legs straddling him felt incredible and in the end, he simply allowed her the chance to move however she pleased. No matter how she moved, it definitely pleased him. She was too tight, too wet and he simply couldn"t slow down the pleasure she was building inside him.

She felt his hands on her hips and quickly moved again, hoping he was feeling the same thing she was but afraid he was going to stop her. Instead, he pulled her all the way down and she cried out as she was fully sheathed on his erection, feeling the sensation all the way to her core. Placing her hands on his chest, she moved again and again, twisting slightly, her hair falling forward as she figured out a rhythm that gave her the most feeling, the most satisfaction.

In the end, the passion was too much for her to control since everything was too new for her. He rolled her onto her back again and took over, his body showing her how to gain the most for each thrust and within moments, Electra cried out as she climaxed once again, Dharr quickly following her.

This time, he rolled onto his back as both of them tried to gasp for air. Curling onto her side, she watched him. One hand was over his eyes and there was a strain around his mouth. She wanted to reach out to him butwasn"t sure about his mood. "Dharr?" she called out softly, fear that she"d done something to hurt him or offend him translating in her tone.

Instantly, his arm came down and he rolled back to her, placing an elbow on each side of her as he looked down into her eyes. "Why didn"t you warn me?" he demanded.

"Warn you about what?" she asked, pushing through the inevitable question with a mixture of bravado and rebellion.

"Don"t lie, Ellie. I want explanations," he said forcefully. "Why?" she asked, trying to pullaway but he wouldn"t let her go. His arms on either side of her head kept her trapped underneath him. She couldn"t even look away from his intense gaze.

"Because you are a virgin and I want to know how that is possible."

She shrugged and looked at his shoulder which was as far as his arms would allow her head to move. "I"m not sure I"m the best person to give you a lesson in biology," she said almost angrily. He was turning something that had been beautiful and moving into an interrogation and her best defense against authority had always been anger.

Sighing, he pulled back slightly, his forehead resting on her shoulder. "Why didn"t you tell me?" he asked more gently.

She almost didn"t answer him, but since he was asking instead of demanding this time, she decided to relent slightly. "I"ve been pretty sheltered my whole life."

His deep sigh shattered her even more than his angry questions had. "And now I"ve come along and ruined you."

She had to laugh at his old fashioned term. It eased the tension somewhat and for that, she was grateful."I would hardly say I"m ruined," she replied. "It doesn"t really apply in this day and age, but I thank you for being concerned about my reputation. If I guarantee that no one will know about our liaison tonight, will that make you feel better? And I don"t have a father that will show up on your doorstep with a shotgun, demanding marriage." Her fingers gently touched his jaw line and she almost yelped when he suddenly reached out and nipped her fingers.

"You were a virgin. Now you"re not."

She smiled and didn"t realize how her expression had turned her from a sweet, laughing innocent into a tempestuous beauty. "Yes, you"re right. And I can guarantee that my changed stats from virgin to nonvirgin will not affect the sun rising tomorrow morning."

He stood up abruptly, then reached down to pick her up into his arms.

"What"s wrong?" she asked, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Where are we going?" she asked nervously. She hoped he wasn"t going to demand that she get dressed and leave. She had genuinely enjoyed talking with him and the languorousfeelings she"d been experiencing in the aftermath of their interlude had been sweet and comforting.

"We"re going to take a warm shower and then talk. I want to understand why you chose me to be your first lover," he said.

Electra"s mind scrambled. She wasn"t about to share her humiliating life with this wonderful, sophisticated man. But she"d definitely enjoy a shower with him. The water was instantly warm and she reveled in his soft touch as he gently rubbed the soap along her body. When he was done, he started to reach for the faucet to turn off the water but her hand stopped him. With his look of inquiry, she reached for the bar of soap and stepped closer to him, rubbing the bar along the muscles that had so fascinated her earlier. Since her curiosity had been only minimally appeased before, she took time now to touch and feel to her heart"s delight.

In the end, she only made it as far as his arms again before he growled and lifted her into his arms, impaling her on his shaft, his arms moving her as the force of their passion took over once again.

Once the climax for both of them had subsided this time, Electra could no longer stand on her own. She leaned against him, absorbing his strength and shaking as he toweled her dry. He picked her up, wrapped in the towel and carried her back to his bed. Once there, he tossed the towel away and pulled her into his arms. With a simple press of a button, the lights flicked off. Only the lights from the London skyline lit the room.

Electra laid next to him, her head resting on his chest and her eyes fought a losing battle to stay open. She didn"t want this night to end. She wanted to touch him, to feel him inside her one more time but she just couldn"t get her muscles to move any more.

"Go to sleep," he said softly, his hand rubbing her shoulder as he stared up at the ceiling. "We"ll talk in the morning."

Dharr waited until he felt her breathing become even before he examined his feelings. He hated sharing his bed with women which is the main reason he put them up in apartments. It allowed him to leave when he"d taken his pleasure. He"d never spent the night with any of the women he"d been with so why was this slender beauty tucked next to him and why did he know with an innate sense of himself that he had no intention of letting her go in the morning?

He reviewed their entire conversations over the evening and earlier that afternoon, trying to find some point when he would have been forewarned of her innocence. But nothing came up as a warning flag. Perhaps the initial kiss, but even then, she"d caught onto his movements so quickly that he"d been lured into a sense of complacency regarding her experience. He almost laughed out loud at how quick of a learner she was. Everywhere he"d touched her, she"d come back at him with the same caress, the same movements. Until he moved inside her, that is. When she was filled with his erection, she moved only for herself and it was a complete turn-on to watch her face and her body as she found fulfillment.

"Damit!" he said out loud as his body hardened at the image floating in his mind. Looking down at the sleeping beauty in his arms, he wondered how he could want her so quickly after being satisfied three times already.

She was a mass of contradictions and he wanted to posses all of them. He hadn"t missed the rebellion that flashed through her eyes when he"d demanded an explanation. He almost chuckled at the memory of her response but restrained himself, afraid he would wake her with his amusement. The audacity of a mere woman denying him something he wanted was ludicrous. Most men shivered in fear when he issued an order. But this petite spitfire actually thought to deny him information. Didn"t she know that no one denied him anything?

He would get the reason for her innocence and more, he thought to himself moments before exhaustion took over. He"d also have her nicely ensconced in the Paris apartment within the next few days. In the meantime, he mentally made plans to have her accompany him on his meetings in Dubai for the next couple of days.

Chapter 4

Electra moved slightly, then grimaced as the manacle holding her in place tightened. Her eyes opened and she looked around, trying to orient herself to her surroundings and the darkness. When her memory of the night before returned, her face flamed into color but immediately following, a smile spread over her features. She tried to turn around, but Dharr"s arm was still wrapped around her waist, her head pillowed on his massive arm while her bottom was nestled against his groin.

Oh how she wished she could turn around and start the whole pleasure trip over again; touch him, taste him and feel him move inside her one more time. But that was not to be, she thought as she glanced at the clock and saw that it was after four o"clock in the morning. Micha was still downstairs waiting on her, she suspectedand it wasn"t fair to him.

Besides, what was the point in waiting to wake in his arms in the morning? There was no future with this man, she knew. He was dynamic and powerful and would move on to the next woman quickly. She didn"t delude herself into believing he would want her in his life beyond last night. He was too passionate of a lover to settle for simply one woman. She was just thrilled that she"d experienced his magic touch this once. Electra ignored the sadness that entered her mind and continued to pretend she didn"t care that another woman would probably be sharing his bed tonight as she disengaged her limbs from his.

Easing out of bed slowly so as not to wake him, she quietly found and then pulled on her clothes. She let her shoes dangle in her arms as she made her way out of the bedroom to the terrace where her purse had been left. Within fifteen minutes of waking, she was in the elevator being whisked down to the lobby once again.

Hoping to brave out the initial embarrassment with Micha, who could have no doubt what she"d been doing for the past eight hours but suspected that might be impossible. Her hair was down, her makeup gone and her dress was wrinkled beyond repair. But she also knew that there was a glow to her skin and a smile she couldn"t suppress and she blushed when she saw Micha quickly stand as she exited the elevator. He didn"t look her in the eye as she walked out to the street. Somehow, her car was waiting for her at the curb and the doorman politely tipped his hat as he held the door for the two of them.

Electra had to chuckle as she drove home in the darkest part of the night. She was probably the only woman in history who had to drive home from her first night of passion with her body guard in the passenger seat.

Micha didn"t talk throughout the entire trip and she didn"t initiate any conversation either. Instead, she relived each moment, each conversation, every touch she"d experienced throughout the night.

When she reached her house, she crept up t he stairs, careful so she didn"t wake her grandmother who had been sleeping for several hours by now. She brushed her teeth and slipped into her bed, smiling up at the ceiling. It had been a perfect night, she thought to herself. The only thing that could make this better would be to know that she would be experiencing Dharr"s touch once again. But that was not to be, she knew. She"d settle for tonight and be glad that she"d had a master initiate her into the world of passion.

The ringing from her purse woke her the following morning. Disoriented with exhaustion and sore muscles she hadn"t realized existed, she quickly searched for her phone, desperate to find out who was calling and get rid of them so she could get back to sleep. She almost considered turning it off without answering it, but her grandmother"s lessons in manners wouldn"t allow that to happen.

"Hello?" she asked softly into the phone, not sure what time it was but sure it was early since the sun still hadn"t made it over the edge of her bedroom window. She quickly calculated that she"d had less than three hours of sleep and that pained her since she was normally grumpy if she didn"t get at least eight hours a night.

"Where the hell are you?" a deep voice said angrily in her ear.

That voice woke her instantly and she sat up straight in bed, her eyes looking around her small bedroom to make sure no one else was able to hear the conversation. "Dharr?" she gasped. Thankfully the door to her bedroom was still closed.

"Are you expecting other men to demand your whereabouts first thing in the morning?" he gritted out harshly.

She relaxed slightly against the pillows, her mind turning fuzzy as she tried to make sense of his angry tone of voice and early morning phone call. "No. But I wasn"t assuming you would care either."

"So you slipped out like a.."

"Don"t say another word!" she interrupted quickly, her body tensing and her eyes flashing even though he couldn"t see her anger. "I don"t think either one of us would appreciate the implications of your comment so just don"t say it!" She was shaking with anger and wanted to throw the phone across the room. But ruining her phone wouldn"t hurt him, more"s the pity.

She heard him curse under his breath and could imagine him running his long, tanned fingers through his black hair in frustration. The thought made her feel better, if only mildly. "Where are you?" he demanded. "We"re not finished. You owe me an explanation," he said, his voice calm but with a note of steel.

As usual, when someone demanded, Electra rebelled. First his awful comment and now this?"I don"t owe you anything," she snapped back. Then with a flick of her wrist, she snapped the cell phone closed, turning off the ringer and tossing it back into her purse. Dharr stared at the now dead phone in shock. Had she just hung up on him? The experience was unprecedented and he actually raised the phone to his ear and called her name, sure that the slip of a woman hadn"t just hung up the phone on him.

The smile that crossed his face was slow in coming but it grew until it burst into a loud, full bodied laugh. She"d actually hung up on him! No one had ever dared but this wild woman who had dared everything and challenged all he"d known and countered every assumption he"d had in a woman up to now, had really hung up on him.

He tossed the phone onto the bed and chuckled on his way to the shower, shaking his head in disbelief and a new-found respect for the female population in general, and one slender, sexy, vibrant woman in particular. As he turned on the jets to the shower, he acknowledged that there was also the intense need to wring her pretty little neck but that would have to wait, and he had many more things he wanted to do to her before he punished her for her outright defiance.

Walking out of his bedroom fifteen minutes later, freshly showered and shaved, he tossed the phone to Jamil. "Find out where she lives and get her settled into the Paris apartment," he said. Without another word, he walked by the man frantically scribbling in his notebook as he moved toward his first meeting of the day.

Chapter 5

Glaring at the inanimate objectshe"d just tossed across the room, Electra sat up in bed, too angry to get back to sleep now.

"How dare he!" she said to the empty room. What right did he have to speak to her like that? So she"d left the morning after a night of passion? So it had been mind-boggling, toe-curling, hair scorching passion?What did he care? She"d thought she"d been doing him a favor by leaving. She certainly didn"t need the awkwardness of the morning after. Leaving had been in both their best interests. He didn"t have to follow through on all the regular niceties and she didn"t have to hear his insincere, "I"ll call you," as she walked out the door. This way, everyone came out the winner.

Tossing the blankets off her, she stomped to the shower, waiting impatiently for the hot water to make its way up to the second floor. Memories of the previous night"s passionate shower swirled through her mind and she almost shut off the shower again but felt the need to cleanse herself after his annoying phone call.

When the hot water finally arrived through the ancient plumbing, she scrubbed her body under the warm spray, angrily trying to forget the arrogant man"s phone call and angry words. Unfortunately, she"d never been very good at releasing her anger. How dare he call her after the night they"d just shared?

It was less than two hours since she"d slipped from his warm bed, completely naked and snuggled next to him. The memories of their night started to filter into her mind and she wished desperately she could hang onto her anger. But as she remembered the feelings he gave her and how her body responded to every touch of his, her anger started to dissipate. It was hard to remain furious when her body was still tingling from what he"d made her feel.

Stepping out of the shower and toweling herself dry, she flicked her phone back on, wondering what she would do if he called again. She pulled on a pair of jeans and a teeshirt, still fuming about the obnoxious man and thinking of the perfect thing to say, if only she"d thought of it when he"d called earlier. As she walked down the stairs to the kitchen, her phonerang and she picked it up, checking the caller"s number before answering it, just to make sure it wasn"t Dharr. She ignored the disappointment in the pit of her stomach when she didn"t recognize the caller.

"Hello?" she said, pouring herself a cup of c offee. It was her friend who worked in a small, private school down the street. She tried not to worry too much about her disappointment that it was her friend and not Dharr. She"d only known the man for twenty four hours and already she was needing to hear his voice? That was silly.

Her friend, unaware of Electra"s topsy -turvy emotions for the past two hours, broke through her depression with a bright, cheerful voice. "I have a proposition for you," she started off. "Remember the woman who was helping me out as a teacher"s aide?" she asked.

"Sure, the one who was going to have a baby in the next few months?"

"That"s the one. Well, her doctor put her on full bed rest so she"s unable to work right now. The pay is extremely low, but if you want it, the job is yours," her friend said.

Electra stood with her coffee cup midway to her mouth, frozen in shock. "Are you teasing me?" she asked. A job she wouldn"t need to interview for? A job where the interviewer wouldn"t be intimidated by her body guards? Was her luck finally changing?

Her friend laughed through the phone line at Electra"s surprise. "Not at all. Are you interested?"

"When can I start?" Electra gasped, setting her coffee cup down on the counter and searching out her grandmother"s reassuring features. Her grandmother was sitting at the kitchen table working on the daily crossword puzzle but she obviously knew something good was happening since her face crinkled into a bright, encouraging smile.

"Whenever you"re able. If you don"t have anything planned for today, you could come down and fill out the paperwork," she suggested hopefully.

Electra glanced at her watch. "I can be there in thirty minutes."

"Great. Wear slacks that you don"t mind getting dirty," she cautioned.

The next four days were the most amazing in Electra"s memory. She was thrilled with her new job and, thanks to her guardian"s barely touched monthly allowance and her room with her grandmother, she didn"t care too much about the small income.

She helped her friend grade papers, clean up classrooms, tutored kids who were having problems with their homework or their classroom assignments, find additional materials pertinent to the current classroom topics and read stories to the group of twenty five seven year olds. It was crazy at times, horrible during the moments when the children wanted to misbehave but also thrilling and creative and the children were filled with a sense of wonder at everything the teacher discussed. She loved every moment of it.

She was so busy, she didn"t even care that the man hadn"t bothered to call back and apologize for his rude behavior. Or even to give her a chance to apologize for her fiery temper which had prompted her hang up. And she wasn"t upset about any of that. She didn"t miss him in any way, she told herself. And when she dreamed about him at night and their one night together, she just put that up to having experienced superior lovemaking technique. She was bound to feel remnants of their night together since it had been so wonderful.

When school let out on Thursday afternoon and she watched the children leave the classroom, she pushed her sadness away. The fact that the man hadn"t called meant that she"d done the right thing in leaving and definitely in hanging up on him when he was rude.

Friday afternoon, when she sank gratefully into one of the two overstuffed chairs in her grandmother"s small family room, she was exhausted but in an odd way, rejuvenated.

"Good week?" her grandmother asked, a gentle smile on her face as she manipulated thread and needle through fabric to magically transform the fabric into a cross stitch pillow.

Electra laughed. "Thrilling," she replied, thinking of the man who had started off the week in such a wonderful way. "Every moment of it."

"What about the man you spent time with on Sunday evening?" she questioned.

Electra blushed and was glad Gerrard was in the kitchen reading a newspaper. "He called but I hung up on him."

She heard the newspaper rumble and the chair scrape against the tiles a moment before Gerrard"s horrified expression peered into the room. "What did you just say?" he asked.

Electra smiled gently, knowing how Gerrard, the most moody of the three assigned to her, could sometimes take things the wrong way. "I said that the man called but I hung up on him.He was rude and said some awful things to me. Or he would have if I hadn"t stopped him," she clarified with a frown.

Gerrard"s throat made some odd sounds but Electra didn"t have time to interpret them before he went on."Did you call back and apologize?" he asked, coming fully into the room and looking down at her from his greater height.

Electra didn"t understand the expression on his face. It wasn"t anger so much as disbelief. Maybe even horror, she thought. "No. Why would I do that? He was rude and demanding."

Gerrard"s palm slapped against his forehead and he shook his head as he walked back into the kitchen. She heard him talking on his phone a moment later but since it was in Arabic, she had no idea what he was saying.

Turning back to her grandmother, she started to speak but was interrupted by her phone ringing. She walked over to her purse and pulled the phone out, noting that it was another phone number she didn"t recognize. "Hello?"

"Good afternoon, Ellie," Dharr"s deep voice said through the airwaves, sending tingles down her body, right to the core of her soul.

She stiffened and looked around, wondering if her discussion of the man had somehow produced the phone call. It was very odd, she thought. She ignored the ripple of excitement that traveled along her nervous system at the sound of his voice and reminded herself about how arrogant and rude he had been. The man just simply didn"t know good manners, she thought. "Good afternoon, Dharr. How are you?" she replied with great formality. No matter how desperately she"d wanted to hear his voice this past week, to tell him about her new job and to just hear his laughter or advice, she couldn"t fall into the trap of discounting how hurt she"d been by his statements that morning and the fact that he hadn"t called her at all during the week.

She heard his soft chuckle but didn"t like the fact that it sent images to her mind of him chuckling at her attempts to undo his buttons that night. His next words erased all images, all thoughts, leaving her shaking and confused. "Fine. But I"d be better if you"d meet me in Paris for the weekend."

Electra gasped. An entire weekend wit h the man? Was it possible? "Paris?" she asked and looked across the roomat her grandmother. She saw the elderly woman"s eyes light up and her head bobbed in an enthusiastic agreement. "Go," she whispered encouragingly, her needlework forgotten in the excitement of the moment.

She could hear the amusement in his voice. "Yes, the city across the channel from London? Perhaps you"ve heard of it," he teased.

Electra smiled. Boy the man had charm to spare!"Yes. I"ve heard of it vaguely. But why would I want to spend the weekend in some boring old city? I mean, what"s the draw?" she asked, leaning back in her chair and smiling delightedly. How she found the nerve to tease him back, she had no idea. All thoughts of making the man apologize were forgotten as soon as she"d heard his charming, teasing tone.

The ripple of laughter made her feel all warm and yummy inside. "Perhaps there is a lure I can provide."

Electra liked the sound of that. "Perhaps," she said. "What did you have in mind?"

"How about if I show you when you get here? Give me your address and I"ll send a car to pick you up. Don"t forget your passport," he warned.

Electra bit her lip. "Hmmm...how about if I meet you there?" she suggested, knowing she"d have to purchase several tickets for her guards. There would be no way they"d let her get on an international flight with out them tagging along. Good grief, she couldn"t even go to the grocery store without them in the background.

"What"s your address?" he countered firmly. She sighed, but was still unwilling to tell him all. "Dharr, I would love to meet you but I"m not sure what time I"ll be able to get away," she lied. "I got a job this week and I still have some research to do for one of my classes plus I need to pull materials together for the following week"s crafts. The flights to Paris are only two hours, aren"t they? So I"ll call you when I land. Will that work for you?"

"Absolutely not," he said firmly. "You"ll need to quit your job immediately. I"ll take care of you. Tell me your address." His tone didn"t seem like he would be swayed by any argument she had.

Shaking her head, even though he couldn"t see her through the phone. "No. I"m not going to quit my job since I just started it four days ago. And I"m not going to give you my address but I"ll be happy to meet you in Paris in a few hours. Will you be at this phone number?" she asked.

There was a long moment of silence and she held her breath, hoping he wouldn"t ask more questions or demand an explanation. Or more horribly, call off the weekend. She wanted desperately to see him, but not at the expense of her pride and her newfound independence, no matter how small it was.

Finally, he said, "Fine. Call this number and a car will arrive at the airport to pick you up. But Ellie, we"ll have a conversation when you arrive about how this relationship is going to move forward." Without another word, the phone went dead.

Electra considered calling him back and telling him that she wouldn"t come if he was going to dictate to her but she realized that she"d missed him terribly over the past four days. She wanted to feel his strong arms around her and experience his magic touch once more. And she felt strong enough to handle whatever demands he threw at her.

Her grandmother laughed softly from her seat by the window, her cross stitch laying across her flowered dress in her lap."I can see from the look in your eyes that you"re angry with the man for whatever he just said, but don"t let that get in the way of seeing him this weekend. Go pack your bags and, while you"re at it, come up with a way to talk to him and work out your differences.I"ve told you over and over again that your temper is going to destroy you, dear. Don"t let it destroy a little sliver of happiness now. Leave that temper simmering until you"re old like me. Anger makes a poor bed-fellow. And even worse memories," she chided.

Electra"s hand dropped to her side and she stared at her elderly grandmother. "Aren"t you shocked that I"ll be spending the weekend with a man?" she asked tentatively.

Edna shook her head and waved her hand in the air dismissively. "Oh, pish," she said. "It"s about time you had a little romance in your life. Besides, I"d like a few grandchildren so if you don"t hurry up and find a man to help you with that then it will be too late."

Electra smiled and shook her head. Bending down to kiss her weathered cheek, she said, "Grandmother, you continue to astonish me," she said.

Her grandmother laughed softly. "Well, you just figure out a way to astonish me and learn to keep that temper of yours under control," she warned. "I saw the flare of anger in your eyes during that brief phone conversation and it won"t help me get my grandbabies," she warned teasingly.

Electra could only laugh in agreement as she skipped up the stairs. "Gerrard, I"m going to call the airlines to reserve four seats on a plane to Paris. Pack your bag!" she called from the top of the stairway.

She immediately picked up the phone and, within ten minutes, had all four of them booked on a first class plane to Paris in three hours. She called Dharr and left him a voice mail on her arrival time then happily packed a small suitcase filled with her prettiest clothes, singing under her breath as she packed and anticipated being in Dharr"s arms once again.

Later that evening, she walked down the gangway of the Paris airport. She looked around but didn"t see Dharr anywhere but she recognized one of his aides who immediately walked up to her and bowed. "Good evening," he said. "I"m to take you to the Paris apartment. Did you check your other bags?" he asked.

Electra shook her head. "No, this is all I have," she said, indicating the small carry-on luggage trailing behind her on wheels. She had no idea how much luggage the man expected her to bring for two days.

The man looked confused but nodded politely. "This way," he said and walked forward, guiding her through the busy airport.

She didn"t concern herself with Micha and the other guards. Let them follow her as best she could. She wasn"t going to let them hinder her in any way.

As she walked out of the airport into the heavily congested front gate, she immediately saw the limousine waiting out front with almost identical large, massively built guards as the three behind her. She thought it odd but knew that Dharr was extremely wealthy and probably had kidnapping concerns. Ducking into the back, she felt grateful for the relative quiet of the plush environment.

They were pulling up outside an ornate building in the heart of Paris and Electra was almost bouncing with the excitement of seeing Dharr once again. As soon as the car pulled up beside the curb, she jumped out of the car, not bothering to wait for the chauffer to come around and open the door. She walked through the lobby, smiling brightly at the doorman, Dharr"s assistant right behind her.

"Here is the key for your apartment," he said, handing her a large, old-fashioned key. "I"ll show you around the rooms," he said and walked in ahead of her. "The kitchen is through there," he said, pointing to a double set of doors. He continued to walk through the beautifully decorated apartment, giving her the name of the housekeeper and the cook who could be called upon to make more elaborate meals if she desired to entertain more lavishly than the cook"s normal fare.

When he led her to down the hall to what was obviously the bedrooms, she stopped him. "I think I can find my way through the rest of the place. Where is Dharr?" she asked.

The man stiffened slightly before he replied, "He should be arriving any moment now, madam," he said and backed quietly out of the apartment.

Electra looked around, stunned to see that this was not a hotel but an actual apartment complete with every conceivable luxury. She wandered into the bedroom and opened closets, finding some of Dharr"s clothes in one but the other was filled with women"s clothing, still in the plastic coverings with tags on. There were more clothes than a man could need in a single weekend and she assumed that this must be his own apartment for when he was in Paris. It was about a quarter of the size of his London flat but perhaps he didn"t stay here very often.

All thoughts and suppositions about the beautiful apartment were swept away when she heard the front door open. Running out of the bedroom, she hurried to the living room, for the first time wondering where her guards were, but not really caring as Dharr walked through the door.

At the first sight of him, her breath caught in her throat and she stopped short, taking in the overwhelming magnificence of him. He was wearing a dark suit and his hair was neatly combed but when his dark, intense eyes saw her, one hand reached up to pull his tie lose, his long, determined strides eating up the distance between their bodies.

When he reached her, he grabbed her around the waist and lifted her up so her mouth was almost even with his. His lips captured hers in a kiss meant to convey possession, absolute domination and Electra could no more deny that possession and power than she could stop her heart beat from racing.

Her arms wound around his neck and her legs around his hips and she couldn"t seem to get enough of him. She wanted this man unlike anything she"d ever desired and, being so new to the world of passion, she was unable to hide it from him. She wasn"t sure she would even if she were more experienced.

She had no idea of the passage of time or the movement of their bodies until she felt the soft mattress beneath her back and his warm hand against her naked breast. How her shirt had come off, she had no idea.

The rest of their clothes were removed just as quickly and she was gasping for breath as his hands roved all over her body, his fingers touching, his lips tasting, the rest of him moving in ways that elicited just as much passion and her mind whirled with the feelings. She tried to slow down, to figure out what to do and how she could touch him but he was merciless in his passion and she accepted his dominance, reveling in it and feeling powerful that she could also make him feel this way.

When he entered her, she cried out and felt complete for the first time in a week. Until he started moving that is. Then she wasn"t ready for the intensity of the feelings, the desire pounding within her as she clamored to find the release that would ease the painful yearning deep inside her.

When she finally climaxed, she could only scream as the waves rolled over her, crashing against her body as the pleasure increased, then slowly subsided, leaving her limp and exhausted, but also cradled gently in his arms.

He lifted off of her, bearing his weight on his arms as he looked down at her. "Good evening," he replied with a twinkle in his eyes.

Electra laughed, still trying to catch her breath. "Good evening to you," she replied just as formally. "How was your day?" she asked.

He threw back his head and laughed. "The ending was perfect," he said.

She sighed happily and speared her fingers through his hair."I agree," she replied.

"Will you always be this passionate when I walk through the door?" he asked, his head bending to nibble her ear lobe.

Electra wriggled, initially starting to evade his mouth but then accepted that this was exactly why she"d come to Paris. "I don"t know. Why don"t you go back out and try it again. I"ll see if I can rouse myself for the same performance," she said airily and her bottom was swatted for her efforts. She laughed and lifted her legs to wrap around his hips once again. "Perhaps I"m happy to have you right where you are after all," she said and groaned when his mouth covered her nipple. He"d never left her body so when he started to move in and out again, she was more than ready for the feelings. Chapter 6

Saturday morning dawned bright and early but Electra woke to find herself alone in bed. She bit her lower lip, wondering what one did in these kinds of situations. She"d never woken up in another man"s bed before. Well, she corrected, once but she didn"t think he would like it if she slipped out of the apartment and went home. She didn"t want to do that anyway. They had the whole weekend together and they"d spent one glorious night in bed together, laughing and making love, sipping champagne and nibbling on cheese and crackers for dinner instead of going out for a formal meal in a restaurant or having their privacy invaded by the cook.

But now the morning sunlight was streaming in through the long windows and she was naked underneath the white sheet. Chewing nervously on her lip, she wondered where Dharr was and how she was going to get from the bed to the bathroom without him seeing her naked. Even though he"d seen every part of her body by now, she was still shy. She wasn"t up for that kind of show just yet.

Deciding she should just brave the situation and pray that he wasn"t going to see her leap from the bed to the bathroom, she stood up and rushed across the floor, glad to find a terry robe hanging in the bathroom. She showered, then wrapped her hair in a big, fluffy towel and her body in the soft, white robe, rolling up the sleeves several times so her hands could come out the ends. She padded barefoot into the living room and stopped short when she caught sight of him sitting on the terrace eating a piece of toast and reading the newspaper. He was only wearing a pair of worn jeans but without a shirt, his legs stretched out underneath the glass topped table and his bare feet crossed at the ankles. He looked exactly like any romantic movie portrayed the man the morning after a wonderful night of making love.

She wanted to just stand there and watch him, amazed at how handsome he was, and how powerful looking in just the jeans but with his chest bare and glistening in the early morning sunshine.

He looked up and caught her staring and she blushed, wondering what he must think of her. But he only waved her toward him, then stood up and kissed her softly, lingeringly. "Good morning," he said, his voice deep and husky. "You look delicious in my robe," he said. He pulled her close, his hands holding onto her waist. "I"ll bet you"ll taste sweeter than the honey on the table," he said, his dark eyes looking down into her green ones with blazing desire shining through.

Electra laughed self-consc iously and pushed gently at his chest. "Don"t tease," she said and slipped into one of the comfortable chairs. She reached out and poured herself a cup almost half full with coffee, then the rest she filled with cream, uncaring this time if he considered her coffee simply a cream and sugar transport mechanism.

"I was wondering about that," he said softly as he picked up his own cup and took a sip. "Wondering about what?" she asked as she scooped two large spoonfuls of sugar into the delicate bone china.

"Why you were grimacing the other day when you drank your coffee black. Now I understand," he said.

She looked at him with her lashes lowered and said, "You don"t really understand, but that"s okay." A part of her wanted to tell him everything about her past, the silly guards, the man who thought she had to be protected, even from herself. But it was too fine of a morning for sad thoughts and she wanted to enjoy this dynamic man"s company without any of the worries she normally carried around. For the next thirty six hours, she was just a woman without cares or concerns.

"What is on the agenda today?" she asked.

"How about a shopping trip?" he suggested.

She pulled a grimace. "Shopping? In Paris? I know this is the fashion capital of the world, but wouldn"t it be more interesting to see some of the museums? I"ve never been to Paris."

He considered her words for a long moment, his eyes taking in her amazingly beautiful features, clean of makeup with her hair twisted into the thick towel. A woman who didn"t want to spend his time in tedious shops and his money on clothes she couldn"t wear? Even more intriguing!

"What museums would you like to see?" he asked, ignoring the desire to ask her more questions about her dislike of shopping.

She bit her lip and gauged his reaction. "Well, would you m ind terribly if we went up the Eiffel Tower?" she asked. "I know it seems very touristy but I"ve never been. Nor have I seen the Champs Elysee and I"ve heard that the stairs go up a dark, scary hallway." She wriggled her eye brows across the table at him, "I"ll race you!" she challenged, seeing that he was weakening.

Dharr laughed outright and shook his head. "How about if we compromise?"

She took a sip of her coffee and watched him from over the rim of her cup. "I"m listening."

"I"ll take you to every tourist attraction you want," he said, leaning back casually against the back of the chair, the epitome of a commanding male with his washboard stomach and sexy, not-yetshaved profile, "but then we patronize some of my favorite stores. Deal?" he asked.

Electra nibbled on a piece of toast, wondering what could be wrong with his agreement. Why would he be challenging her with a shopping trip? And he was definitely challenging her, she knew from the daring looking his eyes. He didn"t think she would agree and a part of her suspected she shouldn"t. But what harm would come of a simple shopping trip if it made him happy? He was willing to do what she wanted in the morning, she could meet him halfway.

Of course, she didn"t really need any new clothes but if that"s what he wanted, who was she to stop him? Maybe he wanted her to dress in more sophisticated outfits instead of the casual jeans she"d been wearing yesterday when he"d walked into the apartment. "Sure. Why not?" she finally agreed. The flare of triumph that came into his eyes made her hesitate but she couldn"t imagine what the problem might be.

Just as he promised, Dharr took her through all the Parisian tourist "s sites. Since she was in the back of the limousine with Dharr and the tinted windows made it a little difficult to see outside, she just enjoyed watching him as they talked about nothing in particular. If she"d made the effort to look out the window, she"d have seen the police escort which blocked off side streets, easing their way through the city to each of the major attractions.

They hit the Eiffel Tower first and Electra was thrilled with the wind whipping through her hair as they walked along the steel sidewalk at the top and looked down at all the people meandering through the park, looking like tiny ants from this distance. They hit the Louvre but only had time to see some of the larger exhibits such as the Mona Lisa or Napoleon"s "apartment", then a walk down the street toward the Champs Elysee. Electra had spied the magnificent structure from the entrance to the Louvre and she"d thought a walk would be nice. But it was much longer than she"d anticipated.

It was still thrilling and she loved walking hand in hand with Dharr, asking him questions about his previous visits to the spectacular city and all the various other places he"d visited throughout his lifetime. She found that he was a very well traveled man and was impressed that he remembered so much about his visits.

Once in the Champs Elysee, she started at the bottom of the stairs and looked up. "Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked, one eyebrow raised as he noticed her staring warily up at the dark, yellowed-withage corridor. "There"s an elevator off to the side which most of the other visitors take."

Electra considered it for all of two seconds. Then she shook her head. "Nope," she replied, still looking warily up at the corridor. "I want to do the stairs." With another deep breath, she plunged ahead, almost racing up the stairs, eager to reach the top.

Halfway up, she stopped to catch her breath, her hands holding onto the railing. "I"m not sure this was such a good idea," she laughed and saw what now seemed to be endless stairs.

Dharr stood behind her. "I"m enjoying it immensely," he said. Electra turned and looked down at him, only to find his gaze on her derriere instead of up ahead.

Turning around, her hands ineffectually covered her bottom. "You...!" she sputtered, laughing at his lascivious expression. "Do you have a one track mind?" she asked.

He took the last two steps separating them and pinned her against the wall. "When you"re cute little bottom is right in front of me, yes. I can only think of one thing. That"s taking you into my arms, my hands cradling your bottom as I push myself into your softness," he said and his mouth covered hers, his teeth biting her bottom lip, then sucking it gently. "Any other questions?" he asked, one hand covering her bottom just the way he"d described it a moment before.

She was still breathless, but now for a different reason, the stairs and close hallway forgotten as his mouth covered hers.

" Toujour amour!" a voice said from slightly below them on the stairs. Electra pulled away from him quickly, her face turning red as she realized their kiss was holding up about ten students who were also climbing the stairs to the top.

She smiled and turned quickly away, heading up the stairs with more purpose. When they reached the top, she was excited to see the traffic below and around them. And when Dharr"s arms wrapped around her from behind, she smiled into his laughing eyes, her hair whipping around them.

"Was the climb worthwhile?" he asked in his husky, sexy deep voice.

She laughed. "Absolutely," she replied.

They strolled through Notre Dame, Montmartre and he even bought her a chocolate crepe which was made by a street vendor while they watched, although she suspected the only reason he bought it for her was so he could lick the chocolate off her face when she was finished. Electra didn"t mind at all except for the fact that, when he was finished sensuously cleaning her face, she wanted him to finish satisfying her. Between the kiss in the Champs Elysee and the chocolate crepe, she was desperate for him in a way she"d never felt about any other man.

After a lovely lunch at a sidewalk cafe, he announced, "Now that we"ve been to all of your choices, the afternoon is mine." Without explaining where they were going, he pulled her into the limousine that had been driving them all over the city and took her to a very pretty little boutique. But inside, the store was filled with lingerie, some of it made up completely of lace in all different colors, others in satin, corsets, demi bras, all types of panties. Dharr when through the store with an assistant and pointed to the various items he wanted, choosing so many colors and styles Electra could barely remember them all. When the items were packed up, paid for and stored in the limousine, Electra was both excited and nervous about what he might expect.

"Now where do we go?" she asked, eagerly anticipating his possible answers. Would he want to go somewhere else to shop? She desperately hoped not. Electra was so turned on at the prospect of wearing some of her new under things she could barely think.

"Now we go home," he said with a gleam in his eyes that Electra couldn"t misinterpret.

Back at the apartment, the chauffer carried all the packages into the beautiful living room and left quietly. Dharr picked up box after box, obviously searching for something particular. She almost gasped when he stopped, having found what he was looking for. The set of black lace suspended from his fingers, the little pieces of nothing dangling on his index finger as he approached. "These first," he said and, after handing them to her, sat down on the sofa, relaxed as if he were about to watch a football game.

Electra smiled tentatively, more turned on than she wanted to admit. "I"ll be right back," she said.

She slipped into the bedroom and came out a few minutes later wearing the black lace. The bra barely covered her nipples and the underwear barely covered her bottom but she felt pretty and sexy as she sauntered out in front of him. She tried to pretend she was just a fashion model doing her job, but when his eyes lit up at her appearance, she could no longer feign casualness any longer. She wanted to feel his hands on her and press herself into his hard planes. But he only sat there, his eyes glowing from the desire as he watched her walk back and forth.

"Well?" she said, frustrated that he wouldn"t pull her into his arms and make love to her.

"Now the red one," he said and picked up the box containing a red satin bra and panties set. This one at least had a robe to go with it, so she took all three pieces to the bedroom and changed hurriedly.

When she walked out, she was completely covered with the robe. "How"s this one?" she asked, twirling around.

"Take off the robe and let me see," he said softly, his deep voice revealing how much he liked the outfit.

She turned so her back was facing him and untied the sash. Slowly, she lowered the robe to her waist. "Like it?" she asked, her head turned coquettishly to the side.

"I"d like it even better if you"d turn around," he ordered.

Instead, she lowered the robe further, revealing the thong of her underwear and almost gasped when she felt his hands on her bottom, then sliding upwards to her slim waist. "Turn around," he ordered again, his hands spinning her around to make sure she complied.

His eyes were hot as he took in the satin that pushed her breasts higher and his finger trailed down the cleft, then back up the satin and sliding inside, teasing her by not touching the nipple. Electra"s head fell backwards and her body almost sank down into the thick carpeting beneath her feet. She leaned into him but he wouldn"t give her what she wanted. "Please," she breathed.

He was relentless and pushed her back so her bottom was on the back of the chair. With expertise, he unsnapped the bra, tossing it off to the side as his fingers continued their exploration. He touched her with nothing else but the tips of his fingers but he left nothing untouched. All over, wildfire burned across her skin while her hands held onto the chair behind her. Kneeling in front of her, he slowly slid the red satin down her legs and moved between her knees.

Electra"s head was spinning with the pleasure of just his fingers but when his mouth covered her, she gasped and fell back against the edge of the chair. Dharr held her steady as his mouth brought her to an almost instantaneous climax. He allowed her a small reprieve before he discarded his own clothes and moved inside her. She was unable to breath, think and barely move because of her position on the chair but the whole experience made her feel vulnerable and sexy. After only a few thrusts, she was shaking with her second climax and hanging onto his broad shoulders as if he were the only solid force in the world.

He quickly followed with his own release, then gently picked her up and carried her to the bedroom where he continued to make love to her for the next three hours.

That night, sitting in the opera, Electra glanced over at the man next to her. Her whole world had changed in the past seven days and she was not sure how to gain control of it again. Dharr had control of her body with just a single touch. He was basically hers to command and, although she liked it in the bedroom, she thought about how wonderful it had been walking through the streets of Paris with him. This was much more than just sex, she realized. What had turned out to be a time for her to have an affair with a man more glorious than any of her dreams, had turned out to be something different.

She wasn"t sure what it could be, but she was certainly enjoying herself. Sighing happily, she turned back to face the stage, the actors doing a very good job of Camille but she wasn"t paying much attention to them. She was reliving every moment of their morning and afternoon together, hoping that tomorrow would be just as fun.

Chapter 7

Monday dawned gloomy and boring after a dazzling weekend spent with Dharr. She was still excited to see all the kids again, but without him to wake up next to, there was just something missing.

For the next five days, she worked hard to gain more experience at the school. She"d learned a great deal during her years at school, but applying her knowledge while absorbing the reality of teaching was exhausting. The children were delightful and Dharr called every evening to ask her about her day. He never revealed anything about his own day except for silly things people said or did which always made her laugh. But when she hung up the phone, she wished she had asked more about him. He always seemed very interested in her day and what she"d done and she was felt self-centered when she realized that she hadn"t heard anything about his day.

I t wasn"t just about that she wanted to reciprocate, she thought as she flicked off her light one night and stared out the dark window at the stars and moon. She found that she wanted to know more about the man. She wanted to know everything there was to learn about him. She found him intellectually fascinating as well as physically appealing.

She chuckled and pulled the covers up higher. The term "appealing" wasn"t enough for what she felt for Dharr. There was something about him that lured her in an elemental way. It wasn"t just his looks. It was a combination of his dominating personality, his dangerous looks and the aura of power that surrounded him. Throw in an obviously superior intelligence and that gorgeous body and Electra knew she was completely infatuated with the man. She should be concerned but she didn"t examine what had become, in a short span of time, an addiction.

Thursday night, she picked up her cell phone, answering it on the first ring, knowing it would be Dharr. "Hello!" she sing-songed.

"Good evening, sunshine. What are you doing this weekend?" he asked and her heart skipped a beat when she heard the smile in his voice.

"Hmmm...." She started off saying. "I have loads of laundry to do and I might weed the garden. What areyou doing?" she asked.

"How about if I send someone over to do your laundry and weeding for you and you come skiing with me?" he suggested.

Electra laughed, delighted with his skiing idea but unwilling to have him pay someone to do her laundry. "The skiing is a deal. The other stuff, no way."

"Why not?" he asked. "Because I can do my own laundry and my grandmother would kill me if I dug in her garden so it was just a way to tease you. I actually don"t know the difference between a dandelion and a lily."

"Good. Give me your address and I"ll have someone pick you up tomorrow morning," he said.

Electra"s mood immediately dropped. Why did they talk about this each time he wanted to see her? Was this going to become an issue? Or was there some way she could make him understand how important this job was to her?"Dharr, I can"t leave tomorrow. I have to work," she said softly but firmly.

He was equally firm. "No. You don"t need to work. Quit your job and come skiing with me. I"ll take care of you."

Electra suppressed an angry response, remembering her grandmother"s advice on how she needed to control her temper. "That"s not possible. I like working and, with the amount I get paid, money isn"t really the issue."

There was a long pause and Electra waited tensely for his response. She desperately hoped this would not be the end of their relationship. If he was adamant, would she give up her job? Was she that pathetic with her need to see him? To be with him? No! She couldn"t do that. Her self-respect was on the line here and she would just have to firm up her resolve. There was no way she could live without this job. As addicted to Dharr as she knew she had become, she also was addicted to the thrill of her position and the laughter of the children, not to mention the love of seeing their fascination with the world and with learning.

"What are you telling me?" he said, his voice suddenly ominous.

Gripping her phone tightly and closing her eyes so she could remain firmly in control of both her anger and her resolve, she explained as patiently as possible, "I"m telling you that I have to work tomorrow. If you still want me to go skiing, then I"ll catch a plane out tomorrow afternoon when school lets out. But I won"t let you pay for my plane ticket either."

There was a long pause before he said, "I can see we forgot to have our conversation last weekend. Fine, call me with the details of your flight and I"ll have someone meet you," he said. He gave her a phone number and then rung off, but Electra could tell that he was still angry with her.

Electra had trouble sleeping that night, thoughts of their brief conversation running through her mind. The man thought he could have everything his way but she was going to teach him the art of compromise, she vowed. He was obviously extremely wealthy and with wealth came power and power meant getting his own way. It was time for a wakeup call. And she was definitely the woman for the job.

Toward dawn, having gotten no sleep as she tossed and turned, she wondered if she was really the right person to take Dharr down a peg or two in his arrogance. Maybe he"d just move on to the next woman, someone who would be more compliant.

The thought of Dharr holding another woman made her stomach churn with anger and disgust. She hated the idea and wanted to rip out the unknown woman"s hair. She was being silly, she thought as she tossed the covers back and stumbled to the shower.

The water revived her muddled, sleep deprived mind and several cups of coffee during the day helped as well. But the moment she stepped onto the flight to Switzerland, her mind started working in overtime. Would he still be angry? Would this be their last weekend together?

Electra knew it was her exhaustion making her mind crazy so she tried to relax and lay her head down against the reclining chair. But the idea of another woman in Dharr"s arms hadn"t left her mind and closing her eyes only made her jealousy more intense as her head created images of him moving on.

When the plane landed, she gritted her teeth. If he was going to move on to a more compliant and pathetic woman, then let him. She didn"t need him, she reminded herself. She"d lived twenty four years with out the man, she could easily get over him. She"d only known him for threeweeks so he wasn"t quite the addiction she"d thought he was.

And if that was a lie?

Electra ignored that idea. Staring out the windows of the limousine he"d had waiting for her, she could barely make out the snow covered streets but she could care less if there was a beach house with sand surrounding it or snow piled ten feet deep. She was too tired for anything and Dharr was on that list.

But then she walked into the lovely log cabin and saw him talking on a cell phone. All thoughts of other women, of leaving him, of anything other than falling into his arms was forgotten.

Dharr took one look at her when she walked through the door and cut off his conversation, tossing the phone onto a table and walking swiftly toward the woman who looked about ready to fall into the floor.

"What"s wrong?" he asked as he lifted her up into his arms.

"Nothing," she said but the effect was lost when she sniffled into his neck.

He pulled back and noted the dark circles under her eyes and the tense posture. "Talk to me. What has you so upset?" he demanded, pulling her close, the need to protect her leaping out at him. He frowned, not understanding or liking the need to protect. He"d always considered women gentle and would never physically hurt them. But this need wasn"t about the physical. Dharr realized that, for the first time, he was concerned about a woman"s mental and emotional protection. In the past, he"d expected the women he"d been with to be uncomplicated and served only one purpose, to warm his bed when it was convenient to him.

This woman snuggling in his arms, crying softly, didn"t fit the mold. She wasn"t acting properly and he knew he should find a woman who was more appropriate mistress material. Butsince meeting her, he hadn"t even looked at another woman in a sexual way.

He listened to her sniffling die down and felt her body relax. He was astonished when, twenty minutes later, he realized that she"d fallen asleep in his arms.

A woman had fallen asleep on him? Ludicrous! Impossible?

Dharr looked down at her sleeping expression, her beautiful, expressive eyes shuttered from his gaze. He liked her eyes, he knew. He could tell everything she was thinking since her emotions were written all over her face. He"d learned early in life to school his features so no one could read his thoughts. His body language, his expressions, his mannerisms all oriented toward not revealing any secrets the international press might latch onto. He understood that every word he spoke, every action in public, every raised eyebrow would be analyzed for hidden references. Saying "good morning" in the wrong way could change the stock markets for the day.

Sighing heavily, he stood up and inhaled the scent of her soft perfume. She was too light, he thought as he carried her into the bedroom. He pulled off her boots and took the clip out of her hair. Looking down at her, he knew he should just pull the covers over her and leave her to sleep. He had no idea why she was so exhausted but he"d definitely get to the bottom of that issue tomorrow morning. He didn"t like her working herself so hard that she became comatose the moment she saw him.

Unsatisfied, Dharr carefully unsnapped her jeans, then pulled them gently off her, revealing her soft, creamy skin. He almost groaned when he saw her black lace underwear. It was the first underwear he"d had her try on last weekend.

Curiosity won over and, instead of being the gentleman, he unbuttoned her sweater and slipped that off as well. Sure enough, her full, heavy breasts were encased, barely, in the matching black lace bra.

Dharr gritted his teeth, already aching to be inside her, to feel her soft body wrap around his length. Soon, he thought. He"d give her a few hours of sleep, then wake her later.

He pulled the blanket up over her curves, shut off the light and walked out of the bedroom. Spending the evening on the phone was not how he"d planned on spending his evening. Especially since most of his concentration was on her instead of the conversations.

Electra woke up with the sun shining brightly on her face. Trying to throw her arm over eyes didn"t help so instead, she wiggled away, toward the source of heat she"d found. Not wanting to wake up just yet, she sighed softly, curving her body towards the furnace.

She felt as well as heard Dharr"s laughter. "Oh, no you don"t, lovely lady," he said and pulled her more firmly against him, rolling over so her soft body was pinned underneath him. His head bent to nuzzle her neck, finishing the process of waking her up.

"Dharr!" she gasped, pulling her arms out from underneath her and grabbing onto his broad shoulders.

"That"s a much better response," he murmured and moved on to her shoulder, nibbling and kissing his way down to her nipple.

"What happened last night?" she asked, smiling and arching into his mouth and hands.

"You fell asleep on me." His hands were everywhere, making her moan softly as he rediscovered each small area of her body that was sensitive to his touch. "Don"t let that happen again," he growled when his fingers reached between her legs and discovered how ready she was for him.

Electra couldn"t hide her reaction and when his fingers found her core, she whimpered, needing something other than his fingers inside her. "Stop teasing, Dharr," she said harshly, her mouth falling open as sensations ripped through her body. "Please, no more!" she almost yelled.

"You made me wait," he said and moved his fingers slightly. "I don"t like waiting."

"Sorry," she said, her nails digging into his shoulder. "You should have woken me up."

"You were too tired," he said and pulled his hand away. Only to replace it with himself.

Her heat welcomed him and Electra moved slightly, trying to accommodate his size, forcing her body to relax. When he was fully inside her, she looked up at him, licking her dry lips and smiling. "I missed you too," she said and moved her hips the way he"d taught her, enjoying the surprise that streaked across his face.

Dharr was stunned at how much their bodies worked together. Being inside this slender beauty felt as if he was coming home. He didn"t like that feeling. It shocked too many of his beliefs onto the floor. Needing to gain control, he slipped his arm underneath her hips and rolled her over, trapping her legs to the side of his hips. "Wrap your legs around me," he commanded.

Electra"s eyes widened with the new position. She could already feel her body tightening, the sensations stronger and it scared her. "No," she gasped.

"Wrap them, Ellie," he ordered and moved once again, enjoying how her head fell backwards. "Do it."

Ellie couldn"t ignore him any longer. Her body was poised and she knew he wouldn"t let her have what she needed until she followed his orders. Despite her better judgment, she complied, then almost screamed as the pleasure coursed through her when his body moved. "Dharr!" she cried out, her head thrashing back and forth on the bed. Her hands could only clench the sheets, unable to reach him from this position. He was completely in control and the feelings of helplessness only increased the pleasure.

In the end, when the climaxed finally took her body, she wasn"t able to control herself. Her voice screamed out, over and over again as he took her to a pinnacle that she"d never dreamed possible. And when her body had finally calmed, her nerves, her muscles and even her bones melting into the soft mattress, she couldn"t even form the words to thank himfor what he"d done to her. She was simply too weak to speak.

So when he pulled her close and held her as she fell back to sleep, she showed him in the only way she knew how what she was feeling. She curled her body up against his, her mouth kissing him gently on the neck before sleep once again took her into its soft escape.

It was past lunchtime when she woke up again. Looking around, she saw that the bed was in complete turmoil, the blanket and sheets completely dislodged from the mattress and only one pillow still on the bed. She was pretty sure the pillows against the wall were her doing, having been thrown out of the way when she needed to become one with that man.

"Your awake," a deep voice said from the doorway.

Electra looked across the room, her face immediately turning bright red when she saw the satisfied look on his face. The smile turned sexy as he walked toward her, his jeans hugging his hips and the turtleneck hugging his bulging muscles.

"I"m awake," she repeated, pulling the sheet more firmly around her naked breasts.

He leaned down to kiss her. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

Electra realized that she was famished. She"d missed both lunch and dinner yesterday, too upset and exhausted to eat anything. Then she"d obviously slept through breakfast today. "Yes. I"m very hungry," she answered, her eyes looking at his chin, unable to meet his eyes.

She heard his laughter and glanced up. "What"s so funny?" she asked, wanting to reach out and touch him but too embarrassed bywhat they"d done earlier.

"You are," he responded, a finger reaching out to touch her cheek. "And you"re perfectly pink skin, eyes that can"t meet mine and your delectable body which you"re trying to hide underneath that sheet." He let his gaze travel down to her breasts, seeing how her nipples puckered through the sheet. "You"re sweet, and beautiful. And I can"t wait to get you to do that with me again."

Electra sucked in a deep breath. "Again?" she asked, already her body responding. "You mean,you don"t think..." she started to ask him if he"d thought worse of her for participating in such a daring sexual position but he stopped her by placing a finger over her mouth.

"Don"t say another word." He said. "There"s nothing wrong with what we sh are in this bed. You"re a very passionate woman and I"m grateful you"re willing to share that passion with me."

There weren"t many things that would have made her feel better, but his words did the trick. She smiled tentatively up at him. "Really?" she asked.

"Really," he replied, holding back his laughter as he saw the relief break through her features. "Now, how about some food, then we can hit the slopes." He pulled her up and carried her to the bathroom. "Unless you"d like a repeat performance right now," he said as he released her legs and saw her body.

Electra immediately grabbed a towel and covered her front. "I think I could use a shower," she said and took a step away, needing just a little space to get her thoughts together. The past fortyeight hours, she"d felt as if she"d been on an emotional roller coaster.

He chuckled and ignored her backward step, pulling her into his arms and kissing her. "I like the back view just as much as the front," he said a moment before he released her and walked out of the bathroom.

Electra didn"t understand until she turned slightly and saw the huge mirror. She"d covered her front, but he"d had a full view of her bottom in the mirror.

She took only a few minutes in the shower since the warm water and scented soap rubbing along her body only reminded her of how incredible Dharr"s lovemaking turned out to be. He was a master and she felt as if her body were slipping out of control. Even a shower now was turning her on and all she could think about was how fast she could get back to him, be with him, make love with him. What had happened to the need for a little space?

Grabbing the towel again in self disgust, she toweled herself dry, then wrapped herself in it, padding barefoot to the bedroom. All of her clothes had been unpacked but she found a pair of jeans, long sleeved tee-shirt and sexy underwear already out for her. She suspected that Dharr had chosen this ensemble since the underwear was red.

Slipping into the clothes, she thought hard about what was going on, what her body needed and what her mind could take. Was she setting herself up for heartache by having this affair with Dharr? And she didn"t even shy away from that word. That"s exactly what she was having. It was a mind-blowing affair with a powerful, overwhelming, handsome man of the world. Everything they"d done together, both in and out of bed, had been so much more than she"d anticipated.

Her self-introspection was going to have to wait though. Her stomach growled and Electra acknowledged that she couldn"t put off eating any longer, no matter how much her mind told her she needed space to think things through.

Opening the door to the bedroom, she walked into the great room and eventually found Dharr seated in an overstuffed sofa watching hockey. He smiled when she walked up and within moments, a large tray of food was brought to her. There was fragrant chili with all the fixings and a large pan of corn bread.

"Chili?" she laughed, stunned by the lunch offerings. "I never would have thought you"d like such an American meal." Her stomach was too demanding to care about anything at the moment but filling it so she leaned forward and filled a bowl, added sour cream and cheese, then leaned back in the sofa, tucking her feet underneath her before tasting the delicious smelling meal. "Oh, this is delicious."

"I"m glad you like it. It"s one of my favorite meals whenever I go skiing."

"Have you been out to the slopes yet?" she asked.

"Nope. I"ve been waiting for you."

That shocked her. "I"m so sorry! You should have gone while I was sleeping."

"I waited. And the wait was well compensated," he grinned wickedly. "I don"t feel deprived inany way."

They ate, talked, skied and made love for the rest of the we ekend. Electra wasn"t surprised when she flew back to London without ever speaking to another soul besides Dharr. Nor did she have any desire to. It was as if their weekends together were special and needed to be packed with only the two of them. And everywhere they went, he would touch her or kiss her, to the point that, midway down one run during a break, he pulled her off to the side so they were hidden by the trees and kissed her till she was senseless. He was ruthless in his passion that weekend, showing her in so many ways how much she had to learn about sex and relationships.

Chapter 8

"Do you like the apartment?" Dharr asked, his hand skimming down Electra"s spine making her wiggle.

"Yes," she sighed, closing her eyes as her body came awake. "It"s beautiful." They were back in the Paris apartment a month after their skiing trip. The month had been full of wonder and anticipation as she met Dharr in all sorts of cities. She"d never traveled to so many places in her life, nor had she spent so much money. She"d definitely dented her bank account meeting him in all the exotic places. Not that he would allow her to pay for anything once they arrived. In fact, money was never even mentioned nor seen. Everything seemed to be paid for in advance. Private museum tours, operas, ballets, dinners at exclusive restaurants, touring the countryside, all of it was mysteriously and anonymously arranged as if by magic. It was a little disconcerting when Electra stopped to think about it but, since Dharr rarely allowed her time to think when he was around, she hadn"t considered too many angles of their time together.

"When can you move in?" he asked, his hand slipping around to the front of her, capturing a nipple between his fingers.

Electra laughed . "I don"t like it that much," she said and squirmed around so she was facing him. "Why would I move in here? The commute would kill me," she said teasingly.

She barely heard his sigh, but it was there nonetheless. "You"re going to have to quit your job, Ellie. You don"t make enough money to justify working, much less all the time you put into those kids. Besides, I want you to focus only on me," he said, his rough face bending to nuzzle her neck.

His words chilled Electra and she pulled away, enough so that she could look at his face. She didn"t really like what she saw. "What are you saying?" she asked, trying to control her temper and not make any assumptions about what he was asking of her. Her grandmother would be proud because six weeks ago, she would have already been livid, pulling away and running as fast as she could the other way.

He stopped kissing her neck, realizing she was serious about her confusion. Looking down into her eyes, he smiled, sure that the idea of becoming his mistress would be thrilling to her. "I want you to move in here. I"ll visit you as often as I can but while I"m not here, you"ll have plenty of money to entertain you."

Electra pulled away even further and sat up, fully awake and pushing the desire he"d stoked to the side. "Just to be clear, you want me to quit my job that I just started a few weeks ago, move to a strange country into an apartment I don"t own and be at your beck and call for whenever you deign to visit me. Do I have that straight?" she asked with a tightness in her chest she"d never felt around him. Their time together was always special and filled with romance and heated passion. Controversial subjects were immediately pushed to the side, both of them knowing they had too little time together to waste it on arguments.

Dharr laughed and pulled her down so she was underneath him again, his body covering hers in order to suppress her angry movements. "You make it sound worse than it is. But think of all the nights we"d have just like last night," he suggested.

Electra was having none of that. She pulled herself out from underneath him, dragging the sheet behind her and climbing out of bed. "In other words, you want me to become your mistress, is that right?" she asked, her temper on full boil now.

Dharr sighed and stood up next to her, completely naked but unconcerned about it. "Is there something wrong with that term?" he asked.

"Besides being the ultimate insult to any woman you offer it to?" she almost yelled. His offer had hurt her more than she was willing to admit and she hoped she could hide her pain from him. He wanted her to become his mistress! There was a huge difference between having an affair with him and becoming his mistress. There was an equality issue she wasn"t willing to delve into. "Do you have so little respect for me and what I want out of life that you could offer me nothing better than to be a...." She struggled for a way to describe his offer, "an employee? A prostitute?" she finally spit out. "Is that what I am to you? Is that what you think of me?" she asked, her voice going from an almost yell to one of horror. She backed away several steps, not wanting him to touch her.

He put his hands on his hips as he watched her face turn angry and hurt. This wasn"t going at all as he"d anticipated their conversation going. In the past, the women he"d set up in this apartment were all thrilled with the arrangements. But then, he was talking to Ellie and she"d never done the expected. "It isn"t like that," he said, his anger rising to the surface. "You know we"re good together. What"s wrong with making the situation more convenient for both of us?" he suggested, his tone coaxing and he reached for her arms, about to pull her into his arms and carry her back to bed where they communicated more effectively.

She quickly shied away from his touch, twisting around and backing up several more steps. "Don"t touch me! I"m not a..." she couldn"t finish her sentence. She looked around, newly aware of her surroundings. Then a thought struck her. "Was there another woman here before me?" she demanded.

The look in his eyes told her everything she needed to know. "Uh!" she groaned, hiding her face in her hands as the realization came that she was just another in a long line of women. "I"m just the next one, aren"t I?" She looked around. "I"m not anything more than your next whore! How long was it between women?"

Dharr started to say something, not even venturing to tell her the truth but ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. "That"s not the point. And don"t ever call yourself a whore again!"

"It"s exactly the point," she countered angrily. "And let"s just call things by their appropriate name and not beat around the bush. You"re offering to put me up in this apartment, give me an allowance and in return, all you expect of me is sex. Am I missing something?" she demanded angrily."If that"s not the definition of a whore, I"m not sure what it would be!"

"You"re being ridiculous," he countered, turning back to pull on a pair of jeans. "A whore works off the street and sells her body."

Electra wiped a tear angrily from her cheek before she replied, "You"re just discussing geography."

"You"re being overly sensitive. I don"t think of you in that way and I never have. So don"t put labels on something that isn"t there."

Electra looked around the room again, noting the romantic slant to the decorating, the extra big bed and all the lovely skin lotions that had been in the bathroom when she"d arrived for the first time six weeks ago. "I can"t believe this! I"m just your next mistress," she said. It was no longer a question but a statement. Her eyes were vulnerable when she turned to face him once again. "In my mind, you"ve shown me everything, given me so much pleasure I actually ache duringthe nights we"re not together. But to you I"m not even important enough in your life to warrant anything more than..." She stopped the words, afraid of what she"d say. She turned to look at him, the hurt and humiliation shining through in her eyes. But instead of arguing any longer, she turned and walked into the bathroom, ignoring him when he called her to stop.

"Ellie, this is ridiculous. You"re completely misinterpreting my offer."

In response, she walked faster into the bathroom, slamming and locking the door behind her. She showered quickly and took the robe down from the back of the door, wrapping it around her from neck to almost her ankles. She didn"t know if he would still be out in the bedroom, but right now, all she wanted to do was get as far away from him as possible.

When she walked back in, she didn"t see him anywhere and ignored the stab of disappointment. She dressed in a pair of jeans and light sweater, pulling on tennis shoes and simply tying her hair back in a pony tail, uncaring how messy she looked. All she wanted to do was leave here and get back home, lick her wounds and start to forget this horrible weekend. With his words and his assumption that she would be grateful for the exalted position as his mistress, hehad tarnished what they shared, all that she"d thought of himand everything she"d thought about their relationship.

As she stuffed clothes into her suitcase, she laughed harshly and had to wipe the tears away from her cheek. Relationship? What relationship, she asked herself. To him, she wasn"t a woman with feelings and intelligence who had something to offer him. She was a body, a convenience. She was a plaything, she thought with horror.

"Why are you crying?" he asked, fully dressed in yet another immaculately tailored suit. Gone were the casual slacks and open neck shirts and back in place was the business man.

Electra reached up and wiped her cheeks, surprised to find her fingers come away with wetness. "Because you hurt me," she said, uncaring what he thought about her now.

"I don"t see how my wish for you to be with me when it is possible would be painful to you," he grated out, anger flaring for the first time since she"d known him.

Electra shook her head, wishing she could just walk out. But the past few days had been too wonderful and her feet would not take her out of the apartment. Her bag was packed, her tickets and passport in her hand but something held her back. She glanced at him over her shoulder, seeing him casually leaning against the door frame. He had no idea what he"d done to her pride. No one had ever asked him to....

Her mind stopped immediately and considered her last thought. No one had ever offered him the same suggestion, the same opportunity. He couldn"t know how insulting his offer was because he"d been insulated from the real world. But she could change that, she thought wryly. She had pride and she wasn"t going to go down without a fight. What they"d shared deserved at least that she try to make him understand what a horrible situation being a mistress would be.

Wiping her cheeks, she straightened her shoulders and turned to face him, one shoulder dropping slightly, her tongue sticking out with sexual provocation as she surveyed his appearance once again.

"You know, you might not have such a bad idea," she started off, crossing her arms over her stomach and walking around him, looking him up and down as if he were an object. "You know, I have quite a bit of money myself, but I like my job a lot."

"I think I can understand your perspective now."

Dharr"s body reacted to both her newly sensuous pose as well as the come hither look in her eyes. If he was a little disappointed that she"d accepted his offer, well, that was to be expected. He"d liked her being different. But only during special moments, he reminded himself. Now that she"d become the expected, perhaps he would be able to work her out of his system. Normalcy, he thought. That"s what he needed. And now things were back on track.

Her next words blew him away. "I like your suggestion but with a twist if you don"t mind."

He pushed away from the doorway and moved toward her. "Name it. It"s yours."

"Shouldn"t you be more cautious of your promises?" she teased.

Dharr was instantly erect and all he wanted was to get this conversation over with so he could toss her back onto the bed and make love to her. "I can honestly say there isn"t much you could ask for that I could not deliverto you."

Her smile should have given him warning but he was concentrating on the vulnerability, and the lingering hurt still in her eyes. "Like I said, your suggestion definitely has merit but let"s turn it around. How about if you quit your job and move to London? I"m usually finished with the kids by late afternoon and could come visit you as soon as I"m done. Except on the nights when I need to work late." She tapped the side of her chin as if considering all the conditions. "Or research lesson plans. Or set up the ideas for the next day. But you understand how busy work can get, don"t you? And what"s more, you won"t need to work anymore. I"m sure that we can find something you"ll like just as much as your job if we just put our minds to it."

Dharr stared at her, her words not making any sense. "Are you saying you" re willing to become my mistress if I set up an apartment in London instead of Paris?" He couldn"t believe it was that easy. "Consider it done," he said and walked more quickly across the room, his mind instantly filling with ideas on what he wanted to do to her delectable body encased in those horrible jeans. He"d toss them out and forbid her to wear them ever again. He preferred her in silks and satins, or nothing at all.

"Now, hold on, sailor," she teased , putting up a hand to stop his forward advance. "I"m not sure you understand where I"m going with this," she said. "I don"t want an apartment in London.There"s a really beautiful house down the street from me and I could put you up there. Not you putting me up somewhere. Like I said a moment ago, I might be busy some nights, and,of course during the day, I"d have to work, but there"s lots of things to do.And I"m sure there are some of the moms around town who could give you tips on what to do during the day."

She didn"t look at his eyes, knowing she wouldn"t be able to continue if she saw the look in his eyes. But she raised one finger so it touched the side of her face, as if considering something very deeply. "You"ll need credit cards, of course. Don"t worry, honey, I can put you up in style. The weekdays I"ll be pretty busy, but the weekends, well, let"s just see what happens, shall we?"

Dharr stared at the slip of a woman who continuously threw him out of the expected. "What are you suggesting, Ellie?" he asked, moving toward her menacingly. She wasn"t afraid of him. She stood her ground and challenged him. "Honey, I can"t believe you don"t understand. I need you. We need each other. It"s just who"s convenience we"re talking about." She stared at him with wide eyed innocence and waited for his answer or reaction. Her shoulders were tense with anticipation and she didn"t have long to wait.

The expressions that crossed his face were fascinating. They started off with confusion, then a realization of what she was proposing, or more importantly, propositioning. When he finally understood, when her words sunk in, amusement hit him full force.

He threw back his head and laughed, holding his sides as his mirth took over and he had to hold the side of the door in order to balance himself. When he was finally able to control his laughter, he took a deep breath and looked down at her, his hands gentle on her shoulders. "Let me get this straight. You"re suggesting that I leave my work behind, move into a house near London and become your mistress?"

Electra shrugged delicately but nodded, "Or whatever the male equ ivalent is. But don"t worry, Dharr. I"ll stop by as often as possible. I promise you won"t get bored. There are plenty of shops you can spend money in and we can take lots of trips when I"m free. You can spend your days getting spruced up for me. Won"t that be fun?"

Her words only made him chuckle again. "I can"t believe you. I don"t know of another female who would ever propose such a thing to me," he said.

She reached up and patted his cheek. "There"s a first time for everything, isn"t there, honey?" she replied. "So what"s your answer?"

He pulled her closer, hugging her agains t his strong body. "Yes, there certainly is. So I"m assuming from your response, that you don"t like the idea of becoming my mistress. Is that correct?"

She was still stiff, but at least she wasn"t pushing him away. Dharr considered that a victory in this situation and with this woman. Damn! She constantly fascinated him!

"How would you like it? I mean, really, it is sort of like being a doll that someone takes out and plays with whenever it is convenient for them. Not a very equal relationship, is it?" she suggested.

Dharr shook his head. Equality had never been in any of his relationships, male or female,and he"d never even assumed that word would come into play in his dealings with women. But that only showed him that this one was different from the others. He"d known that all along, but it was interesting to be proven right once again.

"Point taken. How would you define our relationship?" he asked. She tilted her head to the side and considered all the possibilities. "How about lovers?" she offered, terrified that he might reject something so intimate.

But he considered it, mulling the word around in his mind for a moment. "Lovers," he suggested. "Does that mean I"ll have to send you a birthday card?" he asked.

Electra laughed , instantly relieved that he hadn"t rejected the idea. "Yes. If we"re still together when my birthday rolls around, you"d better send me a birthday card. And a Valentine"s Day card as well. And I might just want a big box of chocolates, but I"ll let you know. And if you"re a very good boy, you might just get a birthday card yourself," she said, her eyes peeping out at him from under her lashes. "And something special on Valentine"s Day."

Dharr pulled her closer and laughed as well. "It sounds like a deal," he said. "But does this mean I can"t order you around the world and have you at my beck and call?" he asked, his hand slipping under her shirt to cup her breast, his thumb flicking across her nipple underneath the lace of her bra.

Electra gasped as his fingers controlled her body and shivered, then smiled shyly up at him, a promise of retribution in her eyes. "Well, depends on the timing. I"ll agree that I don"t make as much money as you do, nor will I ever. But that doesn"t diminish the importance of what I do and what all the kids mean to me. I"m guessing that a lot of people depend upon you and that all the companies, or whatever you run, need you at their helm to guide them. And those kids I teach each day need me, even though I"m only anassistant teacher. Those children mean something to me."

Dharr nodded his head. "Accepted."

She slipped her arms around his shoulders, her fingers diving into his hair and touching the back of his neck, knowing how much he liked that. "I don"t have much to do on the weekends so if you"d like to get together next weekend, I think something can be arranged," she replied, her body pressing against his in the hopes that he might make their last few hours together this weekend more memorable.

"Deal." Without another word, he picked her up and tossed her over his shoulder. Electra screamed and laughed as he bounced her along to the bedroom, then tossed her onto the bed.

She laughed as she looked up at him, stunned by how quickly he was divesting himself of his suit and tie. "What are you doing? You look like you have to go to a meeting or something so surely you don"t have time for this kind of silliness, Dharr," she said, raising herself up on her elbows as she watched him toss his belt over his shoulder.

"Later," he growled. "I have a lover who thinks she can order me around," he said softly, pulling her leg up and rubbing his thumbs against her instep. "I plan to counter that idea in her silly head before it becomes an issue."

Electra gasped out a laugh. She"d never known her foot could be so erogenous. "What are you doing?" she asked moments before her head fell back, her hair cascading behind her in a waterfall against the sheets. "Never mind, I don"t care what you"re doing as long asyou don"t stop."

"I can go along with that," he said, his fingers moving from her foot to her calf muscle. By the time he entered her, there was not a muscle in her body that was tense. Chapter 9

Electra glanced up at the principal behind her. "Hello, Gloria. How are you?" she asked brightly before glancing down at the student"s work she was grading. "The children have really taken off on their spelling lately. I"ve seen some definite improvements," she said.

Gloria chuckled softly. "I don"t doubt it is mostly because of your songs you"ve put all the words to," she replied. Electra had come up with different songs which taught the children how to spell some of the most often used English words. It reinforced the spelling in their heads, sort of a twist on memorization. She cleared her throat and Electra looked up again, noting the worried expression on her supervisor"s face.

"Is something wrong?" Electra asked, panic starting to inch its way into her heart. She didn"t like that look. On her grandmother, it usually portended bad news.

She hesitated slightly, then took the newspaper out from under her arm. "Have you seen the dailies yet?" she asked. The woman looked genuinely embarrassed to be holding a gossip rag. "I mean, I know this is just a silly gossip paperand I"d usually never be caught dead purchasing one, but the picture on the cover caught my eye at the grocery store earlier.I thought you"d need to see it, if you haven"t already."

Electra shook her head, hiding a smile from her boss . "I don"t generally read them unless some woman gives birth to an alien dog," she joked as she took the offered newsprint and glanced down at the front cover. "What"s so interesting in there?" she asked, humoring her boss as she glanced at the back of the page, stifling a shudder when she caught sight of an advertisement for rock collecting. When she turned the paper so she could see the front page clearly, she gasped in shock, almost dropping the paper in her effort to get it as far away from her without dropping it. "Oh my goodness!" she cried out, automatically standing up as her eyes focused on the two people kissing on the side of the mountain in ski outfits. The tall man had dark hair and sunglasses on. The woman had long, black hair that fell almost to her derriere because of the way her head was tilted back for the kiss. Her eyes were closed, but there was no disputing the face. It was her and she had her arms wrapped around Dharr"s neck.

The caption read, "Who"s the king"s new love interest? A search for the mystery woman ongoing."

"It can"t be," Electra cried out, her hands accidentally crumpling the edge of the newspaper as they inadvertently balled into fists. "Not him!"

"What do you mean?" Gloria asked. "You mean the king?" Gloria moved closer, putting a reassuring hand on Electra"s shoulder. "Dear, what"s going on? Are you really dating King Abbas? Is that you in the picture?"

Electra couldn"t answer, the pain of his betrayal too great. She"d been having a n affair with King Abbas? That was impossible. There must be some mistake, some error in recognizing the man in the picture. Dharr was a real estate developer. Wasn"t he? He couldn"t be a king, and definitely not the king of one of the wealthiest countries in the Arab world!

She quickly turned the pages to the article and almost dropped the paper. There were pictures from Paris, Switzerland and even London on the night they"d met. How in the world had they recognized him so quickly? Had these pictures been floating in the tabloids all this time and she"d just never heard about them? "How long have they been speculating on my identity?" she asked, terrified of the answer but needing to know. She had to know everything in order to figure out what she should do. This was all so incredible, she was stunned. No, horrified was a better word.

"Well, I"ve seen small blurbs about it occasionally for the past several weeks but I never bothered to pick up the paper. I only read the front page when I"m paying for my groceries," she clarified, apparently worried that Electra might think she read these kinds of rags on a regular basis. "But when I saw your picture kissing that gorgeous man, well, I just had to buy it," she laughed self-consciously. The woman was settling in for a good gossip, unaware or just unconcerned that Electra"s heart was about to break into two. "I knew you"d been dating someone, but a king?" she asked, emphasizing the last word. "What"s he like in real life? He looks absolutely scrumptious," she said.

Electra shook her head in denial. "He"s awful!" she cried out, pain and betrayal taking over. There was no small amount of humiliation as well. Some of these pictures were very compromising. She"d had no idea cameras had beenso near. She hadn"t seen them anywhere but even if she had, she"d have assumed the people taking the pictures were just tourists trying to get a sunset or pretty mountain scene. There would be no need to take a picture of either of them, if he"d been who he"d said he was.

She ignored the fact that she hadn"t given Dharr her real name. That was irrelevant in this situation. He"d lied to her and told her that he was buying buildings and land and such. Whenever they talked about their weeks to each other, he would tell her about meetings with boring old men and people who disagreed with him or people who were trying to sell him something. Never had the concept of royalty been brought up.

Then another thought struck her. This one was so much more horrifying than the last, she actually had trouble breathing. She glanced at the name in the text. Blinking, she read the passages again, sure that the world was not really as cruel as it was beginning to seem. But no matter how hard she focused, the name didn"t change. The words she read over and over again still formed the name "King Dharr Abass". The horror of it struck her like a knife wound and her knees almost feel out from underneath her. She was having an affair with her guardian! The man who had made her life miserable for the previous eight years and wouldn"t even return her calls now at her continued request for a simple meeting! The gall of the man!

A tear slipped from her eye and she swiped it away angrily. She didn"t want her boss to see how much the article affected her but since she was sitting on a tiny chair crying, there wasn"t much use pretending any longer. She wanted to run and hide and then tear up the newsprint as if that kind of violence would help her ease the pain tearing up her insides. Could this get any worse? She couldn"t imagine how.

She was just about to turn around when she saw something flash out of the corner of her eye. She didn"t understand what the flash meant initially, but as her shock frozen brain started working slightly, the situation crystallized in her head. "No!" she gasped and stood up, moving backwards to the relative safety of the book case, hiding herself from the windows. "This can"t be happening!" Were photographers now stalking her around the school? Had they found out where she was working? How could that be possible? The article had been dated just yesterday and the reporter was saying how the king"s lover was still a mystery woman.

But the reality of the photographers, just like the horror that she"d been dating a man who had lied to her by omission and that man was her hated guardian, just added to the increasing tension in the room.

So many strangers around the school building might hurt the children. The kids wouldn"t understand why so many people were trying to taketheir teacher"s picture. And some of the kids might get hurt in the melee if the photographers were as merciless as they were starting to appear. She had to hide, to get out of here. But where? How? Her mind worked frantically but each time she considered one escape route, she"d see another group of journalists rushing in that direction.

Just then, Gerrard burst into the room. "This way," he said urgently. "We have to leave out the back door. There are photographers all over the place." The expression on his face more than his words broke through her hurt and confusion. She followed his orders simply because she had no better ideas. And her mind couldn"t function fast enough to figure one out anyway.

Electra grabbed her purse, immediately moving into quick action. She stopped only a moment before she turned to Gloria and said, "Please, don"t say anything to the press about me. Ask the others to keep things quiet as well. I don"t understand what"s going on and what they want from me. It would mean a lot to me," she said, her eyes pleading with the older woman.

Gloria put a reassuring hand on Electra"s arm and nodded forcefully. "Absolutely," Gloria replied quickly, her eyes wide with worry for both her school and for Electra. "We would never do anything to jeopardize the children or one of the staff members and these photographers would definitely do that. I also know your privacy is important, as it is to all of us. We won"t disrespect that."

"Thank you," she said before Gerrard pulled her impatiently by the arm through the door. They almost ran down the hallway and burst out the back door, Electra diving into a waiting limousine only moments before a cameraman started banging on the dark window. He took several pictures but Electra was grateful for the tinted glass which prevented them from seeing anything inside the security of the car.

"Where did they come from?" she asked Gerrard who was sitting next to her talking on a cell phone in Arabic. She was staring out the window as she watched several other photographers start to race up the sidewalk towardthe building. "And who are the other men stopping them?" she asked when she noticed large, muscular men physically stopping the photographers from entering the school.

Gerrard watched in approval as the guards effectively stopped the stampeding paparazzi. "They were sent by King Abbass to protect your co-workers and students from being harassed," he explained, not bothering to stop or turn his head in her direction. His main goal was to get her out of the building and the area safely and quickly.

Electra sniffed and tried to hide her tears. "That was very considerate of him," she said. "I didn"t know he knew where I worked," she said.

The limousine was racing through the streets of London now and Electra had to hang on tightly as the car turned corners at a speed that would have brought police out in force if anyone else was doing it. The driver finally pulled to a stop outside an elegant building that looked vaguely familiar but her mind wasn"t working fast enough to be able to figure out where Gerrard had taken her. He stepped out of the car first and looked around before indicating she could leave the relative security as well. He pulled an unmarked door open and stuffed her through it, slamming it shut behind him then pushing her down the hallway again.

"Gerrard, you"re not answering my questions," she said and dug her feet in to stop their forward momentum. "And I"m not going anywhere else until you tell me what"s going on.Where"s Dharr? Does he know what"s going on?"

He was obviously reluctant to say anything but his eyes scanned the hallway as he said, "He found out the same way the journalists did," he said, accepting that answering her question was the only way to get her to move again, other than tossing her over his shoulder and carrying her to safety.

"Ah," she replied, as if that explained everything. But it didn"t. She was still confused but she sensed that there was still some danger so she started moving again. Unfortunately, nothing really made sense. It was as if the world had flipped over on it"s side and this mad dash to some unknown destination was scaring her more than the journalists, which was saying a lot. Within moments, Gerrard pushed her out a side door and into a limousine that was already at the end of the sidewalk, the back door open and ready for her to dive into the dark sanctuary.

"Where are we going?" she asked breathlessly. "The other limousine was being followed. I"m trying to get you to a new one that they don"t know about."

Electra understood and walked faster, following his directions as he took her through the building and out a side door. Regrettably, their ruse didn"t work. As soon as they"d burst through a side door, the photographers were waiting for her. The only good part was that they had their backs to the door she had just left so Gerrard hurried her to the car.

The photographers spotted her seconds before the door slammed shut behind her. Within moments of the door shutting, the car was pulling smoothly away from the curb and she could only stare at the frenzied press that were bearing down on the guards. Very efficiently, the guards Dharr had sent moved the reporters away from the building. She lost sight of the mass when the limousine turned the corner and she had breathed a sigh of relief that she hadn"t been left alone to deal with their madness.

She didn"t notice the passing of the scenery as the car drove through the streets. Her mind was frantically trying to make sense out of the situation. She thought back to all the times they"d been together, trying to figure out if there had been a point in time when he"d accidentally told her about who he was. Her mind raced through all of their encounters, putting the words together again and trying to decipher a different meaning to them. But nothing he"d said would make her think he was anything other than a wealthy man with varied business interests.

She but wasn"t surprised when the car pulled up outside Dharr"s London building. Gerrard held the door open and she noticed Micha and Sam standing sentry beside the private elevator, their eyes surveying the surroundings, alert to any potential threats. She shook her head as she gazed out from the darkened interior of the limousine. "I"m not going in there," she said, angrily wiping away the tears that started to fall more heavily.

"Your grandmother is upstairs," Gerrard said carefully. "And it is not safe out here. Not anymore."

Her eyes widened with his comments. "What do you mean? Why not anymore"?" she demanded. "What"s happened between yesterday and now besides me looking like a fool?"

Gerrard"s eyes clouded over with concern and he shook his head sadly. "You must come inside," he repeated. "You will understand once His Highness explains. It is not my place to discuss this situation with you."

Electra"s heart contracted slightly when she heard Gerrard refer to Dharr with a royal title. This wasn"t fair! None of it was fair! But it wasn"t real, was it? She wasn"t really having an affair with her guardian, who just happened to be a king, who just happened to also be the man who had made her life so miserable for years. This is all some horrible dream that would disappear as soon as she could wake up.

Huddling in the corner of the large, luxurious vehicle, she stared into the depths of nothing. Her grief over the loss of her relationship, or what she thought of as a relationship, was deep and painful. "Please tell me all of this isn"t really happening," she whispered desperately. "I don"t want to go up there, Gerrard. Couldn"t you please just take me somewhere else? I promise I"ll hide until all this mess is cleared up."

G errard didn"t even hesitate before shaking his head adamantly. "I cannot disobey orders from the King," he explained. In a more gentle tone he said, "You must confront him and demand answers yourself."

Those were the only words that could have gotten her out of the car. Gerrard was right. She did need to demand answers. And she deserved them. She could explain her own deceit easily. What was a name, anyway? Ellie was short for Electra and all of her friends, even her grandmother, calls her Ellie. It had never occurred to her to tell him her real name, or even her last name so the confusion was innocent.

But he"d lied by not telling her about his title, his responsibilities even when she"d asked him about what he did for a living and asked repeatedly about his daily activities. All those things were who he was, what made him the man she....Electra didn"t finish that thought. With steely determination, she rode up the elevator in silence, trying to figure out how things had gone so wrong when everything had looked so perfect when she"d woken this morning.

When the elevator opened up, she looked across the room, memories of their first night together flooding back to her. She"d been standing in this exact spot, the green, strapless dress making her feel daring and beautiful. And just as she had that night, she stood staring out at the view, but this time, she wasn"t really seeing it, the hurt of his betrayal too much to endure at this point.

When she spotted him standing off to the side of the living room, she lashed out at him, her hurt and feelings of betrayal were too deep. "You!" she almost yelled. "I can"t believe I"ve been sleeping with youof all people."

Dharr"s calm expression didn"t change with her outburst. He turned to Edna and bowed slightly. "If you don"t mind, I believe your granddaughter and I have some things to discuss. They might be better said in private."

Edna nodded her head politely, hiding her smile from her furious granddaughter. "Absolutely. I"ll be in the kitchen asking your cook for the recipe to the delicious scones," she said and walked quickly toward what Electra assumed was the kitchen.

When they were alone again, Dharr turned to face her. "You were saying?" he prompted , his eyebrows raised in polite inquiry. He didn"t seem phased by Electra"s anger or embarrassed by her personal outburst.

She persevered despite his patronizing attitude. "Don"t patronize me you egotistical, arrogant bastard!"

He smiled slightly as if amused by her fury which only made her grit her teeth as her anger inched up several notches.

"I can guarantee that my parents were legitimately married at the time of my conception and birth. But feel free to toss any other insults my way if it will make you feel better."

Crossing her arms over her chest, she glared at him from across the room. "I hate you!"

He chuckled and shook his head. "Yes, I can see that. I"m not exactly sure why since I believe you"ve been lying to me about your identity this whole time. Perhaps you could enlighten me on the reason for that?" he asked.

Electra saw the chink in his armor. It was small, but she could see that he was furious at her deception. She didn"t care. "You made my life miserable you jerk!"

One eyebrow lifted at that accusation. "And how, exactly, did I do that?"

Her arms dropped and she walked forward, one hand poking him in the chest to punctuate her anger. "Those guards you sicced on me when I turned twelve. They were there, all through my teen years, never leaving me alone. I had a warped childhood and adolescence because they were always there, intimidating my friends, terrifying any man who worked up the courage to ask me out on a date. I had never even kissed a man until you came around! Isn"t that pathetic?"

Dharr watched the elegant beauty as she lashed out at him. When he"d first seen the article that told him his mystery woman was actually his ward, the woman he"d been duty bound to protect, he"d been livid. Then the realization that he"d slept with the woman he was supposed to be protecting hit him like a razor, shredding his pride and his sense of honor. The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. This tiny woman with soft, green eyes and a body any man would kill for had somehow broken through his legendary control and he was angrier than he"d ever been in his life.

When he"d read the words that condemned him and irrevocably changed his future, he"d wanted to throttle her for what she"d done and her lies. His conscience had beaten him up several times over throughout the flight to London. For the past several months, she"d continuously disobeyed him, flaunted his rules, ignored him, berated him, tempted him beyond any other woman"s ability to lure himand then he"d discovered that she"d lied to him. That she was not who she"d portrayed herself to be was the ultimate insult.

Now, hearing her explanation and realizing what impact the guards had had on her life before he"d met her, his conscience was slightly appeased. It also helpedwhen she"d told him that no other man had ever kissed her. He was undeniably a sexist that liked...no was proud...of the fact that no other man had even touched her before him. This beauty was completely his in every sense of the word.

He had no regrets for her upbringing for he realized at that moment, that the guards she"d stated had made her life so miserable, had only protected her for him all these years. Knowing that, he knew exactly what he wanted. And she"d just inadvertently handed him the wayon a silver platter although she didn"t know it.

"So you didn"t lie to me deliberately?" he asked.

Electra stormed over to him and punched him in the chest. Unfortunately, he had so much muscle, it hurt her and barely even registered on his arrogantface. "You jerk! Didn"t you listen to anything I said? All I wanted was a normal life! I wanted what my friends had."

"And what was that?" he asked, reaching down to take her hand and massage the fist he could tell was aching from her angry outburst.

She tried to pull her hand from his grasp but he held her firmly, kneading the flesh gently to ease the pain. "I wanted a boyfriend, freedom to get into trouble and figure out life for myself. I wanted to date and be excited about my first kiss and my first lover. I wanted to get a job and have all the struggles and victories other people have."

"Ah, but you aren"t normal, Electra," he said. "By the way, I like that name much better than Ellie. What made you come up with such a commonplace, calm name like Ellie anyway? It never suited you."

She pulled her hand away and stepped back but she was only mildly irritated that he didn"t like her assumed name. "I like that name. It made me feel normal."

He sighed heavily and turned to face her, leaning back against the sofa and sliding his hands into his pockets as he surveyed her with new eyes. Eyes that saw more than she wanted him to see. "Therein lies the problem. You are not normal. You are special."

She rolled her eyes at his comments, immediately dismissing it as just tripe he was trying to dish out to her to appease her anger. "Oh, pish." She paced back and forth in front of the sofa, her agitation making her movements jerky. "Flattery will get you no where with me. I have all the normal feelings of any other female. Probably a lot more insecurities though since I never was able to chase boys or see if they really liked me."

"And that"s all my fault?" he asked, hiding his amusement on his face but she could see it in his eyes.

Her han ds balled into fists by her side but she didn"t take another swing at him, knowing it would hurt her more than him. "Yes, you arrogant jerk! And don"t you dare laugh at me. You don"t know what it"s like to be guarded all the time..." she started to say but then stopped and caught herself. "Well, okay, perhaps you do know what it"s like. But you always had women around you. You never knew what it was like to be the only female in the school where the boys were afraid to approach. I didn"t go to my prom or any of the school dances. I never went to the movies and had sweaty palms, in anticipation of that first kiss with your new boyfriend. I wanted it so desperately but each time I tried to contact you, to beg you to pull back the body guards who were destroying my life, you ignored me."

"I was willing to meet you several weeks ago. In fact, I made time in my schedule just to speak with you."

Electra blushed at the memory of their first meeting. "I hate you for bringing that up," she countered, not sure what argument she could have for missing her meeting with him, since she was actually meeting with him. It was too convoluted to figure out.

Dharr laughed again. "You"re not going to make me feel guilty for protecting you all your life. The only thing I am feeling guilty about is taking advantage of you. But that can be quickly resolved," he said calmly. "Jamil," he called out and immediately, his aide appeared at the door to the living room. "Is the plane ready to take off?" he asked.

"It is, Your Highness," he replied, bowing slightly, his ever present notebook tucked under his arm.

"Good. We"ll leave immediately," Dharr said and took Electra"s hand in his own, guiding her out of the room. "Your grandmother will accompany us. Everything has already been announced," he said.

Electra tried to pull her hand out of his but, just as before, he held it firmly. It was as if he had anticipated what she would do and she didn"t like that one bit. It indicated he understood her and she wanted to hate him. Understanding implied something she wasn"t willing to accept. "Where are we going?" she asked but wasn"t too worried since her grandmother would be there with her.

"You"ll see," he said and pressed the code to make the elevator move.

"And there"s nothing I can do to make you tell me, is there?" she asked, her anger ramping up a notch at his high handedness. Were there no end to the sins this man could impose on her?

"Not really," he said absently as his phone rang. He lifted it out of his pocket and answered it, speaking a different language she couldn"t identify. They slipped into the limousine with her grandmother calmly sitting next to her and they drove to the airport. Electra was only mildly concerned when the police escorted their entourage through the streets and directly onto the tarmac of the airport. They boarded the plane under heavy security and as soon as they were seated, the plane taxied down the runway. Electra sat in her seat next to her grandmother, discussing the latest village gossip but not really paying attention to anything she said. She knew some of her answers seemed a little ridiculous when she caught a few curious glances from the elderly lady.

Electra sighed and leaned her head back against the back of the chair, closing her eyes in frustration and exhaustion. "I"m sorry, Gram. I know I"m not making any sense, am I?"

Her grandmother laughed softly and patted her granddaughter"s hand gently. "No. But I can understand why you don"t really care about Betty"s pregnancy or Jennifer"s blueberry pie when you have a few other things on your mind. This is all very new and exciting for you and I can understand why you"re a little overwhelmed by all the fuss."

Electra bit her lower lip slightly and looke d down at her hands. "I don"t understand, Gram. And I don"t want to be here. This isn"t just new, it"s different and I just want to be normal. Why can"t I ever have that?" she asked.

Edna chuckled softly and shook her head. "Electra, dear, you"ve never been normal. And I hate to break it to you but you probably never will be. I know it is one of your fondest hopes, but it just isn"t in you to be part of the crowd."

"That"s not true, Gram. I am normal. I just need everyone to back away and leave me alone. Then I can blend in." Electra fought the tears once again, hating the small sign of weakness.

Edna shook her head in denial. "No, my dear. I hate to be the one to break this to you but you"re special. And the reason you"ll never blend in is because people perceive that special quality within you. When you were in kindergarten, you used to pack the toy trucks with sticks and mud then made little log cabins."

Electra pulled back slightly, confused. "What"s wrong with log cabins? I liked building those."

Edna smiled fondly . "Nothing was wrong with them. In fact, they were very creative. I was impressed that you were building a little village, even naming it and making a wall around to protect the villagers. You were very careful to make sure they had everything they needed. But the other kids would put sand in the trucks and move the sand from one spot to another."

Electra let out an indignant snort, remembering the boys and how silly they were. "That was pointless," she replied with a disgusted grimace. Even now, the memory of how her friends had played such meaningless activities amazed her.

Edna took her granddaughter"s hand and forced Electra to look into her eyes. "Dear, you"ve just proven my point. You thought it was pointless and went your own way. All your friends were running trying to catch up with you. You were never mean to them, and loved having them around. But face it, honey. You"re friends didn"t really understand you. You had ideas they just couldn"t grasp. Not one of your class mates could have thought of building a village with sticks and stones. Now you have a man who is dynamic and charming and excites you as no other man has ever done. And I think he genuinely understands the real you."

She huffed and crossed her arms over her stomach. "I wouldn"t know about that," she sighed. "I wasn"t ever able to experience other men. How would I know that no other man could excite me?"

Edna had to laugh at her granddaughter"s disgruntlement. "Oh, I know you occasionally tried to sneak out and experience a little of their romance. But you never did it, did you?"

"That"s because of those silly body guards, always shadowing me. Good grief, Gran! Did you know they used to hang out underneath that tree by my window trying to catch me sneaking out?"

Her grandmother nodded, a twinkle in her eye. "Who do you think warned them you would do that?"

Electra"s mouth dropped open in horror. "You Gran? You betrayed me?" She shut her mouth and looked at the cabin of the plane to see if anyone was close enough to hear their conversation, then quickly back to her grandmother. "How did you know what I was doing?"

Edna patted her granddaughter"s hand gently. "Guess who used to have that room before you?"

Electra"s eyes widened. "You?" Grandmother, did you sneak out at night to meet with boys?" she asked, knowing that the tree outside her window was at least a hundred years old with large, sturdy limbs that could easily hold a body. "Why you little rebel," she laughed, the first laugh she"d had for several hours.

Edna smiled, obviously proud that she wasn"t just an old fuddy duddy in her granddaughter"s eyes any more. "Of course I slipped out. Why do you think your grandfather and I married so young?" she asked, primly straightening her cardigan more securely over her shoulders.

"If you"d done it all those years ago, then why did you warn the guards about me? Why couldn"t I have had those experiences as well?"

Edna sighed heavily. "Because you were too strong and too wild, my dear. I loved you so much but after your father died, you were in so much pain and were lashing out at anyone and everyone, including yourself. I was terrified of what you might do." She looked down at her weathered hands. "And I couldn"t face the idea of losing you as well."

A lump formed in Electra"s throat, making swallowing difficult. She put an arm around her grandmother"s shoulders and hugged her frail body gently. "Oh, Gran. What a pair we are," she sniffed.

Ednareached up and embraced Electra as well. "Yes, well, that brings us back full circle. Your current predicament."

Electra sighed and pulled away. "Yes. So how do I get out of this tangle?" she asked. "And why I should even be in a tangle is beyond me."

"Perhaps it" s because you dive into things with all your heart and mind, embracing life first with curiosity and enthusiasm. The questions generally come a little later." Electra could see the worry and concern underlying her grandmother"s gentle remonstration. "But you always land on your feet and that"s what has happened now."

"I don"t think this constitutes landing on my feet. I"m in a plane going who knows where with a man I thought I..." she was about to say love but stopped herself in time, "admired and respected but now I find out he"s a stranger. And he resents me because I"m not who I presented to him either and have made him a laughing stock with the press." Putting her head in her hands she shivered. "How can one life get so tangled and messed up?"

Edna laughed and squeezed Electra"s shoulder. "I don"t think things are as messed up as you believe, dear. I think you"re just following the plan God has made for you. After all, how can you veer from the path? It"s inevitable."

Electrashook her head. "I don"t believe in letting fate decree my future. I prefer to establish what is ahead of me myself."

Her grandmother smiled. "Do as you wish, dear. You can"t fight it, so you might want to just relax and enjoy the ride of your life." With that, her grandmother picked up her mystery book and proceeded to read, leaving Electra to her troubled thoughts.

Eventually, she fell asleep and woke up several hours later with her feet propped up, the seat completely reclined and a soft blanket covering her. The chair had turned into a bed that was almost more comfortable than the one she had at home. Trust Dharr to have all the little luxuries, she thought angrily and tossed off the blanket. The plane had stopped, she realized and looked around warily. The other occupants of the plane were packing up their briefcases efficiently, all nodding politely to Dharr as he walked forward. "Are you ready?" he asked, bending down to help her out of the chair.

"Where are we?" she asked, looking out the window but all she saw was darkness and the normal airport runway lights which meant they could be anywhere in the world.

"We"re home," he said uninformatively. Electra shook her head and smiled sarcastically. "Dharr, I can guarantee that we"re not at my home because mine doesn"t have a runway down the center of it. So that must mean we"re at your home," she replied, tapping her foot impatiently as she waited for him to answer her original question.

In response, he took her hand and led her out of the plane down in to a waiting limousine. The night air didn"t tell her anything either but she inhaled sharply fifteen minutes later when she saw the city lights outside the limousine window. There were lights everywhere and she could tell that the streets were laid out in neat rows. The shops were all closed at this time of the night but there was obviously a thriving cottage industry as well as many skyscrapers in the distance. But what caught her attention the most were the lights in the distance that seemed to be lighting a building more magnificent than the Taj Mahal. The place was enormous and seemed to be made almost completely of gold but she knew that wasn"t possible. It glittered in the night sky, the windows twinkling and the colors shining as if covered with jewels. "Oh, Dharr, your home is magnificent," she breathed.

"Thank you," he responded. "It is now your home as well. The announcement of our engagement has already been released and the festivities planned for the next ten days."

She had a hard time pulling her eyes away from the mind boggling building but his words did the trick. "Engagement?" she asked, focusing on the one word that seemed to feel like a punch in the stomach. "What engagement?"

"Ours. The announcement of our imminent wedding. We"ll be married in ten days time."

She blinked, hoping that he would smile as if he were teasing. "Are you kidding?" she asked, when he only looked back at her seriously.

"I"m afraid not, my dear."

"We"re getting married?" she asked slowly, the concept not really coming through to her fatigued mind.

"Of course," he said.

She latched onto the only question that might make sense to her. "Why of course?" she asked.

"Because of our relationship over the past couple of months. You were my ward and it is now common knowledge that we were lovers. Being responsible for you has made it imperative that we marry as quickly as possible. It is the only right thing to do."

Electra felt deflated. Of all the romantic marriage proposals, that had to rank as the lowest of them all. "Well, do I have anything to say about this? I mean, what if I don"t want you to make the ultimate sacrifice and marry me to save my ruination?" she asked, the sarcasm coming through loud and clear.

Dharr raised one eyebrow but the astonishment was written on all his other features. "You would deny me?" he asked, incredulous.

Electra raised one shouldercasually. "I don"t know. Since no question has been asked of me, its irrelevant, isn"t it?"

"You want me to ask you for your hand in marriage?" he asked but it was more of a statement than a question and she could tell he was laughing at her again.

Turning away from him, she crossed her arms over her stomach and stared out the window. "Don"t bother. I can pretty much tell you what my answer will be," she said and blinked back the tears that started to form in her eyes.

His black eyes immediately hardened with her comment. "Good to know," he said sharply. "I wouldn"t want to waste my time on silly questions we both know the answer to," he snapped back.

The car pulled to a stop outside the immense front gates and Dharr exited first, then turned to help her out of the car. For appearances sake, she allowed him to help her out, but as soon as she was on the sidewalk, she dropped his hand as if it were a bomb. She walked forward as if she were already queen, completely ignoring the man behind her but she smiled brightly to her grandmother who walked from the limousine that had been traveling behind them. Arm in arm, she walked into the palace with her grandmother, pretending the man who had just shattered her dreams was not two paces behind her. She could feel his angry gaze boring into her back but didn"t care.

She hoped she"d hurt his feelings because she was about to shrivel up and die of shame and disappointment herself. All those feelings she"d been harboring for the man had been pointless. All the dreams she"d built up during the nights she couldn"t sleep because she"d been thinking of him, weaving fantasies about what a wonderful life they could have together and how much she loved him, were all shattered now. He only wanted her because of duty! Because of obligation!

"Good evening, Your Highness," a man in a long white robe said, stepping around Electra and her grandmother. "I trust your flight was comfortable?"

"Very. Please see that Ms. Knight and her grandmother are comfortable in their suites. And send Jamil to my office as soon as he arrives." Turning to Electra he said, "This is my chief of staff. He"ll make sure your rooms are to your liking. Please excuse me," he said, bowing slightly. "I have some work I need to attend to."

Without another word, he walked stiffly away. Electra watched him walk away and, if she didn"t know better,she"d think he was hurt. But that was impossible. Being hurt would mean that the man had feelings but everyone knew monsters and robots didn"t have feelings, she told herself.

She followed the other man down several long hallways. When he stood in front of one door, he allowed both of them to enter. "Mrs. Knight, this suite has been assigned for your pleasure. Ms. Knight, if you"ll follow me, I believe the suite next door is for you."

Electra walked into a beautiful room done in soft whites and azure blues and yellows. The windows were covered in long drapes but she pulled them back, gasping in pleasure at the twinkling night lights in the distance. "You just need to lift the receiver on the phone if you wish anything. Your luggage has already been delivered and hung up," he explained before bowing out of the suite.

Electra watched him go with stunned silence before looking around. There was every conceivable luxury in the room, including a huge television screen that dropped from the ceiling, an expensive stereo system, dimming lights and a bathroom with a pink, marble sunken bathtub. Unfortunately, she was so tired, she could barely keep her eyes open in order to investigate the rest of the room.

Strolling to the closet, she opened the door, wanting to pull on one of her tee-shirts and dive into the comfortable looking bed. But all she found were silk negligees and lace teddies. No comfortable pajamas or large sleep shirts around.

Angry at the man"s presumpt ion, she stomped over to the phone and lifted the receiver. All her fatigue was instantly gone, replaced by more fury. When the line was immediately answered, she said, "I need to see Dharr immediately."

Seconds later, a knock sounded on the door. Electra looked at the phone oddly, then shrugged and slammed it down. Pulling open the door to her suite, she stared at the man lounging against the door frame. "You!" she snapped.

She could see the fatigue on his face and almost relented, but the tiredness quickly disappeared, to be replaced by his normal arrogance. "Yes. Me. I came by to make sure you had everything you need." Without asking permission, he pushed his way into the room and looked around as if he"d never been in the suite before.

"No, as a matter of fact, I don"t have everything I need."

His eyes turned back to her but his face was completely impassive. "I"m sure the staff will be able to fulfill any of your needs."

"I need something better and more comfortable to sleep in that these," she stated firmly, her hand gripping the lace and silk pieces disdainfully.

Dharr"s eyes traveled from the silk crumpled in her hands to her face, a smile forming as he said, "I can suggest many ways to be comfortable in bed. Would you follow my advice?"

Electra shivered as her body remembered how easily he could make her decidedly uncomfortable. "No. I wouldn"t," she said firmly.

He took a step forward. "Would you like to wager on that? I"m pretty sure I can make you forget wearing either ofthose."

"No," she whispered and took a step back.

His eyes flared and he nodded slightly. "Yes."

Taking a deep breath, she planned her escape, knowing it would have to be quick. Darting to the left, she dashed out of his reach, running at full speed for the open doorway. She had no idea where she would go or what she would do when she got there, she just knew that she couldn"t let Dharr reduce her to a puddle of desire, which was exactly what he intended to do. She could see it in his eyes.

But before she"d gotten two steps, she felt the steel-like arms wrap around her waist and her body was flung up and over his shoulder.

"Put me down!" she yelled, uncaring of the open door to the suite or who heard her screams. She wasn"t going to be this man"s play thing!

"With pleasure," he replied and a moment later, she was unceremoniously dumped onto the bed. She didn"t have a chance to escape before his strong, hard body covered hers. She shook her head back and forth, avoiding his kiss but he didn"t care. He simply used his mouth in other places. When his lips captured her breast trough the thin silk of her shirt, she gasped out and tried to push his head away, but he was merciless. Within moments, she was no longer pushing him away but was pulling him toward her, urging him to move faster.

In the end, they both found satisfaction. Electra"s last thought before she tumbled into oblivion was, "This still doesn"t mean anything," she mumbled.

Electra woke the following morning to chaos. Her bedroom was still, ominously so when she turned her head on the soft, cotton pillow. But deep inside her, she could feel impending doom. A moment later, the noise outside her bedroom hit her. Sitting up in bed, she held the sheet to her naked chest and looked around, trying to orient herself.

Sliding out of the bed, she quickly found a robe and pulled it on, tying the silk sash tightly at her waist before venturing out into the living room of her suite. She heard the word "wedding" and "reception" all within the same breath as her name and Dharr"s. Shrinking back into the bedroom, she leaned heavily against the doorway, wondering how she was going to get out of this mess.

Each time Dharr touched her, she simply melted into his arms. Last night was evidence enough that she couldn"t count on her body to obey her mind"s orders. Stumbling to the bathroom, she showered quickly and changed into a pretty pink dress, finding a matching pair of shoes that were both comfortable and stylish. She looked pretty and feminine but inside, she was a roiling mass of nerves. She had to get out of here. She had to leave this mess. Dharr didn"t love her, he only wanted to marry her out of obligation. That was a problem she"d have to avoid at all costs. She couldn"t marry a man who didn"t love her. Especially when she lo....

Her stunned eyes caught her reflection in the mirror, horror at what she"d just realized. She was in love with Dharr! She was in love with the man who had been making her miserable all her life.

Well, not all her life, she corrected with complete honesty. She"d been deliriously happy for the past six weeks. Spending each weekend with the man had been blissful, challenging, fun, hilarious and adventurous. She"d never met a man who could make her feel so much, so intensely.

How could she not have fallen in love with him, she asked herself when she thought about all they"d done together. No man had ever touched her before Dharr but if she thought about it, she"d never really met a man who she"d thought was worth the effort to fool her guards. On that point, her grandmother was correct. If push had come to shove, she would have had her way and gone out on a date with any guy that had piqued her interest.

Sitting on the edge of her bed, she let her head fall into her hands. She would not marry a man who didn"t love her. Of that, she was sure of. Yes, he might like her body and they were sexually compatible. Last night had proven that beyond a doubt. Even when she was angry with him, he could still reduce her to a quivering mass of need.

But she wanted more from life. She wanted to be happy and know, deep down inside her that the man she was married to worshiped her for who she was inside. Not just for the body everyone else saw. Was that too much to ask for?

No, she thought to herself. It all came down to the fact that she wanted what everyone else in the world had. She wanted a normal marriage. And that couldn"t happen if she was married to Dharr. Love was the basis for a long lasting, satisfying and fulfilling marriage. Not obligation.

With grim determination she stood up and walked out of her bedroom to confront the bevy of women in the next room who were planning her wedding without consulting her in any way. It was as if she were superfluous to the entire process.

Hiding her shaking hands behind her back, she looked across at the ladies who were diligently discussing the wedding plans. "Excuse me," she said and waited until all eyes were upon her. "I was wondering if it would be too much trouble for me to escape for a little while and walk through the markets. I"ve never been to this beautiful country and, it doesn"t appear that I"m needed here." She hoped none of the ladies with kind eyes noticed the slight edge of sarcasm behind her words.

The group of ten women simply stared back, astonished that Electra would make such a request. Finally, the woman in the back of the room holding a sketchpad cleared her throat and stood up. "If you desire something, you have only to ask and it will be delivered to you. There is no need to go shopping on your own."

The woman had a superior air to her that just grated on Electra"s nerves. It didn"t help when the rest of the group nodded their heads in agreement. Obviously, a future queen going out into the marketplace like a commoner was simply not done.

Gritting her teeth in frustration she said, "That"s very nice of everyone but I don"t have anything in particular that I"d like to purchase. I simply want to look around, discover what"s being sold and experience a little of the culture. As the future queen, I"d like to see what the country is like." She paused for a long moment, praying the title and her use of it wouldn"t damn her in hell. It smacked of hypocrisy."Is that too much to ask?" she questioned, making the request more of a challenge.

The woman who appeared to be a dressmaker shrank back down into her chair and the rest of the women looked around at each other.

Electra decided that a mor e direct approach was needed in this situation. "Perhaps I should rephrase my comment," she said and straightened her shoulders. "I"m going to explore the marketplace. If any of you would like to join me, I would be delighted but I understand that each of you is diligently working on the King"s orders. Since I"ve been taken out of the wedding equation, I find myself redundant to the activities and will therefore occupy myself in some other way."

With that, she turned on her heel and walked out of the suite of rooms, leaving ten stunned faces behind. She would have laughed if she weren"t so terrified. She had to continue with this brave facade, otherwise everything would be ruined. Feigning a confidence she didn"t feel, she walked up to Gerrard who was still assigned to be her guard. "I"m going to visit the marketplace," she said and turned toward what she hoped was the exit to the palace.

She felt more than heard Gerrard walking behind her and as she approached one hallway, she heard him sayingsomething into a hidden speaker. She"d seen things like that on television in the movies, especially in the American movies where the Secret Service guards would communicate about the American President through hidden microphones, but she"d never thought she would be part of that process.

When she reached the exit, by luck more than her sense of direction which was generally backward at best, she breathed a sigh of relief when she saw a limousine already positioned outside with an SUV in front and behind it. A guard was holding open the door and she smiled to the strange man as she stepped into the darkened interior.

She sat still as the car drove her through the streets of the city and when they stopped, she was fascinated by the market place. It was like an old world bazaar. There were tents with brightly colored fabrics protecting each vendor"s face from the harsh sun. About half of the women were wearing the burka while the other half were dressed in western clothing, the teenagers even exposing navels and wearing earrings while the spoke on cell phones or listened to music through headphones. Good, she thought to herself as she smiled to each of the vendors, pretending to ignore the guards that were surrounding her. This was exactly the type of environment she was hoping for. It suited her purposes perfectly.

"That looks lovely," she said to one vendor who was displaying several long, colorful robes. "How much?" she asked and instantly the vendor smiled, bowing slightly as he gave her a price. Electra smiled tentatively and looked at Micha who was standing behind her. "Is that a good price?" she asked.

The angry expression on Micha"s face told her the answer before he spoke, furiously waving his hands and gesturing toward other stalls lined up down the main aisle of the marketplace. After several comments, the vendor blushed, bowed deeply and nodded his head.

"What did you say to him?" Electra asked as she watched the vendor hand the neatly wrapped robe to Micha.

"He quoted a price three times the usual for you."

Electra was horrified. "Really?" she asked, looking back at the man. "Why?"

"Because he knows you are the bride and therefore, wealthy. He was ripping you off." Micha tried to take the bag but Electra maintained it in her own hands. "That"s okay. If I can"t carry something, I shouldn"t buy it, right?" she asked.

"We"re here to serve you," he said, bowing slightly and reaching for the package.

"No!" she snapped a little too loudly. Noticing the stunned look o n his face, she smiled quickly to appease him. "I"m sorry, Micha. I know you"re just trying to do your duty but Its been only one dayand I"ve been waited on, pampered and basically coddled so much, I"d just like to do something for myself for once. Youknow how independent I"ve been in the past. Soon, all of this will be taken away from me and I"ll be hidden in the palace with nothing better to do but figure out which outfit I"ll wear to dinner that night. I need something that tells me I"m not going to perish. If that something is simply carrying my own bag, what"s the harm?"

Her explanation seemed to sooth his concern and he bowed again but stepped back, signaling that he would allow her to carry her own purchases.

Breathing a sigh of relief th at her plan wouldn"t be spoiled by overly attentive servants, she turned and looked down the rest of the aisle. There were so many vendors and obviously word of who she was had spread. Many people were looking in her direction, smiling brightly and some even bowing.

Electra"s heart sank. If she was known to everyone, how was she going to slip away unnoticed? This might be harder than she"d thought.

Taking a deep breath, she squared her shoulders and pasted a bright smile on her face, then continued down the aisle toward the next stall. She bought one item from each vendor, including a large bag that would hold all her purchases. Acting as if she didn"t want to leave any vendor out, she continued to purchase at least one thing from all of them, delighting the vendors and the populace alike.

Slipping behind one of the brightly colored fabrics at one stall, she stayed hidden long enough to determine how many seconds it took for her guards to become concerned. They were perfectly vigilant so she calculated she had only a few seconds. One or several of them had an eye on her at all times. This wasn"t good, she thought. She needed more time, at least a minute in order to disappear into the crowd. Then an idea struck her. She"d never be able to melt into the crowd in her own garb. Her appearance was known all over the country now and she"d easily be recognized. Besides, each person in the marketplace was watching her, eagerly anticipating making a sale of their own so they could brag about how each had sold a coveted trinket to the future queen.

It took several more stalls before she found what she was looking for. The long, black material looked hot and uncomfortable and the veil was thick, made to cover all of her hair and some of her face.She"d have to wipe off her makeup, she thought, biting her lower lip as she figured out her new strategy. But glancing back at Gerrard and Micha as well as the other guards who were surrounding her, she figured she could duck behind something, throw on the burka and basically vanish from everyone while being in plain sight.

It would work, she told herself. It had to. She hadn"t been able to come up with another idea.

Glancing backwards, she noticed that several of the guards were now being used for crowd control. One of them was talking into his microphone, possibly calling for backup as the crowds started to increase now that word of her presence and patronage spread. It was now or never, she thought. If extra guards arrived, she"d be doomed and would arrive back in the palace with efficiency and the nauseating decorum she"d been dealing with for the past several days.

Looking back one more time, she caught Micha"s eyes. The look lasted longer than normal and she sent the silent message of apology. She noticed the guard"s expression change so she shook her head, telling him that everything was okay. He turned away, watching the crowds but she knew that there was added tension in his shoulders. She"d have to work fast and she slipped behind one of the sheets, her voice exclaiming with feigned delight.

A moment later, she ducked down behind a pile of fabric and threw the black material over her head. She could feel her heart beat increase and the sweat on her back start to drip. The tension would make her fail if she wasn"t careful. Hearing the murmurs of the crowd, she tied the veil as efficiently as she could. Then on her knees, she crawled to the opposite end of the stall. Peeking over the top of the table piled with fabrics, she noticed with relief that most of the people were still watching the area in which she"d disappeared.

With a sigh of relief, she stepped up and walked down the aisle, back toward the cars. She kept her head down and pulled the veil as low over her forehead as possible, hoping no one would notice her. There were a couple of men who watched her, one even pointed in her direction and her heart almost stopped in fear that they might call out and alert her guards.

By the time she was back at the cars, she bit her lower lip in indecision. There was obviously an alert raised as one of her guards ran by her, stepping into the SUV and speaking rapidly on a radio. But moments later, he gave her the ideal exit strategy. He raced back to the crowd, his eyes swerving from side to side, obviously looking for her.

With a stealth she hadn"t felt since she was twelve years old, she walked casually over to the open SUV and stepped inside. The keys were gone, but old memories about hotwiring quickly came back to her. Pulling the wires out from underneath the dashboard, she quickly determined which wires would work. Her fingers were shaking violently and she was breathing so rapidly, she wasn"t sure if she"d be able to ever catch her breath again. But surprisingly, within moments, she was able to tap the correct wires together, sparking the ignition into start.

Slamming the door shut behind her, she glanced back. Amazingly, all was still clear, the guards were milling about quickly while the crowd watched in confusion. Shifting the truck into gear, she pulled away from the curb with as little panic as possible.

Electra was still watching in her rear view mirror a half hour later, wondering how she"d been so successful this time when she"d failed miserably all her teen years. She continued to drive, relieved that the tank was full of gas. That meant she"d be able to drive without having to stop and figure out how to purchase gas. Since she had little money, she wasn"t sure how that would be accomplished. By the time night fell, she was hungry, but still too terrified of being caught to stop and purchase food at some of the smaller villages. She kept driving, not even becoming sleepy since the adrenaline was still pumping through her body.

By midnight, after twelve hours of driving, she made it to the border. She saw the signs but no guards. Pulling over to the side of the road, she paused. In Great Britain, the borders were all water but she"d heard of how protective other countries were of their borders. If she drove over that line, would guards come racing up to arrest her? Would she be instantly identified?

Electra remembered reading about the American and Canadian borders. There were electronic devices that alerted the border guards that someone was crossing. If the car didn"t arrive at the guard station, they would come out and find the culprit. Looking around her, she didn"t see any potential devices, nor were there any signs directing her to check in with a border guard.

Taking a deep breath, she pressed the accelerator and moved forward. As her tires crossed over the border, her body tensed, her ears came alert, trying to sense the slightest movement which would alert her to border guards coming down on her.

As her back tires crossed the border, she waited, actually breaking, prepared at any moment for someone to stop, for machine guns to be pointed in her direction and swarms of sirens to go off.

Still nothing.

It was odd, she thought. Where was everyone?

She pressed the accelerator again and drove toward an unknown destination. She had only a little cash left after filling the tank up about four hours ago. So she kept driving, worried that she"d be stopped at any point.

Still, nothing happened. She was fifty miles passed the border when she finally allowed herself to think she"d gotten away with her escape. Well, not completely, she told herself. She was still in a foreign country where she didn"t speak the language, she had very little cash, but thankfully still had her passport with her. That was one obstacle she didn"t have to overcome she thought gratefully.

Food was her next crisis. Once she had something to eat, she"d be able to think through the next step. Airport, security, finding a place to hide while she figured out what she was going to do with her life. Electra shut off her mind. It was too much and she needed to think only of the next step. Everything else would fall into place once she had some sleep and found some food.

Chapter 10

Three days later, Electra put the truck into park, she simply laid her head down on the steering wheel, unable to move for several long minutes. The only reason she was able to move her sleep deprived body was the knowledge that a comfortable bed with warm blankets waiting for her less than ten yards away.

Since she had no luggage, she shut off the motor and walked up the pathway to the beach house. Her mind absently noted the sea scented air but her limbs could barely carry her up the wooden stairs to the front door. Since it was early fall, the area was basically deserted except for the birds flying overhead on the lookout for late season clams and fish.

Thankfully, the key was under the mat where her friend had told her it would be and she unlocked the door. Electra wanted to cry and bang her fists against the injustice of the whole situation, but she was just too tired to do anything other than find the bedroom and curl up. She didn"t even have the strength to make the bed. Instead, she kicked off the dime storeshoes she"d been wearing for the past two days, then just curled up, wrapping the blanket around her. Her last thought before closing her eyes was how much she missed Dharr and wanted his arms around her as she slept.

Electra slept for over twenty-four hours. That was partly due to the lack of familiar sounds that would alert her that a new day was starting, but it was mostly due to her lack of sleep for so many days.

When she finally did wake up, she looked around and sighed with relief. She was still alone, still in the beach house and still unmarried. That was the most important part, she reminded herself. She had to avoid marriage to Dharr. That would be the ultimate defeat of who she was.

She"d already lived under his author ity all her life. The body guards and lack of normalcy had been completely unfair and he"d never accept that she had been perfectly safe without the guards. Oh, Electra knew she might have done some stupid things, but that was part of growing up. One had to learn to walk and run, take a few scrapes in the knees, possibly a few broken bones, to know how to live and become an adult.

And now he wanted her to bind her life to him, be simply a part of his palace accessories. She"d be taken out when the need was appropriate and bear his children but that would be her role for the rest of her life.

She wanted more than that. She deserved more. She"d been denied so much all her life; first her mother, then her father, then her freedom, then a job where she could find self worth, identity and accomplishment. But she wouldn"t fall into a marriage with a man who didn"t love her.

No matter how much she loved him, she thought sadly. Pushing the blankets away, she walked stiffly to the bathroom. When she saw her reflection in the mirror, she gasped in horror. The dark circles under her eyes were just the beginning. Her skin was pale, her eyes were swollen and her lips were almost white with the stress of the past week.

Turning away from her image with a grimace, she turned on the hot shower, determined to start to turn her life around and decide what she was going to do. But instead of making decisions, she simply stood under the warm water and cried, terrified of never seeing Dharr again, terrified of him finding her and every scenario in between.

But how could he find her? She"d never spoken of her friends before and if he made the odd connection to the woman who had given her the job and the beach house, then she"d be surprised. Would someone at the school talk? Could someone possibly know about her friend"s beach house? It was small and Lori said she rarely rented it out because it was so isolated. Not many people wanted to holiday in this remote part of the beach. It was too far from the restaurants and bars, dance clubs and night life.

She bit her lip as she made a pot of coffee, wrapped in a fluffy white robe her friend had left in a closet. There were a few other clothes she"d borrow until she could get to the store but for right now, all she wanted to do was snuggle down into the terry cloth, drink coffee and try to feel alive again.

The day turned into a week and she found herself falling into a rhythm during the days. She"d wake up with the birds chirping outside her window, shower and make coffee. Then she"d take her coffee and a blanket out onto the wooden deck to slowly come alive. She bought several books to read, but by the end of the week, she hadn"t even read the first chapter of the first one. She"d simply stare out to sea, wondering what she was going to do with her life now.

By the early evening, when she realized that she"d accomplished nothing during the day, she"d angrily pull out the note paper from an old, worn desk and start making lists. They weren"t complicated lists, just things that occurred to her. One was a list of the things she"d like to learn, another was all the personality traits she hated in Dharr. They were harsh things like his arrogance, egotism, selfishness, high handed way he"d just dumped her into the assigned suite at the palace and ignored her. When that list was finished, she started another that listed all the character traits she wanted in her ideal man. This one was more comprehensive and started off with the ideal that the man she married would love her completely. He would also be kind, considerate, tolerant, treat her with respect and would never assume she"d become his mistress! The last one was underlined several times.

When the second list was finished, she realized it was just more of the first list but she stuck it up on the refrigerator anyway.

On the morning of the seventh day, she decided that she had to do something more than just drink coffee, then write about how angry she was with Dharr. Perhaps it had just taken her the week to overcome the exhaustion, both physical and mental, that had overwhelmed her during her escape, but she woke that morning feeling much better.

And then it struck her. Today was her wedding day! Would Dharr have called off the wedding? Or had he simply postponed it, assuming that he would have found her by now? Her fingers twitched slightly over the remote that would turn on the television, but in the end, she decided against listening to the news. She didn"t want to know. That wasn"t her life. She didn"t know what her life was anymore, but she"d figure it out somehow.

Chapter 11

Dharr prowled the London penthouse, snapping orders at anyone who dared to come into his presence without word of Electra"s presence. He was out of control of a situation for the first time in his life and he didn"t know how to handle it. Usually, he would discuss the situation, form a plan and battle all the obstacles in order to achieve the desired goal. But in this case, the goal was the obstacle.

When her guards had first reported her missing, his stomach had fallen out of his body. The worry that had eaten at him during that horrible twenty-four hours had been the worst period in his life, bar none. He"d even been able to handle his father"s death with more composure than the thought of losing Electra.

And when the reports finally came through that she was fine but had escaped, simply driven away in one of the guard vehicles, he"d been furious. He honestly couldn"t imagine feeling that furious before and if she"d shown up at that moment, he would have happily rung her pretty little neck.

How dare she run from him? From what they have together? She loved him, dammit! He knew she did. So what was the problem? They were to be married. Today in fact!

Of course, he"d postponed the wedding last week when no reports of her whereabouts had surfaced after the last sighting in Heathrow Airport. He"d told the eager reporters and well wishers seven days ago that Electra was too nervous of disappointing the people and had requested a delay so she could learn their culture more. Everyone had loved that excuse, loving her even more for that. Of course there were rumors that she"d run away but he"d quashed them quickly. But if he didn"t get her back soon, some people were going to start to wonder.

Hell, he was starting to wonder.

"Are you okay?" Edna Knight asked softly.

Dharr"s angry eyes looked across the room at the one woman who had been his saving grace during this whole ordeal. Electra"s grandmother was sensible and realistic and he"d gone to her several times over the past week, asking her for more information about Electra, trying to gain some insight into why she"d run away.

He thought he understood now, but until he found her and spoke to her, he would never be sure. And not being absolutely sure of anything tore Dharr up. He"d been raised to be sure, to analyze every situation and come to a realistic solution.

"Where is she?" he growled, prowling around the breakf ast room as if he could tear open the walls and search for her with his bare hands.

Edna sighed, angry herself with her granddaughter but showing that frustration and disappointment wouldn"t help this situation. "I would guess someplace quiet so she can think."

"Yes, you"ve said that. How much time does she need to think?" he demanded.

Edna laughed. "It will take her a while just to see how silly she"s being. But don"t give up."

His eyes burned into the older woman"s and he lit upon the one thing he thought he was confident about. "You know she loves me too, don"t you?"

Edna nodded sagely. "Yes. And she probably knows it as well."

"Then why the hell did she run?" he asked for the millionth time. "And how can you be sure she hasn"t been kidnapped?"

"Two reasons. The only reasons she would be kidnapped is to be ransomed for money or influence. Neither of those probabilities havecome to light, have they?"

She only waited a moment for the shake to confirm her point before continuing. "Besides, if I know you, and I"m starting to if just a little, then I"d wager you"ve already tested the kidnapping waters and no one is claiming responsibility. Am I correct with that assumption?"

Dharr had indeed had his agents out searching for possible ransom activists but none were even aware that his fiancee had slipped away. There were no worries in that front. At least no political worries, he clarified.

"Since that"s not the case, and you"ve mentioned seeing Electra in London, then she probablyis hidden away somewhere trying to work out of being in love with you."

"Is that a possibility?" he demanded, walking towards her with fury in his eyes.

Edna held up her hand gently to slow his progress. "No. Not with my granddaughter. Once she gives her heart, it is well and truly in love. She has loyalty down to a science."

"Then where the hell is she?" he asked, running his fingers through his hair.

He heard a discreet cough at the doorway and swung around. "What is it?" he demanded, his black eyes boring into one of his aides. "Tell me quickly and then get the hell out of here."

"There"s news, Your Highness," he started off warily. "Tell me now!" he growled, pulling the man into the breakfast room and reading the report quickly.

Whenhe was finished, he shoved the papers back at the man. "Get the plane fueled and ready to depart immediately."

"Already done, Your Highness," he said, bowing low. "All is ready and waiting for your arrival at the airport."

Electra pulled the paper toward her once again but this time, it was simply to make out a grocery list. She felt better, but she had to take things one step at a time. Food was one of the most basic things in life and she"d been living off of coffee, cheese and crackers for the past two days.

When she finished with that trip, she would start calling people, making plans and seeing if there was a small town somewhere that needed a teacher. She"d need some place that needed help and wouldn"t ask too many questions. It would have to be small, she thought, thinking through the small villages she knew of. And it would have to be far away from London.

Grabbing the keys to the jeep off the hook, she opened the front door, only to inhale sharply when she saw the man standing on thefront stoop. "Dharr!" she gasped, backing into the room as he entered.

"Good morning, my dear," he said, walking into the small beach house, his eyes sweeping through the place quickly before coming to rest on Electra. "I wish I could say otherwise,but you"re really not looking well."

She was torn between two reactions. Part of her wanted to throw herself into his arms and cry out with joy, thinking for the past ten days that she"d never see his handsome face ever again had been devastating. The other part of her wanted to run and hide, terrified of what he was already making her feel. Her determination to fall out of love with this man was already disintegrating.

"How did you find me?" she asked, deciding to start with the most basic issue. H er hands were shaking so she hid them behind her back, holding onto the kitchen chair for support.

"My agents started tracking you when you crossed the border. We found out you"d come back to London seven days ago, but then you"d dropped out of sight again."

"And?" she prompted.

"You went grocery shopping two days later. It took my agents that long to determine where you might be staying."

"Oh," she said, looking down at the floor. She hadn"t thought anyone had recognized her at the small store ten miles away. "Well, then. Where does that leave us?" she asked.

"Where do you want it to leave us?" he asked, walking into the small galley kitchen. He was looking around, his eyes latching onto her lists that were tacked upon the refrigerator.

"That"s nothing," she said, quickly moving towards him in an effort to grab her lists out of his hand. But he simply raised it higher, out of her reach while he read through the lists. For the first time, his firm mouth eased into a slight smile. He glanced down at her. "Interesting list. I assume these are my character traits?" he asked, then went on to the next one. He actually chuckled as he read through her list of things she wanted in a man. When he was finished, he looked at her again. "Liar," he simply said.

"What do you know?" she asked and walked away, crossing her arms over her chest in defiance.

He quickly read through the final list. She"d made that one yesterday and wished she"d burned it instead of tacking it up with the others. It was the one that listed all the things she liked about him. All his finer qualities. At the bottom of the long list, she"d written, "Great lover".

He laughed at that one. "I"m surprised great lover" is at the bottom of the list. I would have thought it would rank higher."

"That just goes to show how much you know me, Dharr. I don"t consider sexual compatibility one of the finer features of a man."

He put the lists down on the table and walked toward her once again. "Obviously. There are abouttwenty other things on the list that you love about me."

"Like," she clarified defiantly.

"The list says love about Dharr"," he challenged.

"It"s a mistake," she countered, her chin inching up defiantly.

"But we"re not," he responded.

Her eyes clouded over and she shook her head. "Yes. We are."

"Why do you think so?"

"Because of all the things on the first list." "That"s just window dressing and you know it. Want to know yourfaults?" he suggested. "You"re too stubborn for your own good, you"re too independent for my good and you aren"t very honest with yourself. If you were, you"d admit that you"re in love with me."

She turned away from him, not wanting him to see her face which would surely reveal that he was right on target. "What"s the point?"

"Perhaps because I love you and not having you by my side or at least knowing where you are has driven me insane this past week?"

She swung around to look at his eyes and her mouth fell open with his admission. It was so unlike him to admit a vulnerability. "Really?" she whispered, a small glimmer of hope sparked in her heart.

He nodded for emphasis, his dark eyes holding her gaze, not letting her look away from him. "Really. Add to that the idea of you being in another man"s arms makes me a little murderous so don"t ever cheat on me."

"Never," she said and didn"t resist when he pulled her into his arms.

"And you"re going to marry me in one week and you"ll say you love me every day until and after that time."

"Will you also say that to me?" she asked, hurt and pain of the previous ten days coming to the forefront.

"Absolutely." He kissed her gently before saying, "And as for number three on the Don"t Like About Dharr" list, you"ll have plenty of freedom. I won"t be taking you out like some sort of trophy wife." He chuckled and hugged her close. "In fact, the whole world is eager to know what kinds of reforms you"d like to start making in my country. So you have a great deal of responsibility. You"ll have to make sure to save some time for me once in a while," he teased when she snuggled up against his massive chest.

"Oh, Dharr. Do you really mean all of this?" she asked, thinking it was all too much of a fantasy.

"All of it. Especially the part about me loving you."

"Oh, Dharr! I love you too!"

"Please don"t ever leave me," he whispered against her hair. "I don"t think I can take that kind of fear again."

"You were scared?" she asked, pulling back slightly. "Terrified. I thought I"d lost you. And I was willing to tear up the world in order to find you." He looked around the tiny beach house and smiled. "But I guess I should have considered a place like this instead of a luxurious hotel somewhere. You"ve always kept me on my toes, haven"t you?"

Electralaughed and stood up on her toes to kiss him. "No more than you do for me," she whispered.

