Chapter 1

Undertaking a life-altering challenge in the middle of the summer heat? Was she crazy?!

Rachel looked out the tiny window of her rental car, thinking she should have done this in the fall. The temperatures were cooler and she had more energy, more spunk. Rachel Carson took a deep, fortifying breath. She was here now, staring out the windshield and giving herself yet another pep talk.

But as Rachel stepped out of her vehicle here in what looked to be the wilds of Maine, she was surprised that there wasn't any oppressive heat, no sticky wall of humidity. In fact, the only stimulus she encountered was a bird's sing-song mating call in the distance and a light breeze that gently lifted the wispy hair off of her neck.

Where was the oppressive heat? Where was the painful smack of humidity that caused a body to long for a cold, refreshing drink? Looking around, she took a deep breath and smelled nothing but....was that nature? She almost laughed, thinking of her childhood memories. As an adult, the only scents she smelled in the morning was coffee, suffocating car exhaust and, depending on the day, the irritating scent of the photocopier ink when someone was running a large print job. It had been a long, long time since she'd smelled anything so...organic.

And the sounds! She stood absolutely still for a long moment. There was nothing but the various birds in the distance and a few rustling sounds as the wind played tag with the leaves on the trees.

If it weren't for her urgent, career-changing purpose here today, she might actually relax.

Rachel suddenly realized what she was doing and shook her head, trying to clear her mind of both the sad memories as well as the idea that dirt could be a good smell. She hated dirt. She hated the heat of the summer sun pressing down on the top of her head until she felt like sinking to her knees in defeat. She hated the way the humidity made every piece of fabric stick to her skin and wilt no matter how much starch was applied. And she hated the mosquitoes that swarmed around her whenever she stepped outdoors no matter what time of the day.

Not that it was painfully hot right now. In fact, the temperature was warm but still comfortable. Rachel had little faith that the weather during the summer months in Maine could be this idyllic all the time. Nor was she going to stick around to find out. No, she preferred a nice, air conditioned room where the temperature was controlled, the humidity was low and any bug that showed up was crushed under the relentless onslaught of hard soled shoes running through the elegantly carpeted hallways.

Rachel tugged her black blazer down over her hips, smoothing out the expensive fabric in the hope that she didn't look as terrified as she felt.

"This is it," she whispered as she stood outside her little rental car, staring at the rough, gravel road ahead of her. "Why the man had to live out here in the middle of nowhere..." She left the end of the disparaging sentence dangling. Her prey was a recluse; no photos of Emerson Watson could be found and he was notoriously grouchy and mean. An ogre, according to some. So it was probably a good thing that the man lived out here all alone. There was no one to irritate him, he couldn't hurt other's feelings, and he probably was able to concentrate better. Yes, grouchasaurs should definitely be kept apart from the rest of humanity.

She thought of the animated movie with the huge green man-beast and his funny donkey friend. Keeping that silly image in her mind helped abate some of the anxiety over her unannounced interference in the man's obvious preference for isolation and solitude.

"But that's not going to stop me!" She started forward, almost tiptoeing down the dirt and gravel road so that her three inch heels, her favorite red ones that made her feel strong and confident, wouldn't get dirty. "First impressions," she gritted out, wanting to make a good one with the ogre in question.

As she walked down the driveway, she ignored the low-level buzzing that was coming from the bushes, pretending to not be nervous about the possible bee hives that were probably hidden in the tall, flowered shrubberies. Instead, she stared straight ahead, refusing to be intimidated by either the length of the driveway or the height of the bushes surrounding her. It almost felt like she was walking out of civilization. The area seemed so isolated, almost lonely back here. Rachel wasn't the kind of person who needed people around at all times, but there was something almost...desolate about this gravel road. Why would anyone want a narrow, one lane road leading to their house? How could people easily come and go, socialize and network?

Okay, the man is famous for being a recluse. So he probably didn't socialize a whole lot. He is probably fat and gross and irritating, so no one cared that he had a crazy-long, almost inaccessible driveway because they never visited!

She'd been walking for perhaps ten minutes when she heard a different, non-nature-produced sound. It was very faint, but definitely not a bird or an animal rustling in the bushes. Her shoulders relaxed somewhat. At least there was some form of humanity out here along the rustic, Maine coastline!

Perhaps if she were more laid-back and less goal oriented, she might actually appreciate the beauty around her. But as it was, she had a mission, an objective, and this long nature hike was slowing her down. She was on a time-schedule!

She pulled on the bottom of her jacket one more time, assuming the only person who would dare to be out in this crazy nature stuff would be none other than the reclusive Emerson Watson himself. She smoothed the wisps of hair back that had escaped during her precarious trek and straightened her shoulders, trying to appear as tall and confident as possible.

Taking the last few steps around the latest bend in the driveway, she looked around with what she hoped was a gracious smile on her face. But as soon as she took in the new sight, her shoulders drooped in frustration. This couldn't be Emerson Watson's house. The tiny, cozy cottage had all the windows open, a comfortable looking rocking chair on the front porch where several boards needed to be replaced, and weeds grew all over the cracked, concrete sidewalk. She didn't know what it looked like inside, but as it was, the outside appeared rundown, almost sad.

Nope, the shockingly wealthy Emerson Watson wouldn't be caught dead in this abode, she thought with disappointment. She looked to the left, and the road continued further through even more bushes. This tiny little cottage must be someone else's home.

She could see the potential of the cottage. With some work, it could be very quaint and relaxing. Maybe some bright curtains on the windows, some fat pillows and comfortable chairs on the front porch...a handful of shrubs and flowers to soften the outside. Well, and a good coat of paint...yes, this house could be perfect!

But Emerson Watson was one of the ten wealthiest men in the world. He was a legend in the investment community with a reputation for being ruthless in business. The man had built up his investment corporation, luring the wealthiest clients from all over the world, and compounding their wealth several times over with his secretive investment strategies. The Securities and Exchange Commission had investigated his accounts five years ago as a possible Ponzi scheme. Agents were suspicious of his investments because they consistently made money and earned returns significantly higher than the average funds could even dream of achieving. He'd been completely exonerated, and the investigation, which normally would leave some investors doubtful, had instead only added to the Watson legend.

Now Rachel wanted in. Emerson Watson chose one stock broker every year as an intern, teaching that person his secrets. Rachel wanted to be that person this year. She was sick of being an insignificant fish in a large ocean of stock brokers. Every intern Mr. Watson selected went on to gather even more clients. No one ever left his employ, they simply moved from being an intern to an employee who worked out of whatever Watson Investment office in the world they chose.

She was determined to do everything in her power to become his next intern. She'd psyched herself up to not allow any of his reputed grouchiness to hurt her feelings. She was tough and impervious to insults. She bit her lip nervously as she considered that claim...she could be. In truth, Rachel admitted to herself that she might be a wee bit too sensitive, but she could learn to be tough and impervious. She could learn anything. And Emerson Watson was the man who was going to teach her!

She was no longer playing it safe. She was going to get out into the world and push herself out of her comfort zone. Even this little weekend adventure to search out the elusive Emerson Watson was a huge stretch for her! She pretended that her knees weren't shaking with fear and her hands weren't trembling. This was how successful people became more successful!

She was intrepid!

Okay, so she wanted to be fearless. Just "fake it till you make it" was her new motto.

Turning around, she looked down the driveway, gearing herself up for another long hike, biting her lip in indecision. She looked down the gravel road, trying to calculate in her mind how far she'd walked already, and how much further the main house might be.

Because her attention was diverted, she didn't see the movement to the left of her until it was almost too late.

Emerson Jackson Watson almost fell off of the ladder on which he was working when the gorgeous woman emerged from the around the corner. Where the hell had she come from? He hadn't heard anything a moment ago! She'd just appeared with her sexy red shoes and full, luscious lips that she was nervously mauling with her pretty, white teeth.

He steadied himself and leaned his arm against the low roof of the cottage, his eyes taking in the strikingly beautiful mystery woman with the incredible legs and impossibly high heels, teetering on her toes as she walked down the driveway. Her black suit cinched in at the waist, giving him a perfect view of her sexy figure. Did she have any idea how feminine she appeared? He suspected she'd chosen that black suit and those smoking hot, red shoes as a power play, but it had backfired because her breasts were too full, pressing against the black fabric of her suit jacket and her waist seemed tiny in comparison. Those heels only made her legs look like a stripper's although he suspected she'd paid four or five hundred dollars for those killer shoes.

His eyes traveled back up her figure, appreciating all the delicious, appealing details until his eyes reached her face and he couldn't stop the punch to his gut when he took in her full lips and almond shaped eyes surrounded by thick, black lashes. There was barely any gloss left to shine those lips which only allowed the beautiful, natural color to come through. And those pink, luscious lips were enticing enough but her eyes! Those green eyes were startling!

He wanted to stare into those eyes with the long, thick lashes while he filled her up. He wanted to see what those eyes looked like when she was smiling or sad or, even better, when she was....

He shook his head and tried to remove the erotic images from his mind. Women were a distraction he didn't need. When he needed a woman's touch, he had several lady friends in town who were more than accommodating. He definitely didn't need a wannabe power woman.

"Can I help you?" he asked, enjoying her surprise when she saw him.

Rachel's eyes snapped to the right and she couldn't stop the gasp that blew from her lungs when she looked over at the man standing on the ladder by the house. As an avid gym-goer, Rachel knew what a buff, male body looked like. But this man's physique was beyond anything she'd ever seen. She wasn't sure how tall he was since he was standing on a ladder, but she suspected that he was taller than the average man. But what was extraordinary were the rippling, amazing muscles that covered his body. It wasn't like he was a body builder with bulging muscles all over, although there were plenty of those. It was more that there were just muscles....everywhere! He was tall and lithe with those sumptuous, extraordinary muscles covering every part of his body. Her eyes did an inventory of all those muscles, irritated when she couldn't see past the low riding, well-worn jeans that were just a little bit loose around his hips.

She swallowed painfully when those muscles flexed and she looked up, suddenly realizing that he was moving. Towards her! All those lovely, glistening muscles were descending that ladder, his strong hands flexing as he grasped and un-grasped the ladder while he climbed down and her eyes were drawn to the appearing and disappearing muscles along his arms and back. Everything glistened in the sunshine and she felt like she was going to pass out from the blood rushing through her body at a crazy, pulse pounding rate.

That was when she realized that she'd stopped breathing and she took a gasping breath, trying to quickly regain her equilibrium. She was just starting to find her balance when she realized how tall he was. As he approached, she had to lean her head back farther and farther until he was standing about a foot away from her, towering over her with crystal blue eyes that were so startling, she thought she might just melt into a pool of lust right there on the gravel driveway.

When she realized she was just staring at that gorgeous expanse of tanned, muscled chest with her fingers and palms itching to touch all that glorious skin, she closed her eyes and shook her head. "I'm so sorry," she whispered, her embarrassment painful.

"What are you sorry for?" he asked softly, feeling cold now that her heated eyes weren't traveling up and down his body.

She didn't like the breathy sound of her voice, but she really didn't like the way she'd objectified this stranger. She'd treated him abominably and she was ashamed. "I was looking at you inappropriately," she admitted, stiffening her shoulders and trying to look anywhere but at his chest. Didn't the man have a shirt?

His soft laughter melted over her tense shoulders until he said, "Don't worry about it. I was doing the same to you before you realized I was here."

She humphed at that and looked at the cottage, at the beaten up old truck with all the painting equipment and tools piled in the back. She wasn't exactly sure how to react to that, but wished she hadn't blushed so brightly. "Well, still...."

"What brings you out to Cape Elizabeth?" he interrupted gently.

Rachel stared at her hands, then back at the cottage again. "I'm...um..." it took her several seconds to remember why she'd actually come here. She looked around...the bushes, the gravel drive, the cottage...none of it made sense with this gorgeous, muscled stranger standing in front of her. All her mind could think and wonder about was how much she wanted to touch his skin, to taste him and bury her nose....

Good grief! She'd never reacted to a man like this before and she was horrified at her undisciplined behavior!

Focus! She wasn't here to gawk!

What was she doing here? And where was the man's shirt?! "Oh...I'm looking for someone," she answered, relieved when her memory returned. Was that piece of fabric draped over the bannister of the front porch his shirt?

She stepped around the extremely large male and walked over to the piece of fabric and picked it up, refusing to lift it to her nose to smell it. Surely it smelled awful, wouldn't it? But the man didn't smell. At least not bad. There was something....just right about the way he smelled despite the sweat covering all those fabulous, taut muscles.

She handed the shirt to him delicately, silently indicating he should put the shirt on and cover himself in front of her.

Unfortunately, the subtle hint didn't really work because the obnoxious man just tossed that shirt over his shoulder. Rachel wasn't sure if she was irritated that he hadn't covered up some of those muscles or if she was relieved that he hadn't put the shirt on and covered all of them so she could speak with him intelligently. His exposed chest was making her stupid!

"Who are you looking for?" he asked, wiping his hands on a rag he dug out of the back of the truck.

"He's probably your employer," she said carefully, looking down to check her red shoes. "Mr. Emerson Watson."

"Why do you want to talk to him?" the stranger asked.

Rachel looked at him curiously. Why had he gone tense for that fraction of a second? He must not like his employer, Rachel sighed. If everything she'd heard about Mr. Watson was true, she wasn't going to enjoy working for him either.

She looked around, desperate to focus once more on her mission but she was having trouble with him standing there with his bare chest looking so enticing! "Could you please put that shirt on?" she snapped, glaring at him.

Emerson suppressed his chuckle, enjoying her discomfort. "Why? It's hot and I have a lot of work to do today."

Her hand covered her stomach which refused to stop fluttering like a silly school girl in front of her first crush. "It isn't appropriate!" she almost growled. She flung her hands behind her back, afraid she might actually move closer to him and explore all of those impressive muscles.

"It's certainly appropriate when scraping paint. The flecks get everywhere. I don't want to ruin my shirt," he replied, grinning down at her. He didn't mind watching her wiggle since he was having just as much trouble controlling his own reaction to her closeness. He liked knowing he wasn't the only one in this conversation that was impacted. Besides, he thought as he looked down into her green eyes, she was cute in addition to having a smoking hot body. It had been a very long time since he'd been around a woman like her. And he'd never reacted like this to any woman. "Why do you want to talk to Emerson? I've heard people call him some pretty bad names."

Rachel's eyes snapped up to his. "Really?" she asked, instantly worried. Then she regained control of herself. Shaking her head, she looked away again. "Never mind. I don't care if he's a horrible human being. I want to work for him anyway. So if you would be kind enough to direct me to him, I'd be very much obliged." She forced a polite smile to her face, still trying to ignore her racing heartbeat.

Emerson almost chuckled at her cute, determined expression that did nothing to hide her nervousness. "There's a house at the end of this driveway. It's possible that who you're looking for is there."

"Possible?" she asked, hearing the improbability in the way he phrased that question. "So you don't think he's there now?"

Emerson shrugged, enjoying her honest reactions. The instant she knew who he was, the facade would go up and he'd get the rehearsed speech, the professional demeanor and she probably had practiced looking like a hard-edged investment broker in front of her mirror. He liked the softer, more insecure woman standing in front of him now. She was beautiful, soft and sexy. Not to mention, he really liked her shoes.

"There's a ninety percent chance that he's out and about. Who would spend time indoors on a day like today?"

The woman looked up into the sky as if she were seeing the clear blue sky and bright sunshine for the first time. "I suppose," she replied, scrunching up her nose. Emerson saw the impatience in her face, and the irritation that her goal for the day was being delayed and suppressed another chuckle.

"Would you like something to drink? You look a bit thirsty."

Rachel quickly shook her head but the man was already walking over to the beat up truck and reaching his long arm into the rusty trailer. She was so fascinated by the play of muscles over his shoulders and back as he reached in, she forgot to speak. By the time she found her voice again, he already had a bottle of water in each hand and was walking back towards her, extending one of the bottles.

"Thank you," she said, feeling parched now that she saw the cold-looking water.

He even opened the bottle for her and she carefully took it, not wanting to touch him in the transfer process. But then he lifted his bottle of water to his lips and her mouth fell open as she watched the muscles in his neck while he drank down the water, her lips aching to kiss the tanned skin on that neck, explore the Adam's apple there and move ever so slowly downwards to touch the ridges in his abdomen.

She jumped when he said, "Not thirsty?"

"Um..." she hesitated for a split second longer, then tore her eyes away and looked at the bottle of water. She hurriedly lifted the water to her lips and took a long, cooling draw, wishing it could cool down her suddenly raging libido.

"Thank you," she said, carefully wiping her mouth. "I was thirsty and didn't think to bring any water out here."

"Most people don't realize how long the driveway is."

"Why is it so long?" she asked, more curious about this man standing in front of her than her hopeful employer at the moment. "And why isn't it wide enough for a car to get through?"

The tall man shrugged slightly, drawing her eyes back to those spectacular, broad shoulders. "It's more private this way, I suppose. People still find their way down here though."

She flushed, realizing that she'd come here uninvited herself. "Yes, well...I'm on a mission," she explained, smiling up at him with a return of her determination. "Emerson Watson is one of the best investment bankers in the industry and I'm determined to become his next intern."

The man's dark eyebrows went up and he leaned against the bannister of the front porch. "Why would you want to do something boring like that?" he asked. "Wouldn't it be nicer to work outside in the sunshine or take a long walk down the coast?"

Rachel laughed. "I've done quite enough exploring in my life, thank you," she answered, thinking of her childhood in rural Virginia. She'd hated living out in the country with nothing to do, no neighbor for several miles and boredom kicking in from the moment she woke up in the morning until she went to sleep at night. If it weren't for books and reading as well as her best friends Nikki and Brianna later on in elementary school, she would have gone crazy a long time ago. "I much prefer the city life."

"You live in New York now?"

She grimaced slightly, but was thrilled that he would think that of her. "No. I wish. I actually work in Washington, D.C.," she replied. "There's a pretty active investing world down there as well. As is the case in most major cities." She blushed, wondering why she was explaining the investing world to this man. It seemed odd somehow. "K Street in downtown Washington, D.C. is busy with the area being surrounded by tall buildings and lots of hustle and bustle, but it's nothing like Wall Street."

"And you want to be on Wall Street, I take it?"

She smiled and nodded her head. "I think that would be the ultimate joy, being among all those people who know how to make the financial world move and shift. It must be fabulous to hear all those rumors floating around, to figure out how to use those rumors to make money for one's clients or just to see the determination in everyone's eyes and know that you're just like them. Just as hard driving and efficient." She shrugged slightly, her fingers gripping the water bottle nervously. "K Street is fine. But I want the real thing. I want Wall Street and the fastest way to get there is to be taught by the best."

"And Watson is the best?" he asked.

Rachel laughed. "He has no equal. So even if he is the worst person in the world, I think I could still learn a great deal from him." She blinked, realizing that she hadn't even introduced herself. "I'm sorry! I'm Rachel Carson," she said and extended her hand. "I didn't mean to interrupt your day with my silly story," she said with a smile, almost bracing herself for his touch.

Emerson looked at her delicate, tiny hand and wanted to shake her. What she wanted existed, but he knew that she would hate it. Hell, he'd been reading people all his life, knowing what made them tick just from a short conversation. It was one of the reasons he was so successful. And he knew instantly that Rachel Carson would die a slow, painful death in New York City. "You can call me Jack," he said and enfolded her tiny hand in his large one, holding her still, feeling the warmth and vitality of her skin.

Rachel looked down at their hands, her heart pounding so rapidly it almost felt like it was about to burst out of her chest with the contact. She tried to pull away, but he held her hand firmly and her eyes glanced upwards, colliding with his blue ones once again.

"I have to go," she whispered, praying that he would release her hand. She didn't like this feeling, didn't like knowing she was helpless, controlled by the power of his touch.

He didn't say anything for a long moment, just stood there, holding her hand in his larger one, feeling the trembling and resisting the urge to wrap her into his arms and tell her to run as far away from Wall Street as possible. Instead, he held her tiny hand with the delicate bones, trying to suffuse her body with his strength. "Why?" he asked softly, his curiosity about this woman growing.

Why? She searched her mind frantically, not remembering where she was much less what she was supposed to be doing at the moment. And then it came back to her in a rush and she cringed inwardly at how ridiculous she must appear. "Because I have to find Mr. Watson. It's urgent."

The man's smile only increased the painful pounding of her heart but, adding her wobbly knees and trembling limbs, she felt like she might just pass out. From a man's touch? That sounded ridiculous, she told herself. Pulling her hand out, she stepped back from the man.

"I have to go," she said with more force, shaking her head and forcing the wisps of hair out of her eyes. "Is his house that way?"

The tall, tanned and still fascinating man named Jack smiled slightly. "If you go down this road a bit more, you'll run into another house."

"And that's where Mr. Watson lives?" she asked hopefully, desperate for clarification after this encounter.

The man shrugged those massive shoulders, still holding the half-empty bottle of water. "I'm pretty sure he's not home but you're welcome to go ring the doorbell. Molly might be there."

A woman? That perked up Rachel's interest. The man couldn't be so bad if a woman were in residence. He must have to control his temper sometimes. "I'd be very interested to meet his wife," she said with rising hope.

The man's chuckle was her first warning. "Molly isn't anyone's wife," Emerson replied. "She's the ruler of that house. She's probably there now cooking. She only comes by to make dinners and clean as well as to make sure everything is running as she deems fit. She stops by when Watson isn't there so she can make sure he hasn't messed anything up."

Rachel sighed as her hopes were mercilessly dashed. "So he's such an ogre that even his housekeeper can't stand being around him," she replied, her shoulders drooping slightly. "Thanks for the warning." Shaking her head as if to banish such weak thoughts, she rallied quickly, refusing to give up on her quest. "Better to be alert," she told him and forced a smile to her face and smoothed down her jacket. "I'm off. Thank you very much for the information."

With that, she forced herself to turn around and walk down the gravel road and no matter how many times she wanted to, she didn't allow herself to turn back to take another glance at the man's enticing anatomy. She was fairly certain he was watching her though. A tingling in the center of her back told her that his eyes were watching her as she carefully walked down the irritatingly long, gravel road.

It took her another ten minutes and by the time she rounded the last corner, her feet were aching. She might love these shoes, but her feet didn't love walking in them. The soles were so thin, she could feel every sharp corner of every piece of rock over which she'd traversed this morning.

When she finally caught sight of the house, the pain in her feet disappeared as she looked out at the gorgeous view. The enormous house was set up high on the cliff looking out to the ocean and it was possibly the most beautiful, peaceful scene she'd ever encountered. The structure had an ultra-modern feel, but there were quirky touches that helped the house look warm and comfortable with a cottage feel to everything. The cedar shingles added a coastal edge but it occurred to her that she couldn't imagine why one man needed so much space. The house was enormous! There were turrets and long walls of windows, at one point, she could see through the house to the ocean. The space seemed to be some sort of hallway that connected the main house to a smaller area that was still larger than her whole apartment.

In a word, the house was magnificent.

She jerked herself out of her gawking and forced her aching feet to walk up the wide, stone steps to the front door. She pretended like her fingers weren't shaking as she reached out and rang the doorbell, then held her breath, mentally preparing herself to deal with any kind of anger or irritation at her uninvited presence.

When a stern looking woman answered the door, Rachel felt an almost painful letdown mixed with relief.

"May I help you?" she asked, her voice polite, but not very impressed with Rachel's presence.

Rachel took a breath, praying that her efforts would pay off. "I'm here to speak with Mr. Watson if he's available."

Molly looked the young, beautiful woman up and down, approving of the woman's gumption if not so much her business suit. "How did you get up here? The driveway isn't wide enough for a car to get through." Molly looked down at Rachel's red shoes with confusion.

Rachel was surprised by the abrupt words and only a half-hearted greeting. "I walked," Rachel said with a bright smile. "It isn't very far." Which was a complete lie when one was walking in three inch heels. "Is Mr. Watson available?"

Molly leaned against the doorway, pressing her lips together as she contemplated how to answer the lovely woman's question. "That man is out there somewhere," she said, looking out over the flowering bushes that seemed to be everywhere. "He's not here but then, he's rarely inside on a day like today."

Rachel felt defeated and flustered. "Oh," was all she could say at the moment, her green eyes clouding over with temporary defeat. But she wasn't going down yet. The man had to come home some time, didn't he? "Do you know when he usually returns?"

Molly looked out into the sunshine as if trying to find the answers in the chaos of the Maine landscape. "That man has the oddest schedule you'll ever find," she explained. "He does what he wants, when he wants. He works when the mood strikes him but all other times, he's out working on one project or another. I can't tell you when he'll be here, but I'd put money on him being at the Eager Beaver a bit later, a bar over on the other side of the peninsula. He generally gets a beer or two there most nights."

Rachel sighed with exasperation. This wasn't sounding like the man she wanted to emulate. He didn't work a normal schedule? She'd always thought that being regimented and on a strict schedule would help her get ahead. Most mornings, she was the first one into the office and she stayed late each night while the foreign exchanges were still thriving. It was all very confusing.

"Thank you for your help," Rachel said as the woman tucked a dishrag into the waistband of her apron.

Molly chuckled at the lovely woman's disappointment. If Molly had her way, the man in question would be right here, getting to know this pretty stranger and settle down. Molly wanted some babies to take care of and that obstinate Emerson Jackson Watson wasn't getting on board quickly enough. "Good luck finding him. He's a wily devil."

Rachel walked back down the stone steps, squinting her eyes against the sunshine as she considered her options. It was only ten o'clock in the morning. She'd gotten the earliest flight out of Dulles Airport so she could arrive here early enough to catch him before the famous Emerson Watson started his day. Now she was finding that he never really started his day. How exasperating.

She wasn't giving up though. It was Friday morning which meant she had all weekend to try and catch the man. Tenacity was the way to go, she told herself, trying to pep herself up. She hadn't caught him yet, but she still had until Sunday evening before she had to fly back to Washington, D.C.

Rachel walked back, her knees shaking once more as she rounded the corner where the handsome man had been twenty minutes ago. Sure enough, there he was, standing on the ladder, his shoulder muscles flexing in the sunshine, looking amazingly strong and virile.

"Find what you're looking for?" he called out.

Her eyes widened in surprise. "How did you...?"

"I can feel you," he said and tossed the tool he'd been using to scrape the paint off of the cottage into a bucket and descended the ladder. Walking over to her, he wiped his hands on a relatively clean rag. "So?"

She sighed and shifted uncomfortably. "Why do I get the feeling that you're laughing at me?"

He couldn't stop the chuckle at her adorable irritation. "Perhaps because I think you're cute. And you're priorities are wrong."

She certainly didn't like the sound of that. She squinted up at him, trying to see his eyes. "Why are my priorities wrong? What's wrong with wanting to learn new things?"

"Nothing is wrong with that. But correct me if I misunderstood, but you're looking for Watson so that you can learn the secrets to his investing philosophy, no matter how cutthroat it might be. Am I right?"

She shrugged. "There isn't anything wrong with trying to get ahead."

There was a long pause while he looked at her pretty green eyes. "Ahead of what?" he asked softly.

That seemed like such a ridiculous question with an annoyingly obvious answer. "Ahead of the crowd!" she came right back. "I don't want to be part of the pack." He smiled and Rachel couldn't stop those crazy flutterings at the impact of that smile. She wanted to punch him or maybe even run away, but her feet were planted right here, trying to figure him out.

"You want to lead the herd, eh?"

"No! I want..." she stopped and thought for a moment, which was difficult with his muscular chest right in front of her. "Would you please put on a shirt?"

"Why? It's hot and messy work."

"Because I can't think with you like that!" she snapped, her hand gesturing to his bare chest. Horrified at what she'd just admitted, she then pulled her hand back behind her so she wouldn't completely insult him by reaching out and touching those muscles. She'd never seen a man that looked like this before. Well, there were the men in the gym. She supposed they were just as muscular, but there was something different about Jack.

He chuckled, but she breathed a sigh of relief when he walked over to his truck and grabbed the tee-shirt she'd handed him before. Obviously, he'd just tossed it into the truck after she'd left.

When he was fully covered, she sighed. "Thank you."

"Better?"

She bit her lip, not sure that it was any better. She couldn't see those muscles, but she knew they were there, just under the thin cotton. "It's fine," she said anyway. "What were we talking about?"

"You were telling me you'd love to have dinner with me tonight," he came right back.

Her eyes widened and she suddenly laughed. "I don't think that was the topic of conversation."

His smile widened, causing her tummy to flip flop once again. "So, let's change the subject. Investing is pretty tedious stuff anyway."

She rolled her eyes, but she was still smiling. This man was gorgeous, buff and charming? Not fair! "It isn't tedious. It's actually quite fascinating."

"In what way?" he asked, leaning against the truck. He reached in and pulled out a gallon sized jug, poured some yellow liquid out into a paper cup and handed it to her.

She reached out, sniffing warily. "What's this?"

"This," he said as he lifted his own cup up in salute, "is the quintessential summer drink." And he took a long sip. Once again, Rachel couldn't tear her eyes away from his neck, fascinated by everything about him.

"Trust me," he encouraged softly when he lowered his cup and noticed her staring at him.

Rachel had the oddest sensation that he was referring to more than the liquid in her cup. She jerked back to reality and stared down at the liquid. "Lemonade?" she asked. She took a sip of the tart, sweet drink, closing her eyes as it moved down her throat. "Goodness, this is delicious!" she sighed.

"Told ya," he replied with a wink. "Where are you off to now that you haven't found your man?"

Rachel bit her lip, twirling the cup in her hand. "I'm not really sure. I hadn't really thought about the possibility of him not being here." Which was a silly reaction, she knew.

"Didn't you have a pitch for him? Something to sell you're laudable qualities to the great and pretentious Emerson Watson?"

His comment startled her and she looked up at him curiously, desperately wanting some insight into the man she was trying to learn from. "Why do you think he's pretentious?"

"You're avoiding my question, but in answer to your own question, anyone who has a house that big has to be pretty pretentious."

She laughed, giving him that much. "Okay, the house is a bit much. Why does one man need so much space?" she asked.

Jack shrugged his shoulders. He knew the answer since he'd built the house himself. "Who says he does? Maybe he just bought the house because it has so much land around it. Deters strangers coming up to his front door." None of that was true, but it sounded plausible. He'd actually built the house because he'd grown up in dumps, sometimes literally, with his Uncle Mario, helping out at a local restaurant just to get free food. Well, and he'd liked the owners who were kind and generous.

When he'd learned to invest, he'd been crowded into the damn New York City streets and offices with millions of other souls, all of whom constantly tried to cut their competition down to size. He'd built the house because of the fresh air, the freedom of the land and the incredible view of the ocean. He loved watching the storms blow in, accepting that he wasn't powerful or omniscient. He was just human and the ocean reminded him of his humanity every time he woke up and looked out his bedroom window.

She laughed, understanding that he was referring to her very recent attempt to do just that. "Is he really such an ogre? Do you know him well?"

"I guess I know him as well as just about anyone knows another person." That was an evasion and he felt only slightly uncomfortable with the omission of his true identity. But he had to admit, he was fascinated by this woman. He wanted to get to know her, to understand her without his reputation hindering their conversation.

"What's he like?" she asked, feeling comfortable talking with him despite the ever-present need to touch him, smell him and...she had to stop thinking things like that!

Emerson gestured to the porch, offering her the lone chair at the front of the cottage. "He eats up little stock brokers like you for breakfast," he teased.

Rachel laughed and Emerson's gut tightened at the soft, husky sound. She didn't look like the kind of woman who would laugh like that, he thought, watching her green eyes brighten with her wide, breathtaking smile. She relaxed back into the surprisingly comfortable rocking chair. "The man you want to work with has no principles. He's hard, distrusts humanity, and hasn't had any reason to change his impression. He's seen the worst of people because of his talents, and he's learned to play the game well enough to be on top of the dung heap. He prefers to separate himself from that world."

"Is that why he moved out here to Cape Elizabeth?" she asked softly, feeling sadness and compassion for the man she hadn't yet met. "But if he hates people and the financial world so much, why does he continue to invest?"

Emerson shrugged. He couldn't really explain why he hadn't simply retired from the investing world completely. He had enough money stored up for several lifetimes but there was just something about investing, in drawing conclusions about where a company or even a country or commodity was going to go. It was like a puzzle, a mystery that was an almost compulsive, driving need within him. "I can't really answer that question," he told her honestly.

"What's his secret?" she asked slyly with a huge grin.

Emerson looked at her and wanted to take her into his arms and make love to her right here in the sunshine. He wanted to put that smile on her face because of a joke or because he made her feel good, not because he had some secret investing strategy he could relay to her. There wasn't really any sort of trick to what he did anyway. He just read the news and saw the bigger picture.

"Perhaps his secret is here, in the water and the sunshine."

That definitely wasn't the answer she was looking for. She frowned and shook her head, trying to understand but coming up empty. "I don't get it."

He smiled gently and took a long sip of his lemonade. "I didn't think you would," he said with resignation. "The man you're looking for is the kind of guy who relaxes as often as he works. He doesn't try to be the first to discover the next big thing, he looks at life, enjoys what comes his way and shrugs off the opportunities that he misses. There's a lot out there to do. It would be difficult to try and have it all."

"I disagree," she replied primly. "And if anyone has it all, it would be Emerson Watson. The man has more money than god and all the power behind that kind of wealth." She might be shallow to want that kind of power, but she didn't care. She would never go back. She'd lived the life of a pauper and it wasn't kind or gentle. It was having people take advantage of you because you didn't have the power to force them to be fair and courteous. It was going without meals and walking long distances when the car broke down again. It was missing parties with friends because she either couldn't get a ride to the party, or didn't have anything appropriate to wear and was too insecure to go in what she had, knowing that the other guests would laugh at her outfit. Poverty was painful, not empowering.

Emerson saw the emotions flit over her lovely, delicate features and something struck him hard. She wasn't just a flighty, greedy investor. There was much more to this woman. She had depth of character that was usually missing in the people who sought out his financial advice. "Is that what you want?" he asked softly. "Power and money?"

She thought about her two best friends she'd known from elementary school all the way through college, Nikki and Brianna, both of whom had struggled just as hard as she had over the years. Brianna was a reporter who loved reporting on the beauty in the world, even if it was a garden party or the latest society wedding. And Nikki was a sweet, kind, gentle, dynamo school teacher who loved her job but not all the abuse she had to take from the parents who liked to push her around. She thought of her parents who had lost their house because of a corrupt mortgage company. The error had been rectified, but not before they'd been kicked out of their house.

She straightened her shoulders and stiffened her spine, refusing to go back to her old life. "Yes. I want power and money." She didn't go into the reasons now, but her chin jutted out defensively. "I know some people think that desire is shallow, but I don't care."

"Do I look like I have a lot of money?" he teased.

Rachel's eyes focused on the man, coming back to the present. She shrugged one shoulder and took another sip of lemonade. "Anyone can have hidden wealth. I try hard not to judge someone by the way they dress or what they do."

He was impressed. In his experience, most people in the investing community dismissed laborers as unimportant. People that provided a service would be beneath their acknowledgement.

Feeling awkward all of a sudden, Rachel stood up. "I'd better let you get back to your work," she said, feeling uncomfortable, especially when he stood up as well. He was closer than she'd thought and she looked up at him nervously.

"I'll walk you to your car," he said and put a hand to the small of her back.

"No need," she said, hating the tremor in her voice. She needed to get away from this man. She felt something for him, something strange that she didn't completely understand nor would she allow this...vulnerability. And whatever it was that pulled her towards him, she didn't have time for it. She was here on a mission. Discovering fascinating, muscle-covered gorgeous men was not on the agenda for the weekend.

"What's the rush?" he asked when she started walking quickly back to her car.

"I'm just..."

Thankfully, her car was right around the next bush and she breathed a sigh of relief. "Here it is," she said and turned around to face him, her car keys in front of her like a shield. "Thank you for the water. And the lemonade," she said, thinking of his conversation. It occurred to her that she should probably thank him for the spectacular view of his chest as well but suppressed that thought as possibly coming out wrong. She wasn't exactly sure how to thank a man for being buff anyway.

"You're very welcome," Emerson replied, thinking about how soft her lips looked.

She stood there, feeling like she should say something, anything. There was a long, awkward silence while she bit her lower lip, wondering what it would be like to kiss those hard lips or touch his fascinating chest.

She actually jerked backwards slightly when she realized what she was thinking. Goodness! Why had she let that thought form? How rude! She glanced at his mouth, then hurriedly away. She barely knew this man! She should not be thinking about kissing him!

"Well, thank you," she said awkwardly again.

She turned around and was fumbling with her keys, trying very hard to get the key into the lock. His large, strong hand reached out and took the keys from her. Instead of unlocking the door, he took her hand in his, examining her nails. "You don't get your nails manicured every week?" he asked softly.

She wanted to curl her fingers up into a ball so he couldn't see her nails. It wasn't that they were messy. But she did her own nails, filing them on Thursday nights and painting them carefully with clear nail polish. She didn't need fabulous red or maroon nails. She didn't think it was something to waste her time on. But now, with him looking down at her nails, she desperately wished she'd taken a moment to get her nails done by someone who knew what they were doing.

"No. I don't really...," she was flustered by his touch. And he was so tall! Even in her killer heels she still only came up to his chin. "You're too tall," she whispered.

His deep chuckle caught her attention. "It's never been a problem for me before."

She smiled, but she couldn't see the humor. She was too nervous with him this close. "Can I have my keys back?"

"I'm going to kiss you," Emerson told her, wanting to warn her for some reason.

She bit her lip and looked at his chest, trying to decide if she wanted that or not. "I don't think that's a good idea," she finally came back.

"Let's find out, shall we?" he asked her, but it wasn't really a question. His hands moved to her arms, pulling her closer while his mouth descended towards hers. Slowly. So painfully slowly.

She should pull back. Put a hand on his chest to push him away. She should simply step out of his arms and tell him 'no' in a very firm voice. But she did none of that. She waited, barely breathing, for his lips to touch hers. She shouldn't, but she wanted his kiss like nothing she'd ever wanted before. And when his lips finally touched hers, she sighed with the release of her breath. With trembling hands, she reached up and touched his cheek, feeling the roughness of his day-old beard under her fingertips.

At twenty-five years old, she'd definitely been kissed before. But none of those weak, momentary caresses could compare to what she experienced when his mouth touched hers. It wasn't so much a kiss as it was a lightning bolt of desire that shot through her whole body. She trembled even while she moved closer, begging him to deepen the kiss. And when he obliged, she whimpered with the need that stormed her body, making her knees almost give out on her. It was too intense, too hot and she was shocked, but she couldn't pull away. She couldn't do anything but experience this man's kiss and savor the moment.

When he finally lifted his head, she opened her eyes and looked up at him, not sure what to say. It was almost as if words would be wrong at this point.

She looked around, startled to realize that the birds were still singing and the wind was still pushing the leaves to clap as they danced in the sunshine. What was she doing? She looked up and realized that her arms had wrapped around his neck and his own hands were spread out on her back, pressing her closer. Goodness! She stepped out of his arms, feeling disoriented and stunned by how a simple kiss could distract her so completely.

"Yes...well...um," she had no idea what to do next. She felt small and silly, as awkward as a teenager. "I'd better go," she said, but it was only a whisper. She cleared her throat, trying to gain a bit more poise. Plucking her keys out of his hand, she spun about and slipped into her car. It took her several tries to remember how to turn on the engine but finally her fingers fumbled on the button and the small rental car roared to life.

She was grateful when the man stepped back because she was so flustered, she wasn't sure if she would be able to avoid hitting him. Thankfully, she finally had the car turned around and was able to press the accelerator, speeding down the driveway and away from the man who had flustered her more than she'd thought was possible.

Chapter 2

Rachel sat uncomfortably in the rough, wooden chair, wishing she were anywhere other than here. This bar was for locals and being outside of the local community, she stuck out like a sore thumb. Well, that and the fact that she was still dressed in her business suit and red heels while the rest of the people in the bar wore flannel shirts and jeans with work boots that looked infinitely more comfortable than her three inch heels, which she planned to immediately throw into the trash when this maddening day was finally over.

She had just one mission now. She needed to introduce herself to Emerson Watson. If she could do that, get her face into his memory, she could leave here and introduce herself through a letter or phone call at a later date. Obviously, showing up at his house wasn't the right approach since the man was rarely there. Which was ironic. If she owned that house, she'd probably never leave!

Rachel still didn't understand how he could get so much done when he rarely worked. If she could just talk to him, pick his brain a bit, she might have a better understanding of how he worked. But that wasn't to be, she knew. She'd have to approach him much more surreptitiously. Tonight was only an introduction, she told herself. Just a "meet, greet and get out of his way" event.

She twirled the glass of her white wine around in front of her, looking at the other patrons. They were all laughing and having a good time. It felt like everyone knew each other here. Sort of a "Cheers" type of environment. Which only made her feel even more awkward, since she didn't know anyone.

When the doors opened up again, she looked in that direction, hoping to see an older, distinguished man with a frown or perhaps scowling eyes.

What she didn't expect to see was Jack strolling casually through the doors. As soon as she saw him her mind screamed for her to hide. But there wasn't any place to hide except under the table. As their kiss earlier today flashed through her mind, she actually considered hiding below the table as an option. She didn't want to see him much less talk to him after that kiss. It had been too mind-blowing, too special. She wasn't sure how to react to him now.

Unfortunately, the dratted man wasn't going to let her hide. As soon as he saw her, he walked to her table. Not even waiting for an invitation, he picked up the chair on the opposite side of her table and sat down in it backwards, leaning his arms across the back. "So we meet again," he said smoothly.

"Hey Jack!" someone from the bar called out. "The usual?"

"Sure!" he called back, not moving his eyes away from Rachel's now-burning face.

"Were you able to accomplish your mission today?" he asked softly, his eyes surveying her pink features in the dim light of the bar.

She couldn't hide her grimace. "No. I couldn't find him anywhere," she said, looking down at her wine glass. "But you already knew that, didn't you?"

Jack's heart lurched with her words. Had she somehow found out about his identity? Who would have told her? "What do you mean?" he asked, playing along just to hear what she might say.

"The man is a ghost," Rachel said with a frustrated sigh. "I can't imagine where he's gone, but he hasn't appeared in any of the places the locals said he might be."

He smothered a chuckle and watched her pretty green eyes, fascinated by all the emotions that were surging in them for him to see. "Is that why you're here?"

Rachel nodded, lifting her glass to her lips and taking a sip, then cringing as the foul tasting wine hit her taste buds. With him sitting in front of her, the flannel shirt pulled taught against those broad, muscular shoulders and his long, jeans-clad legs stretched out on either side of her own legs, she was flustered and trying to regroup so he wouldn't know how powerfully he impacted her.

So with all of that hot, studly masculinity turning her mind to mush, it was no wonder she'd forgotten how bad the wine was. She'd made the decision after the first two or three sips that nothing could make this foul concoction taste better. Pushing the wine glass away, she tried to school her features into something less revealing, trying to hide both her reaction to the wine as well as to the man.

"Bad stuff, isn't it?" Emerson laughed, seeing how she was trying to hide her reaction to the cheap wine. "Dennis focuses more on the local beers. Wines just aren't his specialty."

Dennis brought over a bottle of Emerson's regular preference, a dark beer called Allagash Dubbel. "Dennis, could you bring over one of the Allagash Whites?" he suggested.

Dennis didn't respond but simply turned around and headed back to the bar.

Since Jack took a long sip of the beer the bartender had just placed in front of him, Rachel was concerned that, whatever an 'Allagash White' was, it was intended for her. "What's an Allagash White?" she asked, instantly on alert and wary. "I don't do well with most beers," she explained, trying very hard not to sound like a prissy woman, but she really didn't like beer.

"You'll like this one," he argued. "Besides, it's made by one of the local brewing companies in Portland. You should always support the locals, right?"

When Dennis plunked a beer bottle along with a frosted glass in front of her, Emerson almost chuckled. A frosted glass? No one else in the bar rated a frosted glass. Hell, Emerson hadn't even known that Dennis had glasses, much less cold ones. Ignoring Dennis' grunt of greeting that sounded more like a grizzly bear, he handed the beer to Rachel. "Try this," he coaxed.

Rachel looked around and noticed that no one else in the bar was using a frosted glass so she lifted the bottle to her lips and took a brave sip. When she realized that it wasn't horrible, her eyes widened. "Wow!" she said softly, amazed that there was a beer that was actually palatable.

"You're first lesson today," Emerson said as he took a long draw from his own beer. "Always try local."

She wasn't sure if she should roll her eyes or laugh and agree with him. Instead, she took another sip of the beer. The second and third sips were actually quite good. "I guess beer isn't as horrible as I'd originally thought."

"So tell me what you did and where you went to hunt down you're mysterious and hard-to-find Mr. Watson."

Rachel sighed and took another sip of the beer, enjoying the taste as well as the coolness as it slipped down her throat. "Well, I went to several of the local restaurants and, when I couldn't resist the temptation any longer, had a lobster roll over by one of the lighthouses."

Emerson suspected that she'd grabbed a bite over at the Two Lights Lobster Shack. It had a spectacular view and all the tourists seemed to stop by for a bite, but it wasn't his favorite place to eat. "And how was it?"

She shrugged her shoulders, trying to be polite but not wanting to lie so she went with a politically acceptable answer. "It needed something."

He chuckled at her lukewarm reaction to one of Maine's most famous delicacies. "A lobster roll is just a bunch of lobster meat on a roll. What more could a person want?" He actually loved the stuff, but he also knew the best places to grab one.

She took another sip of the beer and contemplated the possibilities. "Lobster is delicious, but if they had included some sort of a spicy garlic sauce or some other topping that could go on the bread, that would enhance the flavor a great deal."

He agreed. "Hmmm...a Maine native would be horrified."

She laughed and nodded her head. "I suppose that's true."

Once again he was struck by how sexy her laugh was. He liked it. A lot! "Where else did you go?"

"Someone else suggested The Dogfish Grill. I went there and had a burger."

Emerson laughed, picturing the horror on her face when she caught sight of their burgers. "And how was that?"

She grinned, laughing herself at the enormous burger. "I'd only ordered something easy so I could wait for the man in question. But that thing was...." She wasn't really sure how to describe that burger.

"Huge," he supplied with another chuckle.

She nodded, laughing at herself. "I couldn't think of any other place the man might be. No one knows anything about him so the only place someone thought to mention, his housekeeper by the way, was to come here. So I've been here for most of the evening. Although I did tour through the art museum. That was an impressive collection! I loved the...." She was about to say the statues but stopped herself, thinking back to the nude statues done in the white marble.

Emerson laughed, knowing exactly what she hadn't said. And why. But he took mercy on her embarrassment and moved on. "You haven't had dinner?"

"The lobster roll and a few bites of the burger," she told him.

He was surprised at that statement, noticing how thin she already was. "But that was hours ago. You need to eat something else."

Rachel's eyes widened when he lifted his hand to signal to Dennis. "Two burgers with everything," he called out. Dennis nodded his head, completely ignoring Rachel's shaking head as he shuffled off to the kitchen to put in their order.

As the night progressed, she made it from one beer to three, downing the burger in no time since it was amazingly juicy and delicious, but the third beer was her undoing. They'd been talking about anything and everything, Rachel laughing at his insights into the various places she'd visited and offering her additional ideas. It was a fun night, good conversation and excellent food but she also started to feel a bit too relaxed. When Jack raised his hand to order another round, she pulled his hand down. "I think I'm sticking to seltzer water for the rest of the night."

Emerson looked down at her, saw the bright smile in her eyes and acquiesced. "I suppose you've relaxed enough. Come on," he told her, grabbing her hand and pulling her up out of the chair.

"Where are we going?" she asked, following despite the pain in her feet from walking all over town in these heels.

"I'm going to teach you how to play pool."

Rachel kept a straight face as she followed behind, enjoying the strong hand pulling her behind him. She didn't tell him about her pool-playing days in college. If he wanted to assume things about her, then he could go ahead. She thought it might be an easy way to make a few bucks. "I don't know if pool will be as easy to teach as drinking beer," she cautioned. She considered him forewarned with that shot.

"Here," he said and handed her a pool stick. At one of the open pool tables in the back of the bar, he pulled all the balls together, sliding them into place. "Okay, so here's how you play," he said and moved behind her, pulling her close and bending her low over the table. "You have to sight the balls down the end of the cue stick," he said softly, his voice deep and heavy in her ear with his warm breath blowing the wisps of hair along her overly sensitized skin.

She shivered when his right hand moved down her back, then along her arm to the end of the stick. "This hand will add force to the hit while," and he leaned in even closer, sliding his left hand down her arm, his groin pressing against her bottom intimately and causing her eyes to close as the impact of his double caress hit her hard, "the other hand aims."

He chuckled softly as he noticed her closed eyes, but he liked it, liked knowing that he could impact her like this. "You won't hit many balls into the pockets with your eyes closed."

She took a deep breath and stood up, moving out of his embrace. "I think I got this," she whispered, shaking her head to get the clean scent of Jack out of her mind.

"Are you sure?" he asked softly, towering over her, enjoying the fascinating light in her green eyes. "I'm more than willing to show you how to do it for your first few tries."

She narrowed her eyes in his direction, finally understanding what he was up to. "Stand over there," she told him, her voice not nearly as firm as she'd intended. She pointed towards the other side of the pool table.

When he'd sauntered over to where she'd pointed, she leaned down again, starting to aim the pool stick. But her jacket was too tight. She stood up, laying the stick on the side of the pool table and slipped her arms out of the jacket, laying it on the top of one of the unused pool sticks.

"Better," she said and leaned over once again. She didn't see the man stare at her, didn't know that Emerson's mouth went dry at the sight of her body placed across the pool table in such a suggestive manner. He watched her, ignoring the solid and striped balls as he focused only on Rachel's slender, voluptuous body stretched out so perfectly for his viewing pleasure.

He heard the balls strike but he was too busy watching her to see what had happened to the balls.

Rachel stood up and surveyed the pool table with satisfaction when three of the balls went into the pockets. Looking over at Jack, she smiled in his direction brilliantly. "Want to put some money on the game?" she asked.

He chuckled, almost more turned on by her smile than her round bottom that had been sticking up in the air a moment ago. "You sound like a pool shark. Are you telling me that you're that good?"

She shrugged and looked at the table. "I don't know. Are you any good?" she asked, glancing up at him with a sly smile.

Emerson wasn't immune to those soft, green eyes. They were laughing at him and he instantly knew that he was about to be played. But if it meant he could watch her bend over the pool table like that again, he was all for it. "What's your price?" he asked softly, watching her eyes light up even more. He knew he was in trouble then.

"How about the bar tab?" she suggested, grinning from ear to ear.

"Deal," he laughed and moved forward. "My turn?"

"Not a chance. I just put three balls into the pocket."

Emerson's surprise was written plainly on his face. He looked down at the pool table and sure enough, three of the solid balls were gone. "Okay, City Girl. You're on."

She laughed and almost danced to her next position.

"I think I've been played," Emerson said out loud, enjoying her laughter as well as her lush body as it moved in front of him.

One after another, she shot the solid balls into the pockets, barely even touching any of the striped balls unless she needed one for a ricochet.

"Excuse me," she said, looking over her shoulder as she tried to get the angle for her last ball to go in.

"Absolutely," he said, but he grabbed her waist, his breath warm as he said into her ear. "I'll just wait on the other side of the table." His hand slid along her waist and her back, causing shivers to move all through her body.

She knew exactly what he was doing but couldn't stop it. "That's cheating," she whispered, closing her eyes to fight the heavy languor that melted her insides with his touch.

He chuckled as he moved around the pool table. "You're right." He stood in front of her, his face unreadable since the light was over the pool table and his height caused his face to be cast in the shadows. "Second lesson for the day. Take advantage of all situations that come to you."

She hesitated, trying to regain control of her body but her hands were now shaking and she wasn't sure what she'd been about to do. Looking around, she blinked, then glared at the obnoxious man. "You'll pay for that," she groaned.

His grin widened. "I'm counting on it, actually."

She shook her head, trying to focus on the table, the position of the balls...anything but Jack. But his touch was too much. As soon as she pulled back, she knew that she wasn't going to make her shot. Unfortunately, the momentum was already there and she couldn't stop the swing forward. The white ball actually popped into the air, dropping with a loud thunk without even touching another ball.

She stood up, glaring at him as he laughed softly, moving behind her once again. "I guess it's finally my turn," he whispered in her ear.

She shivered and thought that this would be the perfect time to melt into the floor.

Jack's hand slid across her back as he moved into position. Within three minutes, all of the striped balls were sunk and the only ball left was the white ball, one of her solid balls and the eight ball.

Rachel swallowed painfully, seeing what he was about to do and she panicked. Never had she ever been so bold but this was a competition and she hadn't ever been someone who was willing to lose. So instead of standing beside the table with her mouth hanging open like she'd been doing for the past several minutes, she did something she'd never done before. Leaning over the pool table, she pretended to examine the angle of his shot. She also knew that her silk blouse would billow ever so slightly. She didn't think that she was giving him any intimate view, but she knew the moment he glanced up that her tactic had worked. She would have smirked with success, but she was caught in the heat of his gaze. She didn't even know that he'd hit the ball, unaware of how the ball scratched, bouncing into the corner pocket. All she knew was that Jack was looking at her with a heat so hot in his eyes that her heart started racing, her face heated up and every cell in her body caught fire from his look.

"I'm sorry," she said, not sure if she was apologizing for him missing his shot or the teasing.

Emerson tossed his pool stick down on the table, abandoning the game and walked over to her. With a swift move, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her, one hand diving into her hair to hold her head where he wanted it, and the other arm wrapping around her waist, pulling her against his hard body. "No you're not," he came back a moment before his mouth covered hers.

Rachel was so lost, she couldn't even tell if she was standing or sitting. Maybe even lying down, but she didn't care. At this point, the only thing that mattered was Jack's hands on her, his mouth teasing hers and his body that was so incredible. Had it only been a few hours since the last time he kissed her? Impossible. Her body instantly knew exactly what to expect. What to demand!

Emerson couldn't believe how much he wanted this woman. Taking her hand, he pulled her out of the back room, slapped a hundred dollar bill on Dennis' bar and continued out the door. When they were standing in the cooler night air, he pulled her into his arms once again, feeling her body wrap around his as much as she could. She was like some sort of fantasy that he couldn't get enough of and he wanted to devour her.

Lifting his head once more, he noticed the mirrored heat in her eyes. "Not here," he growled and pulled her to his truck. Lifting her up, he placed her carefully on the seat of the old truck but didn't stop there. He couldn't. His fingers had felt that soft bottom and she was finally at his own height, much easier to kiss and he didn't hesitate in any way.

Rachel couldn't catch her breath! And if she were able to think, she probably wouldn't care. She just wanted Jack to continue to touch her. His hands had lifted her onto the seat of his truck but then lingered. She shivered as his hands smoothed down her legs, lifting them higher and then she jerked when his hands slid underneath her skirt, moving upwards very slowly. She didn't want slow! She wanted him to rip her clothes off and make love to her. Never had she wanted anything like this before but if he didn't move faster, she might just scream out her frustration!

He started to pull away but she grabbed his shoulders, unaware that her eyes were wild with need. "Please don't stop," she gasped.

He groaned and bent low to kiss her. "We can't do this here, Rachel. Give me five minutes and we'll be back at my place," he told her urgently, then bent to kiss her again, just to muddle her mind a bit more.

When he pulled away this time, he gently placed her legs so they were forward in the truck then slammed the door, walking quickly around to the driver's side.

Rachel watched him, her mind whirling with all the crazy things that popped into her head. Now that he wasn't kissing her or touching her, she could think more clearly and she accepted that she wanted this man. He was somehow different from anyone she'd ever met before. And shockingly, even though she'd met him only earlier today, she was going to go through with this. She'd always thought she'd be in a long term relationship, not necessarily marriage but in love with someone, before she took this monumental step. But no one had ever affected her like Jack did. And she was being daring this weekend. She was stepping out of her comfort zone and doing things that she wouldn't have dared last year. This was it, she thought as he slid into the driver's seat. Yes, she was going to make love with Jack. And it was going to be fabulous.

"Are you sure about this?" he asked, pulling her across the cracked leather seat, right back into his arms. "I want you, Rachel, but I want you to be sure."

She snuggled up against him, her hand reaching out to caress the roughness of his cheek and smiled. "I'm very sure," she said. It wasn't love, she accepted. It was desire and it was intoxicating. And for the first time in her life, she understood why other women had sexual flings. She was about to venture into her first and it was with a man who fascinated her beyond words. "Take me away from here, Jack."

Jack would have corrected her about his name if she hadn't slipped her hand into his shirt and driven him crazy with need. Those soft, seductive fingers, moving across his chest made his body harden to a painful state. He thought about pulling her hands away so he could focus on driving, but he was loathe to lose her touch for even a moment.

He started the engine, vaguely wondering if it was the car purring or himself. Shifting into gear, he tore out of the parking lot. Thankfully, it was only a five minute drive and he was turning into the back driveway to his house.

"You're taking me to that cute cottage, aren't you?" she asked, smiling with eagerness. "From the first moment I saw it, I was wondering what would be inside."

He thought about laughing but restrained himself. He had a massive house with all the latest technology and grand views of the ocean but this woman wanted to see the tiny cottage he was refurbishing? Priceless!

"The cottage it is," he told her. Again, he thought about telling her who he was, but again, her hand moved. Onto his thigh! Damn! He wanted to bury himself inside of her and make her as crazy as she was making him.

"Come on, woman," he growled as he slammed the car into park. He didn't wait for her to step down, lifting her into his arms and carrying her into the cottage. There wasn't much inside yet, but thankfully there was a comfortable bed with a quilt that his housekeeper had sewn. She'd even insisted on several pillows, all of which he shoved off of the bed after placing Rachel in the center.

"Now that we're alone," he said and leaned over her, holding himself separate with his arms braced on each side of her.

Rachel didn't want to wait. She was finished waiting and now was a time for action. Her fingers weren't very adept, but they finally got his shirt undone and her hands smoothed over his skin that, just this morning she'd been desperate to touch and explore. Now, she gave her hands the freedom to go wherever they wanted, smoothing over all those magnificent muscles, learning all of their dips and ridges.

She vaguely felt him pulling and tugging at her own clothes, but she hadn't realized how efficient he was until he lowered his head to kiss her breast, his lips skimming across the lace of her bra and she cried out, arching upwards so that he would do more than just skim. But then his hand cupped her breast and it still wasn't enough. "More," she begged. "Please!"

Emerson watched with fascination as her nipple pebbled in the dim light of the moon coming through the windows. He thought about turning on the light beside the bed, but didn't want to take a moment away from her.

Rachel's hands gripped his waist when his mouth nuzzled the lace away from her breast. When his mouth actually captured her already pert nipple, she gasped and tried to wiggle away, the heat too much for her, but Jack wasn't going to allow that. He did smile though and moved to the other nipple, giving it the same treatment. And Rachel realized that being without his mouth there was strangely worse than being without it. "This is crazy," she gasped when he gently bit then soothed the tender flesh with his tongue. "Please don't stop."

"I doubt an earthquake could stop me now," he laughed, a deep husky sound that reverberated throughout her body.

His hands had already dispensed with her skirt but deftly removed her lace underwear, leaving on the thigh high stockings.

"I love these," he told her, nuzzling the lace there on her upper thigh. If I'd know you were wearing these earlier today, I never would have let you get into the car."

She couldn't help but laugh, trying to breathe deeply. "I hate pantyhose," she whispered, bracing herself for whatever he might do next.

"I approve of your distaste," he came right back and her underwear was suddenly gone, his fingers smoothing over her skin. "You're like silk." His fingers teased and tortured. "I'd like to see all of you, Rachel."

"No, just..."

He laughed, holding her hips in place. "I guess I phrased that incorrectly." With a firm hand, he moved between her knees, spreading her legs so he had unhindered access to his goal. "I should have said, I will see all of you."

"No," she whispered again, still trying to squirm away from him but then his fingers touched her there! And she was no longer squirming away. Her body froze, experiencing a man's touch for the first time. When she felt it again, she unconsciously moved closer, giving him better access. "Oh," was all she could say.

Emerson wanted to laugh at her reaction, but he was in too much pain and he was too fascinated to stop. He wanted this woman. All of her! And with that in mind, he bent his head, his mouth covering her core and she sat up, gasping with the newest sensation. "Jack!" she cried out.

He was relentless and wouldn't let her get away from him. From this position, her head was shaking and she gripped his hair, but he still wouldn't relent. Then he slipped a finger inside of her and she couldn't stop the insanity. She fell back against the mattress and screamed out as her body seemed to explode into a world of pleasure so intense, she thought she might have passed out.

She'd barely gotten her breathing back under control when his mouth latched onto her breast. "No!" she gasped out, trying to push his head away but he wouldn't let her. "I can't!" she begged.

"You can," he laughed softly, his body moving into place and he gathered her close. After putting on protection, he pushed himself gently inside of her heat. He clenched his eyes closed as he shifted his weight. "You're so tight!" he groaned. When he pushed his way into her heat, he felt her flinch and froze, realizing what her reaction meant. "Rachel?" he asked, looking at her with confusion but he could barely see her features in the darkness. "Rachel, tell me you aren't a virgin!"

Rachel shifted, taking him even deeper into her body and she gasped as she felt a fullness that wasn't quite comfortable. She ran her hands down his arms, moving her body ever so slightly to try and get comfortable but it didn't work. "I'm not a virgin," she said honestly.

He pressed his body down against hers, trapping her so she had to be still. "Rachel, you know what I'm asking you."

She smiled up into his eyes. She couldn't see them clearly with the dim light, but she could feel the exertion he was enduring as he tried to remain still for her. "I've never felt like this before. So please don't feel guilty. And I'm sorry I didn't tell you before this moment, but I didn't really have a chance," she pointed out.

He sighed, leaning his forehead against hers. "I guess you have a point."

"And if your current point is to drive me crazy, I think you've accomplished your goal," she teased. "Don't you want to finish?"

He lifted his head and tried to see her eyes. "You think I'm the only one not finished?" He laughed when her body started shivering with the strain. "Oh, no, my beauty," he groaned, lifting himself up onto his elbows. "You are coming right along with me," he told her.

When he shifted his weight, he gritted his teeth as her wet heat surrounded him, clenching him like a glove. Moving ever so slightly, he waited for her reaction, listening to ensure that she was being pleasured. And when he heard her gasp, felt her body clench around his, he knew that she wasn't going to hold back on him.

He tried to slow down, to make it good for her. But she just felt so good! "Come with me, Rachel!" he growled out when he felt himself getting closer. She shook her head but he wouldn't let her do that. Reaching down, he pressed his thumb between their bodies, feeling her reaction and knew that she liked that. "That's it," he coaxed, watching her face as he glided in and out of her, his thumb moving in the same rhythm. "You're beautiful." He couldn't stop the words, thinking she was stunning as she tried to fight the inevitable. He could feel her body tightening, see her worried eyes and tried to soothe her, but he was too caught up in trying to ensure that she feel everything he was enjoying. "Just let it go," he soothed. "I'm right here. I won't let you fall."

With those words of reassurance, he felt her nails dig into his arms and she exploded one more time. Her throbbing, squeezing release brought him right over the edge as well and he couldn't control himself, couldn't hold back any longer. She was just too incredible!

He collapsed on top of her, but had the presence of mind to roll off to the side while they both tried to get their breathing back under control. She felt perfect curled up in his arms, her body relaxed and warm, tingly.

"Is it always like that?" she said in between breaths.

"Hell no," he groaned, trying to squeeze her but there wasn't enough energy in his arms for that. Rolling over, he pushed her into the mattress, trying to be careful with her. "No. It hasn't ever been that intense," he told her honestly. He bent and kissed her neck and shoulders, trying to soothe her. "You're beautiful," he told her again.

She giggled, a combined reaction from his words and his mouth nibbling on her shoulder. "You said that a few minutes ago."

He sighed and pulled her closer. "It's true," he told her. He pulled himself up higher in the bed, stuffing the pillows behind his head. With one arm, he turned on the light and looked down at her. "Okay, so explain now how someone who looks and walks like you has remained a virgin until a few minutes ago."

Rachel almost laughed at how he lifted her up, positioning her exactly how he wanted her to be. She didn't mind since it felt too good to be curled up next to him. Her hand wandered over his flat stomach, still finding all those muscles and enormous expanse of tanned skin fascinating. "I guess I never really thought it was worth the effort."

"And now?"

She grinned and looked up at him. "I thought I'd made my opinion of the activity pretty clear," she laughed.

He laughed as well, the sound reverberating through her whole body, making her feel special and feminine.

"You're going to have to give me more of an explanation."

She shrugged and shifted against him. "It isn't that big of a deal," she replied, but couldn't look him in the eye. "I just never really thought any of the previous men I'd dated were worth the effort."

"And I fit your criteria?"

She bit her lower lip, wishing he fit all of her criteria. She couldn't help it. They were from two different worlds and had different goals in life. "I'm here, aren't I?" she asked, her hand shifting lower to distract him.

Emerson suspected that she was holding something back, but he wasn't really sure what. And at the moment, he didn't care. He rolled over so he was on top of her again and proceeded to make love to her in a much slower, more thorough fashion. By the time he was ready to enter her slender, responsive body this time, he was damn sure he knew what was on her mind. And he was in full agreement with her thoughts.

Chapter 3

Rachel sighed as she stared at her computer screen. The week had completely flown by and she'd been so productive, her boss had even pointed out her achievements at the morning staff meeting.

She wished she could figure out what was different but the only thing that had changed was Jack. They'd spent the whole weekend together. It had been magical. They'd eaten out at the various local restaurants, walked along the shoreline and she'd learned a lot about the man. She'd asked so many questions about his ambitions and thought he was amazing.

But now, she wasn't sure what to think. She was back in Washington, D.C., working hard, getting things done....and all she wanted to do was fly back up to Maine and be with Jack again.

"Congratulations on that CyberOne bid," one of her co-workers said with his head inside the doorway. "What made you think to recommend that one to your clients?" he asked, stepping in so he was leaning against the doorjamb.

Rachel considered carefully how to answer the man. She'd never been friends with him, nor any of her co-workers. There was simply too much competition among her peers for there to be any real camaraderie. She had Nikki and Brianna and they were the only friends she truly needed. They were so close, they were more like sisters.

Besides, she wasn't really sure why she'd recommended that particular company anyway. She'd read an article about it on the flight back from Maine last Sunday night. The company had struck her as a good idea. When she'd looked into it on Monday, she suspected that the company stock was lower than it should be. She'd convinced several of her clients to get on board and, miraculously, Tuesday afternoon, CyberOne announced a new cell phone. The stock had doubled in less than four hours!

"Just pure, dumb luck," she finally said. She'd replied with a smile but it was actually the truth. The guy left after that, realizing that he wasn't going to get any good tips from her and left her sitting in her small office with confusion.

Was Jack the magic pill that had given her such a wonderful week? She'd been unperturbed by the daily chaos around her from the other brokers and just excited about each day - energized to find new companies. And she'd found several, although none with the same dramatic effect as CyberOne. But the most astounding part was that she was relaxed! Before her weekend with Jack, she was never relaxed. Some weeks she lived off of antacids because she was so nervous about her suggestions to her clients.

It had to be Jack. Or maybe her success had nothing to do with him and everything to do with how much she still wanted to see him.

"Overnight delivery for you Rachel," the receptionist said, handing Rachel a cardboard envelope.

Rachel took it warily since she wasn't expecting anything. Pulling the strap, she opened the cardboard and peered inside. It didn't even have a letter, just a smaller piece of paper at the bottom. She pulled it out and looked at the information, then her smile widened, her shoulders relaxed and she almost bounced in her seat from excitement. Jack had sent her a plane ticket! It was round trip for tomorrow night, returning Sunday evening.

She picked up her cell phone and texted him, feeling free and happier than she had all week. "Got the ticket, see you tomorrow night!" was all she said.

She then sent off another message to Nikki and Brianna. "Lunch? Need to talk with both of you."

She'd barely put down her phone when two more dings came back. "Usual place?"

Rachel smiled, truly grateful for having these two women in her life. "Absolutely!" she laughed as she pressed the send button. Nikki and Brianna had been orphaned when they were young and placed in the same foster home. They'd bonded because of the horrific experience so when they'd arrived at school, it was as if Rachel understood their fears. From the day Nikki had bended the three of them together until now, they had been the best of friends.

When eleven-thirty rolled around, she grabbed her purse and rushed out of the office. She couldn't wait to tell her friends about her weekend. She'd held off until now because she hadn't thought it was real. It had been just a weekend fling, something she could smile back on and think about with fond memories.

But with the ticket for this weekend, she was excited and couldn't wait to tell her friends all about Jack and how wonderful he was.

Outside, the heat was almost unbearable but she was practically skipping down the street. It was only a few blocks to their normal lunch hangout. She was the first one there and got everyone's lunches ready, holding the three hot dogs in her hands.

"You shouldn't be buying all of us lunch!" Nikki exclaimed as soon as she walked up behind Rachel. Nikki could only be described as a ball of energy. Her brown curls danced around her face and shoulders, never still. And her mind was always working, always spinning and creating new ideas about whatever was going on in her life. She was fearless and Rachel worried that she was going to get herself into trouble with that kind of fearlessness.

Nikki took one of the hot dogs and gave Rachel a big hug. "You look amazing," she said, backing up a step. They headed over to one of the park's picnic tables, the only one that had a bit of shade from a large tree.

The third woman in their group walked up a moment later, giving Rachel and Nikki a quick hug. While Nikki was all energy and laughter, Brianna was the essence of kindness. There was an aura of tranquility surrounding Brianna that Rachel wished she could emulate. Brianna also had brown hair, but hers was a softer kind of style.

"Whew! Hot day today, huh?" Brianna asked, sitting down on the rough wood and handing everyone a cold bottle of water. She glanced over at Rachel, her eyebrows going up high on her forehead. "What happened to you?" she teased. "You're practically glowing!"

"I just thought the same thing," Nikki commented as she took a bite of her hot dog.

Rachel laughed, feeling light and carefree despite the oppressive heat and humidity. "I met a guy last weekend," she said, then waited for their reactions, worried now because she hadn't told them immediately.

"What?" they both screeched in unison.

Nikki was the first to get over her surprise. "I thought you were going up to Maine to meet The Ogre!"

"Who is this guy?" Brianna demanded, worried for her friend.

This was the part that Rachel was wary of explaining. But she'd never hidden anything from these two friends before so she wasn't going to start now. "He's a handyman that works on Watson's grounds."

Rachel was looking down at her hotdog so she didn't see Nikki and Brianna's glance. "Is he nice?" Brianna asked gently.

Rachel smiled at her memories of the man. "He's very nice."^^

Nikki snorted. "Any man who can put that look of happiness on your face is more than nice," she stated firmly. "So spill it. Give us details."

Rachel was hesitant at first, but after a moment, she couldn't keep her weekend to herself. "He's really quite nice," she said. "And absolutely gorgeous! And charming and knows about all the local hangouts. It seems like everyone knows him and he's friends with anyone he comes into contact with."

"Yeah, yeah," Nikki said dismissively. "But what did he do to make you glow like that?" she asked.

Rachel blushed and took a long drag from her water, trying to figure out how to explain.

"You had sex with him!" Brianna gasped, her mouth falling open in shock and excitement. "Was it wonderful? Was he good? You never date guys like you've just described so he must have been incredible! Tell us!" she demanded, scooting closer.

Rachel couldn't stop the laugh that burst out of her. "Yes. He was...is...wonderful. And yes," she blushed again, "I had sex with him."

Brianna was frowning as she listened. Always the most cautious and protective, she said, "I don't think I like him anymore. He sounds too forward."

Rachel didn't want Brianna to think that of Jack. "Actually, it might have been the other way around. He was just kissing me," she finally said, her fingers picking away at the bun of her half-eaten hotdog. "I was the one who..." she bit her lip, not sure how to explain. "Well, I sort of..." she shrugged her shoulders and looked at her two friends, unable to say anymore. "He's very nice," she finally finished, feeling that the description was completely inadequate to what she felt for Jack. "He makes me feel special."

Nikki and Brianna both looked at each other, then a smile slowly grew on each of their faces. "Well, finally!" Nikki said, taking a huge bite of her hotdog. "We thought you'd never stop dating those boring, intellectual dweebs," she explained.

Nikki nodded in agreement, her brown curls bouncing around her beautiful face. "I agree. It's about time that you realized that tedious intellectuals aren't what you're looking for."

Rachel's hand froze. "I'm not going to marry Jack," she asserted strongly. "I'm just..." she waved her hotdog in the air, "having a fling. Enjoying myself."

Nikki rolled her eyes as she nodded. "Sure you are," she said with a disbelieving tone.

Brianna held up her hand and Nikki high-fived her. "Just a fling," Brianna repeated, finishing off her hotdog and taking Rachel's now that she'd abandoned it. "Sure. Keep on telling yourself that."

Rachel thought about their words, worried now that she'd given them the wrong impression. Had she expressed something about Jack that simply wasn't true? While they discussed Brianna's latest story on the wedding of a senator's daughter, Rachel thought back to all that she'd said. Nothing had been a lie, but perhaps she'd gushed a bit too much about Jack.

"I've got to get back to my classroom," Nikki said when she glanced down at her watch. "Bri, don't let those other reporters make you feel bad. You're stories are just as important as their descriptions of war and heartbreak. Your stories give us a lift, a glimpse at happiness. You're very good at what you do. Don't take it, okay?" she urged.

Rachel gave Brianna a hug. "She's right. I specifically go to your stories and read them first every time."

Brianna's soft, blue eyes smiled at these wonderful women. "That's only because you're my friend. If you didn't know me," she said, looking slightly defeated, "you wouldn't even know what I write about."

"Not true," Rachel asserted. "You bring this dull, conservative city to life. Don't put your writing down."

As they all departed, going in opposite directions, Rachel worried about Brianna. She really was a good writer and journalist. So why was she so irritated by the other reporters in the newsroom? Sure they might tease her for her fluff pieces, but that had never bothered Bri before. What's happening now to change that?

As soon as she walked through the doors of her office, she was swamped with details that flew at her from every angle and she didn't have much time to worry about Brianna right now. The rest of the afternoon and the rest of the day flew by. When it was finally time to catch her flight, she raced out of the office, sprinting to her car so she could get to the airport. It wasn't even as if she were late. She was just too eager to see Jack again this weekend.

Her phone pinged and she lifted it up, smiling as she read the text. "Go get him!" from Nikki. She was about to text Nikki back when her phone pinged again. "So you're missing our weekly run again? Slacker!" from Brianna but with a smiley face at the end. Bri was referring to their Saturday morning run along the Potomac River. There was a pathway that meandered along the banks of the Potomac, through the few sets of wooded area still left in the Washington, D.C. area and along grassy expanses that would later fill up with soccer games and picnickers. In the spring and fall, the path was packed with other runners but it was an easier run in the summer and winter when the temperatures weren't as idyllic.

She laughed as she hurried through the airport, texting back, "I'll get my exercise!" and laughed at her joke.

A moment later, the reply came back, "We know you will!" from both of them and she laughed out loud at their implication. And hers!

"I meant that we'd be walking along the coastline!" she texted back to both of them since Bri had included Nikki in the message trail.

"Sure you will!" both of them replied back almost simultaneously.

Standing at the gate, she shifted from foot to foot, trying to hurry up the boarding process. She wanted to be on her way as quickly as possible!

When she glanced down at her seating assignment, she was shocked to find that she was in first class. "Excuse me," she said to one of the flight attendants, "I think this is a mistake."

The flight attendant smiled and looked at the ticket, then at her flight manifest. "Ms. Carson?" At Rachel's nod, the woman shook her head. "No mistake. You're seated right here in the first row," she explained. "Can I get you anything to drink?" she asked politely.

Rachel was flabbergasted. First class? Jack didn't have the money to spend on a first class ticket! Or maybe she just got a bump up? Yes, that had to be the issue. Jack didn't strike her as the kind of man who would waste his money on frivolous expenses. It must have just been an upgrade. She settled back in the wide, comfortable chair, feeling a bit like a fraud but also grateful to not be stuffed back in the coach area. She wasn't a big fan of flying, especially the takeoff and landing, but this was definitely nicer than she was expecting.

When the plane landed, Rachel just about ran down the ramp, eager to see Jack, not feeling her usual panic as the plane touched back down to earth because of her excitement. And when she exited the restricted area, she saw him and just about flew into his arms.

"Hi beautiful," he said, chuckling even while his arms wrapped around her, lifting her up against him. "You feel incredible," he growled, setting her on her feet and bending low to kiss her.

When he lifted his head, she smiled up at him. "Thank you for sending me the ticket. I was starting to become pathetically depressed when it arrived. It brightened up my entire day, gave me something exciting to look forward to!"

He laughed again, grabbing her hand and her carryon bag. "I have no idea why you bothered to pack anything," he said as he pulled her out of the airport. "I intend to keep you naked until you have to fly back on Sunday night."

She laughed, but wasn't completely opposed to the idea. "Sounds perfect," she said, then felt the blush immediately stain her cheeks.

Emerson looked down at her, surprised by her daring response. When he saw the shocked look on her face, he threw back his head and laughed, pulling her close and kissing her senseless, completely ignoring the other passengers rushing around them as they hurried to catch their flight.

In the end, he didn't keep her naked the whole weekend - just a great deal of it. They left the cottage to eat and actually got some exercise by going out in his small sailboat. He taught her how to throw in cages to trap lobsters, how to steer the boat and how to gauge the wind to get to their destination. Initially, she was opposed to catching the sea creatures, but when he hauled one of them up out of the cold ocean water, it looked pretty scary. At least he didn't make her stuff them into the boiling water. They had lobster with lots of garlic butter, a delicious white wine and some sort of fried bread rolls that Molly delivered to them.

She loved learning to sail but hadn't brought the right clothes to be out on the ocean. The weather might be warm on land, but with the air blowing over the northern, colder ocean water, it was significantly colder than she was used to. Jack wrapped her up in one of his windbreakers but it was much better when he simply wrapped his arms around her, keeping her warm that way.

When Sunday afternoon rolled around, she felt her depression coming back but fought it, not wanting to ruin their last few hours together by being sad about leaving.

Despite her efforts to hide it, he could sense that she was feeling somber. "What's wrong?" he asked as he pulled her into his arms that afternoon. They were sitting on a small stretch of rocky beach having a picnic. Jack was leaning against a big, flat rock while Rachel was leaning against Jack's equally hard chest, sitting between his legs and feeling more at home than she had in a long time.

"I have to leave for Washington, D.C. soon," she finally explained, trying to hide her sadness at the idea.

He heard it anyway and turned her head so that he could see her face. "You could stay here."

Rachel laughed at the absurdity of that suggestion. "I can't quit my job."

He sighed and hugged her gently. "You hate your job, Rachel."

She stiffened, not liking where this conversation was going. "Who says I hate my job? It's a good job." She stood up and started packing away their picnic. He grabbed her from behind and toppled her over, pinning her to the ground. "Rachel, it might be a good job, but you don't like it. And when you realize that, then you'll be a much happier person."

She tried to shove him off of her, but he was too big and too strong and none of her efforts got him to budget. She was angry that he would dare to assert something that he knew nothing about. They'd never discussed her job other than in reference to meeting Emerson Watson. How could he know anything about her job satisfaction?! "You're wrong. I'm fine with my job. It's just stressful and I'm at the bottom of the totem pole. So people boss me around all the time. Once I figure out how to get a promotion, or even better, find that stupid Emerson Watson," she grumbled, looking off to the left so she wouldn't have to look at him, or more specifically, so he wouldn't be able to see the truth in her eyes, "then things will change."

Jack was so frustrated that she would continue to genuinely believe that trash that he wouldn't relent. "You think one man can change your life that much?" he demanded.

She didn't like the way he was asking that question. Or more specifically, she didn't like the implication that she was putting her happiness in another human being's hands. Deep down, she knew that she should find her own happiness but she'd gotten this far, putting herself through school, learning the business, pushing herself harder and longer than anyone else in her office. But Emerson Watson was the key to her getting to the top. She just had to find him! "I don't think a man can change my life. That's up to me. Which is why I've got to find him and convince him to let me be his intern. I'm not going to be in my position forever."

He relented and let her up, picking up the blanket so he could shake out the sand and fold it up. "I think you're making a mistake," he told her with the facade of being calm. But underneath, he was furious and not sure how to get her to recognize how miserable she truly was in that job.

She stuffed the picnic basket with the leftover food, irritated and feeling more depressed than before. "I hear you loud and clear."

An hour later, he wouldn't let her get onto the plane until she kissed him. She was still angry with him for trying to tell her that she didn't like her job, so she didn't want to even touch him, but in the end, she also couldn't leave him without a goodbye kiss. "Thank you for another wonderful weekend," she said, laying her head on his broad, muscular chest, aching inside at the idea that this was probably the last time she would see him.

He wrapped his arms around her as well, laying his head on top of hers. "Thanks for coming up again."

She stood there, hoping that he would tell her to come up the following weekend. But when he stood there silently, she had to accept that he probably had things to do and needed some time alone on the weekend. "Okay, well, I'd better hurry to catch my flight," she said, wishing he would say something, anything besides goodbye.

"Be safe, Rachel," he finally said, his hand coming up to touch her cheek. "And think about what I said."

That definitely wasn't what she was hoping to hear. So she stomped through the security gate, irritated beyond belief at how arrogant and wrong he was. What did he know about investing? He was just a handyman! Okay, so he was an extremely good handyman, she thought, thinking of all the work he'd accomplished on the cottage just in the past five days. He'd finished painting both the inside and outside so now it was a bright, sunny yellow color with soft, blue shutters and trim. The windows had been fixed so they opened up to allow the night air to come through. He'd finished the plumbing so they could even have coffee there instead of having to hurry out in the morning to a coffee shop. And what was more, he'd found other soft touches to add to the interior such as a beautiful bouquet of wildflowers in the middle of the small table.

She ignored the texts from Nikki and Brianna, too miserable to even reply. As the plane flew south, she refused to allow the tears to fall. She would not even acknowledge that the affair was over. It hadn't even begun. She'd had a weekend fling that had turned into two weekends. She'd get over him!

As the week wore on, she was so depressed and irritated that she snapped at several of her co-workers. She thought she'd found several good companies to research, but the more she looked into them, she discovered they weren't such a good choice after all.

And what was worse, she hadn't heard from Jack all week! Not a call, not a text and definitely no special delivery of a plane ticket. She contemplated buying her own ticket and heading up there. She was still trying to find Emerson Watson, after all. So she could go up there, try to track down the man just like she had that first weekend. But in the end, she didn't do any of it. Nor did she call Jack or text him in any way. She was feeling strange, as if he didn't want to have anything to do with her. She was trying to respect that, but it still hurt. A lot.

So when her door buzzed Friday evening, she was standing in her kitchen, holding a quart sized container of cherry vanilla ice cream and a spoon, trying to drown her sorrows with the creamy confection. She'd even found a six pack of Alagash White beer at a specialty store, but tonight was a merlot night.

The only two people that would show up at her apartment door unannounced were Nikki and Brianna. As she carried the ice cream over to the doorway, she tried to feel better, knowing that her friends would know how to cheer her up.

"I'm sorry I haven't..." she stopped mid-sentence when her eyes took in the enormous, magnificent form of Jack standing in her doorway. His eyes went from her head down her body and stopped on the ice cream in her hands.

"Miss me?" he asked with a growing smile.

He didn't wait for an answer. Instead, he simply stepped into her apartment and took her into his arms. "You smell incredible," he told her, taking the ice cream and spoon out of her hands and setting it on the counter.

By the time she remembered to put it back in the freezer several hours later, it was a melted mess. But she dumped it into the garbage with a smile on her face.

They spent the weekend touring around the Washington, D.C. area and Rachel couldn't believe how happy she was to just be in his company. When she stopped to think about it, that reality worried her but she couldn't stop this bubble of happiness just being around him.

She took him to her favorite place, the zoo, and introduced him to the various animals. She loved the seals and walruses the most, loved the rock "theatre" they'd built so the guests could sit down and watch the antics of the fascinating animals. But she showed him all the wonderful animals. They ate popcorn and laughed at the monkeys and gorillas, and enjoyed ice cream while observing the lions and tigers. Then they went back to her apartment and spent the rest of the afternoon and evening in bed, making love until Sunday morning arrived.

"I have to leave early today," he told her as his hand smoothed up and down her arm.

She didn't like the sound of that. "Why can't you stay through this afternoon?" she asked, leaning back so she could see his face.

"I have to meet some people."

"New jobs?" she asked, excited for him. She knew from experience that the construction business was slow at times; a construction worker always had to be on the lookout for another job.

"In a way," he said. He thought about admitting who he was, but he'd been enjoying her company too much. And she accepted him as just Jack. Talked to him, laughed with him and made love to him as Jack. Not as someone who could further her career.

"Come back with me. I saw the look on your face when you answered the door Friday night and you hated the idea of going back to work last Monday. Admit it, Rachel," he coaxed gently. "You're not happy."

She pulled out of his arms, biting her lip to keep herself from agreeing with him. He was right. The idea of going back to the office tomorrow morning actually made her stomach feel a little sick. But she'd come this far. She could make it all the way. She just had to work harder, be smarter. "I can't," she told him firmly.

He watched her step into the shower, feeling frustrated that she was being so obstinate. Following right behind her, he stepped into the water with her, taking the shampoo out of her hands to wash her hair for her. "Could you at least explain why you're wasting your life doing something you hate?"

"Can't we just leave it alone?" she begged, fighting back the tears? His hands felt so good and she loved being in his company. Probably too much, she thought. This relationship couldn't go anywhere. Why was she prolonging her time with him when she should be focusing on her goals?

She rinsed her hair quickly, stepping out of the shower. She needed space to discuss this. Being close to Jack only made her mind turn to mush. Stepping out of the shower, she dried off while he finished showering, looking at herself in the mirror. So what if she looked miserable? It wasn't because she hated her job. It was because....well, it was because....

She slipped her arms into her robe, spinning around to glare at him. "What do you know about what I need in life?"

He grabbed one of her fluffy towels, drying off as well, before following her out of the bathroom. Pulling on his jeans that had been laying over the chair of her dressing table, he wouldn't relent on his argument. "I know that you're miserable. And if you keep this up, you're going to die a slow, cheerless death. I know that you'd be much better off with me!"

She was shaking with the effort to keep herself from screaming at him. "You don't know what I need!" she said furiously.

"So explain it to me!" he shot right back at her, not letting her get away with these vague innuendoes about her life any longer.

"You want me to simply quit my job and come up to Maine, be a carpenter's wife?" She snorted with derision. "I won't do that! I won't put my family through that!"

"You mean you don't trust me to have enough money to take care of us, is that it?" he asked, stunned by her perception of him.

She realized how insulting she sounded, but she couldn't help it. She'd lived through that life once before and she couldn't do it again. "I know you're very popular around Cape Elizabeth, and people probably beg you to work for them. But I'm sorry, Jack. I simply can't live paycheck to paycheck. I won't. I did it growing up so I know how wretched that kind of a life can be. There were too many weeks when there wasn't a paycheck." She turned her back on him, too embarrassed by her past to let him see how much it all bothered her. "There were nights when we didn't have dinner because there wasn't any money to buy food. Then there were the nights when we might have had dinner if we'd been able to get into town to reach one of the church centers that gave out free meals, but there wasn't any money to put gas into the car to drive there or the car was broken down without any funds to buy parts to fix it." She shook her head, her shoulders drooping as she remembered the hardship she'd gone through as a child. "I can't do that. I think I'm...." she started to say that she was in love with him, but stopped herself just in time. "I care for you very deeply," she finally said. "But I can't just drop everything I have here and move to Maine with you. I want a family. I want children."

"So do I," he countered, finally understanding what she was shooting for. And why. "So you were poor as a kid. That doesn't mean that you have to continue to do a job that you don't like."

She crossed her arms over her chest. "I am good at this job. It will provide food for my children."

He wasn't going to let her get away with that. "I can provide food for our kids."

Her heart practically leapt out of her chest at his words. He wanted to marry her? She felt the wrenching pain at the loss she was about to deal with. "I'm sorry, Jack. I just can't do it. I can't give up the security of money to live in the wilds of Maine with you. No matter how I feel for you."

He glared at her. Again, he thought about telling her who he was but he didn't want her on those terms. "You don't trust me."

She took a deep breath. "I won't rely on a man to provide for me or my children," she asserted firmly. "My mother gave up her life, gave up her work so she could stay home and take care of us. Then things got bad and my father lost his job. He tried to make it on contract work, but that was sporadic and, like I said, there wasn't always enough for even the bare necessities. Some months were fine, but others were..." she shook her head, not finishing the sentence. "Well, suffice it to say that I won't put that burden on my children. They will always have food to eat. They will always have a house to come home to. Quitting my job with no prospects up in Maine means that I'm giving up that security. And I won't do it."

She couldn't look at him, afraid that if she did, she would burst into tears and give in. She couldn't give in though. She still sent money home to her parents all the time because work was so hard to find. She'd tried to get her father to move to the city where painting jobs might be easier to find but both her parents refused, wanting to stay in the country where things were simpler and life wasn't as busy.

She turned away from him, feeling his anger. She heard him move, assumed he was putting his shirt on and packing his bag. She didn't want him to leave. She didn't want him to disappear from her life.

"If you change your mind..."

She took a deep breath, hearing the sadness as her lungs filled up with air that felt compressed, almost poisoned somehow. "Unless you can figure out a way that our two worlds could work together, I won't change my mind," she stated firmly, not wanting to give him any reason to believe she would. Because she might! She could see herself calling to him right now and begging him to ignore everything she'd just said, to take her into his arms and tell her how they could make it work.

But they couldn't! They were from different worlds. They wanted different things from life. She wanted power and wealth, he wanted simplicity. Those two worlds were too far apart to be meshed. She knew it was one or the other. And no matter how much fun she'd had with him at his small cottage, she couldn't simply ignore the problems of the future. What if they had children? Where would the kids sleep? He could build an addition, but would they have the money for that? Would they really be able to save enough to build on? What happens when another economic downturn happened? It wasn't a matter of if, it was a matter of when since the economy goes up and down on roughly a twenty year cycle.

She heard the door to her apartment click closed and she crumbled to the floor, sobbing out her heartache and confusion. She loved him! Couldn't they make it work? Maybe she could work here in Washington, D.C. during the week and fly back up to Maine each weekend. It would be expensive, but what would it be like living without Jack?

But then what happens if she got pregnant? She wouldn't be able to travel every weekend.

She cried for the next hour, trying to figure out different ways to make a relationship with Jack work but she couldn't come up with any answers.

Perhaps it was best if they just left things the way they were, finished. She could get over him.

Couldn't she?

She tried very hard to put him out of her mind that afternoon. But she couldn't seem to stop crying. She went to the grocery store to stock up on the basics, but she found herself standing in front of the milk case, leaning her forehead against the glass to hide her tears from the other customers. When she went to the post office to get more stamps, someone had to tap her on the shoulder because she'd forgotten what she was doing there.

And when she finally slumped into her apartment, she couldn't stop the tears from rolling down her cheeks any longer. She'd lost him, she thought despondently. She'd lost him because she was a fool and she couldn't figure out how to stop herself from being so ridiculous and needing something that may or may not make her happy! And all the while, she knew that Jack made her happy on so many levels but she'd just kicked him out of her life.

Chapter 4

Rachel didn't notice the hush surrounding her. The noise might have dissipated, but she was too wrapped up in the misery of her breakup with Jack. She'd even ignored phone calls and texts from Nikki and Brianna, unable to explain how stupid she'd been. She'd told them she was fine, but other than that, she'd kept to herself for the last twenty-four hours, unable to talk to anyone.

She should just go back to him, she told herself sternly as she stared miserably at her computer monitor. She was in love with him! Why would she even think about not being with him? He made her feel happy and she cherished every moment with him.

But then her childhood memories surged back to life. She'd hated growing up so far out in the country, being ostracized by the other kids because of her parents' lack of money. The other kids in town had always had new clothes, fun vacations and sleepovers or parties. Rachel hadn't had any of that which was one of the reasons she, Nikki and Brianna had connected so instantly. Those two hadn't even had parents, but the three of them were the ones in the class wearing the dirty, torn up jeans and sneakers with broken laces or a toe sticking out. While the other kids had gone to parties, she'd had chores and hardships. Her father had worked grueling hours and people had taken advantage of him because of his kindness. Too many times people hadn't paid for the work he'd done. And he hadn't had any recourse to fight their illegal treatment because he'd been powerless. Even when he'd tried to hire the one attorney in the town to get some help, the lawyer hadn't thought the cases were strong enough so legal recourse was abandoned.

She sighed, her head falling onto her open palms in confusion. On the one hand, she'd loved every moment spent in Jack's company. On the other hand, she seriously did not want to raise her children in the same way she'd grown up.

Was there some way to find a happy medium? She worked hard. Maybe there was some way for her to keep her job and he could move down here. Surely there were handyman jobs here in Virginia!

She could support both of them with her own work, couldn't she?

But was she really willing to give up her dream? What if she started to resent him later in life? She would slowly grow to hate him and she couldn't imagine hating Jack. He was too strong, too powerfully built and too kind.

And what if she didn't start to hate him? What if they had a fabulous life together? What if every moment they were together, they laughed and loved and raised children and chickens? Okay, not chickens. She hated chickens but the children she wanted. Desperately. And lots of them.

Maybe she could be the bread winner and he could stay home and raise their kids. Other families did things like that. She could make it work, couldn't she? She loved him! They had so much fun together.

That was just sex, she told herself. Focus on the more fundamental issues of a relationship.

Perhaps that was the problem. He wasn't willing to compromise. Would he even consider moving down to Virginia? She might give up her dream of working in New York on Wall Street, but would he leave his nice, comfy life in Maine?

She slapped some papers on her desk, irritated that he wouldn't budge even an inch! Of course, she hadn't even suggested anything so her anger was unjustified.

Damn him! Why was he being so stubborn? Why did he have to insist that she wasn't happy? Who had happiness anyway?

And she'd be happy as soon as she got to the next level! She'd be happy to not be at the bottom of the job barrel!

The lack of chatter started to break through her frustration and she looked around. When she saw the closed conference room doors, her mind wasn't sure what to think. She glanced around and realized that everyone else in the area was also looking at the closed conference room doors.

Something big was going down. She could feel it in her bones.:

A moment later, the doors were swept open and Rachel inhaled sharply when she saw Jack standing in the doorway, the owner of her investment firm shaking his hand. This was very odd, she thought to herself, remembering that first night in the Eager Beaver when she'd wanted to hide under the table.

And then he looked over at her. It wasn't like he even had to look around for her. He knew exactly where her glassed in office was. Those sharp, blue eyes focused in on her like laser beams and she held her breath while he stalked towards her.

What was he doing here? Her hungry eyes traveled from his angry, hard eyes down his broad shoulders to his trim waist, astounded at how incredible he looked! And where had he gotten that amazing suit? It must have cost him everything to get that suit. It was obviously custom made because it fit his body perfectly.

She watched, her eyes hungrily devouring him as he approached while her mind scrambled to come up with some logical explanation for why he was here, why he was in her office building and, more interestingly, why the owner of her investment firm was acting so deferential towards him.

"What are you doing here?" she asked. He towered over her, looking and smelling like Jack. But this wasn't her Jack - this was a stranger. Those blue eyes that had laughed with her over the past several weekends, who had taught her to sail and enjoy beer, kayak in the ocean and spot the harbor seals - that was not this man. Jack was kind and generous, laughing at life and scoffing at work. This man was hard and...scary.

And then he was standing in her office doorway, those hard, challenging eyes looking down at her with something she couldn't quite identify. "Be careful what you wish for, Rachel," he said very softly, his eyes still holding hers captive. "You might just get it."

Her fingers were shaking and she wanted to reach out and touch him. But something held her back. That look in his eyes. That hardness around his mouth. It was all wrong. "Jack, what are you talking about? Did you change your mind about my job?" she asked, her eyes filled with both trepidation and hope.

He reached out and touched her cheek gently, then pulled his hand away as if he'd just hurt himself. "No, my dear. You're my new intern. Starting immediately."

She blinked, trying to keep up with him but why would Jack need an intern? "I don't understand."

He moved closer somehow. "You wanted to be my intern, to learn all you could about my investing strategy. Well, as of five minutes ago, you just became my latest intern. So grab your things. We're off to New York. Your office is already set up and you're going to learn everything you wanted and possibly some things you didn't know you needed."

Her mind was whirling, but still none of this conversation made sense. "New York?" she asked, still not grasping his meaning.

Emerson stood strong, refusing to relent on his hard line despite the confusion and hurt in her eyes. She had to learn this, had to understand that what she was asking for wasn't what she really wanted. But what was more important, he couldn't lose her. He had to be strong until she understood.

With that in mind, he pulled back, hardening his heart and glared down at her. "Come along, my dear. You need to be quicker than this if you're going to swim with the sharks. You've already learned some things, but not nearly enough. And for today's lesson..." he bent down low, whispering in her ear, "you've got to learn to be tough and merciless."

She swallowed, not sure what was going on. "Jack, please tell me what's happening. Why are you talking like this?" she asked. She reached out to touch him, thinking if she could just feel his strength, she would know that this was the same man who had held her tenderly in his arms on so many of those cold, delicious nights in Maine.

He grabbed her wrist before she could reach him and held her hand away from his body, refusing to give in to the need to have her touch him, to feel those delicate fingers against his skin. This was all for her benefit, he had to keep that in mind. "Not now, my dear. That will have to wait until later." He looked down at her, seeing the fear in her eyes and forcing himself to continue this lesson. This was what she wanted. If it would make her happy, he'd give it to her but she had to make the decision to accept the life or reject it as he had. It was going to be a tough lesson. For both of them.

"Jack?" she whispered, her eyes wide with both confusion and fear.

His mouth compressed into a line as he came to the point where he had to admit his deceit. He wasn't proud of it, but he wouldn't have changed anything. Being Jack had given him a taste of what Rachel was like as a woman versus what she would have shown him if she'd known who he was.

Bowing slightly, he mocked the names he'd been given as a child. "Emerson Jackson Watson, at your service. And you are Rachel Carson, my new intern. Let's go." He turned around without another word and walked out of her office. She blinked, trying to absorb what he'd just told her.

"Wait a minute," she called out to him, uncaring that the rest of her co-workers were all watching avidly as he turned around, wanting to see this drama played out. "Are you telling me that you...?"

He stopped, bracing himself for the hurt in those lovely, green eyes. "I'm the man you've been trying to find for the past three weeks. So now that you have me, it's up to you to take the internship or leave it. Either way, you have five minutes to grab your things and meet me downstairs or toss the opportunity to someone else. The choice is all yours."

Without another word, he turned around and walked out of the building.

Rachel stood there, wondering what had just happened. The hurt that was starting to build up inside of her was almost debilitating. Jack and Emerson Watson were one and the same? That didn't make any sense. Jack was a handyman. Emerson Watson was one of the wealthiest men in the world! What was going on?

Her manager stepped closer, his eyes moving between the now-closed elevator doors and her pale features. "Ms. Carson, you're exceptional work over the past few weeks has provided you with a great deal of visibility. Hence your newest role as Mr. Watson's intern," he told her sternly. "You have been given an opportunity that people would literally kill for. What are you doing standing here staring at the empty hallway?" her boss asked, looking at her as if she'd lost her mind.

Rachel looked at her boss, her mind still in a quandary. But she quickly grabbed her purse and her computer, not even bothering to put it on suspend as she raced out of the office to find Jack. Or Emerson. Or whoever. She was so confused!

Emerson waited, glancing at his watch carefully. He wasn't sure if he wanted Rachel to accept the internship or reject it. He had no idea if he'd have a better chance of keeping her either way.

But then his heart sank when she burst through the doors though. He'd hoped she'd turn him down, that she wouldn't want to go through all of this. He'd shown her how nice life could be without the demented push of Wall Street, but apparently she needed convincing. Or he might actually lose her. He accepted that, if she liked the life, if she thrived in the world of the Manhattan financial district, then he never had her anyway. He stepped into the limousine, not even waiting for her to reach him. People who succeeded big in this business were not kind, they were not considerate. They were out for themselves. They played stupid power games to show their opponents that they were more important. He'd played all those games extremely well, never losing a battle. It was time to teach Rachel all of those subtle, and some not so subtle, tricks.

Rachel walked over to the limousine and peered inside. "Get in," he snapped at her.

As soon as she was seated, the driver pulled away from the curb. "Where are we going?" she asked, still clutching her purse and laptop to her chest nervously. This wasn't a man she recognized. He was still awesomely attractive, but in a completely different way.

He looked over at her, enjoying the lush beauty of the woman even as he acknowledged her growing fear. "My plane is standing by to take us to Manhattan. We have several meetings to attend this afternoon and a charity dinner tonight."

"A charity dinner?" she asked weakly. "Why would we go to a charity dinner?" She'd been hoping to get him alone so she could figure out what was going on. "And why did you call yourself Emerson? Can you explain all of this to me?"

He turned ever so slightly, his eye glancing at her briefly before looking back out through the window. "Simply put, I am Emerson Jackson Watson. You went up to Maine three weekends ago to find me and you succeeded."

Her heart was starting to hurt at his words. "You mean you tricked me?" She felt betrayed somehow.

He watched her carefully, seeing her confusion slowly turn to anger. She had to learn to hide her emotions, he thought. He didn't want her hurt and letting someone else know that they'd scored. That knowledge would only reveal her weaknesses to her enemies. She'd have to toughen up. "I never lied to you, if that's where your mind is going. I simply didn't tell you the whole truth."

"Isn't that the same thing?" she demanded, becoming angry now. He'd played her for a fool! Even Molly had known what was going on...and all those people at the bar and around town! They all knew who Jack was. And what she'd been doing there. She'd been a complete fool! And he'd initiated every humiliating part of the process!

As all of those thoughts swirled around in her brain, her anger built up to monumental levels. All that time, all those special moments, he'd only been laughing at her, probably joking with his friends at the bar after she'd left, laughing about how gullible she was. "Damn you! You lied to me!"

He wasn't going to let her get away with that one. He'd never lied. He might have not told her the whole truth, but he wasn't going to apologize for what he'd done. In the end, hopefully she would understand. She was hurt now, but if he could show her...

He shook his head, refusing to let his mind go down that road. "No. I didn't lie to you. And if you think an omission is a lie, then you'd better toughen up right now because where we're going, omissions are a part of every conversation. Read between the lines, figure out what people aren't telling you. Figure out the whole truth even when it isn't written out for you in plain English."

She wiggled uncomfortably in the plush, leather seat of the limousine, glaring right back at him. "Is that your first lesson?"

He looked down at her carefully, aware that her cheeks were flushed and she was fighting back tears. He refused to give in to those tears, to relent in any way. She had to go through this. She had to choose. Because he couldn't go back to that life. And he desperately wanted her to come back to his. He wanted her in his life! He'd just have to show her how difficult the life was that she thought she wanted.

And if she chose that life, he would have to deal with that as well.

"No. You've already had several lessons. If you can't keep track of everything I've already taught you, then you need to head back to your old office now. I can't repeat the lessons once they've been taught."

His phone rang at that moment and he slipped it out of his pocket to answer it. The person calling was one of his longtime adversaries but they chatted amiably, the other man already having heard that Emerson was heading back to Wall Street. "Of course, Gerald. I'd be happy to be there for dinner. And give my thanks to Wendy for inviting us. We'll be there after the gala tonight."

Rachel stared at the stranger sitting beside her, still not comprehending everything that was going on. She understood that Jack had lied to her, laughed at her and that he was really the elusive Emerson Watson, but everything else just didn't make sense. "What's going on?" she asked warily, not sure she really wanted to hear but unable to restrain the question.

"We are flying up to New York in," he glanced at his watched, "fifteen minutes. At which point, I'll introduce you to my staff and we'll get to work. At seven o'clock, there is a gala to benefit underprivileged children in Somalia, then a dinner party at Gerald Warrick's house. His wife's name is Wendy. He has two children. My assistant will give you backgrounds on all four of them plus several people at both parties. Memorize everything before tonight."

She was once again startled by the hardness in his tone and in his eyes. This wasn't the man she'd lo...cared for, she corrected miserably. "Why do I need to memorize biographies? Why can't I just talk to them and get to know them tonight?"

Emerson looked out the window, gauging the distance to the airport. "Because this is what you wanted. And you don't get to know people at social events in this world, Rachel. You use these events to further your knowledge of business issues. Every conversation is dissected for possible clues to your enemy's intentions. Don't ever enter a room, either social or business, without knowing as much as possible about the other guests and especially your host and hostess."

The car drove right out onto the tarmac and Rachel noticed a large, private plane standing by with a staircase pushed up to the doorway. "We're not going in that, are we?" she asked, her breath catching in her throat. A large plane was scary. The luxurious plane on the tarmac wasn't small, but it wasn't a seven-forty-seven.

"That's the most expedient way to get to where we're going," he said and stepped out of the limousine, almost before it even stopped. Rachel guessed she should be relieved that at least he waited outside the vehicle for her, but when he grasped her hand to help her out, all those crazy feelings that always hit her when he touched her happened again. She wasn't sure if she wanted to pull away because the man holding her was now a stranger and she felt betrayed by his lies, or if she wanted to throw herself into his arms and beg him to make love to her like he used to, and ask him to explain what all of this insanity was about.

Emerson looked down into those incredible, green eyes of hers and knew she was hurt and confused. He wanted to hold her, to tell her that everything would be okay. But he couldn't do that. He didn't know what she would decide about all of this. His instincts were telling him that she'd hate all of it, but it had to be her choice. He couldn't make this decision for her. "We're going to be late," he said, clearing his throat and looking away from her. "Let's go." He didn't drop her hand like he should, but instead, led her onto the plane. Nodding slightly to the crew, he brought Rachel to one of the large, leather chairs. "Take off as soon as possible," he told the pilot who efficiently nodded and ducked back into the cockpit.

Rachel saw a moment's hesitation, a calm amid the storm that she'd been pulled into only thirty minutes ago, and she leaned forward. "Jack..."

"You can call me Emerson now. I'm only Jack to everyone in Cape Elizabeth. Here in New York, I go by Emerson." He didn't acknowledge her in any other way, picking up a file folder that was stuffed with papers. "Here, read through this information on the flight up. You'll need it."

Rachel took the papers and looked through them. "These are statistics on various businesses."

"Exactly. You'll need to give me your analysis on which businesses to invest in by noon."

Rachel's mouth dropped open and she looked at his dark head as he bent over some other information. Was he serious? There were probably forty companies in this folder! How was she supposed to evaluate all of them in...she looked down at her watch...two hours?

Good grief.

He could easily guess where her thoughts were heading. "You'd better get busy. We have meetings scheduled for the rest of the afternoon."

Rachel didn't bother to argue with him. She squared her shoulders and stiffened her spine, refusing to give in to the heartache that was threatening to choke her. If this was the way he wanted to play, she could hang with the big boys. She looked down at the reports, her mind sifting through all of the information. But she couldn't do this on her lap. Moving over to another chair, she decided to spread her information out on the table by the corner.

"We're cleared for takeoff," the flight attendant said to Emerson, then disappeared again.

Rachel looked up, her startled eyes looking out the windows. She clasped the file folder tightly to her chest and buckled her seatbelt, her heart pounding hard.

Emerson looked back just to make sure she had her seat belt buckled. She was looking out the window and he thought she looked a bit too pale, but he suppressed the urge to go to her. No comfort yet. Once she'd made the decision about which life she wanted, then hopefully he could comfort her. Until then, she had to understand it all.

The plane taxied down the runway, picking up speed. He didn't want to watch, didn't want to help her in any way. If she chose this life, she couldn't show any weakness. He had to protect her by letting her be strong by herself. But when the plane lifted off of the ground and he saw the fear in her eyes, he couldn't take it any longer. Emerson cursed under his breath, unsnapped his seatbelt and, in two strides, was right next to her, lifting her out of her seat and holding her in his arms. He held her tight, trying to give her strength through his arms and hands. He kissed the top of her head and told her that she was going to be okay.

When the plane leveled off, he felt her take a deep breath and knew that the worst of her terror was over. He wanted to tell her that they would never have to fly again. But the truth was, they might need to fly out to Denver tomorrow morning and then out to Seattle tomorrow night, depending on what he found out in the meetings this afternoon.

"Read the reports," he told her, more gently than he'd intended as he stood up and put her back into her seat alone. "We'll talk over lunch."

With those words, he moved back to his seat and picked up his own reports. But he couldn't absorb any of the information in them. His whole mind was focused only on the woman who slowly spread the reports out across the table, her fingers shaking as she worked to overcome her fear of flying.

With her head bent low, Rachel made notes in all the margins of issues she found with each company. She didn't look up, didn't hesitate and didn't even communicate with Emerson or Jack or whoever he wanted to be today. She focused only on the reports, trying to come up with an investment strategy. She had no idea what he might be looking for, but she was more than willing to put her own insight into the companies.

By the time the plane touched down, she was back in control and had several ideas in her head about the company profiles Jack, or Emerson, had given to her to review. "What's next?" she asked as efficiently as her nervous mind could muster.

"Next, we go meet my staff. We have three meetings before lunch."

Rachel looked at her watch, not sure how he would get three meetings in before noon but she followed him reluctantly out of the plane and into the next waiting limousine. This one drove them out of the airport and right into downtown Manhattan. Rachel could feel her excitement growing as the car moved throughout the mid-morning traffic. She could instantly feel the pulsating energy of the city, knew that this was exactly where she belonged. And if it meant putting up with an obnoxious, irritating and lying bastard like Jack, or more accurately, Emerson, then she would do it. She could ignore the hurt that was pounding through her at all the lies he'd told her throughout the past several weekends. If he was going to play hardball, she could do the same.

She told herself that over and over again throughout the next several hours. She followed Emerson from one meeting to another, listening, taking notes, observing how he treated some people versus others. He seemed to be kinder to the support staff while his managers were treated with almost contempt. Nothing was good enough for him where they were concerned but, thankfully, she managed to impress him over their lunch by recommending three of the companies from the batch he'd handed her on the plane. Unfortunately, by the end of their meal, he'd shot down every one of them, telling her in painful detail all the issues she'd missed with each company and why her three choices were bound to fail.

As the waiter took their plates away, Rachel stared at him, hurt and confused. She tried very hard to hide it, but she could tell by the hardening look in his eyes that he'd grasped her emotions. She sat up straight, refusing to be intimidated by his reaction. "But none of your points were in the information you gave me!" she defended herself, feeling like a fool but trying to imitate his hard-hitting body language.

He wasn't immune to the pain in her pretty green eyes but he shook his head mercilessly. "A good lesson to learn, Rachel," he said softly, his blue eyes boring into her green ones. "Never count on someone else to give you all the information you need to make a decision. There's always more. There's always a hidden agenda."

She didn't have time to figure out what his hidden agenda was because they left the restaurant at that point and hurried into more meetings. In every meeting, someone was asking Emerson to invest in their company, spouting statistics about revenue histories, profit projections, marketing concepts, commodities prices and so many numbers Rachel's mind seemed to be floating in a haze of bewilderment.

At one point, she glanced over at Emerson, trying to see if he was feeling what she was, but he looked supremely confident, nodding at every point, tossing out questions, challenging their assertions. Several of the people who were presenting stumbled over his questions. They looked dumbfounded that he knew so much - their corporate secrets, supposedly secret problems with a distribution vendor, or a multitude of other issues. Of course, the presenters didn't want any of these things revealed. Those people left with their tail between their legs, having gotten an impressive verbal lashing from Emerson.

After six hours of meetings and research, trying to keep up with Emerson and anticipate his next move, Rachel could only contemplate settling down with a glass of wine and a long, hot bubble bath. She couldn't think any longer, couldn't react to Emerson's tough words or his sharp demands another moment. She just wanted to sink down and not think about anything.

"Time to go," he said when the last of the staff members had exited the conference room.

The possibility of a bubble bath popped cruelly out of her mind. She quickly gathered up her things and raced out of the room in his wake. "Where are we going now?" she asked, speeding to keep up with his longer legs. Her feet were aching from the high heeled shoes she'd put on this morning, her mind was numb and her heart was still angry and muddled by all that had happened today.

"There's the gala tonight," he told her as he pressed the elevator button, "and I doubt you have anything appropriate to wear so I've taken the liberty of having something delivered for you. After that, we are having dinner with the Warricks. Have you memorized the biographies that Jennifer gave you before lunch?"

Rachel panicked. "I'd forgotten about that," she replied, feeling defeated but trying to hide it. She'd just finished stuffing everything into her leather bag but she pulled it back off of her shoulder, digging through the documents people had given her until she found the blue file folder his assistant had handed her as they were walking out of the building for lunch. At the time, Rachel hadn't had any clue what was contained in the folder and Jack...she shook her head...Emerson hadn't given her time to even open it up as they'd moved out of the building to the waiting limousine. He'd been giving her instructions that she'd been frantically trying to write down. Come to think of it, she hadn't had time to even follow through on any of those instructions.

"When was I supposed to get all of this stuff done?" she asked, holding out her notebook with all of her scribbled directives, her heart in her throat with the fear that she'd failed him on her first day.

Emerson looked down at the instructions but smothered his concern. He looked into her bag and pulled out the cell phone Jennifer had also handed her. "Call Jennifer. Tell her you need a bigger bag. Also tell her she should organize this one for you so that you can find things more easily. She should figure out some sort of method that works for you."

She held the cell phone in her hand, not sure why she would ask someone else to organize her work for her. "But Jennifer works for you. I can't..."

He quickly interrupted her. "Jennifer is your assistant. Mine is Emily and she keeps all of my files with her so I don't have to keep up with them. She hands me only the information I need, when I need it. She's worked for me long enough that she knows what I need ahead of when I need it so she's prepared."

Rachel stared at him, dumbfounded. "Jennifer has already left for the day," she said stupidly.

He refrained from chuckling at her horrified expression. "Then get her on the phone so she gets in early enough tomorrow morning. She needs to have things ready for you by the time you walk in for your first meeting. You're already confused and behind on too many issues. You can't let that happen two days in a row."

Rachel sighed and stuffed the phone back into her bag. "I'm not calling her at home."

He waited for a moment, concerned that she was already being too soft. She had to be tough, had to use the people at her disposal. There was no work/life balance in this business and Jennifer already knew that. It was time Rachel learned that as well. "Then you will fail," was all he said.

Rachel glared at him in the dim light of the limousine. Mentally, she was thinking of all the things she wanted to do to him but in the end, she grabbed the phone one more time and found Jennifer's number already on one of the speed dials. She spoke quickly to Jennifer, telling her what she would need to do by the morning, apologizing for disturbing her evening.

When she hung up, she shoved the phone back into her bag, refusing to even look at him. "So that's your precious secret?" she asked, her voice steeped in sarcasm and disdain. "Drive everyone crazy with your horrible demands?"

The deep, sexy chuckle was her only warning. A fraction of a second later, she was lifted out of her seat and plunked down on his lap. This time, there wasn't any comfort in his touch. She gasped when she felt his strong hands slide up underneath her skirt, caressing her and causing lightning to shoot all over her body. "It isn't so much a secret, but a mandatory rule. Always surround yourself with people who know what you want," he said and bent to capture her lips with his.

She tried to resist. She honestly did. She didn't like this side of Jack...or Emerson! She didn't like who he was and how he treated others. But she couldn't deny the way he made her feel. His hands were touching her, sliding upwards. He might not be the same man she knew in Maine, but he knew her body intimately and captured her gasps of pleasure in his mouth as his hands moved up, cupping her breasts, nibbling on her neck before sliding down her back and pressing her body against his. When his teeth nipped at her breast through the silk of her blouse, she couldn't hold back the scream of need. Her hands dove into his hair, holding him in place while he brought her body higher.

She shifted on his lap, smiling when she heard his groan but then he moved to her other breast and she closed her eyes as the waves of pleasure washed over her.

She was startled when he stopped. Looking around, she suddenly realized that they were stopped in front of a tall, high-rise building with a doorman coming towards them.

"Oh!" she gasped and slipped off of his lap, smoothing down her tight skirt quickly and trying to button her jacket with shaking fingers. It wouldn't do for this stranger to see the spots on her silk blouse where Emerson's mouth had been.

And Emerson didn't help much either. He just sat there and she could feel his amusement as he looked down at her.

Emerson waited for Rachel to pull herself together, relieved that he could still have that kind of an impact on her. Throughout the day, he'd watched her during their meetings, gauging how much she was absorbing versus the important points she might be missing while frantically taking notes. When she'd put her clothes back in order, he smiled and signaled to the doorman. "Good evening, Mr. Watson," the doorman said as soon as they stepped out.

"Good evening, George," Emerson said smoothly, buttoning his own jacket as he stepped out beside Rachel. "This is Rachel Ward and she'll be staying with me for a while."

"Very good, sir," the doorman said swiftly, bowing as he pushed the limousine door closed. He then hurried to the front door of the building to hold that one open.

Rachel didn't understand what was going on, but she hurried after Emerson, her body still shaking from his touch a moment ago. When he stepped into a waiting elevator, she followed, but couldn't ask him any questions since he was on the phone with someone.

When the elevator doors opened up, her mouth dropped open with the opulence of the decor in front of her.

Emerson didn't even blink but stepped forward and walked towards the massive living room. There was a huge sectional that sat in front of a stone fireplace, beyond which was the Manhattan skyline that could be viewed from the floor to ceiling windows. It was spectacular!

"Where are we?" she gasped, feeling numb as she twirled around.

He went through the cards that had been set out on the marble topped table, then tossed them down as if they were uninteresting. He glanced at the latest text message that came in front his phone while, chuckling at whatever it said, then turned to face her. "This is where I live when I'm in New York," he explained, slipping the phone back into his breast pocket.

She took in the industrial-style staircase off to the side and the elaborate dining room table on the other side of the room that could easily seat seven or eight people on each side. "You're kidding, right?"

"About what?" he asked, taking her hand and pulling her along down a black and white parquet hallway.

"About all this," she said, gesturing to the place that was enormous. "Does it take up the whole floor?"

"I have the top four floors," he told her as he led her into a large master bedroom. "I believe my housekeeper put your clothes for tonight in that closet," he said, placing her in front of a set of double doors. From behind her, he lifted the leather bag off of her shoulder and dumped it onto the floor by the bed. "Want some help getting ready?" he asked, his long, strong arms reaching around her so he could unbutton the jacket she'd so recently buttoned. He slipped it off her shoulders as well, then started on the zipper to her skirt.

She suddenly realized what was happening and spun around. "What are you doing?" she gasped, so confused and overwhelmed she didn't know which was right and left.

He smiled slightly, looking down into her pretty green eyes. "I'm helping you undress," he replied as if that were the most obvious thing in the world. "We have several parties to attend tonight."

She shivered as his hands touched her skin but she shook her head, grabbing his wrists. "Tonight?" she asked, wishing she could just sink into that bed behind him and sleep for the next ten hours.

He raised one dark eyebrow. "The gala and the dinner party," he clarified. "I mentioned them in the car a few moments ago."

She sighed and looked down, her hands losing all her strength. "I'd forgotten." She glanced up at him, wide with yet another concern. "I don't have anything to wear!"

Emerson took pity on her and pulled his hands away, knowing that she didn't have the energy to either fight him or participate in what he had in mind. "You do. I just mentioned that my housekeeper put your clothes in that closet."

Rachel's head spun around and she looked at the double doors. "Clothes?"

"Yes. You'll need a cocktail dress for tonight's events."

"Cocktail dress?"

He chuckled even as he slipped his tie off. "The night is going to be long if you're going to repeat everything I say."

She bit her lip as she glanced back at him. He was taking off his shirt and all those feelings he'd ignited in the car moments ago...or was it hours...came right back to her full force as she ached to touch all those extraordinary muscles in his back and on his arms.

She turned her head away and looked at the double doors. For some reason, she didn't want to open them. She didn't want to see what was inside. It was a Pandora's closet. Whatever was inside would be very, very bad.

Inhaling, she took the two steps closer and rested her hand on the cold, metal of the doorknob. Waiting a heartbeat, she let her breath go, closing her eyes and opened the doors. There wasn't a dead body behind the door, probably not even something ugly. From what she could see of his shockingly huge penthouse, the man had excellent taste. But the possibility of what she would find still scared her. It represented yet another layer of confusion to this incredibly insane day.

Inside the closet, there wasn't a single cocktail dress hanging innocently on one of the hangers. There weren't even a few dresses. What the man referred to as "clothes" was actually an entire rainbow of dresses and suits. Two sides of the closet, filled with fabulous, elegant clothing, all still with their tags on them. The sleeves were dangling down, her eyes almost hurting from the sparkles on the evening gowns.

"What is all this?" she whispered, her fingers running over the expensive material of several dresses.

"That's your power wardrobe," Emerson called out from the doorway.

She spun around, her eyes catching on his wet hair and bare chest. He was wearing tuxedo slacks already and pulled the tuxedo shirt over his shoulders.

"I need a 'power wardrobe'?" she asked, her eyes wide, her mouth dry with the expanse of all that delectable skin showing. It reminded her of the first time she'd seen him, which, unfortunately, he was buttoning up the shirt, hiding away what she most wanted to see.

"Everyone needs a power wardrobe. Isn't that why you wore the red shoes the first time you tried to meet me?" he asked, those black eyebrows rising in challenge. He lifted a dress off of the rack. "Wear this one tonight. You'll look perfect."

She took the dress he handed to her without even looking at it, feeling like she wanted to scream. Although she wasn't sure if the screaming-hissy-fit-melt-down was due to him telling her what to wear or her fatigue. Probably both, not to mention her entire day.

In the end, she couldn't think well enough to figure it out and she went into autopilot mode. She slipped her skirt and blouse off then pulled the dress up, not really aware of what she was doing or even the color of the dress. When she turned around, she caught herself in the mirror and was stunned by the way the forest green dress sparkled around her figure, making her eyes look even more green than normal.

"Wow!" she whispered to her reflection, sliding her hands down her hips in amazement. The cut of the dress made her waist look several inches smaller while her hips, not necessarily bigger, were definitely sexier although she couldn't really put her finger on how the simple dress accomplished such a feat.

"Wow!" Emerson said from directly behind her.

She spun around and took in his large, imposing physique in the sophisticated tuxedo. "Wow," she inadvertently parroted, drinking in all the details. "You look very...nice," she finally said, feeling shy all of a sudden which didn't make any sense. She'd been intimate with this man for weeks but he felt like a stranger now. This day just continued to feel surreal.

He looked down into her eyes, his blue ones assessing her state of mind. "Are you okay?" he asked gently.

Rachel wasn't sure what he was asking her and didn't want to give away any weakness. She didn't understand everything, but she knew that the old Jack and the new Emerson were trying to give her a test on whether she could handle this life. And she was going to give it her best shot so no fragility was allowed, take the opportunities, try everything local and live in the moment. Those were the things he'd taught her over the past few weeks and she would apply them to tonight.

"I'm good," she replied, banking all of her fatigue for later. She could sleep on the weekend, she promised herself. "I just need to get that file and we can be on our way." She stepped out of his arms and walked around him, digging into her leather bag for the blue file Jennifer had given her earlier today. When she had it in hand, she stood up and turned around, only to find him staring at her bottom.

"What were you doing?" she asked suspiciously, her eyes narrowed on his handsome features. She knew exactly what he'd been doing and he didn't appear embarrassed at having been caught!

Emerson tore his eyes away, looking into hers. "Admiring the artwork," he said with a slight smile. "Let's go."

She followed him out, not taking the time or energy to be angry with him about his voyeuristic tendencies. She followed behind him, reading the information in the file folder as they descended once again to the street level. Sure enough, the driver was already standing by so all they had to do was dive into the back of the sleek, black car and the driver sped them away towards their destination. She didn't even need to look up from the material.

Unfortunately, the ride was short and she didn't have time to read through all of the information, much less memorize what she had been able to read. So she stepped out of the car, ready to wing it for the night and hoping she didn't let Ja...Emerson down at some terribly awkward moment.

Thankfully, she didn't have to say too much. The food at the gala was almost decadent and everyone appeared to be having a fabulous time, laughing and conversing, kissing cheeks and welcoming Emerson back into their fold. For his part, Emerson was the ultimate charmer, moving her from group to group, introducing her to everyone and ensuring that she was included in all the conversations. After leaving the dinner, they went through the same motions, had almost the same conversations and the reaction to Emerson's appearance was just as tedious as at the dinner party. The elegant living room and dining room in the house were lit up with lights everywhere and the champagne and other drinks were floating all around on trays held aloft by experienced waiters and waitresses.

By the time Emerson led her back into his penthouse, she was so tired she thought that her eyes might be covered with sandpaper. All she wanted was to crawl into bed and sleep without shoes. She didn't care about anything else, just getting these forest green stilettos off of her feet would be bliss.

She wasn't sure if she even brushed her teeth before she fell into the big bed. A part of her mind told her to find another room, that this was Emerson's bed and she shouldn't be sleeping with him after all of his lies, but she was too tired to move, much less care at this point.

Rachel wasn't even aware of Emerson stripping off his tuxedo and coming to bed. Nor did she wake up when he pulled her into his arms, making sure that her head was resting on his chest instead of the pillow. It took him a long time to fall asleep though. Holding Rachel close, all he wanted to do was bury himself in her heat and make love to her. But she was exhausted and he preferred his lovers conscious and he knew that she was still confused and angry.

Patience, he told himself. He had to make this work. He had to keep her in his life.

Chapter 5

Rachel suppressed the pain caused by sleep deprivation and pretended like everything was okay. But it wasn't okay. She was miserable and feeling hopeless. What was worse, she had no idea how to get out of this mess she'd created for herself.

She'd been living with Emerson in Manhattan for almost a month now and she felt like she was going to break if he asked one more thing of her.

She spoke to Nikki and Brianna barely once a week now, missing them terribly. They tried to be encouraging, but Rachel could hear the concern in their voices. She was simply too tired and overwhelmed to figure out how to reassure both of them.

And, what made everything worse, she wanted Emerson so badly, she was almost crying over her need to have him hold her and make love to her. Unfortunately, she knew that she'd brought all of this on herself. After that first night, she'd put her foot down about sleeping in another room. She'd woken up to him kissing her neck. It had been the first test of her strength to pull out of his arms that morning and she'd almost failed. She had no idea where she'd found the power, but she'd pushed him away, shaking her head and informing him in no uncertain terms that she wouldn't have sex with a stranger.

Of course, that didn't stop him from trying. Every night, he took her into his arms, kissed her until she was nearly senseless with desire. So far, she'd been able to withstand his drugging kisses, but she was holding on only through sheer stubbornness over how he'd made her look like a fool.

If she could go back and do all of this over again, she'd completely eliminate that speech she'd given to Jack last month. Her feelings had changed about needing to make it in New York, not letting herself down and facing her fears. If she had her way, she'd move up to Cape Elizabeth, buy herself a computer and start a small investment firm with just the locals as her clients.

Or maybe she'd do something completely different. Something that had nothing to do with investments or money or stocks. Maybe she would do something with her hands, something that would keep her mind from ever having to calculate stock ratios or profit variances.

First, she would sleep for a whole week, she interjected into her fantasy.

Now that she'd had a taste of both sides, she knew that she preferred the simple life. What she was doing now, it wasn't living. It was surviving. And she was barely even doing that! She'd heard Wall Street referred to as a jungle but this wasn't a jungle. At least in the jungle, there were moments of peace and tranquility, a few spectacular pauses where the surrounding beauty could still one's heart.

This was guerrilla warfare. Living in Manhattan, trying to keep up with all the latest gossip and discovering hidden problems with potential target companies, listening to endless people trying to convince her to invest in this company or that commodity...it was a sad and pathetic lifestyle that she had grown to hate. From the moment she woke up in the morning alone until Emerson took her into his arms at night to try and convince her to come to bed with him, she hated every moment of this life.

If only Emerson could go back to being Jack again. She had no idea what he was thinking most of the time. His face was blank, not giving her any clue as to what he might feel or think or care about. Until he took her into his arms. Then she knew exactly what he was thinking.

At least, she assumed what he was thinking.

And she really didn't like that. She wanted him to care about her. She used to love the man but she'd been in love with Jack. She didn't know this Emerson man. She had no idea what he wanted in life except to make more money.$

She pulled herself out of bed and walked unsteadily to the shower. The irony of the situation wasn't lost on her, she thought as she turned on the shower. She'd told Jack that this was what she'd wanted. She'd wanted the brass ring, all the excitement and power of Wall Street. She wanted to make money so that she never had to worry about where her next meal was coming or what would happen if someone got sick. She remembered her parents' fights about money and all the hardships her family had endured growing up.

She leaned her head against the cold, hard marble, letting the warm water flow over her back. She couldn't do this, she thought silently. Well, that wasn't really true, she told herself as she grabbed the shampoo. She could do it. She was doing it. She just didn't want to do it. There was a significant difference in wanting to do this life and being intellectually able to handle this lifestyle. She could handle it intellectually. She'd proven that over the past month. She'd gone through all the motions, learned a great deal about investing and how to shift funds quickly to take advantage of changing political and economic environments. She couldn't believe how much money one could make simply by a penny change in the Libor rates or if the currency rate changed.

But it was exhausting keeping up with all of that. She didn't know how Emerson did it.

She stopped and laughed, her hair full of suds which were also running down her body. But the laughter took over her too-tired body and she stood in the shower laughing almost hysterically. She was honestly thinking of Emerson and Jack as two different people. They weren't two people, they were two sides of the same man. She was possibly going a bit crazy, but she couldn't help it. Jack and Emerson might be the same man, but the two personalities were completely different. She could see how Emerson might be in Jack. There had been flashes of his dominating, powerful persona behind the laughing, beguiling man she'd learned to love. But there wasn't any of Jack in Emerson. It was almost as if the fun-loving, laid back "Jack" part of the man were completely suppressed. Oh, Emerson could be just as charming as the Jack part of him, but there was a ruthlessness in his smile, a glint in his eye that told her he was always working the angle, forming a plan. He wasn't ever relaxed, he wasn't ever just laughing because he was amused. He laughed for effect, to put someone at ease before he went in for the kill.

She missed Jack, she thought as she rinsed out her hair. She stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around herself. She glanced out of bathroom window and noticed that the rest of the city was just starting to wake up even though the sun hadn't yet started its rise over the horizon.

She'd always been an early riser, but she'd been out until past midnight the previous night and all she wanted to do was crawl back into that soft bed and sleep for the rest of the day. There had been yet another charity event last night where she'd met a few new people, discussed several new ideas and ignored several others. She wasn't shocked by how much business was done during these social events anymore. She no longer considered that she was finished with work when she left the office. In her mind, she was merely done with her in-office business and the out-of-office hours began. Both served a purpose and she now understood that one side of the business couldn't be successful without the other. Too many connections were made during both sides, deals negotiated, positions defined...every moment, both in the conference rooms as well as the ballrooms, were battles to be fought and won.

And she was disgusted with all of it.

Walking into her closet filled with fabulous clothes, she looked at each of the suits, trying to remember what was on her schedule for the day. Actually, she wasn't completely sure what day it was. They were all blurring into a hazy, grey mess in her mind. There were no weekends anymore. She worked seven days a week, trying to get ahead of the others in the office.

Which only made the clothing decision that much more difficult, she thought as she continued to stare at her wardrobe. She could go get her cell phone and pull it up. Jennifer was probably already in the office or she'd done something at her home. The woman really was a dynamo.

"Don't wear that," a deep voice said from behind her.

Rachel spun around, catching her breath when she saw Emerson standing in her doorway. She was surprised that he wasn't wearing a suit, or even a pair of slacks and a sports jacket. As her tired eyes drank him in, she didn't even remember to tell him to get out of the room she'd moved into. She simply stared at him dumbly, taking in his appearance in a well-worn pair of jeans that made his legs look longer and sexier. She pulled the towel higher, making sure everything was covered, reminding herself that she didn't like this man, but it was hard to think clearly when he was looking so sexy in jeans.

Jeans?

That completely threw her. "What's going on?" she asked, not sure she could take any more surprises. At least not on three hours of sleep.

"Wear these," he said and handed her a bag. She hadn't noticed the bag a moment ago, her eyes too transfixed on how heavenly he looked in those jeans with his long, muscular legs not to mention those yummy shoulders in the thick, cable knit sweater. Goodness he looked hot!

But a sweater? It wasn't that cold outside. The heat of the summer had dissipated and the fall crispness was moving into the city, but the temperatures definitely didn't warrant a thick sweater.

"What's this?" she asked, not wanting to accept any more clothes from him much less gifts. Gifts implied a relationship that they no longer had. They were employer and employee. Unfortunately.

"Jeans," he told her. "And a sweater."

She cringed inwardly. "I'm not a huge fan of jeans," she told him.

He smiled slightly and it was the first sign of genuine amusement she'd seen on his handsome face in so long, it took her breath away. "Just humor me, okay?"

She bit her lip, wondering what he was up to. A part of her wanted to put on one of the business suits and ignore his request. She wasn't into humoring this man anymore. A month ago, she would have done a lot to humor him but he wasn't the same man anymore. Now, he was cold and heartless, unemotional and distant. She should have pushed Jennifer to find her a separate apartment as soon as she'd discovered what was going on, but there were always a thousand other details that had taken precedence.

He didn't wait for a response but instead, stepped out of the room to let her dress. She looked at the expensive wardrobe, then pulled out the clothes from the bag. They were just a warm sweater and soft jeans which only confused her more. Looking at the suits, she rejected her small rebellion. She didn't hate the suits as much as she hated what they represented. They were like a prison uniform and every day she'd put one on and march through Manhattan to her prison sentence.

Ironically, this prison was exactly what she'd wanted. It was what she'd told Jack she wanted. And Emerson had given it to her. He'd taught her so much, but now...?

She sighed, not sure what to do. And at this point, she was too confused to try and figure out what her next move should be.

She pulled out the jeans and slipped them on. There was also a thick, warm sweater in the bag, similar to his. She pulled that on as well, then dried her hair and pinned it all on top of her head. It seemed more appropriate to wear a messy bun with jeans versus blow drying it and styling it like she normally would to go into meetings.

She added only a bit of makeup, just some mascara and lipstick, then noticed the dark circles under her eyes and dabbed a bit of concealer and powder on to hide her fatigue. She didn't want Emerson to think she was defeated with this lifestyle. Well, she'd have to tell him eventually. She couldn't keep this up. She hated this. She'd proven to herself that she could do it, but she didn't want to continue.

And then an even more confusing thought struck her. She hated the idea of leaving here and never seeing Emerson again. She stood in front of the bathroom mirror reeling from the pain of that thought. But why should it be like that? She'd rejected him so long ago. Their affair had ended the moment she'd spoken those horrible words about wanting a different life, one that he couldn't give her.

She closed her eyes and leaned against the marble countertop, her hands braced on the cold, flat surface. He'd told her over and over again that she wouldn't like this life. And what had she done? She'd scoffed at his insight. She'd told him that she wasn't going to be poor, that she wanted the power that came along with understanding Emerson Watson's methods.

Well, now he'd taught her his methods, she was making loads of money and she knew how to control a business transaction so that it was profitable. Oh, she didn't delude herself into thinking she'd broken the code on all of his tactics, but she was pretty good now. She wasn't exactly sure what her bank account looked like, but she estimated that she'd earned twice as much in the past four weeks learning from Emerson as she'd earned the entire previous year.

Somehow, she had to figure out how to turn back time.

She now understood exactly what he'd been trying to tell her, what he'd patiently told her several times! Her palm flattened against her forehead as she absorbed the shock of realizing what a complete and utter fool she'd been! She might not have had all the money and power she'd wanted a month ago, but she could have been happy with Jack. She could have figured out a way to make things work. She just hadn't been trying hard enough! She'd been such an idiot not to have come up with a creative solution to their situation and now, here she was, hiding out in a bathroom and hating life, so tired she could barely stand and disgusted with all the merciless people who now called themselves her "friend" which, in Wall Street terms meant Rachel had become "important".

She had to fix this. She didn't know if he would ever forgive her and she wasn't exactly sure if she could get out of this whirlwind, but she had to try.

She picked up her cell phone and dialed Nikki's number, needing advice on how to get out of this mess. But Nikki didn't answer so she left a voice mail. She glanced at her watch and realized that Nikki and Brianna were probably out on their normal Saturday morning run along the river.

When her voice mail clicked on, Rachel said, "Hi Nik. Just calling to check in. I know you and Bri are out on your run so give me a call when you have time. Nothing urgent. I just miss you guys."

She sighed and put her phone away, wishing she could be there with them, wanting that run and the cool, morning air against her face. Rachel loved the way the three of them would traipse down the rough path, chatting about their week, laughing at their foibles while cheering each other's successes. She missed those times. She missed her friends. And she missed Emerson so much, she wanted to crawl back to him and beg him to ignore what she'd said that horrible Sunday evening.

Stepping out of the dressing room, her eyes searched hungrily for Emerson, wanting to see him in those jeans once more. He might be intimidating as all get out, but he still made her stomach flutter whenever she saw him, even in a business suit or tuxedo, even though she hated everything those represented.

When he wasn't in the bedroom, she tentatively moved about his enormous penthouse, ignoring all the stark, horrible furniture that was like sitting on a bench at the bus station. Not even the enormous fireplace or the stunning views of the city could make this place look comfortable. Maybe, just like the expensive clothes Emerson had bought her, it wasn't the actual penthouse that she disliked, but what it represented. This was the "Emerson" side of the man she'd fallen in love with. This was the hard, cold, driven and unfeeling man that was merciless and calculating.

She found him in the most unlikely of places. The kitchen! Talking and laughing with Lilly, his housekeeper and cook. As soon as she stepped into the kitchen, the laughter stopped and Emerson stood up.

Rachel could tell that he liked her in jeans and she had to admit, they were pretty comfortable, for denim. She still preferred her leggings and a big, bulky sweatshirt when she wanted to relax, but he probably didn't know that about her. They'd only been together at the tail end of the summer. With the cold air moving in and their insane schedule, he'd never seen her relax.

"Here," Emerson said, handing her a travel mug.

"I hope this is coffee," she grumbled, feeling left out since they'd broken up their conversation as soon as she'd entered. She hadn't had a genuine, friendly conversation with anyone since she'd arrived in New York. Her conversations with other human beings consisted of discussions about money, how to make it, the cost of making it, the transferring of it and the disbursement of it.

Rachel never would have thought it possible, but she was starting to hate money.

"Where are we going?" she asked when he led her out of his penthouse to the elevator. "Don't we have meetings this morning?"

"Yes. But not here." Emerson looked at her with veiled eyes, trying to figure out what she was thinking. She was such a mystery now, but he was betting everything on the possibility that she was sick of the life in Manhattan. She might like the intensity of the city, but not the cut-throat world of Wall Street. He noticed that she'd tried to cover up those dark circles with makeup and hoped he wasn't too late.

She might hate him now. She might think he was the worst kind of person in the world. He'd seen her talking to the other guests at the dinner party last night. He'd almost burst out laughing when she'd stopped herself from rolling her eyes at one person's comments about the Japanese yen. And he'd almost grabbed her in his arms when she'd cuttingly remarked that the world didn't have to revolve around discussions about money. If it hadn't been for that comment, he wouldn't have taken the chance on today's trip.

"It isn't a long trip," he told her when he noticed her body stiffen. He hated that she got so tense whenever they flew somewhere. He wished he could help her, make her fears all go away and reassure her somehow. But he also knew that phobias weren't completely rational and it didn't help to apply logic. He just hoped this was the last trip they were forced to take. Although he wouldn't mind taking her over to Europe and dressing her in all the latest fashions from Paris or Milan. He knew of several boutiques where he'd like to drape her in the expensive lace. And then take it off. Slowly.

He shook himself out of that particular fantasy. One step at a time, he told himself. "I think you'll enjoy this trip," he said, trying to reassure her.

Rachel's stomach immediately tightened with those words. "Not here" meant somewhere else. And that meant flying. Damn it! She hated flying! She'd been able to hide it after that first flight, but that didn't mean her fear of the takeoff and landing weren't painful and suffocating. It just meant she'd learned to hide those feelings from Emerson.

She sipped her coffee but couldn't really enjoy the robust flavor because she knew they were headed to the airport. Emerson was on the phone, giving out instructions about something, but she couldn't concentrate on his words as her mind was completely wrapped around the fear of what was coming.

Sure enough, the driver pulled up right outside the damn plane!

She took a deep breath and stepped out behind Emerson, resigned to her fate. Wherever they were going, she'd have to deal with it. But somehow, some way, she was going to tell him that she needed out. Maybe this weekend, she thought as her mind worked through the problem. The biggest one being that she would miss him so painfully. She fought against that pain, trying to push it away because it didn't really make sense. She couldn't be sad about missing a man she didn't know, didn't like and didn't understand! It was ridiculous. But it was true and she fought back the tears as she approached the steps to his jet.

"Good morning, Mr. Watson, Ms. Carson," Emily, the flight attendant, said as they stepped onto the flight.

Rachel smiled stiffly at Emily, wishing she could be more friendly, but it was impossible when she knew this plane was about to take off. There was also her jealousy about the beautiful blond woman. She always seemed so attentive to Emerson's needs and it really irritated her.

Emerson noticed Emily's hurt reaction to Rachel's curt nod of greeting. He'd known that Rachel didn't really like the flight attendant, but had savored her jealousy, needing the small piece of evidence that Rachel still felt something for him. But now it was time to clear everything up, straighten out the world and hope that everything landed the way he wanted. Including helping Emily understand Rachel, and helping Rachel get through the flight a bit more comfortably. "Don't worry about Rachel, Emily. She's terrified of flying," Emerson said warmly as they entered the plane.

Emily's surprised expression told Rachel a lot, but she was too busy gaping at Emerson's back to respond. In the end, she had to be honest and smiled weakly at Emily, shrugging her shoulders as if to say, "I can't figure out how to overcome the issue."

Emily's surprise morphed into a warm, understanding smile and she nodded with genuine warmth. "I understand," she said and stepped into the tiny galley.

Rachel glared at Emerson's back before taking her own seat, irritated beyond words with the man and his obnoxious, mysterious agenda. "How could you tell her that?" Rachel demanded when she and Emerson were alone. She crossed her arms over her stomach, glaring at him while he casually sat down in one of the large, leather seats. "I thought I was supposed to be impervious to fear and doubt. You've been preaching all along about how I can't show weakness to anyone!"

"Ms. Carson?" Emily said from behind her.

Rachel twirled around, embarrassed to be snapping at Emerson like that. And then she suppressed that feeling. Emily wasn't the enemy, she told herself and forced a smile onto her face.

"This might help," Emily was saying, offering her a champagne flute filled with frothy liquid.

"Please," she sighed, "call me Rachel?" she asked. This woman seemed kind now and Rachel was desperate for human interaction without a hidden agenda. Rachel took the glass but she wasn't sure she wanted to drink it. "Can you tell me what's in it? I don't want any sedatives or anything like that."

Emily shook her head with a warm, caring smile. "Nothing like that, ma'am. It's just orange juice and champagne. It might help you relax during the takeoff and landing. I know it can be a bit daunting if you're frightened of those times." Emily hesitated another moment, then said, "I can assure you that the captain is extremely capable and knows how to handle this craft expertly."

Rachel blinked, surprised by the assurance.

"Emily is married to the captain," Emerson was saying and Rachel could feel the smile in his words.

She glanced back at him, showing him her exasperation. "Is nothing a secret from you?" she demanded. How could he have known that she was jealous of the other woman? Hadn't she hidden her feelings well enough? Obviously not, she thought with irritation.

He chuckled again.

Rachel smiled gratefully at Emily. "Thank you. I'll definitely try this and will let you know if it helps at all."

Emily grinned. "There's more where that came from so just let me know if you need a refill."

When Emily retreated to the galley once again, Rachel spun back around in the leather chair and glared at Emerson as he took the seat opposite her. "How did you know?" she asked after several tense moments of silence.

He smiled slightly. "Why were you trying to hide it from me?" he asked softly, keeping her eyes captured with his.

She rolled her eyes at his obtuseness. "Because you told me not to reveal any weakness."

He sighed, still watching her carefully. "Now you can show me any weaknesses you have."

Her eyes narrowed, feeling suspicious all of a sudden. "Why is that?"

"Because I'm going to show you the other side," he replied mysteriously.

That wasn't what she was expecting to hear. But the plane moved at that moment and she realized that the doors were already closed. She took the glass Emily had given her earlier and downed the entire amount, then placed the glass carefully on the table in front of her. "What's the other side?" After everything that had happened over the past month, she wasn't sure she could handle "the other side".

Unfortunately, he didn't answer her quickly enough to distract her, the plane was taxiing for takeoff and that was all she could remember. When the plane started down the runway, Emerson broke all the rules regarding takeoff and landings. He unbuckled her seatbelt and lifted her into his lap. By the time the plane had reached enough speed to lift of the earth, he was kissing her so passionately and so thoroughly, she had no idea what was happening. Only that his hands and his mouth were covering hers, his lips were doing things that created those wonderful tingles inside of her and his hands were smoothing against the skin of her stomach, creeping higher and higher until his palm was cupping her breast. She gasped when his thumb found her nipple and she arched into his hand, completely forgetting all of the resolutions she'd made about staying away from him and not letting him reduce her down to a puddle of lust.

When the plane was in the air and leveled off, he lifted his head and Rachel stared up at him. She was surprised that she'd reacted so quickly and passionately to him despite her anger towards him. And then she realized that she was still lying across his lap, her arms wrapped around his shoulders while her fingers were gripping his hair as if he were her lifeline.

"Sorry," she whispered and scrambled out of his arms.

"My pleasure," he replied and leaned back in his chair.

Rachel ignored him for the rest of the flight, uncaring that he had to adjust slightly in his seat. She was having just as much trouble getting her body back under control although her problem was a bit less obvious.

The plane flew over cities but Rachel wasn't educated enough on topography to know where they were going. She didn't even know if they were flying north, south or west although she was fairly certain they weren't going east which would take them over the Atlantic. There was definitely land underneath them so that eliminated Europe.

Instead of asking, which she suspected Emerson wanted her to do, she simply pulled up her computer and worked on the report he'd asked her to create for him. She didn't listen to him as he spoke softly on the phone although she did hear enough of his conversation to ascertain that he wasn't speaking to another woman. Thankfully, and she didn't question why she cared, but the topic was still business related so she was then able to tune it out and focus only on analyzing the data she'd obtained and figure out the best plan of action to recommend to him.

Not that he would agree with her, she thought with resentment. Everything she'd given him over the past month had been wrong with only moments of "non-wrongness". At those times, he simply nodded in her direction and moved on to the next issue. No compliment, no thanks for getting the job done quickly or efficiently or accurately. Not even acknowledgement of her effort.

"Excuse me," she said, snapping her laptop closed so she could move to the bathroom. She didn't want him to peek at her analysis until she'd finished it so she made sure that the password was shutting out prying eyes.

When she emerged, she found Emerson standing at the front of the plane, chatting with Emily and the pilot, Darren, all three of them laughing. Unfortunately, they stopped when she came into the main section of the plane, just as had happened earlier when Emerson had been laughing with Lilly at his penthouse. She was becoming mightily sick of that reaction whenever she came around.

"We're about to start our decent," the pilot was saying a moment before he disappeared back into the cockpit. "We should be on the ground in less than ten minutes."

Emerson's eyes looked over at Rachel, evaluating how she was doing. He wished she would take a nap, get some sleep so those dark circles under her eyes would fade away. But he'd driven her too hard this past month. He just prayed that he could get her back over the next few days.

He'd been right. She could handle the life, but would she want to go back? Was she too tired to deal with working on Wall Street? Or had she loved it?

Unfortunately, he'd taught her to hide her emotions, to suppress everything but the mission, to not let anyone see any kind of weakness.

Damn if she hadn't learned that lesson extremely well. Hell, she'd learned everything extremely well.

He watched with both concern and irritation as she slipped back into the leather seat, buckling her seatbelt as if she weren't terrified out of her mind. He knew she hated flying and he desperately hoped that this might be their last flight. If only she would choose....

No, he could only show her. In the end, she had to make the decision herself. He suspected she was miserable, but he didn't want to push her into something she didn't sincerely want. No matter how much he wanted her in his life.

Ten minutes later, Darren had landed the plane smoothly and they were taxiing to the hangar. Emerson had been watching Rachel the entire time, noting her pale skin and lips, the whiteness in her knuckles. She'd done a good job of hiding it, but he knew her better, knew what to look for. The signs were subtle, but his heart still ached to hold her and help her through the landing.

He stood up, preparing to disembark. "Ready?" he asked, extending his hand towards her.

"Yes. Thank you." She ignored his outstretched hand and moved towards the now open hatch, ignoring the look in his eyes that might have been pain if Emerson actually felt any pain.

She was about to descend, but she suddenly turned around and looked back up at the pilot. "Thank you for such a soft landing," she said to him with a grateful, genuine smile.

She turned back around, so she didn't see the startled expression on Darren's face or his wife's as she and Emerson went down the stairs. Nor did she hear Darren whisper to his wife, "What happened to the Ice Queen?" Or his wife's response, "She's just afraid of flying."

Rachel didn't see the look of understanding and compassion that the two shared since she was slipping out the side door of the hangar with Emerson right behind her. She still wasn't sure what was going on, but they weren't in New York so the day was bound to be better than expected.

Rachel looked around at the nondescript airplane hangar, seeing several people moving forward who looked like maintenance personnel. "You still haven't told me why we're here or even where 'here' is."

Emerson put a hand to the small of her back, guiding her towards the parking lot. "Yes I did. I said you're going to learn the other side." He almost chuckled when she tried to move away from his touch, but he wasn't letting her get away with that. He touched her arm and pulled her back to him, smothering his need when she shivered at his touch just like she always did.

She didn't understand, but she realized from the expression on his face that he wasn't going to tell her either. "Okay. Lead on," she said with resignation.

Emerson pushed the door open and Rachel gasped when she immediately smelled the sea air. "Are we in Maine?" she asked almost reverently.

"Yes," he told her with a sight grin. Emerson watched her beautiful features carefully, trying to gauge her reaction to being back in Cape Elizabeth. He didn't want to push, but he was pretty sure she wasn't happy with life in New York.

"Come on," he said and led her towards a jeep parked near the corner of the building. It was a beautiful, new Jeep and he lifted her into the seat even though he didn't really need to. He just liked touching her and it had been a long time since she'd let him do anything more than simply kiss her goodnight.

"Thanks," she whispered, feeling his hands hesitate to move away from her waist. A part of her wanted him to keep his hands right where they were, warm against her skin. And then another part of her pulled back, too afraid of what she was feeling or the next surprise by this man. She turned quickly, facing forward so he didn't see the need his touch had ignited within her.

He smiled slightly, recognizing the signs but trying to go slowly. Instead of pressing the issue, he moved around to the driver's side. "We have an important stop to make before we do anything else," he told her and pulled out of the parking space.

Rachel watched his strong, competent hands on the steering wheel, fascinated by his fingers. She remembered the nights when those fingers touched her skin, exploring her body and driving her mad with need.

She sighed and pulled her eyes away from his hands, forcing her mind to think of something else. She couldn't trust him. She had no idea who he was and what he was like underneath the Emerson facade. He was a stranger. A fascinating, amazingly sexy and alluring stranger, but she could resist. She had to.

Portland, Maine wasn't nearly as densely inhabited as New York or even the Washington, D.C. area. It would take about forty minutes to get out of the airport in either of those metropolitan cities. But here, they spun out of the parking lot and were almost immediately on the highway into the city. They actually had left New York so early in the morning that they were now about to hit Portland's rush hour. But commuter traffic in Portland meant that there was probably someone in front of you and beside you, and most likely behind you, but one didn't need to slow down. She hadn't driven in New York but in Washington, D.C., if one wanted to drive from approximately three o'clock in the afternoon until after seven o'clock in the evening, they needed to be prepared to face a parking lot on just about any street or highway they ventured onto. The same went for the morning rush hour which lasted from six o'clock in the morning until after ten o'clock each day. It was horrible! Sometimes traffic jams even happened at lunch time or in the middle of the afternoon if one were on interstate sixty-six or ninety-five. Los Angeles traffic was famous for coming to a standstill, but that also happened around the beltway of Washington, D.C. It was miserable.

But in Portland? Despite the fact that people were moving around them, hurrying off to their jobs, they were still traveling at the posted speed limit, zipping along towards the downtown area. It was one of the beautiful things about this city. It was very metropolitan, but not so painfully crowded that a person had to adjust one's schedule based on traffic patterns.

Unfortunately, Emerson wasn't heading across the bridge to Cape Elizabeth. In fact, he was slowing down, heading towards the main street that edged the heart of the city. "What's going on?" she asked nervously when Emerson pulled into a parking lot that could hold no more than three or four cars and was located behind a crazy blue building with curious murals along the outside wall.

"Breakfast," he said and shut off the Jeep.

He came around to her side of the car and opened her door, waiting patiently for her to get out. "Why are we eating here?" she asked nervously but she slid out of the leather seat, prepared to follow him just like she'd done in New York.

"Because you've lost too much weight and the best place to start your next lesson is in The Holy Donut shop." He raised an eyebrow when she hesitated.

"Donuts?" she asked, trying to hide her horror. She was proud of the fact that she didn't cringe at the mention of the sugary treat but she really hated donuts. They were one of those desserts that promised so much but were always such a disappointment. "They aren't very nutritious. Why don't you grab what you want and I'll just..."

He took her hand and pulled her along behind him. "Come on. These aren't your normal donuts," he explained. "These are potato donuts. That makes them good for you."

She rolled her eyes, but he didn't see her since he was still dragging her along behind him. She could just grab a cup of coffee while he grabbed his precious donut, and the additional caffeine, which would help a lot. She hadn't been able to drink the cup he'd handed her earlier this morning since she'd been too nervous about the flight. Not to mention, she'd been living off of coffee for the past several weeks, trying to stay alert enough in all of the meetings while still maintaining the brutal schedule he'd set out for her "training".

They waited at the end of the long line and Rachel was surprised that so many people were here. It wasn't like the donut shop was on one of the main thoroughfares. It was definitely out of the way but people were buzzing around the quirky shop, laughing and devouring donuts and coffee. She didn't understand it. These were even cake donuts which she really despised because they were dry and crumbly. Ick, she thought but worked hard to keep her face blank.

"What'll I get for you today, Jack?" the man behind the counter asked.

"We need four of the Coffee Allen Brandy donuts and two large coffees," Emerson said to the friendly man behind the counter.

Less than thirty seconds later, he was walking away with a bag full of donuts and handing her one of the cups filled with coffee. "You can get milk and sugar over there," he told her but moved off to one of the tables that had just been vacated. "Grab some napkins while you're there," he called out to her.

She grabbed two napkins and poured milk and sugar into her coffee, then followed him to the table. She was just going to sit back and watch the other patrons in the store, but her eyes kept moving to Emerson's face. No matter how much she wanted to ignore him, she couldn't seem to do it.

And that was before she'd caught the look of ecstasy on his handsome features with almost every bite. "Why are you doing that?"

He shook his head, breaking off another piece of the donut. "Can't explain it," he replied and took another bite. He pushed the bag of donuts towards her, silently telling her to try one.

She was proud of how well she refrained from grimacing. "No thanks. I'm not a donut person."

He shrugged one of his massive shoulders and took the bag back. "You're loss," he told her and finished off the first one only to grab a second.

When he went through the whole process again, she couldn't resist trying the donut. She didn't realize it, but Emerson had stopped eating to watch her reaction. And he wasn't disappointed. She took just a small bite, not really interested. And then the taste hit her and her eyes widened. "I told you," he smirked.

Rachel was too amazed to be irritated by his comment. She took another, larger, bite, enjoying the moist taste of the donut. "What's in this?" she asked, using her fingers to break it apart, as if she might see some magical ingredient.

"Just what I told you several minutes ago. They add potatoes to their batter; it makes them more moist. And lots of sugar," he explained, winking when she blushed.

She leaned forward, digging into the donut and enjoying the experience. Not only was the donut moist and delicious, the frosting was...amazing! There was a sweetness to it, but the obvious taste of the brandy as well. She'd never tried anything quite so sweet and yet not overwhelming.

When he started to reach for the last donut, she smacked his hand away. "You bought that for me," she told him forcefully.

"Says who?" he countered, laughter lurking in his eyes.

She grabbed the bag and clasped it closer to her body while she finished off the first donut. "You said I'd lost too much weight. You've already had two so the last one is mine." If Nikki or Brianna could see her fighting over a donut, they would be holding their stomachs laughing.

Emerson also laughed outright at her logic but leaned back and watched her eat the rest of her donut, sipping his coffee. When she could only eat half of the second one, she placed it back into the bag and sighed happily. "Oh my, that was delicious. I'm sorry I doubted you."

He chuckled and started to reach for her second half but she smacked his hand away again, grabbing her donut bag and pulling it closer to her. "Not going to happen, macho man."

Emerson only chuckled and pulled her up out of the chair. "We need to keep moving. There's a lot to do today."

She cringed, wishing they could just take a day to relax. She wanted to figure things out, consider the consequences of telling him that she didn't want to do this anymore. But he never stopped, never slowed down. There was always something more to do, to analyze, to capitalize on.

She started to say something, not sure what might come out of her mouth. For the first time in several weeks, she spoke without thinking first. "Can't we just..."

"No. Come on," he said and took her hand to lead her out of the store. When he opened the Jeep's door for her, he looked down into her eyes. "Trust me?" he asked her gently.

Rachel gasped, so surprised by the softness in his eyes that she wasn't able to move for a long moment. It had been so long since she'd seen that look from him. And her heart sped up, beating rapidly just because of that look. Trust him? Did she dare?

She wasn't able to give him a response since a horn beeped behind them. She jumped and looked around, realizing that another customer was impatiently waiting for their parking spot. She looked down, then slipped into the car before she could change her mind. Something was different about Emerson today. She couldn't figure out what it was, but she felt compelled to follow him.

Not that she would trust him. She'd been made a fool once by his tricks; she wasn't going to put herself into that position again.

He drove through the streets of Portland confidently, occasionally turning right or left. But it was a small city and, within only a few minutes, he was pulling into the parking garage down by the harbor. "What are we doing here?" she asked warily. But something told her he wasn't going to give her a very good answer.

"We're getting on that ferry if you'll hurry up." He walked quickly around the Jeep and opened her door, holding her hand to help her down.

"And why are we getting on the ferry?" she asked carefully. A month ago, she would have curled her fingers around his and reveled in his touch. Now, she stepped down onto the pavement and pulled her hand away, not wanting to touch him. It was a double whammy now because his touch still inspired so much desire in her that it made her knees weak, but she was too afraid of who he was. Too concerned with getting hurt again.

"The ferry is the fastest way to get over to the island."

She sighed with fatigue and irritation. He wasn't going to tell her anything. "Fine," she practically snarled. "Lead the way." She wanted to add on "oh Master" but she kept the snarky response to herself. He would only chuckle at her irritation and that would increase her irascibility. So why let him make her angrier than she already was?

He stepped ahead of her in the ferry terminal and purchased two tickets, then put a hand to the small of her back to lead her onto the ferry that was already half filled with other tourists. The ferry cast off moments after they stepped onto the deck. "Want to go up on top?" he asked, carefully surveying her? "It might be chilly this time of the year."

"It isn't too cold now," she told him almost belligerently.

But did the man recognize her irritation? No! He only chuckled at her tone of voice. "Yes, it's warmer on land, but once we get out into the harbor, it's going to get chilly. Why don't we just stay down here where the windows will protect us from the harbor breeze?"

"You go ahead and stay down here," she replied, determined to get away from him. "I'll go up on deck."

She stepped out onto the upper deck and immediately breathed in the salty air of the harbor. The ferry wasn't fast, but it efficiently plowed its way through the harbor waters. At first, she enjoyed looking out at the various fishing and lobster boats that were out this early in the morning or catching sight of a harbor seal poking its sleek, dark head out of the water. But once the ferry had moved out of the smaller cove where it had been docked, the temperature dropped about ten degrees. A part of her said to go back inside where it was warmer, and admit that Emerson had been right and it was too cold out here to stay. But another side of her, the side that didn't want to give him anything, even the prestige of being right on something so minor, refused to admit that it was cold, and getting colder. Instead, she curled her arms around her legs and tucked her hands into the warm sleeves of the sweater he'd bought her. It was nice that the sweater also had a thick neckline so she could tuck her face into the warmth as well.

"You're going to freeze out here," Emerson said, putting his arms around her and bringing her close against his chest.

Rachel instantly felt warmer but she didn't want to tell him that. She was being ridiculously stubborn, but she was too tired, too cold and too hurt to give in.

It was only a twenty minute ride before the ferry pulled into the dock of the island. "What's out here?" she asked, squinting her eyes against the sunshine. It looked like just a bunch of very picturesque houses perched above the relatively large dock.

"It's an island."

She continued to stare, waiting for him to explain further. But when she only received silence, she turned to look up at him. "And the island has...?" she prompted, her eyes daring him to be evasive again.

He smiled ever so slightly, enchanted by her challenge. He'd missed how cute she could be when miffed. "Pretty houses, great views, a restaurant that serves awesome seafood and great beer." He walked forward off of the ferry, leaving Rachel staring at his broad shoulders with deepening confusion.

She slumped as she contemplated staying right here on the ferry. It wouldn't be a horrible fate to simply ride back and forth across the harbor for the rest of the day. But in the end, the allure of being with Emerson, even though she didn't really want to "be" with him, was too strong.

"Great. More beer," she muttered under her breath, but started following him. She didn't get it. What was going on? This was such a complete diversion from their normal days, she couldn't figure anything out.

He turned left at the top of the hill and Rachel hurried to catch up to him. "Emerson, what's going on? Why are we here? Is there some company you're interviewing? Is there a startup that needs investment money?"

He stopped at a shop that had probably a hundred bikes all lined up as well as helmets hanging on the back of a wide, barn-like door. The sunshine felt good, paired with the cooler breeze that came up off the water. She squinted her eyes at him, trying to understand what he was doing here today.

"Two bikes," he said to the guy who stepped forward. While Emerson dealt with the paperwork and paid for the bike rentals, Rachel shifted from one foot to the other, irritated that he wouldn't answer her questions. She wanted to throw something at those impossibly broad shoulders but she didn't have anything handy.

When he came up to her, he plunked a bike helmet on her head. "Choose whatever bike you'd like," he said, then moved off to select one for himself.

Rachel sighed and took off the helmet. "Emerson, what's going on?" she demanded angrily.

He stepped onto one of the larger bikes and pedaled over to her. "This is called Pine Island. There isn't much on it but houses and a few restaurants. As for what we're going to do? We're going for a bike ride. It isn't a big mystery, Rachel. We're going to take a tour of the island, then stop at that little restaurant about a block away," he said, pointing to a shop that looked closed at the moment. "We're going to drink a beer, stare out at the harbor, watch the other ships pass by, eat flounder and calamari, maybe drink a few more beers. Then a surprise."

Rachel wasn't sure she liked surprises anymore. Not when Emerson was around. He had a knack for knowing things she didn't and it always surprised her. She didn't like that anymore. "So we're just going for a bike ride?"

"That's all. Why don't you get that red one there?" he suggested, still hiding behind his sunglasses.

She looked over at the red bike and shrugged her shoulders, resigned to going along with whatever his plan was until he decided to reveal his next lesson. "I suppose it's the same as any other bike around."

She stepped onto the bike and strapped her helmet underneath her chin. "Aren't you going to wear a helmet?" she asked.

She saw the dark eyebrow pop up over his sunglasses. "It might emasculate me," he told her and then shot off down the road.

Rachel stared at him for a moment before she burst out laughing. "Probably not," she grumbled with a smile, and then shot forward, following behind him. She didn't have to pedal hard to catch up to him and since it was such a lovely day, she decided to stop trying to figure out what he was doing or why they were here. If he wasn't going to elaborate, she would simply enjoy the morning. It was just slightly cool, a little chillier as they pedaled, but the sky was a bright blue with only a few fluffy clouds to get in the way of the sunshine. And Emerson hadn't lied about the pretty island. The views were incredible, the gingerbread houses were tucked back into the wild, natural vegetation, the craggy, rocky shore was sometimes covered with the seaweed and she could even see another lighthouse in the distance.

They wound their way through the streets of Pine Island and she took in deep breaths of the cool, sea filled air. It was a lovely morning, made only slightly harder since she hadn't had a healthy breakfast. But as she pedaled up and down the almost vacant streets, a smile starting to form on her face. This was incredibly relaxing. She'd missed this kind of activity so much in New York.

By the time they had meandered their way around the island, the restaurant Emerson had pointed out earlier was open. And Rachel was starving! She couldn't believe such a leisurely ride could increase her appetite so dramatically even after devouring one and a half donuts.

"Hungry?" he asked.

Instead of just admitting it, she shrugged her shoulders. "If you are," she said, not daring to look at him. Surely he would see the lie in her face. He always seemed to know what she was feeling and it was disconcerting.

He chuckled and put his arm around her shoulders, leading her towards the brown building that housed the restaurant. "You're hungry," he told her and she wanted to punch him in the side for being so observant. Couldn't he miss something once in a while?

They were the first customers to the restaurant so they had their pick of tables. "We'll sit outside," Emerson told the hostess. Rachel was irritated with the starry eyed look the woman gave him and shoved away from his side to find her way out onto the deck. It was very pretty, but she was miffed that the woman had tried to entice Emerson. He'd had his arm around her shoulder! What was she thinking?

"I didn't encourage her," he said, taking the chair opposite her.

"You didn't discourage her either," she told him, picking up the menu and hiding her face behind the paper.

"Are you jealous?"

"Absolutely not!" she snapped, the menu falling onto the table. "If you want to hit on every woman we come across, go for it. It's none of my business. We finished as soon as I found out you weren't who you portrayed yourself to be."

"And is that the only issue you have with our relationship?"

She shifted in her chair, still so angry and hurt she could barely keep the tears at bay. "You made a fool of me," she said softly, hating the fact that her chin started to quiver.

He leaned back in his chair and shook his head. "I didn't make a fool of you. I'm known as Jack in this area. Everyone calls me that."

It was a valid point, but she'd been very clear about her intentions from the first moment they'd met. Okay, well, not from the very first moment. She'd been too obsessed with his magnificent chest to state her objective clearly. Any woman would be excused from that issue if they'd been in the same situation. Her chin went up a notch defensively. "But you knew from the very first moment we met that I was looking for Emerson Watson!" she hissed.

The waitress arrived at that moment and Rachel was doubly irritated that it was the same woman who had been acting as the hostess. Apparently, they cut back on staff until more customers arrived and everyone pulled double duty.

Emerson seemed completely oblivious to Rachel's irritation. He was looking at the menu and giving his order to the young, blond woman. "We'll have the sampler platter and two beers." He named some brand of beer she'd never heard of, nor did she even care about. Though somewhat mollified because he completely ignored the waitress' come hither glance, she was still too hurt that he was oblivious to why she was angry with him. Even after all this time, he still didn't get it.

Thankfully, the waitress didn't have any reason to linger and flirt, so she quickly left the sun-filled deck area. There were no other customers around them, although Rachel saw the ferry making its way back across the harbor, probably bringing more guests to the island.

When they were alone again, he leaned back against the black, metal chairs and surveyed her in the sunshine, finally answering her question. "You wanted the experience. You got the experience. What more do you want from me?"

She huffed and crossed her arms over her chest. "Nothing. Just tell me what to do as your latest trainee and I'll be happy to oblige. If the training is finished, then I'll go on my merry way and we'll never see each other again."

There was no way in hell he was going to let that happen. Not without a fight at least. "We're not finished," he growled. "You have so much more to learn."

Their beers arrived at that point and the waitress heard, and obviously felt, the tension at the table. She quickly put the drinks down in front of each of them and moved back into the main restaurant.

Rachel ignored her beer and glared across the table at him. She'd put her confusion aside during the bike ride, but she simply wasn't the kind of person who could go around without a purpose. "You never explained why we're here."

"You're right. You're going to have to figure that one out for yourself," he came back at her. "And for the record, what if I didn't like being hunted for my knowledge when we first met? What if I'd spotted a beautiful woman and I wanted to get to know her without my infamous reputation to impede our conversations?"

He was probably justified in the "hunting" term, but she wasn't giving in. She was too hungry and too hurt to be fair at the moment. "You still should have told me who you were."

"Possibly. Or maybe I wanted to get to know that woman without the reputation muddying up the introductions. Maybe I wanted said beautiful woman to look at me as a man, not as the person who could be her next boss."

She couldn't argue with that statement so she picked up her beer and took a sip. The fact that she was actually starting to enjoy beer only irritated her further and she came up with another argument against him.

"So are you saying that..."

Their food arrived at that point and she halted her statement until the fussy woman moved away. There was already vinegar and ketchup on the table so there wasn't any reason for the pretty blonde, who didn't look like she was even over twenty years old, to come back to the table.

Emerson squeezed the ketchup bottle while she grabbed the vinegar, marinating the French fries with vinegar. "What were you about to say?" he prompted.

"You're saying that the man underneath the reputation wouldn't have come out? Are you saying you're so weak without the reputation that I wouldn't have gotten to know the 'Jack' side of you if you'd been honest with me up front?"

He made a rude noise and looked at her patiently. "What part of me would you classify as weak?" he demanded of her, taking one of her vinegar saturated fries and dipping it in his ketchup.

She blushed with his question and had to acknowledge that there really wasn't a weak bone in his body. Or even mentally. He was fair and tough, hard on those who were mentally lazy and generous with those who had what it took to make it in the business. She couldn't fault his work ethic. She just faulted the way he'd treated her.

And physically? No, there wasn't anything weak about him physically. He had muscles everywhere. And she knew that for a fact, thinking about all the times she'd explored all those delicious muscles.

"You're twisting the issue," she accused and stabbed a fried calamari ring with her fork, dipping it into the marinara sauce. When she'd finished chewing the delicious bite, she used her fork to point at him. "And don't even try to bring sex back into this argument."

She couldn't see it, but she knew that he was rolling his eyes behind those dark glasses. "God forbid we bring sex back into the relationship."

"Exactly."

He snorted and took a bite of fried flounder. "But it will be," he told her firmly.

She stiffened, instantly worried. "No. We're done with that."

He didn't respond immediately, but watched her nibble on a fry. "Think so?" he asked ominously.

She held her breath for a long moment, then shook her head. The man terrified her in that area. She knew how many nights she'd longed for him to just come to her room and take her into his arm to make love to her. She'd missed that so much. But she didn't want the Emerson. She shouldn't want the Jack side of him either. But she did.

If only...

No, there was no reason to come up with a list of "if only" thoughts. It was an unproductive exercise.

"Look, we tried, it didn't work out. Let's just..." she couldn't finish that statement because it hurt to even say the words.

"We're not over," he told her firmly and stabbed a shrimp. "You just need to see the other side."

She stole her own shrimp, chewing while contemplating his words. "What's the other side you keep referring to?" she asked with irritation.

He slowly shook his head and took the last piece of calamari. "You're going to have to learn it. I can't explain it. Just like everything else I've taught you over the past month, experience is the best teacher." He stabbed the last calamari, earning another glare from across the table.

"So you're a calamari thief and uninformative." She shrugged her shoulder. "Are there any redeeming qualities in you?"

He chuckled again. "I think I can figure out how to remind you of a few of my redeeming qualities." He took another fry. "As for a calamari thief, I won't accept that label. If you're too slow to grab what you want, then I'm not going to sit back and wait. That should have been something you learned early on in this whole endeavor."

Her lips compressed because he was right. He'd taught her to grab what she wanted, to know what it was and reach for it before anyone else might steal it away from her. He'd also taught her the skills to research things carefully - to evaluate the pros and cons. In doing so, she would discover the strengths and weaknesses, both in what was being desired and in herself if she obtained whatever it was she was aiming for. "Fine. I'll just sit back and try to wait. Since you're not going to tell me what's going on or why we're here, then I'll just sit back and relax."

"Exactly," he said and stole the last piece of shrimp. He changed the subject at that point, asking her questions about one of the companies she'd been investigating. As they finished off the platter of fried seafood, they argued back and forth about the various company pitches they'd listened to over the past few days. With the sun shining down on her head and the marvelously fresh air, the argument with him was much more lively and informative, almost humorous this time. It was much better out here in the open versus being cooped up in the conference rooms or offices of his Manhattan headquarters. Everyone there was tense and speeding down the hallways, working at top speed in order to get the best deal in place which would make them the next deal. Everyone was trying to break the record for the highest profiting deal. But she'd looked at those figures, wanting to achieve that goal herself initially. All of the top ten deals had been put together by Emerson. He was a genius at finding what might be profitable and bringing the parts together. As she'd worked beside him, absorbing everything she could, she knew that she'd never achieve the kind of insight he'd obtained. He had years of experience and even if she were to reach his level of expertise, she'd still be behind him.

As they walked out of the restaurant, she realized something important. She'd stopped even wanting to top his profit records! When had that happened?

She suddenly realized that two weeks ago, she'd simply wanted to survive as his trainee. She'd stopped caring about winning and wanted only to get through it, to prove to herself that she could do the job. Well, since she was being perfectly honest with herself, she wanted to prove to him that she could do it too. But at some point, being the top earner hadn't seemed so important.

They walked down the sidewalk and she felt awkward, remembering when they would walk down the street and he would hold her hand, they would laugh about one thing or another, argue with each other while chuckling at the other's point of view. It had been nice and she missed it a lot.

"This is our last stop before we get back on the ferry," he told her, putting a hand to the small of her back to guide her into a yellow store.

She looked around, cringing at all the candy and kid paraphernalia. "I don't want any candy," she said, trying to keep her expression bland.

"Good. Because you're going to get some ice cream."

She groaned, almost painfully full from the meal she'd just consumed. Perhaps if she hadn't been arguing with him so forcefully, she might have thought to slow down, but probably not because the food had been incredibly delicious. "I don't think I can eat anything else," she told him. "The donuts and the fried food from lunch was too much."

Emerson had noticed how much she'd eaten and he knew she needed the calories. Hell, she'd probably eaten more today than she had in the entire last week combined! He suspected that her ribs were showing by now. And he intended to find out. Soon! "Hey Joe," he greeted the big, bearded guy behind the counter.

Joe turned around, his face revealing his surprise. "What are you doing out here, Jack? I thought you were holed up in your fancy New York place lately."

Emerson chuckled. "I'm taking a long weekend to show the lady around."

Joe looked down at Rachel, smiling with his ruddy cheeks. "You're going to love the island," he told her. "What'll you have today?"

"The usual," Emerson told him.

"Nothing for me," Rachel spoke up.

Emerson shook his head. To Joe he said, "Give her a taste of the blueberry."

Joe quickly turned around and a moment later, he handed Rachel a small spoon filled with a purple colored ice cream.

She took it warily, not sure if she could eat another bite.

"Try it," Emerson encouraged with a knowing look in his eyes. "You'll never get better blueberries than in Maine."

She tasted the sample and waited. When the flavor hit her, her eyes widened and she ate the rest of the ice cream sample. "Oh my!" she gasped in a hushed whisper. "That's amazing!"

Emerson nodded and turned back to Joe. "Two please, Joe."

Joe chuckled and nodded before turning back to the ice cream bin. He came back a moment later with two cones that were filled to overflowing with the purple ice cream. Emerson slapped a ten dollar bill on the counter, then waved as he took the first bite of the ice cream, ushering her out of the shop while saying goodbye and thanks to Joe.

For her part, Rachel had no idea where they were going. All she could concentrate on was nibbling at the delicious, creamy blueberry ice cream. Emerson led her back down the hill where the ferry boat was off-loading passengers, having just docked one more time. Apparently, the ferry moved back and forth over the harbor constantly throughout the day and night. She took a seat at the front of the boat and concentrated only on enjoying the incredibly rich ice cream. She was very aware of Emerson sitting next to her, but this time, she didn't even mind that his leg was against hers, or that his arm moved around her shoulders, resting on the back of the seat.

She couldn't believe it, but by the time the ship was halfway across the harbor, she'd finished the entire ice cream cone. "Oh my! That was wonderful," she sighed contentedly, sliding down against the seat and leaning her head back against his arm. She was so relaxed from the fried food and sugar, not to mention the two beers she'd enjoyed during their lunch time argument, plus the exercise, the sunshine and the lack of sleep over the past several days. "What are you going to feed me next?" she joked and then stiffened, realizing too late that she was supposed to be mad at him.

But it was hard to stay mad at a man who made her laugh. Not to mention made her feel a lot of other things which were much more disturbing.

She shifted on the hard, plastic-like seat, putting more space between the two of them. When she looked up at him, she blushed because he knew exactly what she was feeling. Time seemed to stand still as she looked at him, breathless and hyperaware of him as a man. A man who knew her body intimately and thoroughly. He'd brought her to the heights of pleasure so many times and she quivered with the effort it took to not throw herself into his arms and forget about all the pain and humiliation she'd endured at his betrayal.

Thankfully, the boat was coming into the dock once again and she took a deep breath. The boat's horn brought her back, focusing her again on what was important. Surviving with whatever pride she had left after everything was finished between them.

"Come," he said, taking her hand in his large one and tugging her along down the gangplank. "We're not done today," he said.

She had no idea what would be next and she was wide awake now with his warm hand holding hers. She pretended, to both herself and to him, that she wasn't affected by his touch. But as soon as he let go so she could get back into his Jeep, she knew she was lying.

They drove down to the marina this time and Rachel couldn't stop the eagerness that sprang to life at the idea of sailing once again. It had been warmer the last time, but she'd loved every moment of it. "Sailing?" she asked, trying unsuccessfully to hide her excitement.

Emerson looked at her carefully, trying to figure out the best way to explain his next lie. "We're going sailing, yes. But not on the small sailboat we were on last time."

Rachel smiled brightly, more than eager to try out anything as long as she could feel the breeze on her face, the gentle waves that carried the boat away from the shore and enjoy the amazing sights of the coast from the water. "That's no problem," she told him, jumping out of the Jeep, already walking down the dock to where they'd boarded his boat the last time.

Emerson watched for a moment, hoping she wouldn't be too angry with him now. He enjoyed the gentle sway of her hips even though the sight made his body ache with need to hold her again, to be buried in her heat and hear those soft sighs of contentment after he'd pleasured her thoroughly. Damn, he wished this wasn't so complicated.

When she started down the dock that would lead her to the smaller sailboat they'd taken out the last time, he grabbed her hand and led her in the opposite direction. "We're taking another one today."

She was instantly wary and pulled back, shaking her head when he turned back to face her. "No. I want to go on the one we went out on last time."

He moved closer, his hand coming up to pull a wisp of hair away from her face. "I think you'll like this one as well," he said.

She instantly shook her head. There was a warning in his eyes, something that told her that this was another revelation that would only infuriate her again. She wasn't angry right now. She was too filled with food, sugar and beer to be angry. There was a pleasant lethargy that she didn't want to lose by finding out something important about Emerson Jackson. "No. I'm pretty sure that I won't."

"Why are you so sure?" he asked gently, trying to figure her out.

She pulled back slightly. "Because it's probably some huge honkin' sailboat that will look crazy expensive and won't be nearly as fun to ride on as what we sailed the last time."

He chuckled at her derogatory description. "The smaller sailboat is fine for the harbor, but we're going out to the ocean. We need the larger ship for this."

Her mouth dropped open when he said that. "Ship?" she whispered.

He shrugged. "Well, it's a bit bigger," he explained.

"How much bigger?" Her eyes moved to a place behind him and she instantly shook her head. "No. Please tell me that's not your boat," she begged.

He caught the tears that sprang to her eyes and he felt horrible that she didn't like it. He loved sailing and was out on the water as often as possible. And he definitely wanted to share this experience with her. "It's sea-worthy," he promised her. "And I think you'll like it once you give it a try. It's much more comfortable than the small sailboat."

The size wasn't really the issue. It was the same as his ginormous penthouse and those stuffy limousines along with all the staff that were representative of his wealth. "But it's too big." She tugged at her hand, trying to break free so she didn't have to confront one more example of how wealthy he was. Not only did it intimidate her, it reminded her of all the lies and how humiliated she'd felt when she'd discovered who he was.

"It isn't too big. Will you trust me?"

"No." She was being petulant and couldn't stop herself. Nor did she care. She was too tired anyway to have the energy to be fair about his sailboat.

He laughed outright this time. "You're going to have to," he countered. "You need to relax and there's nothing better than enjoying the afternoon sunshine on the deck of a sailboat."

"A hammock," she argued. "I could just relax in a hammock."

"I don't have a hammock," he told her, leading her gently but relentlessly down the gangway without letting her go.

She tried to pry her hands away but he wasn't allowing it. "I'm not getting on that boat, Emerson."

"Call me Jack. Everyone here calls me Jack."

She shook her head, refusing to play that same game again. "But you're Emerson to me now."

By the time she'd said the words, they were at the deck of the sailboat. "How about a drink?" he asked her.

"I don't want anything else to drink," she said with irritation. There were people on the docks that were already casting off, throwing the ropes onto the boat and she gripped the railing behind her. "I want to go home." She probably sounded peevish, but she was too tired and irritated to care.

He laughed and chucked her teasingly under the chin. "You're cute when you're at your wit's end, love." He pulled her into his arms and hugged her, kissing her neck and causing shivers to shoot out in every direction. "Why don't you go relax while we cast off?"

"We?" she asked, worried as she looked around. There were about four staff members in white uniforms that were hurrying about, pulling in ropes and neatly tying them up before they were tucked away.

She had no idea what to do since the only other time she'd been on a sailboat was when she'd gone out with Emerson the first time. So while he walked away and started cranking different winches to hoist the sails. She stood back and stared at all of it, admiring the strength in his arms and shoulders and his skill at sailing. No one needed to tell anyone what to do. Everyone seemed to have a job and they seemed to just do it instinctively.

So instead of getting in the way, she stepped off of the main pathway and curled up on one of the huge cushions at the front, letting the wind whip her hair about, wrapping her arms around her legs to ward off the cooler temperatures of the open harbor.

No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep her eyes off of him. Emerson wasn't beautiful in the traditional sense. But he had that hard physique that was almost musical as he moved about. Every step was efficient, calculated. His eyes knew where to look and his hands and feet carried him about the ship as if he were born here. She could tell that he loved sailing when they left the Portland harbor and he released the main sail which quickly billowed out with the wind. The smile on his face and the satisfaction that transformed the tension in his shoulders to relaxation proved that he was at home here on the water, on this boat.

He'd been very competent on the smaller sailboat too. Why had he done that? Why hadn't he just taken her out on this boat? Why had he created such an elaborate ruse?

For better or worse, the heavy food, the potent beer plus the sunshine and the rhythmic swaying of the boat over the ocean currents caused her fatigue to quickly catch up with her. When the engines cut off, the sails took over and she swayed to the gentle rocking of the boat as it cut through the water, skimming the surface. The farther out to sea they went, the higher the waves. None were dangerous, but they definitely created a soothing, swaying sensation that lulled the tension out of her body. Before she knew what was happening, she was lying on the large, flat cushions, her eyes were closing and, a moment later, she was sound asleep.

Emerson watched her for a long time while the others worked around him. He enjoyed her peaceful expression, remembered watching her in her sleep over a month ago. He missed her. Painfully. But he knew he would do it all over again. She'd had to know that she wasn't cut out for the life on Wall Street. And now he knew he could show her that there were ways to be just as successful off of Wall Street. That's what the next week would be about, if he could keep her from running away from him. A big "if" in his mind.

Chapter 6

Rachel woke up and looked around, startled to find the sunshine warm on her cheek. It was an amazingly gorgeous day and she stretched, feeling better than she had in weeks. Her feet didn't ache from long hours in painfully high heeled shoes, she wasn't starving or hyped up on caffeine from multiple cups of coffee. But the best part, she didn't feel like her eyes were filled with sandpaper from fatigue.

She rolled onto her side, staring out at the horizon. Maine had some pretty gorgeous weather, but it wasn't always this bright and sunny. She could see for miles.

Her eyes looked down, hoping to see a harbor seal but what caught her eye simply wasn't possible. She focused once again, thinking that her eyes were more tired than she'd thought. And when she blinked and looked again, she couldn't help the scream that came out of her. She was already screaming before her mind told her to scream and she jumped up on the cushions, not sure what to do.

Emerson heard the scream and was instantly on his feet, racing towards the front of the boat where Rachel had fallen asleep. He and his crew had been at the back of the sailboat playing cards, joking around and generally just relaxing until she woke up. He'd wanted her to sleep for as long as possible, knowing that she needed the rest.

He was leaping over deck chairs and pulleys, determined to get to her as fast as possible. When he found her on top of the cushions, right where he'd left her, the blanket pooled around her feet, he jumped up and grabbed her into his arms. He heard the rest of the crew scrambling to catch up to him, but he didn't pay any attention to them, needing to hold her and find out what was wrong.

"Rachel, I'm here. Just tell me what's going on, honey. What's wrong?"

Rachel wrapped her arms around his neck and held on for dear life, not sure she hadn't been dreaming the monster on the side of the boat. "There's something over there," she said. "It's huge. And it looks..." She shook her head, burying her face in his warm neck. "It's just not right!" she hiccupped.

Emerson nodded to one of his crew members, indicating that he should investigate. But as soon as the guy came back with a smile on his face, Emerson relaxed, knowing that everything was okay.

"It's a sunfish," the guy explained. "A big one, and it looks like it's been hurt a few times." The guy shook his head, trying to hide his amusement. "I can understand why that would be a bit frightening."

Emerson kept his arm around her back, holding her close to him while he too tried to contain his amusement. "Rachel, I'm sorry, honey. A sunfish is pretty big and it looks scary, but it won't hurt you."

She pulled back and looked up at him, still shaking as she tried to assimilate his words. "A sunfish?"

He nodded his head, his hand against her shoulder so she would still feel secure. "They're big and not very pretty. What makes them look even funnier is they are so slow and like to sun themselves on the surface so boats hit them, scraping them up. Their normally terrifying profiles are made worse by the scrapes and deformities caused by unobservant boaters."

She laid her forehead down on his shoulder, wishing she hadn't been so crazy about her reaction. "So I made a fool of myself again," she sighed, wishing she could just hide somewhere.

He laughed - a deep, husky sound that made her feel intensely better for some reason. "Not a fool, honey. Just a normal reaction to something unknown. The first time I saw one, I had almost the same reaction."

She looked up at him, her eyes telling him that she didn't believe him for a moment. "It's true," he asserted. "I might not have been as vocal, but they're not the most handsome creatures found at sea."

She still didn't believe him, but it made her feel better that he was trying to soothe her pride. "I guess I overreacted a bit."

dpgroup ;)

He hugged her close. "Not at all. And I'm glad you slept for so long."

"What time is it?" she asked, feeling warm and comfortable in his arms, she didn't want to pull away. She knew she should, but something wouldn't let her.

"It's almost five o'clock," he replied.

With a sigh of resignation, she pulled out of his arms, relieved that he allowed her the space. "Shouldn't we be getting back? I need to find a hotel room if we're staying here for very long."

Emerson glared down at her, his arms crossed over his chest. "There's no way you're staying in a hotel, Rachel. Just get it out of your mind."

She almost laughed out loud, feeling good that she'd finally gotten to him. All those soft, warm feelings she'd had a moment ago about him were now gone and she was firmly back in control of herself. "Emerson, there's no way I'm staying at your place."

"You've been living with me for the past four weeks. What's different now?"

She threw her hands up in the air, exasperated. "Everything is different!" she said as if that were obvious. "We're not going to be a couple," she stated firmly. "I don't trust you and I don't even know who you are. So no, I'm not staying at your place. I don't care if you have a bazillion guest rooms, I'm staying at a hotel."

He bent down lower to emphasize his point. "You're not staying in a hotel, Rachel. You'll be staying at my place. Preferably in my bed but otherwise, in my house, in one of my other beds and I will take care of you."

"I can take care of myself!" she snapped back at him.

"Really? Like you've been doing for the past month?"

"That was different!"

"There's no difference!" He didn't yell, but his voice was menacing, unequivocal.

She couldn't believe what he was saying. "First of all, I stayed at your place in New York because I didn't have the time to find any other place to live. And secondly, I still have no idea what we're doing here except sleeping and making our way through all the local restaurants, eating whatever you think I need to try next. So this doesn't seem like a business situation so therefore, I'm getting a hotel room."

She thought he would come back with something else, but he was silent. She glared up at him, trying to anticipate his next move. But he just smiled enigmatically.

"Say something," she growled, irritated beyond words now.

"We'll see," was all he said.

With that, he turned around and headed to the crew members who had all shifted to the back of the boat. Within moments, everyone was once again moving about the decks efficiently. The sails were hoisted, the anchor lifted and the boat was cutting through the water, back towards the shoreline.

Rachel grumbled as she sat there, trying to keep her eyes off of Emerson, but she had to remind herself several times not to watch him. In the end, she gave up trying and leaned back onto one of the cushions and allowed her eyes to drink in all of him while she mentally developed a way to slip out of his house tonight.

Back in the harbor, the crew speedily worked to get the boat packed and the sails stored, locking up the gear while Emerson took Rachel's hand and led her back to the Jeep. "What would you like for dinner?" he asked.

She stood beside the Jeep, biting her lower lip. "I'm going to catch a cab and find a hotel. I'll grab something for dinner on my own and I'll meet you in the morning to work." She even started to turn away, got several feet towards the exit before she felt his arm wrap around her. He lifted her into his arms and carried her right back to the Jeep. Pressing her back against the Jeep, he shifted so their bodies were plastered together.

Rachel gasped, her hips instantly remembering what it was like to be in this position, wanting more. "Let me go," she whispered, trying to sound firm but knew that it was more of a whimper.

"I can't," he came right back and covered her mouth with his. He was relentless, possessing her mouth, demanding a response. And she was too weak to deny him. She couldn't stop the throbbing that instantly started up in her body, low in her stomach. Nor could she stop her legs from wrapping around his waist, pressing her softness more firmly against him and moaning with the impact.

When she couldn't resist him, when he felt her body soften against his, he lifted his head and looked down at her. "You're mine," he told her angrily.

She inhaled, trying to get oxygen to her starving lungs, but she didn't have a response. So when he opened the Jeep's door with his hand and plunked her down into the passenger seat, she couldn't move for a long moment, still too stunned by how much she wanted him to continue.

By the time she'd gotten her mind into even partial working order, he was already driving down the street, crossing over the curving bridge from Portland to Cape Elizabeth. Again, the commuter traffic was so different from what she was used to, it took her several minutes to realize that the people in the vehicles surrounding them were people rushing home to their families from work.

He pulled the Jeep into a strange driveway, one she'd never seen before and as the gravel road twisted and turned, they suddenly came upon the beautiful house she'd visited the first day. Her mouth dropped open as she stared at the lovely house, irritated by how easy it was to access the house. "You couldn't have told me about this driveway the last time?" she demanded, glaring at him in the dim light of the setting sun.

He chuckled and jumped out of the Jeep. "If I had, I never would have seen you in those red shoes," he came right back.

Rachel knew he had a point, but those shoes had been trashed when she'd gotten back to Washington after that weekend. Walking two miles in three inch heels was not good for either the feet or shoes. "You're just digging yourself in deeper," she grumbled.

She got out of the car, but didn't go inside. He laughed softly at her stubbornness. "Rachel, I know you want to see the inside of this house," he called out to her as she marched down the other side of the Jeep, finding the gravel drive that would lead back to the cottage.

She just continued walking, ignoring him completely. There was no way she was going into that house with him, she told herself. She'd loved their cottage, had spent some great moments in it and she wasn't going to sleep with him tonight.

"Rachel, there's no heat in the cottage," he told her, almost laughing at how stubborn she was being. But he understood her point. She was mad. She probably perceived this as more subterfuge and she might even think he was trying to control her. That last point might be accurate, but he still wasn't going to let her sleep in the cottage. He'd had her under his roof for the past several weeks. He'd grown used to knowing she was close by.

Of course, if she were in his bed, that would be even better. He smiled in anticipation. He also knew that Molly had made her famous chili and corn bread for dinner. He'd texted her last night letting her know that he was bringing Rachel back and this was Molly's attempt to help him win her over. Her chili really was that good.

"Will you please come inside and have some dinner? I know Molly made something special for our return."

Rachel bristled with that statement. "You mean she made something special for your return. It had nothing to do with me."

He was already shaking his head by the time she was halfway through with that comment. "Not true. Molly really likes you. In fact, at the risk of making things worse, she's playing cupid tonight."

That really caused her to be concerned. "What? Some sort of candlelight dinner? That's not going to work on me. I'm still really hurt and angry by what you did."

He smothered a chuckle at the idea of Molly making a candlelight meal. "No candles, no romantic music. She made chili," he stated.

Rachel blinked and stopped, turning back to look up at him as if he'd grown a second head. "Chili?"

Emerson laughed out loud at her expression, walking to stand in front of her again, unable to contain his amusement. He couldn't help it, she looked too cute. "Yes, chili. It's Molly's famous chili and it takes her all day to make. It's pretty extraordinary and has won several awards although I suspect she never really makes it the same way every time. I've watched her make it. She just throws things in, tastes a bit, then throws something else in."

Rachel loved the image of the gruff Molly trying to play cupid by making a cold weather, spicy meal. "I really don't want to have dinner with you."

He sighed and gently took hold of her hands. "Rachel, we've been eating almost every meal together for the past month. I don't think I'll be able to eat anything if you're not sitting across from me arguing about something."

"That's your problem," she declared, wanting to pull back, but her feet weren't obeying her commands to run. "You kept finding problems with all of the research I'd done."

"That was all part of my training. I promise, I didn't treat you any differently than I did my other interns. All of whom you've met, by the way."

"I have?" she asked, stumped by that statement. "Why haven't they gone off and started their own companies?"

There was silence for a long moment while he looked down into her green eyes. "Is that what you were planning to do?" he asked carefully.

She couldn't lie to him. There had been too many misunderstandings between them. "Yes. That was my original goal. I wanted complete control of my fate. The idea of listening to someone else tell me what to do all the time wasn't in my long term plans."

He released one of her hands, but retained the other one and tucked it on his arm, walking forward towards the house. "So if I were to help you start your own business now, with the information that you currently have, what kind of business would that be?"

Okay, that question came out of left field. She was only vaguely aware of walking into the brightly lit house with all of the windows looking out onto the ocean. The stars were starting to come out and twinkle in the distance and a lighthouse flashed its light rhythmically.

"I don't know."

He'd gotten her up the stone stairway to the front door, pulling her inside. "Why not? Isn't there something you've always wanted to do?"

The thought of refinishing antiques popped into her mind, a dream she'd always had since she'd been a child. But it was a risky business, not one she was willing to put her future into. "I..."

He halted just inside the door and turned to face her. "Stop right there, Rachel. What were you going to say before you stopped? There was something on your mind but you rejected the idea."

She shook her head and straightened, not willing to let him know about her silly dream. Refinishing furniture was a ridiculous pipe dream! "Nothing. I haven't had a chance to think about what I'd like to do in so long. Especially since I've been trying to keep up with you."

He sighed and took back her hand, leading her into the kitchen where he found two bowls sitting beside a crockpot of chili. "You're not being honest with me, Rachel. But that's okay. You don't trust me but I can wait. Eventually, you'll tell me what I want to know."

She accepted the glass of red wine that he handed to her, taking a sip so she could hide her face behind the large globe. He was right. This was all a matter of trust. And she simply didn't trust him.

"What's in the chili?" she asked, trying to change the subject.

He ladled a heaping portion into one of the bowls and handed it to her. "I have no idea. Molly won't let me see everything she adds. She thinks I'm going to steal her recipe."

Rachel laughed but it was more at the idea of Emerson actually cooking. "I can't imagine you standing at the counter chopping things up for a meal."

"I can cook," he said, pretending to be offended. "I boil a mean pot of water."

She laughed again but sat down next to him on the big, leather sofa, slipping her tennis shoes off and curling her feet underneath her.

As soon as the laughter died away, an awkward silence descended between the two of them.

"You haven't tried your chili," he prompted.

Rachel stirred the rich stew, feeling slightly ill and ill at ease. "Weeks ago," she started off, wanting to figure out what was swarming around in her head, needing to tell him what she'd been thinking today. Well, and for the past several weeks, "before all this...," she wasn't sure how to keep going.

"Before I took you to New York City and gave you the thing you thought you always wanted?" he prompted, taking a bite of the spicy chili.

She rested the bowl on her legs. "Well, yes." Thinking back, she realized that she'd been pretty harsh about the whole situation. "I'm sorry," she finally said. "I was scared."

He stopped eating and looked at her. Waiting for her to continue but when she sat beside him, fighting some internal battle, he reached out and touched her cheek. "What were you afraid of Rachel?" he asked gently.

She took a deep breath, realizing how nervous just her breath sounded. "You." She didn't sugar coat it this time. "You terrified me."

"Why?"

"Because you made me feel things I didn't want to feel. You made me want something that I didn't think was right."

Rachel wanted to continue, but she felt so miserable. And confused. And she'd been confused for so long, she was sick of it. She was tired of everything lately.

She looked up, prepared to tell him all of it. She wasn't sure she trusted him, but he deserved to hear the truth. "Here's the thing," she started off, looking directly at him. "I didn't like my old job. I kept thinking it wasn't enough. I thought that, if I could only make it to the Wall Street gang, I'd love it. I'd feel like I'd finally made it."

"And when you were there?" he asked her tenderly.

She looked down, then stiffened her spine and shook her hair off her shoulders. "I hated it. I kept waiting for that thrill of success to arrive, to get some feeling of accomplishment. To know that this was genuinely where I was supposed to be."

"But it never came, did it?"

She sighed and shook her head. "Never. All I ever felt was exhaustion."

"I know."

She laughed harshly. "You don't know!" she exclaimed. "You fit in that world. You knew exactly how to play the games. It's not an effort to you, is it? Living in that world is instinctive."

He shrugged his shoulder, unwilling to lie about this when she was being so honest to him. "Yes. I know how to play the game, how to manipulate the people around me so my ventures are profitable."

Rachel felt defeated. "I wasn't ever able to be successful," she replied. "It wasn't ever instinctive to me."

He took both their bowls of chili and put them on the coffee table in front of the sofa then turned so she was looking directly at him once again. "Rachel, I want you to listen to me and really hear me this time. Will you do that?"

She was nervous again. He wasn't just close, he was surrounding her. And it was overwhelming. She'd wanted him back for so long and this was Jack! This was the man she loved. The Emerson side was still there but she could see how the two sides meshed together and....the Emerson Jackson man was...thrilling! She nodded her head carefully.

"Good! Now here's the problem," he started off. "You think you haven't succeeded, but you need to examine your idea of what success is. You think it's being the alpha in a pack of rabid dogs." He ignored Rachel's snort of laughter and continued. "But that's not success. I accept that your need for success is directly tied to your need for financial security, but perhaps you could also be successful if you were happy in the job. If you were happy doing what you want to do. The one thing you missed when examining all of the companies I had you research was the human factor. You kept looking at the statistics and never looked at the people within the companies."

It suddenly struck her, what he'd been asking her all the time. "You kept asking me to talk to the leadership of the companies," she said with growing wonder.

"Exactly. And I wanted you to see the person behind the company. Statistics don't run businesses, Rachel. People work in the factories producing the product, human beings set the quotas, run the machines, make the decisions." He paused to let that sink in. "If the company isn't a good place to work, if management isn't good at their jobs, if they don't treat the people right and the people believe in what they're producing, the company isn't going to be successful."

She heard his words and, as he explained his point of view, the tension slowly left her body. "So what you're saying is that I should find something I love doing and I'll eventually be successful."

He gripped her arms, shaking her slightly. "No, Rachel. I want you to re-examine your definition of successful. I want you to consider just being happy as the goal."

She suddenly realized how happy she'd been in that tiny cottage with him, how secure she'd felt just lying in his arms, waking up to his kisses on her shoulder or his rough beard against her cheek. She looked into his dark eyes and it felt like something exploded inside of her. "I felt happy with you," she whispered, almost afraid to say the words.

Emerson couldn't believe what she'd just said. He'd thought it would take several more days of arguing with her before she finally admitted that. He was so stunned, he didn't react for several heartbeats. When her declaration finally hit him, he grabbed her into his arms and lifted her up, his hands diving into her hair so he could kiss her. Really kiss her!

Rachel clung to his large frame, wanting to show him how much she loved him, how astonished she was that she felt so free, so liberated! "I love you," she finally said when he finally lifted his head. She'd said it with her eyes closed, not really intending to say that, but the words just slipped out accidentally. When she realized what she'd said, her eyes popped open and she was looking directly into his own, her heart racing as she waited for his reaction.

"Finally!" he replied. He buried his face in her hair, kissing her neck and running his hands up and down her back. "Rachel, I've been waiting so long to hear you say that," he told her.

Leaning back, he dug into his pocket. "I love you too," he told her. "I know we have a lot of things to work out, one of them being what you want to do with the rest of your life, but while you wonder and consider the details, would you marry me? Would you do me the honor of being by your side, helping you, loving you and living with you for the rest of our lives?" He took her hand while he said those lovely words and slipped a beautiful diamond ring onto her finger. It wasn't the biggest or the flashiest diamond ring she'd ever seen, but it was gorgeous!

She stared at the ring, then at Emerson, not sure what to think. "You want to marry me? With all my crazy, messed up baggage?"

He laughed and pulled her closer. "Definitely!" he groaned.

She looked down at the ring, her heart melting not because of the diamond, but because of his sincerity. "Why?"

He laughed and nuzzled her neck again. "Because you make me happy. Despite your assertion that all you want in life is power and money, you find joy in the simplest things and it thrills me when I wake up in the morning and find you still in my arms."

What was a woman supposed to say to a proposal like that? "Yes," she sighed. Then she screamed as he lifted her up, tossed her over his shoulder, and started striding across the large wooden expanse of his great room. Laughing, her hair falling over her face, she held onto his back. "What are you doing?" she gasped out.

"I'm taking you to my bed. And I'm not letting you up until you can't speak any longer and neither of us can move."

She laughed even harder at that, thinking about all the beds the man actually owned. But she didn't disagree with that plan. Not at all.

A long time later, Rachel sighed, stretching now-tender muscles and smiling when his arms tightened around her waist.

"What are you thinking about?" Emerson prompted.

She rolled over, looking up at him in the dim light of his stunning bedroom that looked out over the ocean with skylights that allowed her to see the twinkling stars above in the night sky. She had no idea what time it was, and she probably should be exhausted, but she was afraid to fall asleep. "I'm happy," she replied finally. Her fingers dove into his dark hair and she smiled up at him. "You really do make me happy," she whispered.

He bent down and gently kissed her lips. "Then I guess I finally succeeded," he replied back.

Epilogue

[Rachel smiled as she listened to what sounded like a herd of wild animals coming down the stairs. It was only her children, but she still cringed at the noise.

"Brace yourself," Molly groaned beside her.

Rachel chuckled but turned to see her two sons and two daughters stampede down the wooden stairs, all of them dressed with their hair at least brushed, although not necessarily well. "Jonas, button your shirt properly," she told her oldest. "You're ten years old so there's no excuse for the buttons to be askew like that." She surveyed her eight year old daughter. "Liza, did your father do your braids this morning?"

She plunked her bottom down at the breakfast bar and looked at both Molly and her mother as if her braids were perfect instead of one being several inches higher than the other. "Jonas helped me," she replied proudly.

Both Rachel and Molly looked over at Jonas who was trying to smother a mischievous smile. "What?" he asked when they continued to glare at him.

Rachel stuffed the last peanut butter and jelly sandwich into the lunch bag then moved around so she could fix Liza's braids. "Lilly, you can't have ice cream for breakfast," she called out, relieved when her six year old simply closed the freezer without an argument. Rachel still lost more arguments to that child than she won. Lilly had the most amazing logic. It wasn't always accurate, but it made enough sense that Rachel allowed her to win. It was hard to argue about some things, especially when she was laughing too hard at the arguments that child came up with.

Molly picked the little girl up and plunked her down on one of the breakfast bar chairs, then pushed a bowl of freshly picked blueberries and organic yogurt in front of her.

Three year old Jefferson was still working his way down the stairs and Rachel moved over to pick up his sturdy little body, only groaning slightly at his weight. "What do you have in there?" she teased, poking his little belly. He wasn't chubby at all. In fact, it was hard to give these children enough food sometimes. They were so active, rarely sat still and were the joy of her life.

Jefferson was giggling while Rachel nuzzled his neck playfully. A moment later, the boy was lifted out of her arms and held in the air, squealing as his much stronger, much taller father lifted him high into the air and gave him a tickling kiss on his tummy before plunking him onto one of the tall chairs as well.

Molly chuckled, shaking her head as she moved off to check on the children's bedrooms. Rachel wouldn't let her make their beds or clean their rooms, but she knew that Molly sometimes snuck upstairs and did it anyway.

While the four children watched with huge grins on their faces, Emerson Jackson swept Rachel into his arms and captured her attention simply by kissing her until she was clinging to him and breathless. "Good morning, my love," he said with that low, rumbling voice that never failed to send excited tingles down her whole body. "You look lovely."

She rolled her eyes and pushed away from him, but she couldn't stop the grin. "I look a mess," she contradicted.

Emerson watched with rapt attention as she walked to the steel fridge and pulled out a gallon of milk.

"Dad's staring at your butt again, Mom," Jonas called out.

Rachel swung around and, sure enough, Emerson's eyes were caught!

He was unrepentant though and looked into her green eyes, winking with his silent message. Rachel bit her lip as she watched him grab his own bowl of blueberries.

"Can I have some milk, Mom?" Liza asked.

Rachel pulled her eyes away from Emerson, trying to pull her mind away from the enticing possibilities of Emerson's silent promise. "Excuse me?" she asked, looking at Liza confused.

"Milk?" she prompted, lifting her empty glass. "Can I have some?"

Rachel looked down at the jug of milk she was hugging in her arms and jumped. "Oh! Yes!" she came forward in a hurry, pouring glasses of milk for all of them. "Sorry," she said to Liza.

Liza shrugged and lifted her glass of milk towards her mouth. "We're used to it," she replied, shaking her head.

Emerson walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her against his strong body. "Could be worse," he commented for only her ears.

She froze with the container of muffins in her hand. "I just wish they weren't so observant," she came back. "It's a bit disconcerting."

Emerson chuckled and let his thumb slide under her pretty, lemon colored sweater. "Just wait until after I drop them off at school," he told her, his thumb rubbing against the soft skin under her sweater.

"Uh oh," Jonas groaned, shaking his head. "Here we go again."

Liza covered her mouth and giggled, Lilly stared at the two of them with confused attention and Jefferson continued to stuff yogurt covered blueberries into his mouth, unaware of the undercurrents but completely secure in the knowledge that his mother and father loved and were loved.

As far as he was concerned, everything was pretty wonderful.

