Chapter 1

Nikki braced herself, prepared to have huge, beefy men grab her arms and carry her back out of the hotel's ballroom. Were her actions illegal? She had no idea, but they probably were. After all, she was entering a secure environment with stolen press credentials.

The guard stopped in front of her, waving his hand to indicate she should open her bag. Nikki held back a bit, not sure what this next level of security might be for. "I've already gone through the x-ray," Nikki said, trying to assume an air of assertiveness when, in reality, she was quaking inside.

The man's eyes narrowed and Nikki realized that she might be kicked out before the "party" even started. With a grimace, she opened the bag she'd snagged from Brianna's apartment that Nikki had "borrowed" for this venture. Brianna was one of Nikki's best friends, and the only reason she'd shown up at a boring press conference was because she suspected this man had something to do with her friend's disappearance. She knew almost nothing about him, except that he controlled an enormous portion of the oil produced in the world.

"Nothing but notebooks and pens," Nikki said as the man peered inside the bag.

When he nodded, allowing Nikki to move inside the rapidly filling ballroom for the press conference, she breathed a sigh of relief. She took a seat off to the side, not sure what she might discover here today. But this was her only lead.

Brianna was missing, Nikki couldn't reach Rachel, she and her new husband were still out of the country doing something wonderful, and the only link Nikki had to Brianna was an e-mail she'd received just recently. It was from Brianna and showed the Sheik of Yafar's family crest in the corner and some questionable wording. Unfortunately, Nikki had no idea where Brianna was or even how the e-mail with this man's family crest was connected to her friend's disappearance.

The other reporters were walking around, talking with each other as they waited for the press conference to start. Nikki stood over on the sidelines, watching, trying to figure out the mystery of her friend's disappearance. She was more worried than she wanted to admit; her mind kept going over the words of the e-mail. Brianna hadn't gotten a good picture of it, so only some words were visible, but they didn't make a whole lot of sense. Just a bunch of words that related to markets and oil prices.

Shoot! She wished Rachel were here! Rachel could figure this out, Nikki was sure of it. Of the three of them, Rachel was the one who understood math, markets and logic. Nikki was a high school English teacher. She felt like this whole situation was way out of her league, but the police wouldn't do anything! They didn't believe Brianna was missing since, apparently, Bri's editor had given her a long weekend. But Nikki knew that Bri would have called, told Nikki what was going on, probably even asked Nikki to do something with her. Bri was the sweet, quiet one. She preferred cooking a meal at home and inviting people over versus going out to a restaurant. None of them liked the loud bar scene, but Bri was especially eager to avoid crowds.

Someone came to the podium at that moment and Nikki looked around, trying to find a seat. The chairs quickly filled up and Nikki just plopped down in the first one that was vacant. Unfortunately, it was in the front row. Nikki would prefer to be sitting in the back, observing the scene, trying to connect the dots.

She twisted slightly, trying to see if there were any seats behind her. Unfortunately, since this was such a highly anticipated press conference, the room was packed. She could either sit right here, or she could stand up and move to the back where the reporters and photographers were already standing five or six deep, shifting in an effort to find enough room for themselves and their equipment.

So instead, she chose to stay where she was and observe. She could be quiet, she told herself. She wouldn't interfere no matter what the man said. She rolled that thought around in her mind and had to cringe inwardly. Perhaps being quiet and unobtrusive wasn't exactly her forte, but she could do it. This was too important to mess up. She had to find out what happened to Bri!

The person at the podium cleared his throat and the room instantly quieted. "Good afternoon, everyone," he said with a very strong accent that made some of his words difficult to decipher. The man went into the various issues that would be discussed between this sheik guy and the president. While he droned on, Nikki thought she might just fall asleep. The issues were so tedious and dry. Was the man trying to bore the room?

Suddenly, there was a wave of energy that hit her full force. She looked around, not sure what was going on. She watched the other reporters but none of them seemed to have noticed.

How was that possible? Couldn't they feel the tension? The spark?

Apparently not. The woman beside Nikki was doodling and the man on the other side of her was texting a message to someone. No one felt the change in the atmosphere, but she couldn't deny that something had changed.

She looked up, her eyes somehow drawn to the right side of the low stage. And that's where she saw him! She almost felt like she was falling off of her chair, his eyes looking straight at her tipped her world sideways. The man wasn't just handsome, he was gorgeous! But in a scary, dark and dangerous way that titillated the secret part of her that she was always trying to suppress. The part of her she was ashamed of.

His black hair and black eyes looked out at her, capturing her attention and the rest of the world faded away. She no longer felt the uncomfortable chair, heard the tedious words of the speaker, or the heat caused by so many bodies and bright lights in one room. There were only those dark, intense eyes capturing her gaze, not releasing her. She wanted to inhale, but there was a problem with that. It simply wasn't possible!

Her tongue slipped out and she licked her dry lips. She tried swallowing, but that was apparently another bodily function that refused to happen while this man continued to control her. She wanted to turn away, to stand up and run out of the room, but something kept her still, in her chair. Was it those eyes? Was he able to control her simply with his eyes?

And then he moved! Nikki felt as if she had been released, but her body betrayed her by feeling...wrong! She wanted his eyes back, wanted that crazy, spiraling intensity back!

The rest of the reporters sat up straighter in their chairs. The man glanced around the ballroom filled with strangers, his eyes coming back to her twice before he was standing at the podium. Nikki took deep, gulping breaths of air and wiggled in the chair, trying to figure out how she could stand up and speed out of this room. She didn't like the way he'd just controlled her and was shivering in reaction. The thought occurred to her that he was about to speak and she tensed, worried about what was to come. Something inside of her instinctively knew that his voice would have the same, or even more powerful impact on her senses that his eyes had.

She had to run, to get out of here before he spoke. She didn't want to hear his voice, didn't want to be controlled by this man again. She looked right and left, her eyes latching onto the exit door on the side wall, then back to him. And that was her mistake. The man stood there staring at her, daring her to leave. How had he known what she was thinking? How could he read her mind and her actions so clearly?

The shivering increased and she leaned back against the chair, wanting to hide behind the person next to her. Wanting a break from those eyes and that look that told her he could read her thoughts.

And then he started speaking.

Her whole body immediately began trembling. And that horrible man smiled when he caught her eyes again, as if he knew exactly what kind of an impact he had on her.

That voice! The deep, baritone voice spoke with an accent that sent additional thrills throughout her body. How was this possible? Men simply didn't affect her in this way. She'd been around handsome men in college, and there were several teachers in her school who were physically attractive. But none of them compared to this man. None of them warranted even a second look, unlike this man whom she couldn't look away from.

He wasn't exactly like a male model, but more of...a lion, she thought, startled. Yes, this man reminded her of a lion: stalking his prey, watching, waiting, closing in. He never relented. As he spoke, he showered her body with sensuous shivers, alerted her mind to his masculinity and left her trembling. Even while he answered the other reporters' questions, he would glance over at her as if to tell her that he was still in charge, that she needed to stay in her seat.

Suddenly, he stopped and signaled to someone to his right. His aide stepped forward and the sheik-guy whispered something in the aide's ear who immediately nodded, then disappeared.

With that small action, Nikki resented the sheik guy instantly. He acted like the whole world was here to do his bidding. And perhaps he was used to people bowing and scraping, but she wasn't like the others with whom he surrounded himself. She didn't like to be controlled. She did the controlling. She went her own way, traveled her own path in life, and woe be to anyone who tried to stop her.

She stuffed all this shivering and nervousness away, determined to turn the tables on this man. Standing up at his next pause, she asked, "How do you think the markets are going to react to your latest project?" pretending like her knees weren't wobbling. She watched him carefully, saw his eyes narrow and knew she'd scored a point. Unfortunately, she wasn't completely sure what that point meant. But it was there in his eyes, and she reveled in her power. Would he discuss his latest market manipulations? She knew she hadn't phrased the question well enough, which irritated her further. Her whole life was words and teaching people the power of words. But here she stood, fumbling for the words that would pierce his confidence and would somehow give her back control.

The odd, mincing man who had spoken first stepped forward. "Can you state your name for the record, please?" he asserted.

The sheik-guy put a hand on the shorter man's shoulder, as if silently letting him know that he could handle this latest question.

When the aide stepped back, those dark eyes once again pierced through her bravado. Nikki and her stomach clenched, her trembling increased and she had trouble taking a deep breath.

"Markets are not in my control, although we work hard to make the markets work for us, within the confines of the law, of course." All the other reporters laughed and some looked at her curiously. "I appreciate your question though." With that, he once again turned and faced the rest of the crowd, taking a question from another reporter.

Nikki sat down in her chair, feeling like a fool but still not willing to relinquish the subject. She'd seen something in his eyes! It wasn't just an issue with the light - there had definitely been something there.

Was this man involved in Brianna's disappearance? Had he done something to her friend? Perhaps that's why her senses were spinning out of control...maybe her gut was telling her that this man was at the bottom of everything.

Darn it, she wished she could talk to Rachel! Rachel was the voice of reason; she could get Nikki to approach this more rationally. But even as she thought this, the press conference was ending. The reporters around her stood up and rushed the platform, eager to try and get one more question answered. But the dark man ignored all of them. He bent down to whisper something else in his aide's ear - Nikki felt deep down inside of her that he was talking about her. And then he disappeared.

As soon as he was gone, the air particles settled down. The electric current that had stimulated her senses so dramatically slowed and she felt an almost crazy sense of let-down.

Nikki glared at the now-empty platform, her mind reeling with all the horrible things that might be happening to her friend. Brianna was too kind and gentle and she trusted everyone. If she'd come across something that this man was doing wrong....

"Excuse me," someone said from behind her.

Nikki swung around, her mind already in fight mode. But when she realized it was just a kind-looking gentleman, she relaxed her shoulders and forced her lips to form a smile. "Can I help you?" she asked.

The man bowed slightly. "His Highness requested a private interview with you," he explained.

Nikki stared at him, not sure what he was saying. "Who in the world is "His Highness"?" she asked, blinking as if the man were slightly insane.

The look Nikki received in return was almost humorous. The stranger's eyes widened and his mouth just about fell open. He gestured oddly behind him in the general direction of the platform. "His Highness," he repeated as if the words themselves should explain everything.

Nikki glanced back to where he was gesturing, trying to connect the dots in the odd, if short, conversation. "You mean...." She gestured, not exactly sure how to address the sheik. She didn't think "jerk" or "arrogant man" would go over very well with someone who looked like little more than a servant.

The man in front of her nodded weakly and Nikki suppressed a shiver. "Why does he want to talk to me?" she asked nervously, feeling her stomach quake at the possibility. And more importantly, she mentally chided herself, why was she standing here chatting about the issue? This was her opportunity to confront him, see if he would reveal anything else. But the aide simply stood there, staring at her blankly as if to indicate that no one questioned "His Highness'" motives.

"I'm guessing questions are not allowed," she responded. With a sigh, and more than a small dose of trepidation, she waved her hand. "Lead on. If His Majesty," she replied sarcastically, "wants a private chat, I'm all for it." Maybe she could follow up on her question about the markets, throw him off his game and then go in for the big question - where Brianna was!

The man led her through another ballroom that contained only very serious looking men in dark suits and sunglasses - each with a wire coming out of the back of his collar and connecting to his ear. One of them murmured something into what was probably a hidden microphone because the doors opened as she approached.

When the doors closed behind her, she realized she was alone in the room. Well, not quite alone. The man of the hour was at the other end of what appeared to be a very elegant conference room.

She stood at one end of the too-quiet room, staring at the man with growing trepidation. But she refused to let him see how terrified she was of him.

Nazar looked at the vivacious brunette with the rich, brown hair and vibrant blue eyes, startled by the impact her slight frame had on him. He'd never experienced such a powerful gut reaction to a mere woman before. He was irritated by how distracting she'd been during the press conference. "You're quite beautiful," he said finally, realizing that he'd just been staring at her, although he wasn't sure how long that had been going on.

Nikki squirmed under his gaze. "And you're very arrogant." As soon as she said those words, she wished she could have pulled them back. Taunting the man was no way to get information, she reprimanded herself. She thought about Brianna and how her friend would be sweet-talking this man already. Bri could wrap anyone around her little finger with just a word or a smile. Rachel was just as good, but she used logic and perseverance, whittling down someone's argument into logical, small parts and showing them how her ideas were superior.

Looking down, she shook her head and gave herself a strong, mental shake. When she looked up again, he was standing right in front of her and she gasped at how tall he was, and how...overwhelmingly male!

"What are you doing?" she stammered, taking an involuntary step backwards, needing more space between their bodies. His closeness caused....weird sensations to flutter all around inside of her.

"I wanted to go over your question." His hand moved, touching her cheek, grazing her skin and sending shivers everywhere. "The expression on your lovely face told me that you weren't completely satisfied with my response."

She grabbed his wrist, trying to pull his hand away, but her grip didn't have any strength to it. "You sidestepped my question completely."

He smiled slightly, obviously enjoying the challenge. "Why don't you ask it again?"

"Why did you try to avoid answering it while we were in a group of people?" she challenged and felt stronger with the look of approval in his dark gaze. She just wished she wasn't getting a crick in her neck from looking up at that approval.

"Because anything I say about markets is analyzed to death. I have to be very careful about what I say. And even about the things I don't say. Anything could be taken to mean something else, something unintentional."

Nikki frowned, realizing that what he said was probably true. The head of the Federal Reserve spoke in such ambiguous language that, most of the time, she had absolutely no clue what he was telling the rest of the world. Sometimes she got it. And sometimes Rachel would explain it over a round of martinis. It still might not make sense, but at least they had fun trying to figure it out. "I guess I need a few drinks to interpret your response then," she said and tried to step backwards. But the door was behind her and she couldn't move, felt trapped by both his body and his heat.

"I would be delighted to buy you a drink."

Nikki's heart thundered with those words. "Um...no! I mean...Uh..."

His hand reached out and tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. "You don't want to have a drink with me?"

Nikki immediately shook her head. "No. I don't."

"Why is that?"

"Because you're...." she was going to say a criminal, but Brianna's admonishing gaze popped into her head. "You're royalty. I don't really get along very well with royalty." What a crock, she thought and almost laughed at the idea of Rachel rolling her eyes at that bit of logic.

"I'm just a man who would like to get to know you better. And a drink sounds like a good idea." He started to move away, taking her hand in his. It was the same arm which she'd been holding, proving that she hadn't been keeping him away. He'd merely been pretending, which caused even more trembling. "Come. We'll enjoy a glass of wine in my suite. And you can ask me about any market that interest you."

Nikki took several steps, not sure what had just happened. She'd been about to call the man a criminal and now she was having a drink in his suite?

"No!" she cried out, digging her heels in to stop their forward momentum.

He turned back and came closer, looking down into her eyes once again. "What's wrong?" he asked gently, amusement shining out of his eyes.

"I can't have a drink with you! Especially not in your private suite!" she gasped out.

"Why not?"

She searched her mind, knowing there was a reason, but for the life of her, it wasn't coming to her very quickly. "Because..."

He chuckled, enjoying the flustered look in her eyes. "Because you're attracted to me and we might not stop at a single drink?"

She was so startled for a moment that she simply stared at him. Then what he was telling her struck her and she started trembling even harder, shaking her head with the logic in his mind. "That's a huge leap you just took. Do your other women jump from a drink to your bed so easily?" she asked, still chuckling at the possibility.

He shifted ever so slightly and all of the amusement in his eyes completely died. "Yes," he stated emphatically. "Are you saying that you're not interested in my bed?"

Nikki swallowed as she looked up once again into those black eyes. "Um...No!" she whispered. But the idea of him and a bed were more enticing than she cared to admit. "I'm not attracted to you."

His hand reached up, still holding her hand in his. His grip shifted ever so slightly so that the pad of his thumb was on her wrist. "I think you are lying to me." He paused, noting that her pulse actually picked up even more speed. "And possibly to yourself as well."

Nikki shook her head and tried to pull her hand away, but he wasn't ready to relinquish her arm just yet. "Where's my friend?" she cried out, using her only defense which was a blurted-out offense. "Where's Brianna? Did you take her? Are you holding her prisoner somewhere?"

Nazar looked down into the soft, blue eyes of this woman and something inside of him shifted ever so slightly. "Who is this Brianna you speak of?" he asked gently, his thumb no longer taking her pulse but instead, running along the tender skin of her wrist. "She is obviously a friend, but tell me more."

Nikki shook her head. "She's disappeared and the only lead I have is you. You're too powerful," she said, hating the quiver in her voice. "You can do just about anything you want with impunity. I know rich and influential people like you don't care about the little guy, but Brianna is different. She's my friend and I'm not going to let anything happen to her."

Nazar liked the sound of her voice. It was strong, feminine and lilting even while she accused him of kidnapping her friend. "This person, she is special to you?"

"Very!" Nikki replied urgently. "Do you have her? Have you hurt her?"

A door to the opposite end of the conference room opened up and another dark suited man stepped in. Nazar saw the look and knew he had to step out. Everything inside of him was telling him to stay, to find out more about this fascinating woman. But he couldn't ignore the silent message. "I'll be back and we'll discuss your friend, among many other topics," he commanded. A moment later, he disappeared through the door.

Nikki stared at the doorway, wondering if he actually expected her to remain here, waiting for him. Was he nuts?

She looked around, deciding that the other door was a better option. She definitely didn't want to be found here when the man decided to return. He had some sort of power over her that confused her. Coming here had been a mistake, she told herself firmly. She had to leave before she lost herself, and still didn't find Bri.

Rushing through the same door in which she'd entered, she almost ran down the scary looking man that was standing sentry. She'd seen him as she'd entered, why hadn't she expected him to be there when she went back out?

At this point, she didn't care. She gave what she hoped was a casual smile, pretending that everything was okay and she wasn't trembling so badly that her knees were about to give out on her, and then pulled her canvas bag over her shoulder as she hurried out the next door. She didn't stop for anything else until she reached her car. Diving into the driver's seat, she took deep, cleansing breaths, trying to get her head back on straight. This was not who she was! She was the cool one! She was the brave one! She was the one who barreled around, pushing Rachel and Bri to do things they didn't think they wanted to do, challenging the status quo, pushing the limits!

So why was she sitting in her car in a dark parking garage waiting for her body to calm down enough so her hands weren't shaking? She was too nervous to even drive!

"This is ridiculous," she told herself sternly. "Get a grip, get home and figure out what happened to Bri!"

It still took her several minutes before she was able to press the button to start her car. And even then, it was difficult to focus on the road because she kept thinking about the man's touch. She almost ran a red light because she was too focused on the memory of his dark, sensuous eyes. She didn't like this. She didn't like being out of control, of giving a man power over her. She had to re-think her options and come up with a better solution. Bri's life might depend on it.

Chapter 2

Glancing around her bedroom, she walked back and forth at the foot of her bed, unaware of the cotton shorts and loose, cotton shirt she was wearing for bed. Unaware of her cold feet as they traversed the hardwood floors. And she had to keep forcing her mind back to the problem and not dwell on the image of the man and his dark looks. Or the way his hand touched her so gently, but with authority.

She didn't like that. She liked men who listened to her and followed her instructions. She wasn't one who easily followed anyone's commands. And if she did, she didn't do it well. Or willingly.

Nikki squared her shoulders, determined to get more information. She had no idea how to do that, but she wasn't going to stand around and let Brianna be hurt. The police wouldn't do anything, so it was up to her to figure this out. Brianna had always been there for Nikki and Rachel when they'd been kids. The woman had the biggest heart, the best shoulder to cry on and a gentle sense of humor that could break through the dreariest of days or the harshest comments from their peers. And there had been a lot of those during middle and high school.

She paced around her cottage anxiously. There wasn't much room to move around, but she had too much nervous energy to just sit down.

What would the police do in this situation? What would James Bond do? She actually smiled at that because James Bond would probably seduce some fabulously glamorous woman to get information.

Biting her thumb nail, she paced through her kitchen, then back to her living room, the only two rooms on this level besides the powder room. Staring out at the dark night, she didn't see the trees that were mostly bare or the leaves that needed to be raked up in her tiny front yard. All she saw was the man's dark eyes, his broad shoulders....

Shaking her head, she whipped around and moved back to her kitchen. Putting the tea pot on, she started making herself some tea. She had to do something. Sitting down at her computer while she waited for the water to warm up, her fingers flew across the keyboard, trying to come up with ideas. But what she really came up with were more articles on the enigmatic sheik. She found herself staring at images of him, ignoring the women latched onto his arm, which were never the same one. She couldn't believe the jealousy that curled up in her belly at all the women he accompanied to one place or another. They were all beautiful, tall and looked amazingly sophisticated. Her one accomplishment to sophistication was putting mascara on before school. Being around a bunch of high school kids didn't push one's fashion sense very high.

Several hours later, a cold, untouched cup of tea at her elbow, she realized that she'd only been reading about his policies, the changes he was making and accolades about what a fabulous leader the man was. She didn't believe any of it!

The man was a criminal and, the more she read, the more convinced she was that the man was trying to hide something. No one was this good, this altruistic. The man was just better at hiding his illegal activities.

She smiled as she considered what Brianna would say about her line of thinking. The woman always saw the best in everyone, never believing anyone did anything wrong. Even when someone from their old neighborhood was arrested, she would come up with excuses as to why they were really good people "inside". No matter how many times Rachel and Nikki tried to argue with her that some people were simply inherently evil, she refused to believe it.

"Power corrupts," Nikki whispered to herself as she stared at a close up of the mysterious sheik. "Absolute power corrupts, absolutely."

Chapter 3

"What am I doing?" she whispered to herself as she adjusted the maid's uniform, tightening the apron. "Think of Brianna!" she told herself. "Brianna is probably scared and wondering how she's going to get out of this man's clutches."

She pushed the cleaning cart down the hallway, her knees wobbling. "He's not even here," she told herself. "He's down in the conference room with a bunch of big wigs discussing oil prices or buying another country." She took a deep breath as she turned the corner.

There were two body guards standing sentry outside the doorway. When they saw her approach, one of them lifted his hand, talking into his wrist. She looked him right in the eye and flashed her newly minted security badge. Hopefully, the guy wouldn't look too closely at the badge because she wasn't so sure it would pass a close scrutiny. She'd snagged the badge out of the employee locker room only twenty minutes ago, along with the maid's uniform she was currently wearing.

It wasn't like she stole anything, she told herself. She'd just borrowed the uniform. And the badge had been sitting on the bench, completely unattended. In a way, she was helping out the maid who had misplaced her badge. If someone less ethical had swiped it, the prince or sheik or whatever he was called, might be in more danger. All Nikki wanted to do was search the penthouse suite and see if Brianna was inside, trying to get out somehow.

Surely this was crazy, she thought as the man looked at her with a strange light in his eyes. He said something into his wrist then turned to nod at the other guard. Was that a smile they passed to each other? Surely body guards weren't allowed to smile, she thought as she was waved into the suite. Body guards needed to maintain an aura of meanness - otherwise, people might not respect them as tough, kick-butt-and-take-names-later kinds of guys.

She shook her head as she closed the door behind her. This wasn't the time to be worrying about body guards and smiles. If they wanted to smile, what did she care? It seemed strange to her, but she hadn't done a whole lot of research on the character traits of a body guard. She had to search the suite and get out as fast as she could. Preferably with Brianna in tow.

But as she looked around, Nikki was stunned at how large this place was. Of course, it was the penthouse suite. But good grief! It wasn't just one floor. There was a magnificent spiral staircase off to the left and an enormous sitting room, baby grand piano, a dining room that looked like it could seat...she had to count the chairs...twelve people! Not to mention all the doors that obviously led to somewhere.

Shaking her head, she pushed the opulence aside. She didn't have time for this. "Get going girl!" she told herself.

Leaving the cleaning cart in front of the doorway so she could search more effectively, she started out with the nearest doorway, opening and closing everything. The closets here were larger than her bedroom in her house! She couldn't imagine how much one night in this place must cost. Door after door, she methodically searched the suite. There was a library, an exercise room, a smaller parlor area, a solarium, an outdoor pool complete with outside dining area and a veritable forest of plants, a game room with a massive pool table...how much space did this man need?

There wasn't anyone on the first floor, nor even any indication that someone had been here. She quickly raced up the stairs and stopped cold when she saw the stunning bedroom. The bed was huge! But besides that, two full walls were floor to ceiling glass that looked out onto the beautiful Washington, D.C. skyline. She could see the Capital Building as well as the Washington Monument and even off in the distance, National Cathedral. She stood there for a long moment, just amazed at the incredible view. Then she shook herself and forced her mind to come back to the present. Brianna!

She raced from the bathroom to the closets once again, through three other bedrooms, all of which had their own bathrooms as well. But no Brianna! Beautiful clothes, perfectly tailored suits...but no Bri.

Leaning against the bannister, she bit her lower lip, trying to decide what to do. Obviously Brianna wasn't here. Had she completely gone off the deep end? Had she misinterpreted the look at the press conference yesterday?

Bri was beautiful and sweet and kind. But surely women threw themselves at this guy. He wouldn't need to kidnap her and hold her prisoner. Except for that memo Bri had photographed. Nikki wasn't sure how, but her gut was telling her that Bri's disappearance had something to do with that memo. And this man knew what was going on.

She had no other evidence though. She couldn't even go to the police with such flimsy accusations.

She ran a hand through her curls, trying to figure out her next move.

Obviously, her next move needed to be getting out of this man's suite. She couldn't get caught in here.

And then she heard the noise! A door?

No! The man was scheduled to be in a meeting for...she glanced at her watch...another hour. This must be one of his minions, she told herself and forced her feet to move forward. "Just pretend like you do this all the time. You're just a maid replacing the towels. Just a maid."

She walked down the stairs, trying to pretend to be casual about her presence in the suite. She could do this, she encouraged silently. "Just be casual."

She made it all the way down the stairs and halfway across the room when the deep, sexy voice stopped her.

"You are a hard woman to track down," Nazar said as he watched the beautiful woman almost trip over her feet in her hurry to leave the suite.

Nikki froze and spun around, her eyes wide as she took in the very man she'd been trying hard to avoid. "You're supposed to be in a meeting!" she said with an accusatory tone.

He moved forward until he was about a foot away from her. "I should be in a meeting. But a beautiful intruder snuck into my suite with a fake security badge. The same woman who stole someone's press credentials yesterday. Which made tracking said woman very difficult."

Nikki squared her shoulders, trying to hide her nervousness. "I wasn't doing anything malicious," she told him, trying to be reassuring, but not sure what to tell him. How does one accuse a powerful man of kidnapping? Especially when trapped in his domain?

"How did your guards know my badge was fake?" she asked.

Nazar chuckled, thinking she looked adorable with that disgruntled look on her face. "First of all, you ran out on me yesterday. So my guards were watching for you. They are under orders to find you. Every one of them has memorized your face in their efforts to find you." He laughed softly as he pulled a soft curl that had slipped out of the knot on the top of her head. "We weren't expecting you to fall into our hands."

Nikki snatched the curl away from his fingers. "So I basically walked into your trap."

He grinned. "I hadn't laid a trap. Since we didn't know who you were, we couldn't analyze your moves and discover how to trap you. But yes, in answer to your unspoken question, we would have figured out how to get you back into my clutches." His finger ran along her jaw and down her neck, causing her to shiver delightfully. "Are you going to tell me your real name?" he asked. His fingers snaked out and snapped the badge off of her waist. Looking at the picture, he smiled slightly. "The name fits you," he commented, his eyes taking in her appearance. "I'm not sure the maid's uniform does your exquisite figure justice though."

Nikki stiffened, her eyes glaring back at him. It was her only defense in the face of his overwhelming sexuality. How did he do that so well? It was almost as if she could smell something about him, something that made her toes tingle - and everything higher up as well.

"I'm thrilled that you approve of my name, sir. And since I've been caught, I'll just get out of your way."

He laughed when she tried to walk away, but before she'd taken one step, he'd grabbed her hand and spun her around. "Oh no, my little invader. You disappeared on me once. I don't think I'll allow that to happen a second time. I'm smarter now."

She looked back up at him, one brown eyebrow raised as if to question whether he was smarter, or if he was going to fall for another of her tricks. Nikki knew a few moves. She'd been in similar situations with other men when she didn't want them touching her. Although, this time, the feelings were dramatically different! Not that she would admit that to him. Not that she fully understood it herself!

"I really have to go," she told him firmly, not pulling her arm away because she knew it would be useless. "There's no point in continuing this conversation."

He chuckled and moved closer. "We can either converse here in the comfort of this suite, or I can call the authorities and we can converse in their less than opulent surroundings. The choice is yours."

Nikki's mouth fell open. "Why would you call the police?" she demanded. "I haven't..."

"You entered my suite under false pretenses. I believe that is considered breaking and entering in your country. I suspect that you also broke a few laws in your attire, not to mention the interesting security badge you somehow managed to obtain." He lifted the badge up again, looking at her picture. "How did you falsify this so quickly?" he asked. His thumb flicked the edge of the card and, sure enough, the plastic film she'd quickly plastered over the top of her picture came loose. "Ah. Not such a good forgery job, my little beauty."

He tossed the badge onto the table behind her but pulled her over to one of the deep sofas. "So tell me why such a beautiful woman wants to be in the arms of a man like me," he asked, looking like a casual conversationalist, but Nikki wasn't fooled. She could see the strength in his eyes, knew that he wasn't relaxed. He was like a predator, just waiting for his prey to spring for freedom so he could swoop down and capture her.

And then his question hit her and she gasped, looking at him askance. "In your arms?" She snorted and shook her head. "You have a very high opinion of yourself, don't you?"

He shrugged. "I can see no other reason why you would sneak into my hotel room. It has been attempted many times before."

She crossed her arms over her chest. "It didn't seem very hard to me. You have pretty poor security, sir."

He chuckled again. "My guards were under strict orders to let you in if you were brave enough to test the lion's den again."

Her mouth fell open with that announcement. "You were waiting for me?" she asked in a whisper.

He shrugged again. "Waiting is too mild a word. My team has been scouring video tapes of the press conference, trying to find clues as to your identity. Since you snuck into the press conference, and I suspected you hadn't gotten the information you wanted, I also suspected you would try again. So my approach to finding you wasn't necessarily simply waiting. It was more multi-faceted." His fingers captured a shiny curl again. "Just as I suspect is true of your personality."

She was transfixed by his words as well as his touch. She wasn't sure what to say or do, but her eyes dropped from looking into his dark gaze to his lips. They weren't full lips, they almost looked mean. But something about them drew her gaze. Her mind started wondering what it would be like to be touched by those lips, to feel his lips kissing her. She wondered what he tasted like.

"I'm going to kiss you," he warned.

Nikki started, surprised to find his words echoing her own thoughts. "I don't want you to kiss me."

He smiled slightly. "Yes you do."

She was about to protest again, but his mouth swooped down, covering her lips with his and stopping any additional protest.

Nikki thought about pushing away from him. But somehow, some way, she found her hands reaching up and touching his chest, her fingers gripping the expensive material of his shirt as if that were the only lifeline in her world.

She felt the world tilting and her hands clung to the only solid part of her world. When she looked up, she was in his lap and she felt more of him. The panic broke through the lust that had taken over her mind and she stiffened. He immediately felt it and lifted his head, looking down at her curiously. "What's wrong?" he asked, his voice thick and husky.

"I can't do this!" she gasped out. "I don't even know your name! I don't know anything about you!"

His hand slid slightly higher on her rib cage and she almost jerked away. With a sigh, he lifted her back to her seat. "I'm sorry. I'm moving too quickly for your comfort level." He smiled derisively. "My only excuse is that you take away my common sense." His hand drifted along her neck, pushing back the hair that had fallen out of the clasp that had been holding it back. "Stay and have dinner with me," he offered. "We'll talk. We'll get to know each other. And you may call me Nazar."

Nazar heard the words come out of his mouth, offering her the use of his first name and he was surprised. Almost no one but family used his first name. And it had never occurred to him to have it any other way. He couldn't remember what the other women in his life called him and he wasn't sure if that was because he hadn't cared, or if this woman so completely occupied his mind that she'd pushed all other women out. Either way, her calling him by his first name just felt...right.

"Nazar," she replied, feeling out the name. He liked the way it sounded when she said it. He'd never heard it spoken with that slightly southern accent before. He'd heard American accents, but this beautiful woman's voice was gentler, slower, as if she were caressing each word. Hell, was he turned on by her accent as well?

Nikki looked up at him, her whole body still tingling for something. She was afraid it was his touch so she moved back on the sofa, putting more space between the two of them. "I really need to go," she said, hoping he wouldn't stop her this time.

"You may go as long as you tell me that you'll meet me for dinner tomorrow night." He stood up then reached down and took her hand, pulling her directly into his arms. "I know I scared you a moment ago, but I can hold back until you are more comfortable with me." He smiled, "And I've even overcome your second issue. You know my name."

"I think I have a few more objections," she mumbled and glared at him for his deep, husky chuckle.

"Tell me you'll have dinner with me tomorrow night," he commanded, retaining her hands even though she was trying to wiggle them out of his grasp.

She bit her lower lip, wondering how she should respond. She actually had no intention of dining with him or ever seeing him again. But would he let her go now if she told him that? Probably not. He didn't look like the kind of man who would accept rejection. She wasn't sure what he would do to stop her from leaving though.

"Dinner tomorrow," she finally replied. "What time?"

Nazar saw it in her eyes. She was just trying to get away from him. Astonishingly, he even thought that was cute. And sexy! He'd never met a woman who didn't throw herself at him. He'd never even realized what a turn on it might be to have to pursue, or convince a woman to be with him. Damn! He liked just about everything he'd discovered about her so far.

"Give me your cell phone," he replied, not believing her for a moment.

Nikki hesitated, wondering why he wanted her cell phone. "Um...." And this is where it becomes awkward. "I left my cell phone downstairs." When he continued to look down at her, she shrugged one shoulder. "In the employee locker room."

He smiled slightly. "Is that where you acquired your enticing ensemble?" he asked, holding out her hands to view the horrid maid's uniform. "I'll admit, the sight of a maid's uniform is a turn on to some men. But this one might be the exception." He pulled her closer. "Where are the fish net stockings and the short skirt that flares out with a lace petticoat?"

Nikki blushed, knowing that there were stores that sold sexy maid uniforms. "I'm sorry. You're going to have to hire someone to work through that fantasy for you."

He threw back his head and laughed, delighted with her stony expression even while her cheeks turned a lovely shade of pink. "Perhaps another time." He called out to someone and a man appeared immediately at the door. "Ms. Stewart," he started out, hesitating over the use of her last name as if he didn't believe it was hers for a moment, "has left her clothing and purse downstairs in the employee locker rooms. Could you have someone retrieve them for her?"

The man bowed. Actually bowed! "This task has already been seen to, Your Highness."

"Excellent," Nazar replied, his eyes showing her his amusement over her predicament. "Why don't you follow this gentleman and change clothes? My staff will see to the return of the badge and maid's uniform."

Nikki grimaced, still not sure how she was getting out of here. But she followed the stiff looking man to a small ante chamber, one she hadn't known existed. Apparently there was a whole staff area that she hadn't searched. Shoot! Could Bri be here somewhere? She grabbed her clothes and quickly pulled them on, folding the maid's uniform neatly. She then went through her purse, trying to discover if anything had gone missing. Ironic, she thought, that she was worried about someone taking things when she'd just stolen someone's uniform and security badge.

Thankfully, everything seemed to still be in her purse. She slung the bag onto her shoulder, adjusted her sweater over her jeans and stepped out of the room with her jacket slung over her arms. As soon as she stepped out of the room, she saw the same stiff man waiting for her. "This way, ma'am," he said with grave formality and moved towards the door from which they'd come only minutes before.

Nazar was still standing there, his tall, muscular body looking awesome with the autumn sunshine streaming through the windows. "I can't say that's much better," he said as he approached. "You should be draped in silks and satins," he told her, his eyes showing that he mentally had already dressed her in other clothes. "I'll take you to Paris and make that happen."

Nikki's mouth fell open. "Paris?"

He nodded his head as he held her hand again. "Would you prefer Milan?" he suggested.

She quickly shook her head. "I would prefer neither!" She jerked her hand out of his. "Look, I'm truly sorry for invading your privacy. Since we'll be seeing each other tomorrow night, I need to head home. I have lesson plans to work through and a million papers to grade."

His eyes widened. "You're a teacher?" he asked.

She crossed her arms over her chest, irritated the he looked so astonished. "Yes. High school English. And my students just turned in their essays on Byron's poetry and I need to review them all tonight so the students will have their grades by tomorrow."

"Why such a rush?"

She took a deep breath, grateful for the safe subject. "Poetry is difficult to understand and even more difficult to appreciate. So getting the kids feedback on their perception of the poems is important." She wasn't lying now. She worked hard to get the papers graded as quickly as possible and encourage any of her students who had grasped the concepts behind any poetry assignment as well as help the students who didn't absorb as much from the sometimes difficult wording. "Poetry is important in our society," she enthused. "It helps a person view the world from a different perspective, but even more importantly, it can show a person that others are going through the same issues they might be currently experiencing."

Nazar agreed with her. "And Byron might be portraying their romantic angst, showing them that the same issues were being faced two hundred years ago."

She smiled, the first time all weekend, thrilled that he really understood! "Exactly!"

"She walks in beauty like the night/ Of cloudless climes and starry skies/ And all that's best of dark and bright/ Meet in her aspect and her eyes/ Thus mellowed to that tender light/ Which heaven to gaudy day denies."

Nikki barely breathed, her mind so suffused with awe at this man, this tall, arrogant, obnoxious and terrifying man, quoting "She Walks in Beauty" by Lord Byron. "Oh my," she whispered, not wanting to break the silence after his quote.

"Dinner tomorrow. Come here at seven." With that, he bent low and gently kissed her lips.

Nikki walked towards the doorway, but she wasn't sure if her feet were actually touching the floor. And it stayed like that throughout the rest of the day and into the night, a silly grin on her face as she remembered Nazar quoting poetry for her.

Chapter 4

Nikki couldn't believe she was actually in Yafar. What was she doing here? One moment, she was pacing the confines of her tiny house, the next she was calling her boss and asking for some time off. In the middle of the semester, no less! Teachers, or at least the good ones, simply didn't abandon their classrooms and go off chasing down tentative leads that didn't make a whole lot of sense.

Except Nikki just knew that this man had information about Brianna's disappearance. He was either involved or he knew someone who was involved. She had no evidence to bring to any official authority, nor did she know who she would even bring that evidence to even if she had it. The State Department? Not that she had anything against that organization but she seriously doubted that they would take any action that would jeopardize the newly negotiated monumental change in politics between the United States government and Yafar. They were allies. Strong allies! The recent meetings between that arrogant sheik dude and the president only strengthened that relationship.

In the eyes of the government, one woman, no matter how important she was to Nikki, would not be worth damaging that new relationship in any way. Nope, Nikki knew she was on her own. Both literally and figuratively - and legally as well since she wasn't even supposed to be here.

There were no two ways about it; if she got caught, Nikki knew she was in a world of trouble.

She looked around, astonished by the intense heat that was beating down on her. She really needed a hat. And sunscreen. Oh, and some water! She hadn't planned this whole thing out very well, but she was almost inside the palace. She could do this! She just had to stay in stealth mode and be very, very careful.

Nikki's heart beat frantically and she ducked down behind the stone wall, closing her eyes in the desperate hope that she hadn't been caught. Biting her lips, she held her breath, hoping that no sound would give her away.

If she could just get through this garden area, she might finally get inside. Her plan was to find a locker room or a work area, put on someone else's clothes and try walking the halls until she found a prison area, or maybe heard one of the other workers gossiping about a stranger in one of the guest rooms. The language barrier might be a problem, but she wasn't going to worry about that until she had to. Just one step at a time, she told herself carefully.

Nazar saw the shining head duck down and stood frozen in place, too stunned to accept what his eyes were seeing. When nothing moved, he did actually doubt his eyes but something inside of him told him that she was here. He actually smiled but it wasn't a smile of delight. It was one of absolute victory. The woman who had been haunting his dreams for the past several nights, disturbing his sleep and making his body hard with the aching need to possess her...was here!

No wonder his security team couldn't turn up her whereabouts anywhere. She wasn't where she was supposed to be. She was here, in his palace compound.

He stood there watching the spot and sure enough, with growing amusement and a strong desire to spank her adorable butt he saw her bright head pop up to see if she'd escaped discovery. How could she have put her life in such danger? He wasn't sure if he should have pride in her extraordinary skill in getting this far, or fury because she had no idea what could happen to her!

But right now, he was more amused at her trying to hide from him than anything else. Or was that just anger? He wasn't really sure and, where this woman was concerned, it might be both.

When she stuck her head up again, he almost laughed out loud. But she ducked down again, as if she could hide from the numerous guards that were surrounding the area.

"No such luck, my beauty," he mumbled under his breath. His eyes sharpened as someone to the left started yelling, guns drawn. His body guards had somehow alerted the palace guards of her presence and everyone was running in her direction, ready to take her down and imprison her.

With a furious flick of his wrist, he stopped their forward momentum. Even his body guards - who were well versed in stopping people who wanted to get near him - were stunned that a person could get so close to him without their knowledge.

"Stay back," he ordered to all of them. Since it wasn't in their nature to allow any sort of harm to come even remotely close to him, they weren't sure what to do, but they all obeyed his order without question, although there were several frantic glances.

"She's unarmed," he said, although he had no real knowledge of that. He just suspected that this little woman wouldn't have thought to bring a weapon of any sort. He was equally impressed with her for being so capable and getting through multiple layers of security but also furious with her for even attempting something so suicidal. If he hadn't seen her first, she would have been grabbed immediately and imprisoned. He might not have even known that anyone had gained access to the palace grounds since it wasn't something that he needed to know about. He trusted his guards to take care of the perimeter and anyone who dared to come close was prosecuted.

As his mind went through what she would have endured, without his knowledge, the admiration for her audacity diminished and his fury took over. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" he demanded, calling out to her and daring her to try to get away from him. Amazingly, she didn't immediately show herself and he grew impatient as he waited for the woman to come out from her hiding place behind the stone wall.

Nikki bit her lip and clenched her eyes closed, unable to believe that she'd actually been caught. But the men bearing down on her from all directions with machine guns pointed at her were a pretty good sign that she had lost her stealth status.

With a sigh, she lifted her hands and stood up, turning to face Nazar with wary, nervous eyes. If those eyes had been powerful at the press conference several days ago, that was nothing compared to her reaction to his gaze at the current moment. Or maybe it was all the guns pointing at her that had her trembling, feeling like her knees might give out on her at any moment.

Nazar stormed towards her, raising a hand once again when his guards, nervous about her presence and the fact that they'd been unable to stop her from entering, approached as well. "Stay back and lower your weapons!" he commanded.

Turning back to Nikki, he glared at her with his hands on his hips. "Come here!" he told her, the fury coming through his voice like a knife.

Nikki considered her options. Seeing the cold wrath in those black eyes, she looked towards the guards with the machine guns and actually considered that they might be less dangerous at this point. "No," she called back and watched with increasing fascination as Nazar actually became angrier. She thought she might actually see steam rising from the top of his head, but didn't mention that. Nor did she smile at the vision of the top of his head exploding off like in cartoons.

Shrinking back, she took several steps in the opposite direction but froze when the guns went up again, all of them pointing in her direction.

"Don't you dare fire at her!" he yelled. "I'll handle this!"

There was a small argument in Arabic between Nazar and the man standing behind him, but Nikki breathed a sigh of relief when the guys in black lowered their machine guns.

"Return to your posts!" he told each and every one of them.

Nikki didn't want a translation of the argument he'd just won with the man behind him. But the man holstered his pistol and stepped back, tossing out one more glare in her direction before resuming his vigil behind Nazar.

When the man stepped back, Nazar turned to face her once again, his eyes shooting daggers at her and she quaked even while her tennis shoes seemed to be melting into the stone floor beneath her feet from the incredible heat of the sun. "Nikki, so help me if you don't get over here this instant, I might just let the guards have their way and toss you into a prison cell."

Nikki cringed at his words and she took a step forward, but then stopped.

"Where's Brianna!" she challenged him. "If you'll just let my friend go, I'll be out of here and you'll never have to see me again."

Nazar gritted his teeth. Never in his life had he ever felt this way. He prided himself on his cool, controlled temperament but there was something about this woman that pushed him beyond irritation and annoyance. She fired him up and not always in a good way. "Nikki, get your little butt over here, right now!"

He almost burst out laughing when the obnoxious, adorable woman actually turned around as if she were trying to see if her butt was small or otherwise. How could she create such volatile emotions in him from such a short acquaintance? But from the moment he'd seen her from the podium in Washington, D.C., he'd known this woman would be different. She'd gotten under his skin with her pretty blue eyes and her lush, sexy figure. But this escapade really was beyond belief. Not that she understood the danger she was in! One moment he was ready to turn her over his knee and spank her until she had some common sense and promised never to put her life in danger like this and the next, he wanted to chuckle at her actions and kiss her until she couldn't speak anymore.

Instead, he glared at her until, visibly shaking, she walked over to stand directly in front of him. "How did you get in here?" he demanded in a low growl. He'd had his security team scouring her home and work areas, trying to find her knowing that she wasn't going to show for their dinner. He'd almost fired his body guards when he found out that the one woman who had distracted him so completely had simply walked away from him and hadn't been followed. He'd been furious to be denied her company; he could still feel her skin under his fingertips, could still remember the anticipation of what she might taste like. If he had been clearer about his intentions that afternoon, the past few sleepless nights might have been completely different. Or he might have just had sleepless nights for a completely different reason.

Nikki licked her lips and looked around, painfully aware of all the very angry, probably embarrassed palace guards and body guards. "Well, it wasn't all that difficult," she whispered, leaning forward slightly and glancing to her right and left.

Nazar wasn't sure what to say to that. People were killed trying to enter the palace grounds. And here she was - standing in front of him with the sun shooting auburn sparks off of her brown tresses - telling him that it wasn't very hard for an unauthorized person to enter the compound.

Since he was having trouble forming words with the image of her bullet ridden body in his mind, he grabbed her arm and dragged her towards the palace where they could have some privacy. Unfortunately, the obviously fearless woman didn't understand the danger she was in.

"What do you think you're doing?" Nikki demanded, pulling back and glaring up at him. "I'm not going anywhere with you!"

He spun around and glared down at her, leaving almost no space between their bodies. "Nikki, you either walk into this building with me where we can discuss this latest insanity on your part in private, or I toss you over my shoulder and bring you to my bedroom where I spank you for putting yourself in such horrific danger."

She pulled back slightly, but that didn't help stop his fulminating glare. "I'll go, but you don't have to drag me," she said in an angry whisper, not wanting any more of their arguments to be overheard by the guards that were now surrounding the two of them.

"That is certainly up for debate," he came right back. But instead of grabbing her arm, he stepped back and, with a sweeping gesture, allowed her to precede him into the air conditioned palace. "This way," he said when she kept going forward instead of turning in the direction of his private suite.

Just before he was about to close the doors, he turned to his body guard. "Find out how she got in!" he commanded with finality. He slammed the door right when the guard was about to say something.

When he turned around, he looked down at the now-angry woman. "Nikki..." he started to say but she interrupted him.

"That was very rude of you," she told him, crossing her arms over her chest in a defensive move. She was braving it out because she didn't want him to know how truly terrified she was. She didn't think he would shoot her or do her any harm, but she suspected that she was in his private area. That meant that his bedroom was very close and she didn't want to be near him when a bed was near. She didn't understand it, but she didn't have much willpower when it came to this man.

"What was rude?" he demanded, moving closer to her.

Automatically, she backed up, not wanting to be close to him. She'd done that, knew the impact and wasn't going to fall into that trap once again. "Slamming the door when that man was trying to say something to you."

"He was going to tell me that you needed to be imprisoned," Nazar retorted.

"Oh," Nikki replied, stunned by that news. "Well, then..." her mind scrambled, never having come close to even getting a ticket before so the idea of being arrested and imprisoned was shocking. "In that case, he was being rude."

Nazar stepped closer, measuring the distance until she couldn't move any further back, calculating how long until she would be in his arms. "Rude doesn't begin to describe it."

Nikki tried a different tact. "Nazar, you're very angry, aren't you?"

He shrugged one of his massive shoulders and continued to follow her, step for step. "You could actually say that I've never been angrier."

Wow! She wasn't sure she liked having that distinction. "Why are you mad?" she asked, thinking that talking about it might help him diffuse some of his fury.

"Why? Let's see," he said, still advancing. "You ran out on me the last time we met and I haven't been able to contact you. Nor have any of my very highly trained security guards been able to locate you. And in the midst of all of this, you somehow not only sneak into my country, but you also manage to slip by the guards at the gate, the motion sensors on the walls, the guards in the monitoring room that are supposed to be alert enough to see anything that even approaches the palace walls, then you even got through the heat sensors and who knows what other kinds of security measures that have been installed." He watched her, seeing her eyes widen in alarm. He was certain that she hadn't even been aware of all those security measures, which made it even more astonishing that she'd bypassed every one of them. "And you dared to enter into my private garden which caused about fifty guards to be alerted to your presence, all of whom wanted to be the hero who caught the intruder which would earn him a very valuable reputation."

She licked her lips nervously, trying to smile in the hopes that he would see how unreasonable his anger was. "You're looking at this the wrong way," she said, frantically trying to calm him down. His elaboration of all of those things he says she got through was only making him angrier.

"And how would you suggest I look at this, besides you putting your life in danger on so many levels and in so many ways?"

She thought hastily, trying to see the bright spot in all of this. "Well....at least you know that your palace security isn't up to snuff!" she explained with a bright smile.

He blinked at her words, stunned that she would dare offer such an outrageous "silver lining". "You succeeded where many others have tried and failed."

Her eyebrows drew down low over her eyes. "Are you telling me that others have tried to get in like I have?"

His anger only increased again. "That's exactly what I'm telling you! Why did you even attempt something so outrageous?"

Nikki was tired of being cornered and scared. She hadn't had much sleep all night, nor had she slept well for several nights because of her worry over Brianna's disappearance and some strange emotions she was feeling at the idea of what this man might be doing to her friend. "Look," she snapped, poking him in the middle of his chest. "If you'd just tell me where my friend is, I would be more than happy to get out of your life. I don't know what you did with her, but she's a good, sweet, kind woman and I care for her very much!"

He was astonished by her outburst. "You still think that I had her kidnapped?" he practically growled at her.

Nikki had no idea if his staff had done the actual kidnapping of he just knew the person who had her. But there had been something in his eyes that day at the press conference when she'd asked about the markets. That was the key to all of this. She didn't know how all the dots connected, but she was just sure they did somehow. "Yes!" she exclaimed, desperate now.

He threw back his head and laughed. He laughed so hard that Nikki was starting to get genuinely irritated. When she tried to step away, he grabbed her arm to hold her in place. Unfortunately, because his grip wasn't hard or hurting her, she made the mistake that his grip wasn't very firm. So when she tried to slip away, he tightened his hold and laughed harder.

She was tired of being the butt of his joke. When she twisted around, trying to pull out of his arms with an old trick she'd learned in self-defense classes, she found herself tucked into his arms, both of them hard and secure around her middle while his hands held onto her wrists on opposite sides of her body. All his laughter was gone and she was feeling decidedly serious now. "Now what, my love?" he asked softly, his warm breath in her ear, causing little shivers to coast throughout her body. "I'd love to see what your next move is going to be."

She wasn't laughing, but nor was he and that had been her original intent, wasn't it? "Let me go!" she demanded through gritted teeth. She couldn't let herself feel the heat, to be affected by his nearness. She had to get out of his arms or she'd find herself weakening against him. He felt too good already.

"I don't think so," he came back and shifted ever so slightly so that their bodies were more intimately touching. "I think I rather enjoy you like this."

"I don't!" she said and tried to kick out against his shins. Unfortunately, she didn't want to genuinely hurt him so her aim was too soft and too much to the side.

"You like to fight, eh?" he said, soft and husky. "I like it when you move against me like that," he said.

Nikki froze. She could feel his whole body against her back, feel his warm breath against her neck. She didn't want to make any sudden moves because that would make her realize that he was basically hugging her. But there was nothing comforting in his embrace. In fact, she was feeling embarrassingly uncomfortable.

"Let me go," she whispered, painfully aware of his hard body behind hers.

"I don't think I want to," he replied, his mouth pressing against the shell of her ear, causing her whole body to quiver in reaction. "I think I like you right here in my arms."

"I don't like it," she gasped when he moved his mouth, kissing her neck. She tried to stop herself from shaking. She didn't want to feel that crazy heat unfurl inside of her. And she definitely didn't want her body to soften or want to turn towards him. "Don't do this to me," she begged even while her body was doing all those things she didn't want it to do. "I don't want this."

He moved his arms slightly, his hands sliding up on her arm. "I think you do," he countered. "I know that I do."

"You can't!" she gasped when he straightened up and he took her hands, placing them against the wall in front of her. "I'm an annoyance to you. I get on your nerves and make you angry! You can't want me when I do all that to you!" She desperately tried to think of other reasons why he shouldn't want her, but all she could feel was his heat seeping through her body, making her weak, making her want him right back.

"I do." He kissed her neck, her shoulders and the small part of her back where the black tee-shirt gaped ever so slightly. "I really do want you. Exactly like this."

She shook her head, wanting to pull her hands off of the wall but then his hands smoothed down her sides, causing her to gasp with the almost painful pleasure. He wasn't holding her now with anything except desire. "Tell me what you like," he said softly, nipping at her neck, then soothing the spot with his lips. "I want to know everything about you."

"I don't want this," she said, shaking her head as if to deny that he was actually doing this to her.

"So you're a liar," he said, chuckling softly. "I think I could grow to like that about you."

She started to pull her hands off of the wall. "Put them back, Nikki," he said with absolute authority that was backed up when his hands slid around her sides and halted just under her breasts.

When she hesitated, his thumbs rubbed a millimeter higher, barely touching her but giving her the message that, if she chose to put her hands where he wanted them, he would touch her exactly where her body wanted him to touch.

"That's my beauty," he encouraged when her hands went right back against the wall.

Her head fell backwards and she gasped when she felt his hands on her breasts. "Don't stop," she begged, closing her eyes and reveling in the amazing heat that was stealing through her body. "Please don't stop." She gasped when his thumb flicked against the sensitive bud, hardening it even more. "Do that again," she whimpered.

When his thumb flicked against her nipple again, she cried out, pressing her back against his chest, her bottom against his hips and needing so much more. She tried to shake her head, to make the feelings stop but she was at his mercy, needing so much more but not really understanding what that was. "No," she whispered, but still her body turned ever so slightly, silently begging his hand to touch her in that exact spot again. But then she realized what she was doing and she tried to turn away. "You can't do this to me," she said even while she turned her body so that he could.

"Ah, but I can," he countered. "And what's more, you want me to."

She shook her head and spun around, her eyes wide with the fear that was creeping higher, obliterating the desire that had captured her. "Nazar..."

"Don't say a word!" he growled and punctuated that command by covering her mouth with his. After a long, soul drugging kiss that left Nikki weak in the knees, Nazar lifted his head and stepped back, leaving her leaning against the wall. "You and I both know I could take you over to my bed and you wouldn't utter a single protest," he said with almost cruel finality. "But I don't want any recriminations or cries of unfair pressure on my part. I want you to come to my bed willingly, to be begging me to make love to you. And I want to know that, in the morning when I wake up, you're still in my bed, curled up next to me because you can't break the connection between our bodies." He wasn't saying the words with anger, but with a deep, absolute conviction that his desires would come to pass.

"I won't," she countered, blinking back tears because at this moment, she thought she might actually want just that. He'd spun her body up, making her so desperate for his touch she'd do practically anything for him, beg him to continue.

His hand reached up, gently pushing a brown curl out of her eyes. "I see you are still afraid of what we make each other feel."

She stiffened, hating that word. "I'm not afraid," she said with false derision. "I'm not afraid of you or anything."

He considered her words carefully, wondering what had caused her to be so afraid of sex. "Have you been hurt before?" he asked gently.

Her chin went up and images of tears, hunger and shame washed over her. She, Rachel and Brianna had gotten through all of it, and she wouldn't be beaten down by this man. "Just leave it Nazar. I have to find my friend." She pushed out of his arms, shocked by the fact that he allowed it as well as how weak her knees were.

She started to walk away but he stopped her by once again grabbing her arm. "What else are you afraid of?" he asked her softly. The grip on her wrist wasn't painful, but she'd just learned the hard way not to fool herself into thinking he wasn't perfectly in control of the situation.

She glanced worriedly down at his grip, then back up into his eyes and he sighed, seeing the terror right there in those beautiful blue eyes.

"Sit down, relax, have something to eat," he told her, leading her over towards a dining area. As soon as he pressed a button, a stream of servants poured in through a door that hadn't been visible a moment ago, setting plates, delicate glasses and a variety of delicious smelling foods on the table. One person even had an elaborate bouquet of flowers in a variety of colors that he placed to the side of their plates.

"I don't want anything to eat," she said, although her eyes were watching the servants' movements with interest.

He laughed softly and pulled out a chair for her. "There you go with those lies again," he teased. "If you're not hungry, why don't you just join me? I'll eat, you can have a glass of wine or something cold to drink." He waited for a moment, seeing the indecision in her eyes. "We can also discuss the reasons why you're so sure that I've done something to hide your friend away from you."

With that promise, she nodded her head and took the seat he was still holding for her. A waiter appeared and poured her a glass of white wine and some cold water. Nikki was so thirsty, she drank the entire glass of water without stopping, setting it down carefully once she was finished. She didn't look up into Nazar's eyes, too afraid of seeing amusement there because of her thirst.

When the waiter had re-filled her glass and disappeared once more, Nazar unfolded the napkin and spooned some sort of rice or grain dish onto his plate, placing a juicy meat mixture on top of it. "Would you like some?" he asked, then spooned some onto her plate without waiting for her to respond.

Nikki couldn't resist the temptation any longer. She suddenly realized that she hadn't eaten anything in the last twenty-four hours and she was famished. "Oh my," she gasped when she bit into the succulent meat. "This is delicious. What is it?"

Nazar started to say something but then shook his head. "Don't ask. Just enjoy the food and tell me what's going on with your friend."

She stared across the table at him, not sure what to believe anymore. But as she looked at him, she was reminded of the e-mail Brianna had sent her. Either this man, or someone in his government was involved. She just knew it. "Brianna has just disappeared. I don't know why or what she was chasing but she's gone. We were supposed to meet last Saturday for our weekly run and she didn't show up."

"Maybe something came up and she just forgot to cancel."

Nikki was already shaking her head. "Bri wouldn't do that."

He shrugged and accepted her word. "Okay, so why do you think I'm involved?"

She considered lying to him, hiding the real reason. But something told her that only absolute honesty would convince him to reveal what he knew. "Because of an e-mail I received from her before she went missing. It had the Yafar crest on the corner. So I know you're involved somehow. And since you were in Washington, D.C. at the same time she disappeared, the coincidence was too much to ignore."

Nazar's dark eyebrows went lower. "Show me this message," he commanded.

Nikki took another sip of wine. "I can't. It's on my cell phone and, unless you're going to let me out of here, I can't get it from my hotel room."

"Where are you staying?" he asked her, his finger already pressing a button on the table.

She told him the name of her hotel but shook her head. "I'm not giving you the key, Nazar. And you're not getting my cell phone either."

"You think I'm going to steal your cell phone?' he asked, almost chuckling.

"I don't think you care about my cell phone but I don't trust you not to wipe out the picture."

He laughed at that. He didn't respond to her accusation, but turned to the man who stepped into the dining area, giving the man some sort of order in Arabic so she didn't understand.

"What was that all about?" she asked as she took another bite of the delicious meat.

"I told my guards to retrieve your personal items and bring them here to the palace," he stated simply.

Nikki felt like her food was going to choke her. "You what? But you don't even know what room I'm in."

He waved that issue aside and spooned another dish onto her plate, this one filled with feta cheese and nuts. "Well, until your things are brought to you, tell me about yourself. You were going to tell me something you're afraid of." He reached over and re-filled her wine glass.

"I'm not afraid of anything," she replied, picking up her wine glass and smiling across the table at him. "And I'm definitely not afraid of you."

He rolled his eyes and handed her a plate filled with stuffed grape leaves. "You're terrified of me," he contradicted. "Or more specifically, you're terrified of what I make you feel. Which is why you run away from me every time I make you feel too much. Just like the last time we saw each other."

Her hands started shaking when she recalled the way he'd made her feel that afternoon in the ballroom. It had been incredible and he'd just proven that the chemistry hadn't been a fluke.

"Horses," she said, almost out of the blue.

"Horses?" he repeated. "What about them?"

She shrugged delicately and picked up her fork, shifting the food around on her plate so she didn't have to look at him. "You asked what I was afraid of and I told you."

"Horses?" he said it again, still not sure he believed her.

She lowered her lashes, unable to hold his gaze and still not really sure why she'd admitted something like that to Nazar. She was supposed to be strong and yet she'd just admitted to him a weakness. Not smart, she berated herself mentally.

"You're afraid of horses?"

She lifted her fork, taking a taste of the warm, nutty dish. "Why is that so hard to believe?" she asked and took a delicate bite of the stuffed grape leaves.

He chuckled softly, amazed that she would reveal something like that about herself. Of course, he'd asked, but he hadn't thought she would actually tell him.

"Why would you be afraid of horses?"

She shrugged delicately and took a sip of her wine. "Because they're big, mysterious animals with large hooves and people die falling off of them."

He acknowledged her comment but countered with, "People die in car crashes every day. But you still get into cars on a daily basis."

"Yes, but I know how to drive a car, how to control the vehicle." She set her wine glass down carefully on the linen covered table. "I don't like horses because I can't control them."

He smiled slightly. "And you like having control, don't you?"

She almost gasped with the heated look in his eyes. "I don't need control in all things."

His smile grew wider, more dangerous. "Good. Because I prefer having control in bed. And you already know that I don't relinquish control very easily."

She knew he was talking about sex and she couldn't stop the blush that turned her cheeks pink. "Let's not talk about that, please."

"Why not?" he asked, more curious than amused. "Why does the topic of sex bother you so much?"

She hated how she started shaking just at the words. "It's simply not appropriate."

"Of course it's appropriate. Since you will be in my bed - very soon I might add - I should understand your aversion to sex."

"I don't have an aversion to sex, per se."

"You just don't want to have sex with me."

"Exactly."

"Because you don't like it?"

She opened her mouth to disagree, then thought better of it. It would be better if she disagreed with him, but for some reason, the harsh words just wouldn't come out.

He saw the conflict in her eyes. "So you enjoyed being in my arms, but you think you're not going to enjoy what comes next, eh?"

"Correct," she admitted, then realized what he'd just asked and shook her head. "No. I mean...," she groaned, "I didn't enjoy...the way you held me," she replied awkwardly, blinking to keep her focus on her food. "But you're correct that I'm not going to let it happen again."

"You don't like sex?"

Her body was as tense as a strung bow. "Look, I don't want to talk about it. It isn't going to happen. So there's no need to harp on it."

"Ah, but that's where you're wrong, my beauty," he said with that deep, husky voice that just turned her bones to melted butter. "We are going to have sex. Again and again. I know I will enjoy that experience with you too much to eliminate it from my future."

Her eyes widened at that admission. She couldn't believe he'd said that. "Well..." she wasn't exactly sure what to say. Her words were constricted in her throat and her mouth was as dry as a desert. "We can't."

"Why can't we?" he prompted.

"Because..." she searched her brain, trying to come up with a reasonable explanation. "Because you did something horrible to my friend," she exclaimed with victory. "And I can't fall into bed with you until she is found."

He considered that carefully.

"Who is covering your classes, Nicole?" he asked, changing the subject completely. He already knew of her occupation as well as many other things. His security team had done an extensive background check on her but he wanted to hear everything from her, to get her perspective on her life and why she did certain things.

She blinked, surprised by his question as well as by the use of her full name. Wasn't he going to challenge her accusation? Wasn't he going to deny that he'd done something to Brianna? "Why don't you deny it?" she asked, more curious than angry all of a sudden.

"Would you believe me if I denied even seeing your friend?"

"No."

"Then what's the point? Perhaps I have a plan to get you into my bed and it requires you thinking I'm a villain."

She laughed despite the seriousness of the subject. "That sounds very nefarious."

He looked at her curiously. "You have an excellent vocabulary. I guess that comes with being an English teacher."

She quickly looked down and twisted the stem of her wine glass. "I try to set a good example for my students."

He raised an eyebrow at her telling body language. "You don't look like the picture on your press pass. It is similar, but not the same person. I'm assuming that your friend, Brianna Stewart, is the reporter and you used her press credentials to get close to me?"

She couldn't believe he'd deduced the truth so easily but then again, it wasn't such a hard leap. "Right on the first guess," she told him.

"That begs the question, why do you think she is missing?"

"As I mentioned, she didn't show up for our usual Saturday morning run last weekend. And she's not answering her phone, she didn't call to cancel, she hasn't checked in with me in over a week."

"Perhaps she's just busy."

Nikki had already heard this tale from the police. "She wouldn't do that. We grew up together. We've been through a lot. We are closer than sisters and she wouldn't do anything to make me worry unnecessarily."

He nodded his head, accepting her statement. "When was the last time you heard from her?" he asked.

Nikki looked up, startled by his question. The lack of a sexual innuendo told her that he wasn't joking. It sounded like he was really going to help her. But why would he do that? Why would he even care? He didn't know Brianna and probably had many more issues with a higher priority on his mind.

Of course, if she accepted that he didn't know Brianna, that meant that he hadn't done anything to harm her. She rubbed her forehead, not sure what to think anymore.

"Look, the last time I heard from her was about ten days ago on Thursday. She sent me an e-mail with your family crest on it and the text of the letter sounded like you were doing something illegal. Rich people always think they can get away with whatever they want. If you're actually doing something like price fixing or manipulating markets, then fine. I don't care." She hesitated, then corrected herself. "Well, I actually do care but I can't do anything to stop you. But I won't let anyone harm Brianna. She's a sweet, gentle kind person who is way too trusting."

"Unlike you, correct?'

She shifted in her chair, her mind shuttering at the stupid things she'd done when she'd trusted someone other than Brianna or Rachel. "No. I don't trust many people."

"Including me."

"Especially you."

He chuckled, still not offended. "Fair enough. You don't know me well enough to accept that I wouldn't do anything to harm your friend. So here's what I propose..."

She sat up in her chair, excited by what he might say. "You're going to release Brianna and we can go back home?" she asked hopefully.

"Why don't you tell me why you think I harmed your friend?"

Nikki sighed. "I need my cell phone."

At that same moment, a knock sounded at the door. After Nazar called out a sudden, "Enter!" a man walked in with her purse and her suitcase in tow.

She stared at the bags as if they were now foreign objects. "I didn't even give you my room number!"

The man disappeared and they were once again left alone with Nikki staring at him suspiciously.

"You have to understand that this is not The United States. I am ruler here, my lovely. I don't need a search warrant to enter a room. I don't even need cause."

She gasped and pulled back. "That's horrible!"

"It is," he agreed. "And at times in the past, that power has been abused. But in my case, I don't abuse the power of my office." With that, he reached into her purse and extracted her cell phone. "Now that you have your device, perhaps you could show me the evidence against me?"

Nikki took the phone, glaring at him the whole time while she unlocked the screen then scrolled through her messages. When she came to the one that Brianna had sent, she turned it around and showed it to him. "This is it."

Nazar looked at the screen, thinking he would just see a message about her friend going out on the town or something similarly endearing. But when his eyes focused on the message, he was no longer amused. In fact, he swore under his breath, his mind working in ten different ways to figure out how to contain the problem.

He stood up abruptly, sliding her phone into his pocket. "I have to make some calls," he said. "Why don't you get some rest?" With that, he walked out of the room, leaving Nikki to

"His Highness has gone to his office. An urgent business matter has come up stare after him as if he'd lost his mind. And then it hit her. He'd taken her cell phone!

She started walking out of the suite but there were two burly men standing sentry outside. "Where did he go?" she asked angrily, trying to focus her anger on the man in question and not these two guards who probably had no idea what was going on. She could empathize!

"His Highness has gone to his office. An urgent business matter has come up."

She blinked, not really understanding what that meant except that he had disappeared. "I need to speak with him."

The man on the right spoke into what was most likely a microphone, waited a moment, then nodded his head. "His Highness is making a phone call. He will be with you shortly. He asked that you remain here and he will give you news as soon as he has anything."

Nikki thought about that for a moment, not sure if she should trust the man or run screaming from the building. Although, she wasn't really sure she would be allowed to run anywhere. She'd gotten into the palace, but she suspected that she wouldn't be allowed to leave. At least, not without some stealthy moves on her part.

"Fine," she said but with ill-humor. She didn't really have a choice, she thought, and huffed as she went back into the suite. She sat down on the soft sofa, trying to figure out what she should do. She pictured Brianna trapped somewhere in this palace, scared and lonely, trying to figure out how to get herself out of a mess.

As she paced through the suite, something about the soothing colors drained her anxiety away. Or maybe it was the fact that she hadn't really slept in the past few days, or perhaps it was the release of her anxiety over actually getting into the palace being eliminated. But whatever the reason, her fatigue was not something she could ignore any longer. By rights, she should be scared out of her mind because she was now in a more precarious position than she'd been in yesterday after sneaking into the country. But she didn't feel worried for some reason.

After prowling around the suite, she stopped in front of the enormous bed covered in luxurious, dark coverings. The bed looked amazingly inviting and she sat down on the massive space, trying to figure out what her next move should be. She didn't want to stay here, mostly because she was terrified of Nazar's intentions and what might happen to her next. But also because she didn't trust him to help her. He might have taken her cell phone, but that didn't mean she was going to get anything from him. He'd already admitted that he had powers beyond what she was used to. He could do just about anything he wanted and no one would question him. Good grief, no one would even know!

It suddenly occurred to her that she was in the exact same position as Brianna. She might be in a nicer dungeon but she was still trapped, not sure what to do or how to get out of the pickle she'd gotten herself into.

She slipped onto the bed, leaning only slightly against the ultra-soft pillows. She didn't want to fall asleep, but the stress of the past few days plus the lack of sleep caused her to become drowsy against her will. "Just a few minutes," she told the silence of the room. Then she'd get up and find a way out of this latest little dilemma and find Brianna. Surely, a ten or fifteen minute nap wouldn't hurt, would it?

The next thing she knew, she was being woken by a soft caress against her neck and she wanted nothing more than to curl into the feeling.

She woke slowly, trying to figure out what was going on, her body on fire and eager for more of that caress. "Don't stop," she whispered, still trying to wrap her mind around the feeling. "Please don't stop."

"I wish that was really you talking," Nazar said in her ear. His body was in pain, wanting to bury himself inside of her, but he knew she wasn't fully awake and, therefore, her pleading words couldn't be counted on as her true state of mind.

Nazar watched with growing desire as the lovely woman stretched on the soft, dark bed. She'd looked so sweet and tempting a moment ago with her long, black lashes resting against her pale skin. With her eyes closed, he could see the dark circles under her eyes and he realized that she hadn't been getting enough sleep.

It was a rare person that cared enough about a friend to go through this much trouble to find her. Nazar only had one other friend like that and it was an almost insane irony that this sweet woman's friend was with his own best friend.

While she'd slept, he'd searched through the rest of her e-mails and hadn't found anything but the one where her friend had taken a picture of the letter he'd handed to Rocco that night at the nightclub. How she'd gotten hold of it was probably an interesting story. Thankfully, she hadn't gotten a full picture of the details, but she'd gotten enough so that it looked illegal.

So there was nothing else he could do but keep his little beauty here with him until all of this blew over. As he looked down at her eyes fluttering open, he knew that it was a sacrifice that he was more than willing to make. He would devote the next few days to making sure this little spitfire didn't stumble onto something that would mess up the plan.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, still more than half asleep.

Nazar chuckled as she tried to push herself up onto her elbows, giving him a better view of her voluptuous curves as the fabric pulled back against her chest. He had a hard time keeping his eyes on her lovely features so, in the end, he simply gave up the fight and let his eyes wander over her delicious figure.

Nikki tried to wake up but she couldn't fight the battle with her fatigue. When she flopped back against the pillows, Nazar sighed and knew that he'd have to get more answers the following morning. She was simply too tired to answer any of his questions tonight.

Lifting her up, he carried her through his suite to the room down the hall from his. The guards that had been stationed outside of his doorway while he'd been gone followed him and opened the door. With a thud, he kicked the door closed and carried her straight through the elaborate suite and into the bedroom where he laid her down on the soft, white bed with the filmy curtains all around her. He slipped her shoes off of her tiny feet, almost chuckling at the way her toes curled up now that they were free. He pulled her jeans off of her long, soft-looking legs and when the temptation was too great, he pulled the blanket up to cover those limbs, not able to endure the sight of such perfect thighs or enticing calves for too long.

Soon, he promised. This woman would be in his bed and she wouldn't be screaming to get out. He'd have her right where he wanted her, he promised himself.

Chapter 5

Nikki woke up and stretched, feeling so much better. But as her eyes opened up, she was amazed to find herself in a strange room. Looking around, she noticed the gauzy curtains surrounding the bed, the white, fluffy blanket covering her bare legs and the sensuous silk pillows under her cheek. She didn't remember pulling her jeans off, but as she looked around, she realized that they were missing from the room.

She saw a silky robe draped over the back of a white, velvet covered chair and wondered about it, but didn't move, still trying to get her bearings on where she was. Slowly, her mind started functioning once again and she remembered the events of the previous night. Her hike into the country, hitch-hiking to get into the city, the dangerous, terrifying trip through the gates of the palace and her elation when she'd finally found her way into what she'd thought was an unguarded courtyard. And everything that happened after that.

She buried her face in the silk covered pillow beside her, wondering what he must be thinking of her after last night's kiss.

"Good morning," his deep voice said from the doorway, startling her off of the pillow.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded, pulling the silk sheet up higher over her body. "And where are my clothes?"

He chuckled as he walked into the bedroom, picking up the satiny material and bringing it closer. "I've been very busy while you slept, my beauty," he explained conversationally while he sat down next to her on the bed.

She tried to scoot out of his reach, but he simply leaned over her, placing his hand on the other side of her hip, trapping her. "I need to go home," she asserted. "I have to work."

He chuckled as he ran a finger down her bare arm. "Yet another lie," he commented. "You are a high school English teacher. A very good one, from what I've discovered." He waited and wasn't disappointed when her eyes widened in surprise. "And you are on vacation for the whole week, according to your supervisor. Since you have no family other than your friend Brianna and another woman named Rachel, you are perfectly free to spend the next several weeks in my company," he said smoothly.

Nikki had a hard time breathing, not sure what to say when he'd discovered so much information about her. "What do you want?"

One dark eyebrow went up and a slight smile formed on those hard lips. "You mean besides you in my bed, writhing underneath me as I fill you up with..." he couldn't finish since her hand was covering his mouth. He chuckled and pulled her hand away. "Since you don't want to hear about that, how about a challenge?"

She pushed back, scooting higher up onto the bed so her back was leaning against the headboard, and she wasn't so close to him. "What did you have in mind?" she asked warily.

His eyes moved slowly down her figure underneath the silk sheet, then back to hers with an intense heat as he looked down at her. "I will take you to your friend. And I guarantee that she is safe and sound."

Her eyes lit up but she could instantly tell that there was a catch. Her body curled back as if bracing for a hit of some kind. "But?" she prompted.

He smiled slightly, his hand reaching down to smooth along her calf. "But you have to do something for me." The fabric should have protected her from the intensity of his touch, but actually, the reverse happened. The light touch against the silk and her skin only caused more shivers to race through her body.

And then his words hit her, anger tamping down the desire she'd been feeling. "I'm not sleeping with you."

He chuckled again. "That is actually a foregone conclusion. It will happen, it is just a matter of when now. But that's not what I was offering as a challenge."

"What?" she asked, not answering his assertion about her sleeping with him, deciding the issue of sex should be avoided at all costs with this man.

"You said you were afraid of horses," he started off.

Uh oh. She definitely didn't like this topic. "Yes. What of it?" she asked, her chin going up defiantly. "It isn't a crime to be afraid of horses. And it isn't like they are important to my job."

He stood up and crossed his arms over his massive chest. He wasn't really smiling, but there was a look of satisfaction that made her cringe. "I will take you to your friend as soon as you show me you can ride a horse."

She gasped, horrified by the mere idea. "Why?"

His hand moved up to caress her cheek. "Because I think you will find that horses are wonderful animals. They are very gentle, very kind and loyal." He smiled slightly. His eye sending her a message she didn't completely understand. "Just like me."

She instantly shook her head. "No," she told him firmly.

One black eyebrow went up with her adamant reply. "I thought you were willing to do anything to find your friend."

"Choose something else."

He chuckled at her stubbornness, but shook his head. "You learn to ride, and I'll take you to her."

She shook her head. "I can't," she pleaded. "What else can I do? I'll do anything else."

His smile was swift in coming and she shivered at what she knew he was thinking. "Not that."

"You're going to have to face one of your fears, my love. Either make love with me or learn to ride a horse."

She shifted uncomfortably in her chair, furious with him for putting her into this kind of a position. "Why can't you just let both of us go? There's no reason you need to keep both of us captive like this."

He chuckled at her defense. "Ah, but there is a very strong reason. Unfortunately, your friend has stumbled onto something dangerous."

That broke through her anger and that fear over Bri's safety came rushing back. "Is Brianna okay?"

Instantly his features cleared of his amusement and he was quick to reassure her. "She's fine. And she's actually being protected by a good friend of mine."

Protected? By a friend of his? That didn't sound...right. Her eyes narrowed. "How do I know that? What proof can you offer me?"

He smiled at her intelligence. "You're going to have to trust me. And face up to at least one of your fears."

She huffed with irritation. "I'm not learning to ride a horse," she said obstinately. His smile was slow and sexy and she shook her head. "I'm not doing that either!"

He threw back his head and laughed. "Why don't you get dressed and I'll just introduce you to my stables? You won't even have to ride a horse today if you don't feel brave enough," he assured her.

She was almost quivering with emotions she didn't completely understand. "Why are you so intent on...teaching me to ride?"

He stood up and pulled her into his arms, his hands sliding down her waist to rest against her nearly naked hips. She still had her underwear, but the thin straps across each side of her hip gave her no protection from the heat of his hands. "I will answer your unasked question first. I want you. And if you were perfectly honest with me, you would admit that you feel the same towards me." He put a finger over her lips, effectively silencing her. "No, I don't want you to lie and deny it any longer." He waited a moment to ensure that she wouldn't argue back before he continued.

"I understand you have some trust issues. I know that learning to ride a horse is a bit like learning to trust a man. We're bigger, stronger and I'm probably more intimidating than what you're used to," he said, moving closer to her and holding her hips more firmly so she couldn't back up any more. "But if you learn to ride, learn that a horse is just like a man," he explained carefully, looking into her eyes to ensure that she understood his meaning, "then, when the time comes when I can help you with your friend, we will be much better off."

What he said made sense, but that was probably only because her mind was muddled from his touch and how close he was. And how tall. She sighed and tried to pull her hands out of his. "I can't think when you're touching me," she argued. "Why don't you give me some space?"

"Because space isn't what you need. You need to learn to trust me. And how are you going to trust me if you don't get to know me?" he countered.

She glared up at him. "Would you at least let me get dressed?" she demanded.

He looked down at her figure, looking all warm and sexy and wanted to tell her no. But he had bigger plans for her. "Of course," he finally said. "I have a few phone calls to make. I will meet you after you've eaten something. Will that work?"

She was so surprised by the question, she actually laughed. "Yes. I believe that schedule works with mine at the current time," she responded, teasing him about his formal question and the fact that he was asking her about something she didn't think she had much choice in.

He winked down at her before turning and leaving the room.

An hour later, Nikki felt her skin start to tingle and instantly knew that Nazar was approaching. Sure enough, she looked up and he was striding in her direction, his dark eyes assessing her as if she might have been wounded at some point. Or maybe his perusal was more lascivious.

"You look perfect," he murmured as he took her hands, lifting her out of her chair so he could more fully look at her figure in the tight fitting riding breeches his staff had provided for her. It wasn't as if she'd had a choice. She'd slipped into the adjoining bathroom of the room where she'd slept and when she'd come out, her tee-shirt, jeans, even her underwear, had disappeared. The only items of clothing she could find were these riding clothes. The clothing was one thing. It was the underwear laid out for her that had widened her eyes with surprise. And secret delight.

Which was a bit disconcerting, since she normally wore plain, functional cotton underwear. The little bits of lace that she'd found waiting for her barely constituted underwear in her mind. But since it had been all she had, she was wearing it. She couldn't complain about the comfort. The bits of lace were surprisingly comfortable. But she was painfully conscious of how sexy - and small - the pieces were. And how they felt against her skin - soft and sensual, making her feel...decadent.

She didn't want to spin around, but his hands twisted ever so gently and she was once again turning for him, ending up plastered against his hard muscles. "Again, did I really have a choice since you took away all my other clothes while I showered?" she asked, irritated that he was getting his way once again.

His eyes brightened as his hands slipped down against her bottom. Despite trying to grab his wrist, she couldn't stop him but she knew the exact moment that he'd discovered what kind of underwear she was now wearing. Or barely wearing, she thought with a shiver. She couldn't suppress that shiver when his large, warm hand covered her basically bare bottom.

His smile told her that he was fully aware of what she was, or wasn't, wearing. And he fully approved. "Your clothes were simply taken away to be laundered. They will be returned to you later. But for now, let us ride," he commanded.

Nikki had initially been too overwhelmed by his approach to appreciate his attire, but seeing him now, she realized that he was in riding breeches as well and they hugged his long, muscular legs perfectly. She had to pull her eyes away for fear that she'd be caught looking at the....well, the wrong parts of his anatomy.

A few minutes later, they moved from the bright sunshine to the darker interior of the stables. As they moved through the center of the stable area, the horses poked their heads out of the stalls for a moment before moving back to eating their hay. The stables smelled musty, earthy, but they didn't smell like manure as she'd always assumed. It was a nice smell, she thought. Almost as nice as... She stopped herself quickly before Nazar's scent came to mind and she forced herself to think of chocolate instead.

"This is Midas," he explained when a large, black horse poked his head out of one of the stalls. The horse instantly started nuzzling Nazar's hand.

"What's he doing?" she asked, taking a step backwards.

"Looking for affection," Nazar explained, rubbing the horse's nose and face. "Come," he commanded and extended his hand for Nikki.

Instantly she shook her head, crossing her arms over her chest. "No thanks. I'll just appreciate the largeness of the animal from a distance."

Nazar was having none of that. "Come," he commanded again and pulled her closer. Taking one of her hands, he guided her over to the horse's nose. "Feel his nose. He won't bite if you put your hand up here."

She took that to mean he would bite her if she put her hand anywhere else! Nikki could barely breathe as she watched the horse's extremely large nostrils flare. "Why is he doing that?" she asked.

"He's smelling you," Nazar explained, moving behind her. "Just like I enjoy doing," he said and bent his head to run his nose against her hair. "You smell delicious," he teased. "Midas and I both like your smell."

"You're not going to make me ride this horse, are you?" she asked nervously, but her fingers floated higher, feeling the soft nose and bristly whiskers of the horse.

He chuckled at the thought of a beginner on a stallion. "No. Midas is too strong for you. Maybe when you're a more experienced rider, I'll let you try Midas. But you'll need to start off on a more gentle horse."

Nikki looked at the enormous horse and pulled her hand away. "I think he's very kind," she replied politely, trying to pretend that she wasn't afraid.

She spun around, putting several feet between her and both the man as well as the horse. "You know, I'm also afraid of cooking. Why don't I just learn to bake you a cake or cookies?" She looked up at him hopefully, praying he'd take her up on it. "How about a chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and," she tried to remember the birthday cake Rachel had baked her on her last birthday, "and that chocolate ganache stuff in the middle?" She actually had no idea how to cook, preferred buying anything she needed and popping a meal into the microwave if she didn't feel like cutting up the ingredients for a salad. But it wasn't as if she were genuinely afraid of cooking. Not like she was of horses. Or this man.

He chuckled. "That's fascinating and perhaps we'll have that for dessert tonight, now that you mention it. But no. I love riding and so that means you're going to have to learn to ride."

She sighed and leaned against the wall on the opposite side from Midas, watching with an odd sense of jealousy while Nazar stroked the horse's neck and nose. "That doesn't make a lot of sense. It isn't like you need me to ride."

Nazar looked at her and Nikki actually caught her breath at the secret message she saw there. "What?" she asked, not liking the way he was looking at her.

He shook his head and gave Midas one more pat, then moved farther down the stable midway. "Where are we going now?" she asked, her heart pounding simply because he was holding her hand.

"I'm going to introduce you to your horse," he explained.

Nikki watched with both horror and an odd sort of fascination as a brown horse seemed to dance around the corner, led by one of the stable hands.

"This is Nella," he explained when the horse stopped right in front of the two of them. He took the lead rein from the stable hand but didn't release her hand. "She's very sweet and very gentle. She'll be the horse you learn to ride on."

The brown nose and pretty brown eyes looked right back at Nikki. She wasn't even aware of pressing her body against Nazar's side for protection but he knew exactly what she was doing and wrapped his arm around her waist. "Go ahead and pet her, just like you did with Midas."

Nikki shook her head and kept her hands right where they were, on his forearms as if she needed him to keep his arms right where they were, like a shield protecting her from the world. "No. I'm fine just looking at her."

The horse wasn't having any of that. She moved slightly closer and sniffed, nostrils flaring, whiskers tickling and Nikki held her breath, bracing herself to feel the horrible bite of those enormous teeth or the crush of those hooves on her bones. When nothing happened but the tickling, she opened her eyes again and looked up. The brown eyes simply stared right back at her. Nikki swore if the horse could, it would be smirking back at her. But since the horse couldn't, she looked up at Nazar and, sure enough, he was doing the smirking for the animal.

"Fine!" she groused and slowly lifted her hand again, feeling the warm, soft nose, almost laughing when the horse sniffed her fingers, causing warm air to blow onto her skin. "She's very nice."

"So you'll ride Nella," he said with satisfaction, nodding to the stable hand.

Nikki swung around, about to argue but before she could get the words out of her mouth, Nella put her nose right next to her face and Nikki froze. Nazar chuckled and shook his head. "It looks like Nella really likes you," he explained.

"Why do you say that?" Nikki asked, barely able to turn her head to see the animal for fear of those teeth that were now even closer to her skin.

"Well, first of all, Nella likes everyone. But the fact that she didn't back up and snort or try to pull away is her way of showing you that she's now your friend."

Nikki doubted that the animal was smart enough to tell anyone all that, especially by only putting her head close, but she didn't argue with Nazar.

He moved in behind her once again and took her hand, lifting it up to Nella's neck. "Here, pet her along her neck and coat like this," he explained and rubbed her hand against the brown fur. "Horses like to be petted," he told her. "Just like humans like being touched." He wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her back against his chest as he continued to rub her hand against the horse. "When you pet the horse like this, it reminds the animal of how her mother would lick her, which is the mother's way of cleaning and soothing her offspring."

Nikki resisted for a moment, but when the horse didn't do anything startling, she petted the animal herself. "How did you learn to ride?" she asked, almost smiling when Nazar released her hand but didn't move his arm from around her waist. She should object, but it simply felt too nice.

"I learned on a pony when I was about three or four years old. Unless I'm traveling, there isn't a day that goes by when I don't ride."

That was startling. "Really? I would think you have too many other issues on your priority list to take the time to ride."

He smiled slightly. "I do some of my best thinking while riding Midas. Sometimes we race through the desert and other times, we trot through the field but riding helps me think, clears my mind and gets me to work through problems better. So yes, there are many pressures on my mind, but they would be even worse if I didn't take the time to mentally work through those problems in my own way."

She was actually fascinated by that idea. "How long do you ride each day?" she asked, curious about this side of him. She would have pictured him as a hard core workaholic. Not someone who tried to balance his life. "And how many hours do you work each day?"

He handed her the reins, "Keep your hand under his chin and gently tug her this way. She'll follow wherever you want her to go, but remember that she's bigger than you and needs space to turn around." He waited until she had the reins before he answered her question. "I don't know how many hours I work each week and I'm sure it's just like any other employee. It depends on what's going on. If I have meetings or a crisis, there have been times when I haven't gone to sleep several nights in a row. If things are running smoothly, I take the occasional afternoon off and go for a longer ride or a swim."

She continued to ask him questions. All the while, he showed her how to brush and groom Nella. With the distraction of his voice and his male body so close to hers, she actually forgot to be nervous of the animal.

"Ready to get on her?" he asked, waving to someone behind her.

Nikki turned around to see what was going on and was horrified to see that there were three grooms coming towards Nella. One had a saddle, the other a bridle and the other was leading Midas out, already saddled up. "What's going on?" she asked warily, pulling back but Nazar wouldn't let her go too far, keeping hold of her hand gently but firmly.

"Nikki, you've been working around the animal for the past forty minutes. You know by now that Nella is not going to hurt you."

"Yes, she's fine while I'm here on the ground next to her. There's no way I'm getting on top of her. That wasn't in the plan for the day."

He chuckled and shook his head. "It was always in the plan for the day."

"No, you said to just come down and see the horses. You didn't say anything about riding any horse. I've seen the horse. I've groomed the horse. I'm ready to let the horse do whatever horses do while I do what humans do."

He took her hand and led her closer. The grooms pulled back, having saddled the horse and Nazar tested the bit and the girth, the strap underneath the horse's stomach that held the saddle firmly in place. "Humans have been riding horses since the beginning of time, Nikki."

"That doesn't make it right," she countered belligerently.

"Horses enjoy riding with their owners," he argued. "And if you'll get on Nella, I'll show you."

She shook her head and started to back away. But Nazar realized that this was one of those "prove it" moments. She'd never believe that the horse was gentle until she tried to rider her. So instead of arguing, he simply lifted her up and placed her on the saddle.

He let the shock of being on top of the horse settle in before he moved Nella forward. "Are you okay?" he asked.

Nikki wasn't sure if she was okay or just frozen. She was so high up, it was hard to believe. "Can't I have a shorter horse?" she whispered, her lips white from fear.

Nazar looked at her, seeing the terror in her eyes. He walked beside her, placing his hand on her thigh, distracting her. It worked instantly. "You're going to be okay, Nicole. Just look into my eyes."

Nikki heard the soft, coaxing voice and couldn't help but follow his command. Looking down into his dark, concerned eyes, she drew strength from him, felt the power in his hand on her thigh. And then it hit her...his hand was on her thigh and all those crazy, sexual feelings overwhelmed her fear of being on top of the horse. Her eyes dropped from his to her thigh, looking at his dark hand against the tan of her riding pants.

He moved his hand slightly, trying to give her both comfort and distraction. "See? Nella doesn't mind you being on her shoulders at all."

"I'm on her back," she countered. "Horses don't have shoulders."

He laughed softly and shook his head. "Actually, you're more on her shoulders than you realize. A few inches back and you'd be on her spine and you might hurt her, but here on her shoulders, she has a lot of strength. She's perfectly fine." He saw the doubt in her eyes. "Think about a toddler riding on the shoulders of his father. The toddler's weight is so small compared to that of his father, the dad doesn't even feel it. The only concern the father has is not letting his child fall off of his shoulders." He let that sink in for a moment. "A horse feels the same way. In fact, if you lean to the right or the left, the horse assumes you're turning that way as well and will move with you. They are very sensitive to your movements."

Nikki tried to listen to what he was telling her, but in reality, she was too focused on his hand and the way it felt against her leg. "I don't...."

"Don't think. Riding a horse is all about feeling, about being one with the horse."

She didn't believe him, but she wasn't going to argue with him. She suddenly realized that, the sooner he got through this lesson, the faster she could get off the horse. "I'm fine," she replied and her eyes looked back down at his hand, still resting on her thigh.

Nazar saw her silent admonition to remove his hand, but he ignored it. "So how do you feel?"

"Everything is fine. I'm fine. The horse is fine."

She was jabbering and knew it, but between her fear of the horse and the heat in his hand, she was struggling to concentrate on his words.

"So you're all fine. Let's go out," said.

Nikki stiffened and saw the horse's head move back and forth. "Did I hurt her?" she asked nervously.

Nella snorted again and Nazar took hold of the reins under her chin. "You haven't done anything. She just senses your nervousness. She's talking to you if you'd care to listen."

Nikki didn't reply, not sure if she'd ever believe that the horse was actually speaking, but if he believed it, who was she to judge. So the man had a screw loose! She'd done some crazy things in her life as well. Mainly, coming here, thinking she could free her friend from the palace prison.

As Nazar walked the horse and Nikki, out into the sunshine, she looked down at him, wondering about why he was doing this. Why didn't he just toss her in a prison or have his wicked way with her? The man certainly had the power. He had the authority to do the first, and he knew she was attracted to him enough so he could accomplish the second. The man was definitely a mystery. And she didn't like mysteries. Rachel liked figuring out puzzles and Brianna was good at reading people. Nikki was just good at reading, writing and barreling through life. She wouldn't put up with crap from her students, even if it was just one of them trying to get out of their homework.

She sighed and held onto the reins more tightly.

When Nazar stopped and looked up at her, he came closer. "Okay, here are a few tips." He took her foot and settled it into the stirrup. "Keep your heels down and don't put your full foot into the stirrup."

"Why not?" she asked, looking down and trying to see her foot. "And why heels down?"

He went through all the reasons, explaining that the stirrup would automatically release if she fell off, but it was safer to keep the bar of the stirrup on the balls of her feet. Keeping her heels lower meant that she would have better balance. She nodded her head to each thing he said, but there was a lot to remember. When he was finished, he looked up at her and said, "Got all that?"

She only nodded, too terrified of what was to come next. "I think so."

He smiled, realizing she had no clue what he'd just said. "We're just going to walk around. You're going to be okay."

She nodded again, not feeling very confident despite his reassurances.

Nazar walked forward, a nice, slow walk. The horse moved along with him and, after a few minutes, she thought it might be okay. "Keep your chest up," he told her. "Your hands need to hold the reins like this," he said and showed her how to grip them so they wouldn't slip. "And you're too stiff. Move with the horse."

Nikki had no idea how to move with the horse but she straightened her spine.

"Look where you're going, not down at the horse. Nella will take care of you. Just tell her where you want to go."

"I thought you were telling her where to go!" she snapped but looked up, straight between the fuzzy ears in front of her that twitched with her harsh voice.

Nazar chuckled, liking the way she was getting feisty again. He preferred her like this rather than scared. It was more akin to her normal personality. "You look upwards so you know where to guide her. And yes, I'm guiding her, but you should also be using your legs to guide the horse too."

That stumped her. "My legs? I thought I was only using them to stay on the horse!"

He looked up at her, then down at her legs. "Your legs do keep you in the saddle. They also tell the horse to turn right or left, back up, stop or even speed up."

She looked down at him, not believing him at all. "Are you teasing me?" she asked, growing irritated by everything she had to remember.

He laughed. "No. It seems like a lot, but in a few lessons, this will all be instinctive. I promise."

She grimaced as if she were still doubtful. "Okay, so I'm riding the horse. This means I've accomplished your challenge, right?"

Nikki was more than ready to get down off of the horse. Nella definitely wasn't as scary as she'd originally thought, but that didn't mean she wanted to continue.

"The challenge was for you to ride the horse. Right now, you're just sitting in the saddle while I lead the horse around in circles."

She grimaced at that because it was true. "Perhaps you should more completely define what you would consider 'riding', please?" She shifted in the saddle, trying to get more comfortable. But she suspected that sitting on a horse would never be comfortable. She had an enormous animal between her legs that could bolt and tear off into the sunset at any moment. It wasn't a comforting thought.

His eyes moved to her backside and, as soon as she saw the heat flare in his eyes again, she sat absolutely still. He looked back up into her eyes again, silently telling her he understood what she was doing and it didn't matter. Then chuckled when her cheeks flared a becoming shade of pink.

"Good color on you," he muttered.

"Too much sun," she replied back, looking away from him.

"Right," he said, knowing the truth. "As for riding, when you do an acceptable posting trot, then we'll talk."

She shook her head. "Oh no! We're not going with that ambiguous 'talk'. You're going to define what I have to do."

He smothered yet another chuckle. Damn he liked this woman. She was direct, funny and beautiful. A dangerous combination. "Fine. Since you want an absolute, you'll have to give me a perfect posting trot."

She stared down at him as if he'd just spoken Greek. "What is a posting trot?" Her stomach tensed with the direction. She briefly considered option B but then shook her head, mentally dismissing the idea as ludicrous.

His grin widened. "You were thinking about the other possibility, weren't you?" As he watched her cheeks turn that beautiful shade of pink again, his body hardened, making him almost wish she weren't so stuck on this horseback riding lesson. But he'd already made up his mind and had to pull back. Patience was the most important issue with this little beauty, he reminded himself. In the end, he was sure he would succeed with his ultimate goal.

"A posting trot is when you're lifting yourself up with a rhythm. You've probably seen riders do this before." He waved over to the stable hand who had been holding Midas. "I'll show you."

Nikki was nervous for a moment when he released the reins on Nella but then she saw him striding over to the larger horse and her mind was completely distracted. She watched with fascination as Nazar took the reins and lifted himself onto the horse as if he'd actually flown up into the saddle. A moment later, he was walking the horse over to where she and Nella were waiting. "Watch me," he commanded. With a flick of his heels, the stallion leapt forward.

She couldn't believe how amazing the man looked as he rode through the sunshine. She'd thought he looked sexy when he walked, but that wasn't even close to how he looked as he rode the amazing horse. They were like one, riding together and she could barely see him giving the animal directions but the two of them turned to the right and the left. And she saw the rhythm and her face flamed as images of the man in another...completely different scenario popped into her head.

And then he was right back next to her and she looked up at him, unaware that her mouth was open in awe and a clawing need that she didn't completely understand. "That was...." She swallowed, not sure what to say.

Nazar saw the flush on her cheeks and his body hardened even more. Gritting his teeth, he tamped down the surge of lust and focused on helping her learn to ride. He suspected she would really enjoy it once she got the hang of it. "Your turn. Don't try and go fast. Just put your heels to her belly and ask her walk."

Nikki took the reins in her hand and said, "Walk," to the horse, touching her heels delicately to Nella's belly. The horse just stood there.

She heard the chuckle but refused to look at him. "A little harder. She needs to really make sure you want her to go."

Nikki glared at him and then turned her head forward. "Walk," she said with a firmer voice and nudged the horse in her belly once again.

Nazar grinned, but kept his amusement silent. "By nudging her in the belly, you're telling her to move forward. You don't really need to say the words, but some horses can be trained to listen to voice commands."

For the next hour, Nikki listened to his instructions, determined to do everything perfectly so she could get this trotting stuff out of the way. Heels down, nudge to the right, nudge to the left, stop, go, sit up straight, heels down, right, left.....over and over again he called out commands. And poor Nella just went around in circles, probably bored out of her mind.

Nikki could feel the muscles in her inner thighs starting to burn but she didn't say anything, ignoring the pain so she could learn the next step. She was determined to learn it all, and now it wasn't just because of Brianna. She was just as determined to show that obnoxious man that she could do this, that she wasn't an imbecile. And there was a small part of her that wanted to prove to herself that she could overcome her fear of the horse. She had to admit, Nella really was a kind animal. She just continued to follow Nikki's instructions, never once showing any sign of impatience.

"Okay, I think that's enough for now," Nazar called out, riding over to her and pulling on Nella's reins.

Nella apparently didn't like Midas being so close and tried to step away, but Nazar pulled on her bit, settling the horse down. "You look tired. Why don't we go back inside and cool down?"

Nikki shook her head. "No. I can do more. We haven't trotted yet. You said I had to trot."

"You can't do this all in one day, Nicole," he cautioned. "You're using muscles that you aren't used to using. You'll be painfully sore by tomorrow just from today's lesson."

Nikki didn't care, especially when he implied she would be here for several days. "How long is this going to take me?" she demanded even while one of the stable hands rushed over to grab the reins and take the horses, leading them back to the stables.

"It depends on how quickly you pick things up." He pulled her into the darkness of the stables and Nikki looked around, worried that they were in a quiet, obviously unoccupied area. "How determined are you to get away from me?"

Nikki tried to pull back, but she wasn't able to with his hand holding her like this. "Pretty determined," she asserted, feeling her heart rate increase once again. "Don't you have work to do?"

He smiled down at her. "Who says I'm not doing state business now?" he asked, his voice husky and low.

"You're not. You're just standing here trying to intimidate me."

His hands moved down to her waist. "Am I intimidating you?"

She took a breath, trying to step away but he only maneuvered her against the wooden door of the stall. "No. I won't let you intimidate me."

"Good," he replied, dipping his head and taking her earlobe between his teeth and nipping ever so slightly. Not enough to cause pain, but enough to send streaks of need throughout her whole body.

"What are you doing?" she gasped, trying to pull back, but her body had other ideas. "Don't you have work to do?" Was that her voice? It sounded breathy and...wrong!

"I like this better than anything waiting for me in my office," he countered. "Stop wiggling. It's turning me on even more and I'm trying to kiss you."

"I don't want you to kiss me!" she squeaked and moved again, trying to get away from him but the friction of their bodies was doing things to her as well. Things she didn't want to define. "Oh!" She jumped when she felt his hands move up higher along her waist. "What are you doing now?"

"You won't let me kiss you. So I'm doing all the other things I want to do to you."

She grabbed his wrists and looked up into his eyes. And that was the end of her resistance. His mouth swooped down, covering hers and Nikki couldn't even complain because it felt so perfect. So wonderful to finally know. To finally feel what his lips would be like. She couldn't believe that she'd waited this long to feel something so...powerful! So perfect.

Her hands moved from his wrists upwards, sliding along his arms, exploring the muscles there before wrapping around his neck so she could pull herself higher, wanting to feel him against her.

She whimpered, but wasn't aware that it was her voice that made the sound. "Nazar," she sighed when she felt his hands move against her skin. She wasn't even cognizant that his hand had slipped underneath the shirt she was wearing and didn't care. All she knew was that this man was touching her and if he stopped, she might just fall over in a puddle of need.

"Come back to my room," he groaned, his hands gripping her hips and pulling them against his own.

She looked up at him, fully aware of the hardness pressing against her stomach and aware of what it meant. "I can't do that," she sighed and even those words came out with frustration. "I can't!" And then she realized the position they were in and pulled out of his arms, relieved when he let her go.

Her eyes looked back at him. All of him. And she swallowed...hard.

Looking away, she tried to control the shivering in her body, not sure how to deal with what had almost happened. "I have to go," she whispered, wrapping her arms around her stomach, feeling like she wanted to burst into tears but not sure exactly why. Was it because of what they'd done? Or because they'd stopped? She suspected she knew the answer but was hiding from it pretty well. She was pretty much an expert at avoiding controversial subjects and sex with Nazar topped her list of scary and controversial issues.

Nazar took several deep breaths, trying to get his need under control. He'd meant only to kiss her, sensing something about her that he couldn't quite define. She was different in so many ways from the women he was used to, and he wasn't exactly sure how to go about dealing with her. His need to possess her, to imprint himself on her so completely was a sensation that was driving him hard. And also a need that he had to hold back on. She was scared of what was going on and he had to be patient.

When he had himself back under control, he looked up, prepared to walk her back into the palace. But she was gone!

"Where did she go?" Nazar demanded of one of his guards.

Yousef stood up straighter and bowed slightly. "She went inside the palace, Your Highness."

"Is she okay?" he couldn't believe he'd been so focused on getting his lust back under control that he hadn't even noticed the woman leaving the stables. What was she doing to him?

Ah, but it would only be that much stronger when she actually relaxed her guard and they could be together. The little lady was his, he knew that. But how long could she hold out? Perhaps that was the question he needed to whittle down.

"She is heading towards her rooms, Your Highness," Yousef said after asking the question in his microphone.

Nazar nodded his head, accepting that she was safe. "Be sure she doesn't get lost," he told his body guard. "She needs to be protected from herself as much as the outsiders who might try to harm her. See to it," he told him.

Yousef completely understood the message and lifted the hidden microphone to relay the message. The palace guards would be rearranging several schedules with that one command, but they were also relieved to have the decision made, even if they were still smarting from the woman in question getting past their defenses.

Nikki hurried through the beautiful, elaborate halls, finally finding her way back to the room she'd been in last night. She wasn't sure why she went there, but as soon as she closed the door, all she wanted was a shower. She smelled like horse and, although it wasn't a horrible smell, she needed to wash it off quickly.

Stepping into the shower, the hot water melted away the tension she'd been feeling after her latest encounter with Nazar. She closed her eyes, wishing his hands were back on her body. When she started to get out of control again, she ruthlessly turned the water to cold, thinking a cold shower might calm her down. But when the freezing water splashed onto her body, she yelped and jumped out. Okay, cold showers were not the answer! Why would anyone do that?

She grabbed a fluffy white towel and dried herself off, then wrapped it around her, not sure what she could wear. But as soon as she opened the closet, she saw all the other clothes. There were beautiful slacks and bright shirts and sweaters, lovely suits and skirts...and evening gowns! She'd never had a reason to wear an evening gown, not even in high school because she, Brianna and Rachel had pooled all their money for Rachel to invest so they hadn't wanted to pull it out to buy prom dresses. The evening of their prom night, they'd hidden out at Rachel's house, going down to the creek and talking about how much happier they were not going to the prom, lying through their teeth.

Looking at all of the lovely colors, her fingers slid over the dresses, feeling the exquisite fabrics and loving all of them. She couldn't believe all the colors and creative designs, thinking she might have died and gone to heaven.

And then reality hit her. There was no way these clothes were meant for her. They were lovely, but she wouldn't be here long enough to wear any of them. She found a pair of slacks that didn't look too expensive, as well as a plain shirt that fit her perfectly. She glanced longingly at the other outfits, but firmly closed the closet door on the beautiful clothes. She was here for only a few days. The owner of these clothes would want them back as soon as Nikki vacated the room.

Which brought another issue to mind. Whose room was this? It was amazingly lovely, but obviously someone lived here, otherwise, there wouldn't be so many clothes in the closet.

She shrugged her shoulders and moved to the door, wondering what she could do while she waited for...well, for whatever was going to happen next. Maybe she could find Nazar and ask him...Ugh! She had no idea what to ask him! She couldn't figure out what was going on here. This was crazy! Why was she in the palace? Why was she stashed in someone's room? And what was going on with Brianna?

For some bizarre reason, she believed Nazar when he'd told her that Bri was okay. Why Nikki believed him now, she had no idea. There was just something in his eyes that radiated his honesty.

She thought about the press conference and his reaction to her question. Could the market manipulations and Bri's disappearance be completely unrelated? It was such a huge coincidence. And how could Nazar have found her friend so quickly? What did he know? What wasn't he telling her?

Her head fell onto her hands as the entire situation really started to overwhelm her. She couldn't believe what a mess her life had become. Just a few days ago, she'd been working at school, teaching classes and running tedious errands like a normal person. Now she was trapped in a palace in a foreign country, avoiding the relentless, aching need one tall, strong man created within her and trying to figure out how to ride a horse.

A horse!

Goodness, Rachel and Brianna would laugh themselves silly if they could see her on a horse!

Oh, what had she gotten into?!

Chapter 6

"Relax more!" Nazar called out from the opposite side of the ring.

Nikki gripped the reins and refused to glare at him. "I am relaxed," she mumbled, trying to convince Nella to turn to the right. This was only her second lesson but her legs made it feel like it was her tenth.

A whistle behind her caused the horse to turn and Nikki wanted to scream out because Nella was following Nazar's orders and not her commands! "Darn it!" she mumbled, furious with him. She just couldn't look at him, not able to face the smirk in his eyes.

"Nicole, why are you so tense?" he asked, taking Nella's reins under the horse's chin. "You have to move with the horse. You're so stiff, she's not sure what you're telling her.

Nikki had a few things she wanted to tell him, but she kept her mouth shut.

"Take her back through the barrels," he commanded.

With a groan of resignation, she turned Nella around, bracing herself for another round through the barrels. The horse was still walking because Nazar wouldn't let her go any faster. Not that Nikki knew how to get the horse to go faster! Nella simply plodded away while Nikki struggled to get the enormous animal to turn right or left. Maybe it was better that Nella remained at a walk, but that didn't help her with her goal of a stupid posting trot.

"Relax! Move your hips!" he called.

Nikki hadn't realized how far away she was until she heard his voice in the distance. She immediately turned Nella around, heading back towards the other end of the ring. She wasn't going to admit that she didn't like being too far away from Nazar. And even if that were the issue, it was only because she was learning something new and was still terrified. Not that she liked being near him. That wasn't it at all!

"Your hips should roll more. It helps Nella to walk easier."

She turned to the right, heading through the middle of the ring instead of coming closer to him. "Roll my hips! Relax. Walk easier!" she grumbled, turning away so he couldn't even see her mouth moving as she tried to figure out what he was talking about. "How in the world does one roll hips? What does that even mean?"

And suddenly he was right beside her! She just about jumped out of her skin when he moved closer on Midas. "It means, you need to move with the horse like this," he said with a glint in his eyes. He didn't have to raise his voice in any way since he was so close. "Your hips follow the rhythm of the horse's movements," he said and showed her. His shoulders were basically still while his hips took on all the movement. Nikki stared at him for several minutes, amazed at how he appeared to be melded to the horse. They were one.

He turned Midas around again and walked back to her. "Like this," he said and lifted her off of Nella, plunking her down right in front of him. She gasped when she felt his strong arms around her, stunned by the sudden heat surrounding her as his arms wrapped around her waist. "Just relax," he said, his forearm coming to rest against her stomach, pushing her back against his chest while his other hand held onto the reins.

Nikki knew with absolute certainty that this position was not conducive to any kind of relaxation. He bent his head lower, his voice deep and husky in her ear. "Why are you so tense?" he asked. The hand that was around her waist moved even lower. "Just pretend like you're having sex. Think of being on top and moving, shifting with your lover for maximum pleasure."

With those words, an image popped into her mind and she was grateful he was behind her and couldn't see her pink cheeks.

And then things got much worse!

"Here," he said low and seductively in her ear, his hand pressing her hips against his, "feel the way I'm moving." Oh, she definitely felt it. "Move your hips with mine, Nicole. Just sway with the rhythm."

For about five seconds, she wasn't able to do anything but move the same way, her hips shifting, angling ever so slightly against his. She honestly did feel Midas' movements more, adjusting her hips ever so slightly so that she was moving better with him. But the feeling was so erotic, she gasped and looked over her shoulder at Nazar.

He was feeling it too. She could see it in his dark eyes that told her he was just as on fire as she was. He was imagining exactly what he'd described.

Her mind shut down and her body took over, swaying as Midas moved across the ring, his enormous shoulders lumbering onward as she imagined moving on top of Nazar. The feeling, the images in her mind, were so intense, she just about whimpered.

She couldn't handle this! He was too intense! She was out of her league with him and he had no idea!

"I have to stop," she said, trying to sound assertive but her voice was barely above a whisper.

"No you don't. You need to keep going. You've finally found the rhythm." He groaned when she shifted against him, his hand moving even lower on her hip so that his hand was almost on her thigh. "Don't stop, Nicole."

She couldn't halt the shiver that traveled throughout her whole body. "We have to stop."

"No we don't," and he bent lower, kissing her neck, nibbling on the sensitive skin. "Just keep that image in your mind, Nicole. Show me how you move. Show me what you like."

She gasped again when his hand moved higher, resting just under her breast. She'd never felt anything so erotic, so sensuous. It was almost like he was making love to her on the horse. "I can't!" she almost cried out, her body so inflamed and she didn't understand how to handle him, how to fight him and she was too scared of what he made her feel to accept him. That only left retreat.

"Let me down!" she told him and pulled her back away from his chest, her hand grabbing his wrist and releasing his hold. Perhaps if he hadn't been in the same state of mind that she'd been in, which had been totally lost in the sensuous moment and all of that moment's possibilities, he wouldn't have released her so readily. But she'd surprised him so she was able to almost jump down while Midas was still moving.

When she thought about it afterwards, jumping off of a moving horse - especially one as strong and ready to bolt as Midas - was an extremely bad idea. Thankfully, Nazar was a strong enough horseman that he was able to control the horse while Nikki ran away.

She'd thought that she would make it all the way to the stables before he could reach her. But obviously she hadn't been thinking clearly. Nazar was on a huge animal with long legs, four of them! Those four legs were much faster at covering the distance than her two much shorter legs were at creating the distance.

So it shouldn't have been a surprise when Nazar leapt off of Midas right next to her, grabbing her quickly and stopping her planned disappearance.

"What just happened here, Nicole? Why are you running?" he demanded, almost furious with her, both for putting herself in danger by such a stupid move as well as livid that she was once again ignoring the passion their bodies incited within each other.

"I don't know! I don't know anything!" she yelled out.

Nazar signaled to a stable hand, passing Midas off quickly before he took Nikki into the shaded cover of the stable. "What don't you know?"

"I don't know how to do that! I don't know how to move like that!" she waved her hands wildly out to the ring for explanation. "I've never..." she saw the stunned look in his eyes as the tears of frustration and fear clogged her throat, making further, or even more coherent, explanations difficult. "I don't know how to do that!"

She tried to yank her arm free, but he only tightened his grip which hurt her arm. With a muttered curse, he pulled her deeper into the stable. "What are you telling me?"

He had her pinned to the wall of a stall, his lower body holding her in place while his hands plastered against the wood behind her.

Nikki closed her eyes, imagining herself...and him...and her on top of him...riding like that... The image made her shiver again and she bit her lip. Taking a deep breath, she leaned her head back but refused to look at him. "You're asking me to do things that are outside of my experience."

There! She'd said it. And she didn't care if he laughed at her. Or if he thought she was ridiculous for being twenty-five and never having had sex before. Other men had laughed and she'd scoffed at them, more than able to walk away from those relationships because they hadn't done anything for her. Hadn't created any need in her to care about the man.

So why was her admission now so embarrassing? Why did she care about Nazar's reaction? She'd already accepted that he was too far out of her league.

She opened her eyes, bracing herself for either amusement or an irritating light of challenge, which was why Nikki was so startled to see tenderness in his eyes instead.

"I'm sorry, Nicole," he replied, his voice still deep and husky, but she suspected it was for a different reason now. "I didn't know." He took a deep breath and continued to watch her, his hand moving across her cheek, caressing her gently. And then, with amazing tenderness, he pulled her against, him. This wasn't a sexual embrace, she realized. Well, as much as anything with Nazar could be considered non-sexual, which was pretty much impossible. The man simply oozed sex appeal all the time. He couldn't help it.

But this embrace felt different. It was comforting. It was, and she might just be imagining this, accepting.

"Ah, Nicole. I'm sorry." He stroked her hair, her back, holding her close while his tall, strong body gave her a different sort of warmth than the ambient temperature of the stables. "I didn't know. And I never would have suspected, but you've been so different in every other sense, I should have simply assumed."

A part of her mind told her to pull out of his embrace. But it felt too incredibly nice. She actually leaned closer to him, her cheek resting against his muscular chest and she enjoyed hearing his heartbeat, loved the way his arms held her gently, as if she were something precious. And in that moment, she felt precious to him. It was a strange sensation to feel with someone like Nazar, but she didn't push him away. Nikki just stood there, feeling warm and cherished.

But eventually she pulled away. She couldn't accept his affection. She couldn't accept anything from this man. She'd worked too hard to stand on her own two feet, to not depend on anyone except Brianna and Rachel. Dependence meant getting hurt. It meant that eventually, that person would either walk away or be taken away. Life had cruelly taught her the hard way that needing someone was dangerous to one's mental strength.

"Anyway..." she said, feeling awkward as she pushed the hair out of her eyes. "I'll just..."

She backed away, unable to look at him. She didn't want to see what was in his eyes, not wanting to feel anything more for this man. He'd been kind but she was also somewhat ashamed of her status. What kind of woman was still a virgin at twenty-five? Either a woman who no one wanted, or a woman afraid of life. She was neither of those things, she reminded herself.

"So now that you know the truth, I imagine that you don't really need me to stay here any longer. I'm not experienced, I can't do fabulous sexual tricks that will blow your mind away and I won't have casual sex with you. So that just about eliminates all of your needs."

Nazar stared at her, not comprehending what she was talking about. Was she crazy? She was even more important to him now! He suddenly realized that Nikki was the woman he'd been waiting for.

Previous to this conversation, he'd wanted her. Quite desperately. More desperately than any other woman he'd ever run into. But now, knowing that she had never been touched by any man...well, he was enough of an old fashioned man to like the idea of being her only lover. Really like it. If he were a better man, a more enlightened man, he would be ashamed of his feelings. But he didn't care. All he cared about now was getting her to trust him enough so that all his other plans could fall into place, plans that were expanding even as the two of them stood in the earthy stables.

She spun around and started walking into the palace and for several seconds, he enjoyed the gentle sway of her hips, the feminine curve of her bottom and her slender, muscular legs. His Nicole wasn't one of those skinny women who starved themselves to stay thin. He realized that she was strong and muscular. She worked hard to maintain her figure. Not too thin though, which he liked. A lot. But those thighs had long, strong muscles underneath the smooth skin.

And he also realized that he hadn't responded to her comment about her leaving. No way in hell!

"Nikki!" he called out to her, almost smiling when he saw her shoulders tense with his voice. He moved closer to her, towering over her once again and he almost laughed at those nervous, beautiful eyes. "That only makes you more beautiful in my eyes, Nicole." He waited for his words to hit her then he said, "And you aren't going anywhere."

Her eyes widened with that declaration. "But..."

"No but's Nicole. We will be together. You need to accept that."

She shook her head, so confused she thought her head might explode. Or was that anger? She wasn't completely sure.

With a screech of fury, she swung around and raced away, running as fast as her legs could carry her. She didn't care where she was going and didn't really have a destination in mind other than just getting away from him. She couldn't believe how arrogant he was! How conceited. Why did he think he could simply keep a person in his dreary, old palace without her consent? It was kidnapping! Okay, so she'd snuck in here by herself but that didn't mean she had to stay! It didn't give him the right to keep her here!

Shoot! She hated being reasonable but there was the sticky little issue that he probably did have the right. In fact, he probably was being extremely generous in not throwing her in prison and forgetting about her. But goodness! At this point, she might prefer prison to what she could anticipate from him.

When she reached an empty room, she threw open the doors and slipped inside, grateful for the solitude so she could stomp around and get out all her frustrations. This situation was completely her fault. She'd come here, knowing what he was about, just trying to find her friend and she'd completely messed everything up. She didn't know where Brianna was other than some vague reassurance from Nazar that she was okay. She didn't have any way out. She had no way of contacting anyone and, she opened the doors to the room she'd just stumbled into, peering out into the hallway. Sure enough, the body guards were standing outside the door, neither one appeared to be even slightly out of breath from chasing after her.

How had they caught up with her? She'd been running fast and she hadn't seen them when she'd sprinted out of the stables. Well, maybe she hadn't been looking, but that was because Nazar had said things....she shook her head and slammed the door shut once again, pacing back and forth in the enormous room.

She shouldn't have told him about her sexual status, she thought. Maybe he thought of it simply as a challenge. In the past, other men had thought she just needed "to be touched in the right way" and had done all they could to convince her to let him be her first. She'd been repulsed by their efforts, irritated that they'd thought she just hadn't found the right guy.

Well, maybe that was true enough. No man affected her like Nazar did with just a simple touch. But that didn't mean she wanted him to be her first. Definitely not! No, she'd much rather find a man who was more sensitive. Someone who at least respected her right to not be kidnapped! Or kept prisoner!

Ugh! She'd really messed up.

She sat down in one of the comfortable sofas, absently impressed with how nice it really felt. But foremost in her mind was trying to push aside her anger and come up with a plan. So she'd messed up. She'd gotten herself into a pickle like no other pickle jar had ever seen. But what was she going to do to fix it? How was she going to get out of the pickle jar without falling into...fire? Brine?

Even she had to shake her head at how ridiculous her analogy had gotten. But the point was, she had to figure out what to do to get out of this mess. She was creative and resourceful. Somehow, someway, she had to leave this palace.

Chapter 7

Nikki pressed her ear to the door and listened, noting the silence. That didn't mean that the guards weren't there. It just meant they weren't chatting like she would be. Of course they would be more disciplined than she was. The memory of her and Brianna trying to sneak out of their foster home one night so they could meet Rachel at the school dance came to mind. They'd almost been caught simply because Nikki had been chattering on and on about something to Brianna.

Of course, Brianna had thought it was only because Nikki was fearless, that Nikki was chattering away as if to snub her nose at their foster home parents. In fact, the complete opposite was the case. When she was nervous about getting caught, the filter in her brain that would normally close her mouth just opened up and all the thoughts she was thinking simply jumped out.

If it hadn't been for Brianna clamping a hand over Nikki's mouth, their foster father would have caught them at the basement window that night. But Bri had saved the day. Or night, actually. With their silence, their foster father had retreated back to his position in front of the television set which had been blasting a baseball game but neither Brianna nor Nikki had moved until they'd heard him snoring again. The man had at least been consistent in his laziness if nothing else.

Nikki pushed aside all those bad memories and focused on the present. She wasn't sticking around here another day, she told herself mentally. She was getting out of here, getting away from that man. Nazar was more dangerous than she'd ever thought possible.

As she slipped through the glass doors to the courtyard that faced her room, she looked around, felt for the tall tree and pulled herself up. The branches weren't thick and strong like an oak tree, but they would hold her weight. At least for the few minutes it would take to pull herself up onto the courtyard wall. It was only nine o'clock at night, so she was hoping no one would suspect she was trying to get out right now. At least in the movies, people waited until two or three o'clock in the morning. She wasn't sure she could do it at that time of the night. She'd lost enough sleep over the past several days. Or nights, to be more specific.

She was just about to slide her legs over the top when she thought she heard something. Laying as still as possible, she tried to listen. It was hard though because her heart was racing so fast and the blood was pounding in her ears. But she slowed her breathing, closed her eyes and listened.

Nothing.

She let her breath out slowly, still carefully listening. There was a night bird calling to its mate in the distance, a few sounds of traffic, which was good because that was the sound she would head towards once she got through all the palace security.

Nikki slung her leg over the other side of the wall and carefully lowered herself as far as her legs could reach. She knew there wasn't a tree to help her down on this side so she was just going to have to fall. She remembered watching how the actors in movies did it. Just bend at the knees, let the momentum flow through her and she wouldn't break her legs. But her fingers continued to clench the edge of the wall while her mind worked through the release...and the possible issues after she released.

In the end, she knew she had to do it. And if she continued to hang here, procrastinating and imagining the worst, she was going to fall anyway. So why not just do it and get it over with?

With one more hope sent upwards for a safe landing, she forced her hands to release the top of the wall and...

The strong hands that wrapped around her bottom were definitely not what she was expecting. Nor was she expecting the angry growl in her ear as she was safely lowered, almost to the ground but Nazar pinned her up against the wall, not giving her even the freedom of her feet touching the ground as his body pressed up against hers.

She told herself it was just the adrenaline pumping through her, but she knew she was lying to herself. The shock wave of desire that spun her mind out of control when his leg pressed between hers was something that had her moaning with a blinding, raging need, unlike anything she'd ever known.

"What are you doing here?" she gasped, her hands gripping his strong shoulders. She wasn't going to press her hips against his, she told herself firmly. She wasn't going to enjoy the feeling of his strong body pinning hers so completely. No! She wasn't going to enjoy any of this!

Again, she knew she was lying since every cell in her body was clamoring for more of him. She was holding her breath, keeping herself from shifting, from moving so that he was pressed more perfectly against her.

"What am I doing here?" he demanded, his hands moving her hips exactly the way she wanted to do and she inhaled sharply. "I believe I am retrieving my prisoner before she can get herself killed!"

"You can't keep me here!" She wanted to yell that exclamation at him but it came out as more of a whisper because his hips moved against hers again. At least he didn't hear her moan, she told herself as she closed her eyes and bit her lower lip, trying to keep him from seeing her reactions.

"You think I can't?" he came right back. "I think you're wrong." He bent his head, lowering it inch by inch towards her mouth. "And what's more, you don't really want to escape me, do you?" he asked.

She opened her eyes and looked at him, realized what he was about to do and held her breath, wanting this kiss, wanting him so badly she ached deep down inside. "I do want to escape you."

"Why is that?" he asked, holding his lips just a breath away.

"Because you're dangerous."

He smiled! Actually smiled! "Only to you, my love," he said but wouldn't give her time to respond because his mouth covered hers,

Nikki had no idea how long they stood there. It might have been moments or hours. All she knew was that, when he pulled his mouth away, she wasn't ready. She wanted more!

"You were going over that next wall, weren't you?" he demanded, his hands clenching her waist while the rest of his body pinned her to the stone wall behind her.

She looked over his shoulder, both her eyes and her mind having trouble focusing. "Yes. I think that was my plan."

He cursed in his own language and his hands clenched her waist slightly harder before he released her. "Nikki, you don't even know the danger you're in, do you?"

She took a deep breath, trying to figure out what he was telling her but all she really wanted was for him to kiss her again. "I know I'm in danger if I stay here. I have to leave. I have to find my friend," she told him. But she'd only remembered Brianna at the last moment. Her primary goal was to get away from him, away from all these scary things he made her feel. She couldn't give in to him! She knew she would be lost if she let herself feel all these crazy things for him and then where would she be? He'd move on to the next woman and she'd be left all alone, trying to deal with a life without him. She hadn't felt this kind of panic since the police officer had shown up at her school to tell her that her parents had died in a car crash. And she'd been so alone! So desperately scared. She wasn't sure she would survive after Nazar left her. "I can't do casual sex!" she exclaimed.

He chuckled but there wasn't much humor in the sound. "Nikki, when I finally get you into bed, there won't be anything casual about the sex," he stated firmly.

She shivered despite her need to keep her feelings to herself. "I can't do that," she whispered, sliding her hands between their bodies. When he actually let her move him back, she was both surprised and disappointed. "I won't let you do that to me," she asserted again, more for herself than for him.

"Come with me," he commanded and didn't wait for a response. He took her hand and led her out of the silent area and Nikki cringed when she saw the guards who had been outside her door earlier in the evening.

"How did you know I was going to try and get out tonight?" she asked, wanting to store the information away so she wouldn't get caught the next time.

He looked down at her, one dark eyebrow raised as if to say, "Are you kidding me?"

"Seriously," she said, squeezing his hand. "I'd really like to know what I did wrong."

He laughed as he pulled her into a new room which was down the hallway from where she'd been sleeping. "First of all, you gave yourself away over dinner tonight." He dropped her hand and moved over to a beautifully carved bar that looked to be stocked with just about every kind of liquor she could imagine. He reached down and poured brandy into two, large snifters, coming back to hand one to her. "Your eyes are like windows to your thoughts, Nikki. You wouldn't look at me most of the dinner. You only made eye contact with me when I irritated you, which I did as often as possible. And then there was the other 'tell' that I'm not going to reveal to you quite yet."

She was startled by that statement and watched in fascination as he sat down on the sofa, holding his brandy in one hand and laying his other on the back cushions. "I have a 'tell?" she asked. "Like in poker?" That would explain a lot, she thought silently.

She stood in the middle of the room awkwardly, relieved to have something different to talk about other than sex and she grasped onto that subject with both mental fists.

"Everyone has something that reveals what they are thinking," he told her smoothly, taking a sip of the brandy. "You just have to be observant enough to find it."

Nikki thought about that as she lowered herself carefully into the chair across from him. "What's your signal?" she asked.

He threw back his head and laughed. "First of all, I don't know what my signal is. And even if I knew, there's no way I would tell you."

She leaned back, taking a sip of the brandy and instantly felt the burn against the back of her throat and started coughing. She squeezed her eyes shut as her throat slowly came back to life. "Goodness! How do you drink this?" she asked, staring at the strong liquor.

"It's an acquired taste, I suppose," he replied and took another sip. "Would you like something else? A glass of wine perhaps?"

She shifted in her chair, feeling as if he were daring her. And she never ignored a dare! "This is fine," she said and leaned back against the cushions again, bringing the snifter to her lips. "So what's my tell?" she asked, taking a sip and pretending that the brandy wasn't tearing a layer of cells off the back of her throat. It was sweet, she suddenly realized now that she wasn't coughing and gasping for breath.

Nazar smothered his laughter at her attempt to pretend like she was enjoying the brandy. "As I said, I'm not going to tell you. I need all the advantages I can find when it comes to dealing with you."

Nikki glared at him. "You said you saw it in my eyes. Or was it that I wouldn't look at you?"

Nazar wouldn't answer her, just smiled back at her as if he knew all of her secrets. "Why don't you come over here and talk to me. Maybe I'll tell you something you want to know."

Nikki's eyes narrowed, wondering if she should trust him or not. But what alternative did she have? "I think I'm safer over here," she came right back and pulled in her feet so they were tucked up underneath her in the big chair.

His handsome face smiled right back at her. "I never thought of you as the kind of woman who played things safe." He watched her carefully and saw the exact moment when her mind absorbed his challenge. Her lips compressed ever so slightly and her shoulders squared. He'd bet she had no idea how cute she was when she looked like that. "I thought you were the kind of woman who wasn't afraid of anything. Someone who dared the world and challenged the air around her."

She wiggled in her chair, looking down. "I'm not that bad," she said, feeling an odd sort of tingling in her stomach. What did he see in her that made him think she was so brave? Or did he just think she was stupid and didn't realize the dangers in the world. Well, she wasn't stupid. She knew that he was dangerous. At least to her willpower. He could override that with just a touch. She had to remember the aftermath of any relationship with him.

No, she was safer on this side of the coffee table.

"Come over here and I'll give you a clue about your friend," he finally said.

Nikki gritted her teeth and glared at him. "You're holding that out as the trump card a bit too often, Nazar," she replied.

He chuckled as she stood up and came around the low coffee table. But she didn't sit next to him. In fact, at the opposite end of the sofa, she was actually farther away from him than she was on the chair. "Okay, I'm here. Tell me where Brianna is."

He threw back his head and laughed. "Oh no, my dear. You knew what the deal was. Either come closer or you're not getting anything out of me."

Nazar was delighted with her. No other woman had ever challenged him on so many levels before. And she was beautiful, stunning with that pink color skimming across her porcelain cheeks like that. He wanted to touch that skin, see if she turned pink in other areas. Perhaps when she was aroused there would even be pink on her breasts.

He knew he'd won when she huffed before she stood up and came over to the cushion right next to his. "Is this better?" she demanded, setting her brandy down on the coffee table beside her and crossed her arms across her stomach, unaware that the position only pressed her breasts higher, causing them to almost spill out of her low-cut shirt. He would have to send a compliment to the assistant who had ordered all of Nikki's clothing.

Of course, when she became his wife and went out in public with him, he wouldn't want anything as low cut as this shirt. But it was certainly enjoyable in private.

"Much better," he replied. "Why were you trying to escape?"

Nikki rolled her eyes. "I'm a prisoner. Escaping is what prisoners do, right?"

His hand lifted off of the back of the sofa and captured one of the curls that had escaped the band holding the other tresses off of her neck. "You have a special status as a prisoner."

Her eyes widened. "What would that special status give me?" she asked and as soon as the words left her mouth, she knew she'd walked into a trap.

"Me, of course," he replied with a seductive grin.

She'd known he was going to say that and was actually relieved that he hadn't let her down. Laughing, she shook her head. "And if I don't want the prize?"

He chuckled. "Oh, you want me, Nikki. You just won't give in to your needs. It begs the question of why you won't give in." His finger continued to twirl, one of them "accidentally" touching the sensitive skin on her neck. "Why is that?"

She was starting to have trouble breathing and tried to pull her hair out of his fingers but he only captured her hand during the attempt. "I think you know why."

"You think you don't trust me," he stated, not even asking. "But I don't believe that's the case any longer. Or perhaps it isn't the whole truth." He paused, his eyes moving over her lovely features as he mulled something through in his mind. "You don't trust yourself."

She pulled back suddenly, not liking his words at all. "Besides Brianna and Rachel, I'm the only person I trust."

"You know your friends will be there for you, I understand and respect that. But this has nothing to do with being able to rely on a helping hand or someone to meet you at the appointed time. You don't trust your feelings for me, do you?" His eyes narrowed. "What happened in the past Nikki? Why don't you believe in what we can share together?"

His words had come too close to the truth. She didn't dare look at him, staring down at her hands instead. "I don't know what you're talking about," she said stiffly and tried to move away. But his hand grasped her neck, holding her in place. "Let me go."

He shook his head. "I can't, Nikki. So you're going to have to be honest with me." He saw the worry in her eyes but knew that this subject was too important to leave alone. "Who hurt you? Who wasn't there for you?"

She pulled back as much as she could. "The world isn't a warm, fuzzy place where everyone gets a good home, Nazar. You are insulated from the harsh world out there."

He read between the lines. "You didn't have a home?" he asked, moving closer.

She shifted uncomfortably. "I always had a place to sleep."

Again, he understood what she wasn't telling him. Now the non-existent answers in her file made sense. His security chief was still trying to get someone to open her childhood files, many of his guards thinking she had a criminal past. Nazar was starting to think it wasn't anything so disgraceful. "But not a home. Is that what you're telling me?"

She shrugged a shoulder and looked across the room, trying to pretend that her past wasn't the problem. That she was okay with how cruelly fate had treated her childhood. "My parents died in a car crash when I was younger. Since both of my parents were only children, I didn't have any aunts or uncles to go to. My grandparents had died long before I was even born."

He waited a moment for her to continue, but when he realized that was all she was going to tell him, he prompted her gently. "And you were put into foster care, weren't you?" he asked.

Nikki sucked in a breath, needing the clean air to fill her lungs. She always felt like that whenever she thought back to those first few nights in her foster home. "Yes. It was crowded with lots of other kids."

"All of them orphans?" he prodded, wanting to know the whole story.

She shrugged, trying to appear casual. But her memories were anything but casual. They were painful. The other kids had been having just as many problems as her and many of them acted out, often in cruel, imaginative and painful ways. "Some had lost their parents. Others, their parents had abandoned them or couldn't take care of them because of a drug habit." She forced a smile to her face. "As bad as it sounds, I was actually one of the lucky ones."

"How so?" he asked, thinking of the wrenching pain he'd felt when his mother and father had died. He hadn't felt very luck either of those days and he'd had family to help him through the emotional turmoil.

She smiled weakly which was a failed attempt at humor. "Even in the foster homes, there was a hierarchy. The kids with druggy parents had it the hardest. Their parents kept fighting for them, but some of the chemicals are harder to kick. So those kids were in and out of the foster homes over the years. Sometimes they came back to the same house. Other times, they would go to a new home. Asserting one's place in a home was a difficult endeavor."

"And the other levels in the home?" he asked.

"The kids who were just abandoned had some serious psychological issues to deal with." She thought about Brianna, whose father had killed himself after her mother had died of cancer. Brianna had always felt inadequate because her father had chosen death over love for his daughter.

"So are you saying you were at the top? Simply because you'd lost your parents to an accident?" When he saw the sparkle of tears in her eyes, he said something in Arabic a moment before pulling her into his arms. He didn't kiss her, didn't have any sexual motivation. He just wanted to comfort her. As soon as Nikki understood his intentions, she melted into his arms, feeling his strength and power encircle her. And then the words started flowing. "I never felt abandoned, but that didn't make living in a foster home with ten or fifteen other kids any easier. There was always chaos, always someone in trouble or kids coming and going."

And with those words, he finally understood what she was dealing with. She was afraid of him leaving her, of feeling like her world was a revolving door like it must have been in her foster home. "You've mentioned Brianna and Rachel before. Were they in your foster home as well?"

Nikki curled up closer to him, uncaring about how dangerously wonderful he felt. She'd pull back in a moment. Right now, she just wanted to feel him, absorb his comfort. "Brianna was in my foster home. She came a day after I arrived so it was natural for the two of us to connect. She was so frightened at first. So despondent over what had happened to her family. In one year, her mother had died of a horrible disease and then her father took a gun and just...."

She felt the trembling start and willed it away. But then she also felt Nazar's arms tighten around her, felt his lips on the top of her head and sighed with relief. The trembling stopped and she snuggled up against him again, feeling safer than she ever had in her life.

"Thank you," she whispered after several minutes of just enjoying his heat and the wonderful scent of the man.

"Thank you for what?" he asked, wishing he could take away all of her pain, show her that not every man was irresponsible and assure her that he wasn't going away. But she wouldn't believe that of him yet. She had to learn to trust him. How he could show her that she could trust him, he had no idea. She was such a mystery, all wound up in a sexy package that he wanted to keep forever and unravel all of her secrets, know everything she was thinking. And he wanted to make love to her until she wasn't thinking about the parents that had died on her when they should have lived or her friend's father who was too much of a coward to take care of his child.

"What about Rachel? I understand that you and Brianna were connected through your foster home. Was she there as well?"

Nikki wiped a tear away as surreptitiously as possible. "Rachel's parents are still living. But they never made enough money." She sighed and pressed her nose against his neck. "In fact, they'd lose their house if it weren't for Rachel sending them money every month. She was the poorest kid in the school when we were younger. She was the girl that I knew wouldn't..." she was about to say reject, but that wasn't exactly it. "I guess I just knew what Rachel was going through and we could help each other out."

"You were kindred souls, eh?" he suggested.

She sighed, grateful for his understanding. "Yes. Definitely. The three of us did as much as possible together, but Rachel lived out in the country and she didn't always have a car that could get her into town."

His mind again sifted through the issues. "I bet you and Brianna went out to her place several times, didn't you?"

"Of course. Whenever she needed a friend. And besides, her house was out in the country where a creek ran through her property with lots of woods. It was fun out at her place, although she didn't always think so. So Bri and I walked out there almost every weekend."

He understood more about her now than he had after reading all the information his security team had compiled on her. "How far out did she live?"

Nikki shrugged. "About five miles outside of town. It was only about four and a half miles from our house though."

He cringed, thinking about little girls walking along a country road, alone and vulnerable. He made a mental note to personally go through all the orphanages and sporadically check the foster homes in his country. He wanted all of the kids under his rule to be safe and have a future.

He felt her body start to settle and knew that she was falling asleep. He glanced at the clock on the wall and realized it was past midnight. He should probably take her back to her room and put her in her bed where she would be more comfortable. But he didn't want to move her. She felt too good in his arms and, while she was sleeping, she trusted him. Her subconscious knew that he wouldn't hurt her. How did he get her conscious to accept that as well? He had no idea how, but he knew he was going to move heaven and earth to make that happen.

He thought about calling Rocco, to get a status on what was going on with the project and Nikki's friend. He wanted to push all this mess aside so he and Nikki could move forward. Something told him that Rocco and Brianna were having some of the same issues he was going through. Not that Rocco would admit anything. Rocco held everything very close and he would never kiss and tell, just as Nazar would keep his feelings for Nikki to himself until he could announce something more significant to the world. But that didn't mean that Rocco wasn't letting small things out. Nazar could hear something different in his friend's voice, something significant. And he knew Rocco too well, had been through too much with him, to not recognize what was going on. Nazar suspected Rocco was falling hard for Nikki's friend.

He looked down and wondered if he should tell Nikki about that. Would she worry more? Or would it put her mind at ease? He found that he didn't want her to worry about staying here. He wanted her to like being with him in the palace. In fact, he wanted her to like being wherever he was. He'd known this slender, fiery beauty for such a short time, but he couldn't imagine not seeing her every day now.

Trust. He had to get her to trust him. It was a fragile course, but one he was willing to travel.

Kicking off his shoes, he stretched his legs out in front of him, scooting back so his head was resting against the back of the sofa. He'd just sit here with her for a few more minutes before bringing her back to her bed. But for now, he was enjoying her gentle weight on him too much to end this.

Hours later, Nikki stirred, feeling warm and secure but not sure where she was. The lights had dimmed and she knew that she wasn't in her bed. Looking up, she realized that she was using Nazar as a mattress. What time was it? She had no watch on, no clock that she could see. She watched him in silence for several moments, wondering why he hadn't just dumped her off of him and gone off to his own bed. Surely she was too heavy for him. She was literally laying on top of him! His legs were stretched out along the sofa and her whole body was resting on top of him with his chest as her pillow.

She started to move onto the couch, intending to slip out of the room but as soon as she moved, his hands reached out to stop her, as if he were trying to steady her somehow while still sleeping.

With his hands on her back like that, she was too sleepy to do much more. So instead, she laid her head back down on his chest and let her exhaustion take over once more. She didn't mind this at all, just as long as she got up before he did and she could slip away before he realized what a dead weight she was.

Chapter 8

Nikki sighed wearily as she walked Nella to the stables, handing her off to Yousef, her trainer. "Thank you, Yousef. That was wonderful," she said quietly, trying to hide the pain in her legs.

Yousef looked at the pretty brunette with concern. "Your legs are going to be very sore. You're doing well, learning things much faster than even I could have believed, but you're pushing yourself too hard."

Nikki thought he might be right in this instance. She smiled feebly, leaning against the fence pole because her legs were simply too weak to hold her up. "Yeah. I think I'll just go take a warm bath and try to ease the muscles down there," she said, indicating her legs but unable to even move her head because even her back muscles were weak from the strain of overuse.

While riding, she didn't feel the strain on her muscles, but as soon as she slid off of Nella's back, they turned to mush.

Nikki could feel Yousef's eyes on her back, watching her as she walked in the direction of the palace. But in truth, she was faking a somewhat steady walk until she could get out of his sight. She liked the man, thought he was an excellent trainer, but she couldn't be sure that he would keep her muscle strain to himself. Everyone here seemed to not just like Nazar. They revered the man! He was their hero. So keeping secrets was almost impossible. She was surprised that she'd been able to hide her additional riding lessons from him over the past several days.

Nikki refused to think of him as her hero. And after being with him two nights ago, she had to learn to ride perfectly as fast as possible. She couldn't stay here. This wasn't just about finding Brianna any longer. This was about saving herself. She'd spent too many hours in Nazar's company, laughing with him, arguing with him and just generally finding him a fascinating person.

But he wasn't the man for her! And every time he touched her, she lost a bit more of herself to him. She was going to be hurt enough as it was by this ill-advised adventure. She had to get away, not lose any more of herself.

Which was why she was riding two or three times each day, trying to learn how to trot perfectly. If that was her ticket out of the palace, she'd get there as fast as possible. Every night, she had dinner with Nazar. And every night, he charmed her into talking with him, laughing and sharing with him and feeling special in his company. She knew she was in trouble.

Her heart was now involved.

When she finally reached the end of the stables, she leaned against the structure and sighed as she gave her legs a bit of relief. She never would have believed that putting one foot in front of the other would be a difficult task but after hours on a horse, she could honestly say that she was beyond sore. She ached deep down inside and felt like her muscles had simply been pushed beyond too far.

"Yep, I'm in big trouble," she whispered. Pushing away from the wall, she forced her feet to carry her to her room, shuffling her feet whenever possible. If anyone looked at her, she would straighten up and pretend to be studying the mosaics in the ceiling or a piece of work on the wall. When she was once again out of sight, her body would crumble under the strain and she would continue hobbling down the hallway.

When she reached her doors, she glanced backwards and sure enough, the guards who had been assigned to "protect" her were standing at attention. She never understood why they didn't follow her to the stables, but she didn't care, as long as she got her time alone with Yousef to train without Nazar's knowledge. She suspected he would prohibit her multiple daily lessons. And he might be right, she thought as the pain stabbed up her inner thighs once again.

Thankfully, her efforts were paying off. She figured that, by the end of this week, she might be ready to show Nazar what she'd done, how much she'd accomplished on her riding skills.

If she survived, she thought with a groan as she leaned against the doorway. Looking towards the luxurious bathroom, she gauged the number of steps that would be needed to reach that deep, wonderful bath tub.

Unfortunately, she wasn't able to make it that far. She'd barely even pushed herself away from the doorway when it was pushed open behind her, shoving her forward so quickly that she actually stumbled. She was closing her eyes in pain as well as in anticipation of falling on her face when strong hands grabbed her arms, straightening her up once again.

Nikki didn't even need to open her eyes to know that the hands belonged to Nazar. She not only recognized those strong, amazing hands, but her nose instantly recognized his scent. That wonderful, masculine, spicy scent had kept her up at night, causing her to think about how much she wanted to bury her nose in his neck, to inhale his scent deeply into her lungs and enjoy being surrounded by that spiciness.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded, bringing up all of her defenses against that erotic smell as well as the wonderful feel of the strength in his hands.

"You're hurt!" he said, his dark eyes accusing her angrily. "Where are you hurt?" he demanded.

Nikki quickly shook her head. "I'm not hurt," she lied. "I'm perfectly fine. Why in the world would you think I'm hurt?"

"Because you were walking down the hallway as if you'd broken something or strained..." he stopped, his eyes narrowing. "You've been riding without me, haven't you?" he demanded, instantly latching onto the truth. "What have you been doing?"

She pulled back, trying to get out of his arms, but he wouldn't release her, keeping her close so he could study her.

"Why would you think I've been to the stables?"

He chuckled and shook his head. "Nicole, do you honestly believe that I wouldn't smell Nella on your skin?" he asked with amusement lurking below the anger. "I know what you smell like and it's definitely not like a horse." He moved closer, his hands shifting from an almost painful grip to something much more...enticing. "No, my little love, you smell like peaches most of the time."

She almost laughed at that. "Peaches?" she asked. "I smell like peaches?"

He nodded his head, his hands moving from her arms to slip around her waist. "Peaches. And cream," he continued. His mouth moved lower and Nikki saw the intent in his eyes, tried to fight the pull of her need that instantly surged to life in her tired, sore body. But nothing could stop him, definitely not her! "Peaches and cream and woman." With that, his mouth covered hers, his hands pulling her so that she was flush against his hard, male body, all of her parts fitting perfectly against all of his male parts and she loved it. She thrilled to the way they fit together.

And she shivered, wanting more, deepening the kiss even though she knew she should push him away. This was such a dangerous game, one she had no idea how to play. She wanted him, but knew it would be bad for her in the long term.

He lifted his mouth from hers and she took a deep breath, trying to replenish the oxygen to her lungs. "You're doing it again," she whispered when his mouth moved against her neck, nibbling and sucking, making her knees go even weaker than before.

But then his legs moved between hers and the muscles that had so recently been abused protested angrily, causing her to cry out with the pain of any sort of movement.

Nazar instantly pulled back. "What's wrong?" he demanded, looking down at her as his hands once again gripped her upper arms. "You are hurt! Where are you hurt?"

Nikki almost laughed at all the possible answers. "I'm not really hurt so much as just sore." She put a hand to his arm and turned, wanting to just sit down. It had been fine when he'd been kissing her but now that that powerful distraction was gone, the pain in her legs was back in full force. And she couldn't hide it!

"What have you been doing?"

She sighed, putting a hand on his arm to hold herself upright. "I've been learning to ride. Just like you wanted. And my fear of horses is gone."

He saw her eyes cringe and he said something under his breath that she suspected was a curse. "You've been riding without me, haven't you?" he demanded.

Nikki was just about to open her mouth to argue, or at least defend herself, when he shook his head and simply stormed over to her, lifting her into his arms.

She tried to hold herself still, painfully self-conscious of him holding her so close and how heavy she must feel to him. But his stride barely faltered with her additional weight as he carried her into the bathroom where he gently set her down by the enormous, black marble bathtub. "You're going to soak in here for at least a half hour," he commanded.

She stared at his back, watching the muscles ripple underneath his shirt, fascinated by his movements. The steaming water quickly filled up the bath and he even poured something that smelled like roses into the water. Nikki's aching body wanted to slide into that heat so badly, she could almost cry. So when he finished and came to stand in front of her, she was too focused on getting into that water to initially understand what he was silently telling her.

"What?" she asked, intimidated by his anger despite her efforts to pretend otherwise.

"Get in the water, Nicole," he firmly ordered, his hands fisted on his hips as he continued to stare down at her.

Her mouth fell open and her eyes widened as she realized he expected her to strip down right in front of him. "I can't get undressed with you here."

"I'm not leaving until you are soaking in that water. You obviously haven't been taking care of yourself and you've been going behind my back to get extra lessons, something I'll be dealing with as soon as you get into the water."

That got her blood boiling. "Don't you dare go back and do anything to Yousef! He was kind enough to help me out over the past few days. I'm just doing what you challenged me to do; learn to ride. And I'm doing it better than I ever thought I would, simply because Yousef is a nice guy who has patience." She looked him up and down, crossing her arms over her chest. "Unlike some people we both know!" she continued.

His eyebrows shot upwards with her derision. "Are you implying that I don't have enough patience?" he growled.

Nikki didn't bother to reply, simply imitated his raised eyebrows and let him come to his own conclusion.

Nazar took a deep breath, trying to regain some of the patience she claims he didn't have. "Get into the tub, Nicole."

Her shoulders squared off and she glared right back at him. "Get out of this bathroom, and I would be happy to get into the tub."

He sucked air into his lungs, the air hissing through his gritted teeth. "Why should I trust you in this instance?"

She wasn't going to budge, and if she were completely honest with herself, she was actually enjoying this latest battle of wills with Nazar. She rarely won any argument, but she was honest enough to admit that she enjoyed the battles. "Because there's no alternative. I'm not getting undressed in front of you." She continued to glare at him, wondering what his next move would be.

As soon as she said those words, she knew it was the wrong thing to say. He moved closer, his hand moving up to caress her cheek. "I'm going to see it all very soon anyway. Why don't we just give in to the desires that are constantly lurking between us?"

She stepped back, her eyes changing from angry to confused and wary. "I can resist you."

He smiled with anticipation. "We can't resist each other. What we have between us is too powerful." To prove his point, he leaned closer, his mouth barely brushing hers. "Why would you pull back, Nicole? What are you so afraid of?"

She sighed, wishing he would just take her into his arms. The battle was being lost. Very quickly. But he wasn't playing fair! She closed her eyes, almost defeated. "Please Nazar. Don't do this to me again."

He couldn't stop and she wouldn't let him move forward. For days they had been at a stalemate. "Tell me what you're afraid of." He suspected that he knew, or at least had an idea, but he couldn't win her trust if she couldn't even tell him what the issues were.

She looked up into his dark eyes, her own filling with tears. The softness in his eyes was her undoing. She might love the battle, but here and now, with her body fighting her mind to just give in, she took one last shot at self-preservation. "I'm afraid of being hurt by you. Of not being enough. I don't want to be just another notch in the long line of women that go through your bedroom. What happens when you tire of me? What happens if my feelings are involved?" There! It was out there. She'd finally told him the truth and he could make if it what he wanted.

Turning her back on him, she wiped the tears from her eyes and took a deep breath, not daring to look back for fear of the victorious expression she'd see in his eyes. "Can I please have some privacy? I really am sore and that bath looks wonderful."

She felt him move closer to her and pictured his hands about to touch her back. Cringing away from him, she shook her head. "Please, Nazar. I can't fight you any longer. I'm so sore I can barely move."

Nazar ran a hand through his black hair and looked down at her defeated shoulders. This wasn't what he'd wanted to happen. He didn't want her to simply submit to him. He wanted her heart and soul. He wanted her feistiness and her daring. He wanted...her love.

"Are you going to be able to get into the water without falling?" he asked gently.

She laughed, but it was more of a hiccup. "I think I can manage," she said with a forced smile. She wasn't so sure she wanted the hot water more now or if she just wanted privacy to lick her wounds and recover from her admission. She was trembling with the need to just throw herself into his arms and beg him to make love to her. But he didn't want her heart. And that was the part she was afraid of, being hurt if she gave him her body. Because that body definitely came with the heart. And her mind. And everything she had.

With a shiver of relief, she heard him walk to the door. "I'll be right outside if you need help," he cautioned.

And then the door clicked shut and she almost fell into the water as the tension evaporated from her.

Looking at the steaming water, she sighed with relief. Nikki pulled her riding pants and shirt off, laying them to the side of the tub with her pretty, lace underwear hiding underneath. She blushed every time she thought about her underwear, wondering who had picked it out. Surely Nazar didn't have the time to be choosing her clothes. But she could just picture him going through a magazine and putting a mark by each item that he thought would be appropriate.

When she was finally under the warm water, she thought about the past few days. Nazar had been the ultimate gentleman, but what could he possibly want from her? And what was going on with Brianna? Nikki let the steam work its magic on her muscles while her mind and heart worried about her current predicament. She actually felt guilty about not worrying about Brianna more. She'd traveled halfway across the world to try and help her friend but all she'd done was get into a mess herself. One she had absolutely no clue how to get out of.

She leaned her head against the back of the tub, amazed at how good the water felt but still feeling guilty for her lack of success to date. And why was he even keeping her here? Oh, he said that things were happening, things that could get her hurt. But did she believe him? Not really, she admitted. She wasn't sure what his plan was, but she definitely didn't believe that there was some sort of master plot that was going to change the world markets somehow, which was what he'd been implying.

She bit her lip, wondering if what he'd actually been telling her was the truth. What if he had been telling her the truth all along? What if Brianna wasn't anywhere near here and someone truly was messing with the oil markets?

She sighed and sank down lower, wishing she could figure this out. She didn't even know how to gauge what he was telling her. She had no access to the outside world, no way to verify his assertions. It all sounded amazing and somewhat possible. But was it probable?

What was it about Nazar that had her wanting to trust him when every life lesson so far had told her not to? What kinds of powers did he wield over her?

Nikki had no idea how long she'd been laying in the water, but it had probably been a while. So when the door to the bathroom swung open again, she was startled out of a deep sense of relaxation. "What...?"

"You were in here for too long," Nazar explained, sauntering towards her. "I came to check on you."

Nikki curled her legs inward and covered her breasts with her arms. "Nazar, get out. I'm fine."

His hand slipped into the water and he shook his head. "The water has cooled too much. You need to get out."

"I'm perfectly fine right here," she gasped, suddenly realizing that the water really was cold.

"No." He picked up one of the fluffy, white towels and spread it open. "Get out now."

She looked at the towel, then at him. "Just put the towel right there and I'll get out on my own."

He shook his head, a strange light in his eyes. "You were too sore before you got into the water. Now the cold water has probably tensed up your muscles. You're going to need help."

"I'll get someone..." she started to say, but he shook his head.

"I'll help you. Get out, Nicole." He said it softly, but with that authority that just sent shivers throughout her whole body. Looking down, she knew she'd never win this battle.

"Nazar, I'm not..."

"I'll make a deal with you," he interrupted, bending down so that he could see her eyes better. "If you can get even halfway out of that bathtub, I'll leave this towel and meet you outside the doorway."

Nikki rolled her eyes. "I'm fine!"

He chuckled, feeling better now that his feisty woman was back in full force. The warm water must have done more for her than he'd thought. "Prove it."

Nikki glared at him, but even knowing him such a short time, she recognized the absolute stubbornness in those sexy, black eyes. "Fine!" she snapped back at him. She moved her legs slightly, but they didn't really stretch out. She looked down at her legs, feeling every muscle in her body protest.

Closing her eyes, she forced her legs to move, but they were so sore, every inch was a torture.

A moment later, she felt strong, gentle hands under her arms lifting her up and out of the water. "Just relax," Nazar soothed, setting her on her feet and wrapping the towel around her body. With tender hands, he grabbed another towel and dried her arms and legs. "That wasn't so bad, was it?" he asked as he stood up next to her, towering over her and Nikki fought the urge to lean into him, to absorb his heat and his strength. She couldn't seem to stop shivering even though she didn't feel cold any longer.

"Now for the best part," he said and bent once more, lifting her into his arms. Because Nazar had wrapped her in the first towel, her arms were caught and she couldn't even balance herself by wrapping her arm around his neck. She had to completely trust him which went against everything inside of her.

"You don't need to carry me," she whispered, wishing her voice was stronger, more confident.

"I like carrying you."

"Why?"

He shrugged, careful to balance her as he put her down on the bed. "Because you're completely dependent on me. I like that." He arranged the pillows slightly then gestured to the bed. "Lay down."

Nikki heard the words, looked back at the pillows, then back at him and started to shake her head.

"Nikki, your muscles are tense from overuse. I'm just going to help you by giving you a massage. Otherwise, your muscles will stiffen even more and you won't be able to move tomorrow."

"I'll be fine."

He shook his head. "You won't. Believe me. You're going to be in so much pain that you won't want to even think. And because it's muscular, you're going to feel it deep down. Just relax," he coaxed and lifted her feet so they were now stretched out on the bed, "and let me help you." With that, he took her shoulders and pushed her so that she was lying on her stomach.

She heard him squirt something, but was afraid to look and see what it was. "Just enjoy this," he said and a moment later, his hands smoothed out against her calves. His strong fingers gently kneaded the tense muscles, moving back and forth, going slightly deeper with each stroke.

Nikki hadn't realized how sore she really was. When his thumbs pushed against her muscles, the relief was so intense, she couldn't stop a moan from escaping. "Oh, that feels incredible!" she sighed, relaxing as he moved against her calves.

"Wait until you feel it in your shoulders," he said, chuckling at the expression of bliss in her face. "Just keep relaxing and close your eyes."

Nikki never would have believed it, but his hands really did feel incredibly good, very relaxing. She let her head fall into the mattress more, feeling the tension slowly leave her muscles.

He didn't go above her knee, just rubbing the calves of both legs, bending them back and helping the muscles along her shins as well. When he was finished with her calves, he moved to her arms, taking one, then the other and rubbing the tender muscles in her upper arms all the way down to her fingers. As he massaged her fingers, there was an almost sexual feeling that struck her, but she tried to attribute that to just the sensation of relaxing. It had nothing to do with his touch, or the way his fingers moved against hers. No, this was all just medicinal, she reminded herself.

When his hands moved to her shoulders, she groaned once again, feeling all the tension leave her body. She wasn't even aware of his hands pushing the towel further down her back, pushing the terry cloth lower and lower so that his hands could rub her skin, pressing and kneading, making her feel incredible.

When his fingers found the small of her back, she arched upwards, startled by the intense heat that streaked through her. She glanced back at him, worried that he'd understood. But he wasn't looking at her face. His eyes were focused only on her back.

"Relax, Nicole," he coaxed and ran his hands up her back once again.

She inhaled as his hands moved against her side, coming perilously close to her breast. How was a woman supposed to relax when she felt something that...amazing!

But there was just a touch, then his hands moved back again to her shoulders and arms, letting all the tension flow, inch by inch, out of her body.

She knew where this was leading. He might not mean to be leading her there, but every touch of his hands now had a direct path down to her tummy. And lower! "I'm fine. That's enough."

"Not even close," he told her. She was only slightly reassured when his hands moved the fabric of the towel back up on her back. Not so that it was completely covering her back as it had previously, but enough so she didn't think he was doing anything...naughty.

But then his hands moved back to her calves. And higher! "Nazar?"

She gasped.

"Relax," he told her again, moving his hands along the backs of her thighs. "This is probably where you're hurting the most, isn't it?" he asked.

It was, but she wasn't going to tell him that! "I'm fine! Perfectly fine!"

He chuckled, but his hands wouldn't let her up. He firmly pushed her back against the bed. "You're not fine. Just enjoy this, Nicole."

How was she supposed to relax when all she wanted to do was roll over and beg him to do this correctly? But he was not to be deterred. His hands moved higher, inching higher and higher with every swath upwards. She wasn't relaxed any longer. She was painfully tense but for a whole different reason now.

Nikki buried her face in the mattress, trying to stifle her reaction every time he came closer to where she was feeling his touch. "What are you doing?" she whispered, then shivered as his hand moved up so high, it was almost touching her bottom before moving back down again.

"What do you think I'm doing?" he asked softly.

Was he closer to her somehow? She was afraid to open her eyes and find out, afraid of what she might do. "It feels like..." she couldn't finish that sentence, especially when his fingers moved higher once again, lingering, teasing and touching her just close, almost close....almost exactly where she wanted him to touch her. But then he stopped and she groaned, her hands gripping the pillow now as she waited desperately for his hands to move higher once again.

"What do you want me to do?" he asked, his voice husky, his breath warm against her back.

She wanted to tell him, to order him to put his hands right back where they'd been a moment ago. But she couldn't say the words. She blushed, wanting to say the words because she knew with absolute certainty that he would do anything she wanted him to do. Even move away from her. But she didn't want that any longer. She needed something different now. She'd pushed him away so often but she simply couldn't do that again. Not this time.

"Tell me what you want, Nicole," he encouraged with both his hands and his voice. "Just say the words." His hands were so close, so enticingly close.

"Don't stop!" she finally said, then bit down on her lower lip as she tensed for his touch.

"Touch you?" he asked, his hands moving downward again.

"No!" she almost screamed, her back arching and her hips unable to stop wiggling. "Don't!"

"Don't...what?"

His hands moved higher once again and she tensed, waiting in anticipation and this time, she wasn't disappointed. His hands moved against her, feeling her bottom and whispering against that secret place that no man had ever touched or seen. She moaned with the need, shivered when his fingers slid in between the slick folds and buried her face in the pillow once again, trying to hide from him, embarrassed by what his simple touch could make her feel.

"No, Nikki. Don't hide yourself from me. I want to see your reactions."

His fingers stilled until she complied with his command. It took her several moments, but when he wouldn't move, wouldn't give her the relief she needed, she looked at him, turning her head so that one cheek was resting against the mattress now.

Her breathing was ragged, her body quivering in anticipation.

"I love your reactions," he told her, his voice even deeper. "Never hide them from me." And then his fingers moved again and she gasped, not sure what to do but her body lifted, giving him better access. "You're beautiful," he growled.

With those words and his magical fingers, she splintered apart, her whole body shaking as waves of pleasure so intense washed over her that she wasn't sure if she was screaming out or just begging him for more.

When it was all over, she could barely catch her breath. "Goodness," she sighed.

"It isn't over yet," he told her and his hands moved against her, grasping her hips and rolling her over so she was on her back. When her breasts were freed from the towel, he looked down at her, a look of absolute possession in his eyes that made her shiver and those tremors grew into that same feeling she'd thought had just been appeased.

Her hands reached up, wanting to touch him but then she pulled back, not sure what he might want from her. Was this over? Had he only been helping her?

But then he grabbed her hands, pulling them back against his chest. "Feel free to touch me anytime," he told her, then closed her eyes as her hands smoothed against the soft cotton of his shirt.

That wasn't enough for her and Nikki sat up, her fingers fumbling with the buttons until she had several of them out of the way. With the material gone, her fingers splayed against his chest, running through the light spray of hair that ran across his tanned skin.

A moment later, he shook his head and pulled her hands away. He stood up and ripped his clothes off, then reached down and pulled protection out of his pocket. Only a part of Nikki's mind thought through what the condom implied. The rest of her was too intent on touching this man the way he'd been touching her for...she had no idea how long. All she knew was it was now her turn.

She climbed up onto her knees, licking her lips in anticipation. She'd wanted this for so long but had denied herself this pleasure. But now he was here, he was naked for her delectation and she wasn't going to let this opportunity pass by her. Her fingers ran along his skin, loving the different textures and the way he watched her as she explored his body. "You're so different," she said in wonder.

His chuckle made her fingers vibrate. "I would hope so," he came back.

His hands had been resting on her waist, giving her time to explore but with her words, he couldn't hold back any longer. He raised his hands, cupping those perfect globes that he'd remembered but been denied his fill on previous occasions. "My turn," he told her and grabbed her wrists while he bent lower, his mouth latching onto her breast and tormenting the nipple with his teeth and his tongue.

Nikki hadn't been prepared for that and she grabbed his neck, holding him closer, needing him to continue. "Nazar!" she gasped, wanting something and not sure how to get it from him.

His strong hands lifted her up and laid her back down on the bed, his own body following but this time, he swept the towels away and his knees pressed between her own, making room for him. He lifted her knees up so that she was surrounding him, creating the perfect cradle for his hardness. "I feel like I've wanted you for so long," he groaned. He bent over and gave her other nipple equal attention, while at the same time, his hand moved lower, a long finger sliding into her. "Ah Nikki! You're so ready for me!"

Nikki mentally agreed with him but she was too overwhelmed to say anything. All she knew was that something was missing. And this man with all his strength and power, he was the only person who could fix it.

When she felt the prodding down lower, she didn't even hesitate, moving her body to welcome him into hers. She sighed with happiness as he filled her up, making her feel things she couldn't believe were possible.

There was only a slight pain before he filled her up and she cringed ever so slightly. "Are you okay?" Nazar asked, holding himself still, waiting until she was ready for him to move again.

She thought about it for a moment and realized that she was more than okay. "I'm great," she sighed and lifted her arms to wrap around his neck instead of gripping his shoulders.

He chuckled, the sound reverberating through her deep and sexy. "Yes, you are," he replied right back. With that, he gathered her into his arms, holding her close as he moved back and forth, creating the movements that would take both of them beyond the present. "Ah, Nicole, you're so..." he couldn't finish that sentence because she was already climaxing, falling over that magical cliff once more and screaming out his name. It was so sexy that Nazar couldn't hold back his own response and it swamped him almost as forcefully, bringing him over the cliff to his orgasm as well.

As soon as he could breathe and see straight, Nazar moved over, pulling her against him as they both worked to catch their breath.

"I don't think that's going to help me tomorrow with my muscles," she finally said, trying to figure out what she was supposed to do next.

His deep chuckle made her feel safe and secure once again. "I can think of several ways to distract you from any kind of pain you might feel come morning." And with that, he bent down and nibbled on her collar bone. "Besides, you've pushed me away too often over the past week. I'm finding that I haven't had enough of you."

Nikki laughed, feeling light and free for the first time in so long! When he moved from her neck to her lips, she wasn't shy about reciprocating even while his hands moved higher up on her body. Nikki was in full agreement with his assessment.

The next three days were absolute bliss for Nikki. She'd accepted Nazar into her bed, and with that came her heart. She'd tried so hard to avoid falling in love with him, but he was just too...extraordinary. She loved talking with him, being with him, laughing with him and, especially, making love with him. He was busy during the day, but he still took time to ride with her every morning. And Nikki knew she was getting better, flushed under the admiration in his eyes when she showed him her riding skills.

But there were still long periods during the day when she didn't have much to do. The day after their long, passionate night together, she almost felt abandoned. Until a woman showed up and offered to teach her to speak Arabic. Nikki didn't think she'd have much use for the language once Nazar deemed the mysterious "situation" safe enough for her to leave, but she didn't have much else to do. So she spent several hours every day learning Arabic. She spent an hour in the afternoon riding Nella and was surprised to find that her legs were much stronger. The horseback riding lessons had strengthened other muscles in her legs. She also discovered a gym complete with all the latest workout equipment and took advantage of that by running on a treadmill and using the weight machines to strengthen her legs even more.

But the nights! Oh, the nights when Nazar joined her for dinner were magical. She dressed in pretty sun dresses or slinky slacks and low cut, enticing sweaters, her fingers shaking as she pulled on whatever outfit she'd chosen for the night. The anticipation of seeing Nazar for dinner, knowing he would take her into his arms afterwards and make love to her for the better part of the night, made the whole day seem slow, while the nights flew by much too quickly.

By the third day, she almost hesitated to ask about Brianna and his project. She didn't want to leave the palace. She didn't want to never see Nazar again. She was completely, madly in love with the man. And no matter how many times she reminded herself that she would be leaving here when this "situation" was resolved, she felt almost sick to her stomach at the idea of not seeing Nazar again. She didn't want to think about the morning she woke up without him kissing her, or chuckling over her fatigue because he'd kept her up most of the night making love to her.

The day was coming. She knew it would be a horrible day and she tried to brace herself for that moment. But every time she was in his company, she fell a little bit more in love with him.

Chapter 9

Nikki looked up, feeling a bizarre sense that something was wrong. "Where's Nazar?" she asked, trying to hide the strange tension that had suddenly gripped her. The men who were a constant shadow to her now immediately lifted their microphones and asked the question to the mysterious person at the other end of that transmission.

She'd just finished her breakfast coffee, her mind trying to sort through the odd feeling. She couldn't define it, couldn't narrow the strangeness down to something rational. She simply knew that something just wasn't....right. And that feeling was centered on Nazar. "Is he in danger?" she asked her body guards, her worried eyes looking up at them, begging them for confirmation that he was safe and not in any danger.

Was she being silly? She'd been with Nazar for seven days now, had been in his bed for the past four nights. So why was she thinking that there was a danger to him that she couldn't define, had no reason to think existed and she just felt in her stomach?

She had no idea, but she wasn't going to wait around for someone to tell her that Nazar had been hurt.

The man finished listening and nodded his head. "His Highness is in his office, in meetings," the shorter of the two explained.

Standing up, she already recognized the look on the body guard's face. He thought she was being silly. "Mico, I respect your abilities and your instincts," she said as a way to butter him up as well as being perfectly honest. "So if you don't feel that something is wrong, I'll just walk back to my rooms and study. I won't even go to the ring for another riding lesson simply because Nazar doesn't have time to go with me today. He mentioned that earlier and I'll respect his request that I not leave the palace this morning." She let those words sink in. "So what do you think? Do you feel it as well? Is there something wrong? Some danger that you're not telling me about?"

She stood there, watching his eyes and saw his reaction. Something inside of her started trembling. And this wasn't the trembling she normally felt when she knew she was going to see Nazar. This was a bad trembling. A feeling that he was going to be hurt. And there was no way she was going to allow him to be hurt now that she'd found him.

It was one thing to have to walk away from him when this affair ended. She knew that was coming. That alone would be a wrenching pain that would live with her for the rest of her life. But the idea of someone hurting Nazar, of him not being on this earth, of him not being in the news so that, on those cold, lonely nights when she needed to connect with him, she could pull up the news and find out what he was doing, what new project he was building. No, she wouldn't let that happen.

Watching Mico carefully, she knew the instant he was going to tell her the truth and her shoulders almost sagged with relief. Almost - but not quite because she still had that odd sensation that Nazar was in danger.

"Take me to him. Please?" she asked, knowing that security in the palace had changed since her break-in. Things were tighter. Nazar was inaccessible unless she had been cleared before heading to his office. The only unencumbered access she had to Nazar was when he joined her for dinner in the evenings.

Of course, she could do something to irritate Nazar, something which her body guards would report to him and have him come running. But she didn't want to do that to him this time. She was trying very hard to respect the palace rules, to be considerate of his schedule and not rile him in any way. It had made the past couple of days rather tedious, she'd admit. But it also gave him peace of mind. Soon enough, she would be back in her lonely apartment and she wouldn't have any anticipation of seeing him again.

Mico raised his radio, speaking into it for a moment, then listening for another long moment. Nikki stood there, acting as if she were fine, like she wasn't about to run down the long hallway, break into Nazar's office just to get a look at him and see for herself that he was okay.

Mico lowered his radio and bowed slightly. "He's fine. He is meeting with three gentlemen from Vorezh, Russia. They are discussing oil issues."

Nikki nodded her head, accepting that what he'd said was fine. She walked away, trying to put the odd feeling out of her mind and focus on figuring out what to do with herself until tonight. But the feeling simply wouldn't go away. In fact, the more she moved away from the administrative area where Nazar worked during the day, the stronger that feeling grew.

She walked back to her rooms, closing the door behind her and started pacing the large room. It was a beautiful room, filled with priceless antiques, beautiful silks and more technology than she knew what to do with. But none of this soothed her soul like Nazar could as soon as he took her into his arms.

She just needed to see him! Just peek at him for a brief moment. She couldn't get rid of this nagging sensation that something was wrong. Seriously wrong.

While Nikki paced, she bit the tip of her thumb, trying to come up with a plan of action. Just sitting back wasn't like her. It wasn't in her nature. She needed to do something, to see Nazar and make sure he was okay.

Not that she had any illusions of taking out a dangerous criminal if she actually saw one. In fact, she probably wouldn't recognize one on the street. She wasn't sure what a criminal would look like, but she was fairly certain that they didn't wear a sign that said "Danger" on their chest or forehead. She probably passed criminals all the time while walking around Washington, D.C., but they might just look like normal people.

She had to smile at the opening she'd just given herself for the perfect political joke. Walking on the streets of Washington, D.C...criminals....she shook her head and focused on the real problem. What was she going to do? How was she going to get a peek at Nazar just to give herself piece of mind?

Nikki paced back and forth, her mind reeling from this inability to take action. She was looking out at the courtyard, watching the birds fly over the trees and float away when something occurred to her. She remembered reading a romance novel a long time ago where the guy in charge had a secret chamber where his harem, or maybe it was one of his wives, had a place where she could watch her husband in the throne room.

She had absolutely no idea if there was such a place in this palace, but it looked old enough. What were the odds of the security team not finding that tunnel? Surely leaving it open would be a major security breach, wouldn't it?

Well, she'd gotten into the palace, hadn't she?

She considered that idea to have come from the little red devil on her left shoulder, while the white angel on her right side pointed out, "And look where that got you!" Both had very good points.

Nikki smiled, thinking of the previous night and how gentle and passionate, how demanding Nazar had been with her. She knew that Nazar was the ultimate lover and a small part of her even thought that he was the man who was specially made for her. It seemed as if he knew what she wanted, even before she knew she wanted it. He could almost read her mind, driving her crazy with desire, only to bring her such complete and utter pleasure that she now knew what bliss was like. And just lying in his arms while he slept, she felt as if her world was complete. It didn't take jewels or fancy cars. Just Nazar's arms or the way he kissed her awake to say goodbye before he left her each morning.

No. There was no way she was going to pace here in this gilded cage while there was a possibility that her man was in danger. Something was wrong and she wasn't going to ignore this feeling any longer.

She walked around the perimeter of the courtyard, wondering if this had been part of the harem at some point. It certainly looked elaborate enough for a harem quarters. But what did she know? She grew up sharing a bedroom that was smaller than some people's closets. She and Brianna had snuck in flashlights to read at night because their curfew and lights out was so early each evening.

She and Brianna had eventually snuck out each night, refusing to be tied to rules that they didn't agree with. So it simply wasn't in her nature to obey. Unless she wanted to, she thought with a smile as she remembered the previous night. Nazar was very exciting when he gave her orders. Of course, those orders she enjoyed following because they were so stimulating in the end.

She ran her fingers along the concrete, stepped into her closet and looked along the walls and ceilings. Nothing.

When she stepped out of the room, Mico and a new guy stood there, watching her with those expressionless eyes. "I'm just going to explore the palace. Would you like to come with me?"

They didn't even nod their heads, just turned their muscular bodies in the direction she started walking. After an hour of dead ends, boring rooms, elaborately decorated hallways and more parlors or sitting rooms than she cared to count, she couldn't believe what she'd found. A secret passageway! When she turned back to Mico, she saw the surprise in his face as well. "Let's just go see where this one leads, shall we?" she asked and stepped into the dark, musty tunnel before they could stop her.

The tunnel didn't lead anywhere except down into the cellar. When she looked back, she noticed Mico and the new guy's faces which were smug. "Okay. So this was a dead end," she said. Literally, she thought. There was just a cement wall. And the cement wasn't century's old, so it had to have been put up recently. Possibly not with Nazar's administration, but at some point in the past twenty or thirty years.

When she stepped out of the tunnel, she looked up and was pulling a cobweb from her hair when she felt that familiar trembling start up again. This wasn't the "scary" trembling. This was the "Nazar" trembling. The anticipation, eager-to-see-him trembling.

Turning, she looked up and saw Nazar standing a few feet away from her, looking like he wasn't sure if he should strangle her or kiss her. To circumvent the first, and promote the second... and also because seeing him reassured her that he was okay, she threw herself into his arms and hugged him around his lean waist. "You're okay!" she gasped, so relieved she almost started crying.

He heard the worry in her voice and held her close for a moment, but then looked down at her. "Hey, what's wrong? Why were you trying to escape the palace again?"

She wiped the tears from her cheeks, feeling a little silly now that he was here and no bullet wounds were gushing any vital bodily fluid. "Escape?" She laughed and hugged him close again. "Why in the world would you think I was trying to escape?"

"The tunnel?" he prompted, looking behind her as Mico and Abiye stepped out.

Nikki looked behind her again, then smiled up into his handsome face. "I wasn't trying to escape. Just the opposite in fact."

When his only response was to raise those black eyebrows again, she sighed and leaned her cheek against his chest. "You're okay then? No danger?"

Nazar stilled and put his hands on her back. "Why would you think I was in danger?" he asked, thinking about the Russian mafia bosses that had just left his office, threatening to tear up his entire kingdom if he didn't pull out on the deal with his friend. Nazar had stood firm, knowing that Interpol had been waiting for these two men to step out from under their rocks. Nazar didn't need to wait for Interpol though. He'd simply taken things into his own hands. Interpol could just wait to get their hands on those two goons.

"I'm fine. Why would you be worried?"

She looked at him and instantly her eyes narrowed. "What happened?" she demanded.

Nazar chuckled, thrilled that she could already read him so easily. Not that he wanted her to be aware of all of his secrets, but the fact that she suspected something was amiss meant that she was more in tune with him than she wanted to admit. He took her hand and led her back down the hallway. "Why don't you tell me what you were doing, and I'll tell you what happened in my last meeting?"

She watched him carefully, wondering if she should believe him. And then it hit her. She did trust him! She trusted him completely.

Nikki wasn't aware that she'd stopped, but Nazar stepped in front of her, nodding to his body guards, indicating that he wanted some privacy. "Talk to me, Nicole. Tell me what you were just thinking."

"I trust you," she whispered with a big dose of relief and a small shot of horror and fear coming through.

His hand came up to cradle her face. "I know you trust me. Is there anything else?"

Looking into his eyes, she suddenly realized that trust came with belief that he wouldn't hurt her. Would he? She sighed and shook her head.

"Nothing that would make any difference," she replied, trying to keep her chin from trembling. She didn't want him to know what was going on inside her head. "What was your meeting about?" she asked, suddenly remembering her morning and how terrified she'd been for his safety.

As soon as the words were out, she noticed the way his eyes changed. It wasn't so much that they moved or shifted as much as they just...closed. The window, the expressions she could normally see in his eyes were no longer there. They were simply blank. That alone told her more than she suspected he would admit to her.

Nazar pulled her closer again, his hand coming up to caress her cheek gently. "I had meetings all morning. Which one did you want to hear about?" he asked.

She stepped closer, looking up into his eyes more carefully. She remembered their conversation about "tells" and how he could automatically tell when she was lying or bluffing, or just anything he wanted to know about her. "Nazar, tell me about the meeting that you don't want to tell me about." When she saw the surprise in his eyes, she knew she'd hit upon something important. "I knew it! I knew that you were in danger! What happened?" she demanded, stepping right up to him and placing her hands on his chest, as if she needed to feel him, to know that he was okay.

Nazar was so surprised, he was silent for a long moment. "Why do you think I was in any kind of danger? My guards were with me at all times."

She considered that for a moment, still watching him closely. Then shook her head. "No. Something happened this morning."

He took her hand and started walking again, sorting through everything in his mind. "I'll make a deal with you. You tell me why you thought I was in a dangerous situation and I'll tell you about all my meetings."

She stopped him simply by stopping herself. "Nazar, I can't really explain why I knew you were in danger."

He definitely didn't like what she was implying. "Are you saying that someone mentioned something about my meetings this morning?" His hands were gripping hers. Not painfully, but enough so that she recognized his anger.

She shook her head to reassure him. His staff was shockingly loyal to him. No one ever told her anything he didn't want her to know. Much to her chagrin.

"No. No one said a word and you should know better than to imply such a thing. Your guards are admirably devoted to you." Out of the corner of her eye, she saw all four guards exchange a look among themselves but she brought her focus right back to Nazar. "I can't tell you because...well," she looked down at his chest, searching for words that might make sense. "Well, because I just knew." She bit her lip, worried that he'd think she was crazy. "I just sensed it." She looked back up into his handsome face. "Are you saying that something truly did happen? Was I just imagining the feeling?"

Nazar smiled and bent down low to kiss her tenderly. "You weren't imagining anything." His hand came up to touch her cheek gently. "And after this, you're going to have to admit that you love me," he told her with victory in those fascinating eyes of his.

Nikki pulled back, horrified by what he was saying. Her heart was racing, her mind was flustered and she opened her mouth to deny it, but nothing came out. She started to shake her head, but he chuckled and took her hand, moving them down the hallway again. She'd admitted it to herself, but admitting it to him would leave her vulnerable. More vulnerable than she wanted to be.

Nazar wasn't going to allow her any reprieve. "You sensed that something was wrong with me and yet, you still don't accept that there's a connection between us?"

"A connection?" she whispered.

"Yes. Something that goes beyond a reasonable thought. Something that makes you feel connected to me even though we're in different rooms. Something that tells you when I might be in danger." He looked down at her. "I feel that towards you," he finally said.

She looked back up at him, startled by his words as well as the implication behind them. He cupped her cheek gently as he said, "Yes. I love you. I've loved you for a while now. I've just been waiting for you to learn to trust me."

She shook her head. "I don't trust you. Not one little bit," she denied, but deep down inside, she knew she was lying again. "I don't!" she asserted, more to herself than to him.

"I had two men in my office who were threatening to kill me if I didn't stop interfering with their market manipulation scheme," he told her, interrupting her denials.

She stopped and looked up at him, her eyes wide with fear. "Who were they?"

"A couple of messengers with the Russian mafia. They were the ones behind the scheme that was raising the oil prices and shifting the markets." He touched her hair, running his fingers through the soft tresses. "I don't allow anyone to mess with my country's oil revenues," he told her firmly.

She knew about mafia tactics. Or at least, she knew what the movies had told her and they were vicious. "That means you're in danger!" she stated, fear loud and clear in her voice even as her hands gripped his arms, clutching at his shirt to get him to listen to her.

Nazar chuckled at her vehemence. "But you don't love me, right?"

She ignored his teasing and wrapped her arms around his waist, holding him tight. "Those men won't stop until you're dead or you've given them what they want," she said with emotion clogging her voice. "Please don't mess with them."

He pulled back, but kept her close by wrapping his own arms around her shoulders. "Nikki, you don't seem to grasp a very important concept here."

"What's that? That you're too arrogant to think that those men can hurt you? They won't stop! They can't be bought and they take pride in hurting people in creative ways."

He chuckled softly. "And they are right now in a prison cell."

She was stunned by that announcement. "What do you mean? How were you able to put them in a prison cell?"

"They threatened me."

She rolled her eyes again. "They threaten everyone. And from what I've read, they don't make idle threats."

He smiled at her naivete. "Nikki, I don't allow anyone to threaten me."

She huffed a bit. "But they'll just walk away and come back when you aren't watching."

It was his turn to roll his eyes. "We aren't in the United States any longer. Your rules don't apply here. I don't need to even allow a trial for these two men. And the ones who sent him? They'll be extradited, brought up on charges of threatening me, not to mention manipulating the markets. Even as we speak, my security forces are rounding them up and putting them on a plane to be transported back here. All with the blessing of Interpol, by the way."

She blinked and tried to absorb everything he was telling her. "So they aren't running around plotting to kill or maim you?"

He laughed. "No. They won't ever see the light of day again. They will be in a prison for the rest of their lives for threatening me. That's treason. And even their fellow prisoners won't help them escape."

She smiled, a feeling of intense relief flowing over her. "So there isn't a threat any longer?"

"No threat." He laughed.

Nikki couldn't believe the relief that surged through her. "Thank goodness!" she said and wrapped her arms around him, enjoying the feeling of his strong arms holding her firmly. "I was so worried."

"So....you were trying to escape?" Nazar was trying to understand her, but when he'd heard what she was doing, and the implication, he'd stormed out of the meeting, leaving several very high ranking members of his cabinet looking confused and worried.

She pressed her face against his chest. "No. No escape. I'm here for as long as you want me," she said, trying to hide her tears at all she was giving up in order to be with him. Including her heart.

Nazar stiffened, not sure if she meant what she was saying. "And what if I want you here forever?" he asked softly, his hands sliding up and down her back, feeling her body freeze.

Nikki looked up at him, her eyes wide with fear. "What are you saying, Nazar?" she whispered.

Nazar sighed and looked around. "We can't have this conversation in the middle of the hallway," he snapped. "Come with me." He took her hand and led her into one of the many rooms she'd already investigated. This one was a lovely, elaborate room that would look perfect in any European government center. It looked exactly like all the pictures where the officials had their pictures taken, complete with gilded finials on top of maroon walls and gold, brocade chairs that looked stiff and uncomfortable. Chairs that made one sit up straight.

He led her over to one of the uncomfortable looking sofas and, with a hand on each of her upper arms, sat her down on the sofa. But he didn't sit next to her. Instead, he paced back and forth, his hand rubbing over his face as if he were trying to figure something out. "Nikki, I know you don't trust me. So I'm going to tell you what's going on."

Nikki put up her hand to stop him, not wanting him to believe she didn't trust him now. She was terrified of what she felt, but it wasn't distrust. And she had a sense of acceptance for what she now felt, a fatalistic, would-be-unhappier-without-him attitude. "I don't..."

"Hear me out," he stopped her, and kept on pacing. "Your friend is a reporter. We already know that. When she stumbled upon my best friend in a nightclub, she somehow found a paper that I had given to Rocco, which she obviously didn't understand and obviously sent to you for help in trying to understand." He took a deep breath and rubbed his neck as if to alleviate some of the tension gathering in his shoulders. "Anyway, the words you read were my part of a plan to take down a scheme built up over the last several years by the Russian mafia. Essentially, it manipulated oil prices so they could then go in and reap higher profits. As soon as Rocco and I discovered what was going on, we developed a plan to stop them. But your friend figured it out, or at least a part of it. Rocco had to keep her safe, but that meant she was trapped in his house in the Pennsylvania mountains." He looked at her, trying to gauge her reaction to his comment. "She's safe and sound, but..." and he wasn't sure how she would react to this news, "Rocco has already set a date."

Nikki stared up at him blankly. "A date? A date for what? Are you two getting together?"

Nazar sighed, not sure if she would be excited or sad that her friend was getting married. "A date for his wedding." He waited. "He's marrying Brianna."

Nikki absorbed that information, not sure what to say or how she felt about it. And then it struck her. Brianna was getting married? She'd finally fell in love? "How wonderful!" Nikki said and threw herself into Nazar's arms, laughing and wiggling, too excited to be still.

Nazar held her close, enjoying her softness but grinding his teeth as that softness roused his body. It was always like this with Nikki. There wasn't a time when he thought about her that he didn't think about her sweet smile or her lush body and his own reacted. She didn't even need to be close.

"So you're not upset?"

Nikki pulled back, her expression shocked. "Upset that one of my best friends is happy and has found a man she loves?" She laughed and shook her head, her curls dancing around her face. "Never! I'm thrilled! It's wonderful news."

He sighed with relief, grateful once again for her generous nature and her sincere love for her friend. "Then marry me."

The excited dance stopped and she was once again in that strange stillness that was so unlike her. "Marry?"

"You said you'd stay with me for as long as I wanted. I want you forever. I want to have children with you, to grow old with you. I want your strange sense of crazy courage to be transferred to our children and I want to battle with you for every inch, just like we've been doing for the past week."

The steel band that had formed around her heart suddenly disappeared. He liked her craziness? He wanted his children to be like her? Of all the things she'd thought about over the past few days, this was the absolute last.

"Why?"

He threw back his head and laughed. "Because you entice me. You drive me crazy with your adorable body walking into any room and all I want to do is throw you down onto any surface and make love to you. I love the way your mind works, I think you're fascinating to talk to, argue with and just be around. And I think you have a passion for life that is refreshing. It seems like nothing scares you, but deep down, you're just a beautiful woman who won't let her fears hold her back from protecting the ones you love and experiencing life." He took her hands, kissing her fingertips delicately. "And I want it all. I want every moment of your life. I want to fight with you, love with you and be with you. If you can endure my arrogance and obnoxiousness," he teased.

Nikki tried to stop the tears. But his words melted that steel that had caged her heart for so long. Trusting was hard, but as she heard him talk like that, she realized that she'd spent more energy protecting herself from hurt. Besides, she wanted to taste life with Nazar. Without the fears that had been holding her back.

"I don't know how to live without fears," she whispered. Moving close, she lifted up and was going to kiss his chin but he moved so that she was able to reach his lips. "I'll learn though. I was afraid of horses before I met you." A glint came into her eyes as she said, "If I can control a horse, I'm pretty sure I can control you."

He laughed again and pulled her close. "I will enjoy your attempts at controlling me," he growled and bent low to kiss her until she was clinging to him once again.

Epilogue

"Are they here yet?" Nikki asked, waddling into the living room. Her hands were clenched into fists over her protruding belly and her lips were raw from biting them. "They should be here, shouldn't they?"

Nazar watched with amusement as his no-longer-little wife paced back and forth in the sitting room, glancing out the window as if she might somehow see the limousines arrive.

"I'm sure you'll be the first to know when they arrive, my love." He was trying to be soothing, but she was walking in front of him, her pregnant belly very obvious and his voice might be a bit huskier than it was comforting. He couldn't help it. She was the sexiest woman he'd ever seen with her swollen belly that was protecting their child.

She glanced in his direction, then started to move away before the look in his eyes registered. The blush that formed on her pretty cheeks caused him to chuckle. "How can you be thinking of sex at a time like this? I haven't seen Rachel or Brianna since Jefferson's second birthday. Almost three months!" she said, referring to Rachel's youngest son. Rachel had four kids and loved every moment of being a mother to her wild clan. Brianna had two kids already, two boys Lucas and Jacob, who ruled her heart whenever Rocco wasn't claiming it. She was also on her third novel, which centered on the business world and all the mysteries her creative mind could come up with. Her last had hit almost every best seller's list and they were all cheering for her next novel, which was due to come out soon.

He laughed again but stood up, taking her hands gently. "I know. And I'm sorry. I can't help the way I feel about you but I know you're worried." He kissed the top of her head and pulled her against him sideways since she no longer fit against him if she were facing him. "I also understand how important your friends are to you. And I'm so sorry that we haven't had time to visit them before now."

She turned her face and kissed his chest. "It isn't just us. Brianna and Rachel are just as busy. I just wish we hadn't married important people. Then we could live closer to each other."

"That's all true. But you'd be married to a boring accountant or lawyer and wouldn't be nearly as happy as you are now."

She glared up at him, thinking about how he'd tricked her into a meeting with the education minister earlier that morning. "I wasn't so happy about that hour and a half with the pompous jerk in charge of your school system," she came right back. "I can't believe all the books he wants to eliminate from the school libraries! It's basically censorship!"

"Yes, but you set him straight, didn't you?"

She grumbled slightly but then her son, Jafar, walked into the room and her anger dissipated. "You're out of class early!" she exclaimed as he ran into her arms.

Nazar bent down and picked up their son, almost tossing him in the air. "I told his tutors that he should have the day off today so he could be here when his friends arrive."

Jafar giggled, covering his mouth. "Jonas promised to teach me a trick on my pony," he chirped up, his six year old mind reveling in the idea of so many friends coming to visit that were closer to his age. "And Liza is pretty."

Nikki kissed his chubby cheek. "Lilly is more your age, dear."

Jafar shrugged his shoulders, obviously unconcerned with the two year age difference between himself and Liza. "Lucas and Jacob both like Lilly," he explained, as if they were allowed to fight over the six year old while he set his sights on Rachel's eight year old daughter.

Suddenly, there was a chaotic clash of voices and both Nikki and Jafar looked in the direction of the doorway. A moment later, a frazzled aid opened the doors a fraction of a second before two beautiful women burst into the room, their eyes quickly scanning the area before settling on their friend. "Nikki!" both Rachel and Brianna cried out, their arms outstretched as the three of them embraced. "Oh, it's been too long," Brianna cried.

Nikki was already crying, her arms wrapped around her friends while Rachel brushed her own tears away. "I agree. We can't wait this long to catch up."

The three of them pulled away and smiled. "Are the kids okay?" Nikki asked of both of her friends.

The three of them looked to the right where a crazy jumble of arms and legs with little heads already bent into pairs could be found. Those heads meant trouble because Nikki, Rachel and Brianna knew that conspiracies abounded when their kids got together. Seven kids laughed and giggled, acting as if they hadn't been apart for the past six months.

"Yeah, the kids are great," Rachel replied with a smile. Then she looked over at the three men leaning against the bar, all with a drink in their hands already. "The men are getting ready, I can see."

Nikki and Brianna laughed while the three men raised their glasses in response.

Rachel turned after rolling her eyes at her husband. "You," she said to Nikki, "need to sit down."

Nikki laughed, but didn't argue. She got off of her feet whenever possible. "You have to tell me what's been happening since last July. I can't believe how big they've all gotten!"

The three women looked over at their children and their husbands. "Remember the moment in elementary school when we all met?" she whispered, a lump in her throat as she thought back to those frightening days. "Could you have imagined being here now?"

Brianna and Rachel shook their heads, their eyes tearing up again as they remembered those days. "They were horrible," Bri said. "If it hadn't been for you two, I don't know if I could have gotten through those days."

Rachel shook her head. "You would have been fine. We are strong women. But being together made it so much more fun."

"And it's gotten better ever since," Bri said, squeezing their hands to emphasize her words.

"I agree," Nikki whispered. She was happier than she'd ever thought possible. The three of them were proof that a bad beginning could lead to a miraculous life.

