Chapter 1

Dana stared at the elderly chief of staff with growing horror. "But....I really don't want to be promoted," she said through stiff lips that could barely move from the fear caving in on her, the metallic taste of terror overwhelming the sandalwood and coffee scents that normally permeated this man's office. "I'm perfectly happy in my current role." Even the normal low hum off office noises faded as the blood pounded through her brain, blocking out everything but the panic.

This was really bad. Her current position as an office assistant was perfect, keeping her in the background and giving her the anonymity she craved, a state of being she hadn't had in a long time and something she desperately needed.

Forget the extra pay, Dana thought anxiously. She wanted to be invisible. She needed to be just a face in the crowd that no one noticed, no one looked at twice. Her assistant's position was challenging, interesting and, what was more important, it didn't give her any visibility.

Being promoted to a senior assistant's role was a much more obvious position. Because of the previous year, being noticed meant danger, something she'd traveled halfway around the world to avoid. She wasn't going to give it up without a fight. Unfortunately, the chief of staff wasn't a man one could argue with. He laid down the rules and the rest of the staff followed. That had been fine before but she had to really think hard to come up with a good reason to not accept that promotion.

"I'm really not qualified for this role, sir. There are so many people more deserving of this promotion that..."

Omar Suleiman, the Sheik of Odar's Chief of Staff, interrupted her impatiently, waving his hand in front of him as if the conversation were over. He'd made his decision and he rarely allowed arguments, much less discussion from office personnel. "You've earned it. Your work is excellent, you're attention to detail has been noticed not to mention your fluency in Arabic, English and French, an important asset to His Highness. The role comes with a significant increase in salary, of course, not to mention prestige and a great deal of travel."

Her head was spinning, and not from excitement but from the overwhelming urge to run and hide. "What happened to Mr. Kingsley? He's been doing this job for the past twenty years. I thought he was happy in the role."

"He has done an excellent job for the kingdom. But he has requested retirement and since he is now over seventy years old, we have granted this request." This was said as if to inform Dana that she too would be expected to remain in the role until well after her expected retirement.

Her mind swam with the various possibilities or arguments against this promotion, anything that would get her out of this role. "I really don't think...."

Omar's eyebrows went down in irritation at her continued resistance to his plan. "Enough," he said emphatically. "I know this is a bit much for you, but you will take the role if His Highness agrees that you fit the requirements. And you will continue to do an excellent job because I believe it is in your nature to be meticulous in your responsibilities. If you have any questions about anything that comes up, you may come directly to me for assistance." He stood up from behind his desk, his long, white robes flowing behind him. "Come with me," he ordered and walked out of the well appointed office, expecting Dana to simply follow because he'd ordered it.

And of course, she followed. One simply didn't ignore the sheik's chief of staff.

That was, until he started to lead her into the sheik's office. "Why would we be going in there?" she asked, her voice choked and she hesitated before entering the room where decisions were made that could change the economy of massive countries. She peered inside, half expecting to see....well, she wasn't sure what she was expecting, but it certainly wasn't an innocuous office setup.

Since the office was empty except for Omar, she entered and looked around, amazed at how gorgeous the office was. There were tall windows that let in sunshine and bookcases along one wall that went from the floor to the ceiling with a ladder that swung along a rail so a person could select books on any shelf. The furniture was dark and heavy, very masculine but it fit the man who ruled this oil rich, powerful country.

She'd seen the sheik many times of course. Who hadn't? He was one of those men that women did internet searches on just to gaze at his rugged, handsome looks. She'd never seen him close up though. He was much too powerful for anyone at her level to get close to but she knew him to be tall, was rumored to be charming and he worked out regularly with his guards, although she had no idea what that meant. Perhaps they all just competed to see who could lift the most weights or maybe they battled each other until someone was bloody. She didn't care, and didn't want to know. All she wanted was her tiny office in the back hallway where she could do her work and remain safe and unnoticed.

"His Highness will be with you shortly," the chief of staff said, before walking out of the office.

Dana stared after him for a long, terrified moment before she started pacing. Her mind worked frantically, trying to come up with reasons why she wasn't the best candidate for the position. She just couldn't risk having that kind of spotlight but she also didn't want to leave her current role. She loved her job, but more importantly, she loved the security of the palace. No one was getting to her while she worked within the palace walls, especially not to see a lowly secretary. The role of assistant to the sheik would require her to work outside the palace much more often, to be at his side during travel, official visits and various other events. Possibly even social events that would be publicized although maybe she could remain hidden in the shadows during those functions. Dana had no idea what the protocol might be and the lack of knowledge made her even more frantic.

No, she'd just have to be brilliant and come up with a fabulous, valid, irrefutable reason for why she was completely inappropriate for the job.

She spotted a pad of paper on the corner of the desk and picked it up, selecting a pen as well. She paced back and forth in the office as she thought about different reasons why she wasn't right, writing them down in a list. Some of the ideas were ridiculous and she crossed them out, but others were very valid.

Of course, she didn't write the main reason. No, that one would have to remain a secret since it might get her fired from her current role and probably tossed out of the country.

Sheik Hassan Bin Faisir-Al-Takar watched in fascination as the lovely woman walked back and forth across his office, mumbling something under her breath before scribbling on his note pad. She also had his favorite pen but since she looked so earnest in whatever she was trying to think of, he didn't want to disturb her. Besides, she was definitely a sight to behold. She was wearing a wrap around dress that hugged her in all the right places and he enjoyed it both when she was heading towards him so he could see her lush breasts that tapered to a tiny waist, or when she was walking away from him and he was presented with her cute derriere that moved underneath the fabric with each step she took, drawing his eyes to the enticing flesh underneath. He wondered how long her brown hair was since it was contained in a neat chignon at the base of her neck but her eyes were a warm, sexy brown that seemed to dance with whatever was on her mind.

This woman was so intent, she didn't even realize that he was there, leaning in the doorway watching her. But after several moments, his curiosity got the better of him and he wanted to know what could possibly be troubling a woman as lovely as this little one.

He knew this was the woman he was supposed to be interviewing for the role of his executive assistant but she was completely inappropriate for the role. Her porcelain skin and her rosebud lips, not to mention that knockout figure, meant she would be too much of a distraction. Beautiful women were lovely to have around, but not during business hours. The work of the kingdom had to be accomplished and with this one flitting in and out of his office and meetings, he would be hard pressed to concentrate. Omar must be getting old if he thought this little beauty was the perfect candidate.

Dana turned around, trying to come up with at least three more reasons why she wouldn't work out when she spotted the man standing in the doorway. Goodness he was tall!

And getting taller as he came closer! The top of her head barely reached his shoulder and she shrank back slightly as he approached.

At his dark, intent look, she cringed slightly, intimidated despite herself. When he was a few feet away, she remembered palace protocol and dropped her pen and note pad while she dipped into a deep curtsy. "Your Highness!" she gasped and looked down at the ground, wondering how one was supposed to gracefully curtsy and then pick up a stolen pen and pad of paper without looking like a fool.

Probably too late for that, she thought with an inward grimace.

He smiled slightly at her genuflection, done with enthusiasm, but very little practice. "You're here to interview for the role of my executive assistant?" he stated, moving to a seating area away from his desk that contained two large, brown, leather chairs and an enormous brown, leather sofa. "Please, have a seat and let's discuss the possibilities."

Dana smiled gratefully, glad that he wasn't going to sit behind that massive desk and look even more daunting. She thought it would be less intimidating if they were sitting away from a symbol of his absolute power in this country. But as they sat down, his long, muscular legs coming much too close to her own, she realized that she'd been wrong. This man wasn't intimidating because of some external symbol of power. He was just terrifying as a man!

As his intelligent, grey eyes looked at her, she had to glance away or get lost in their sensuous depths. She'd always thought of those lines as a crock when she'd read them in books but now she understood what it meant when a man had "bedroom eyes". She literally couldn't focus when he looked at her like that and once again, the idea of running and hiding someplace was very tempting but for completely different reasons now.

First things first, she reminded herself. Get her old job back and then she could worry about all these silly little feelings she had for a man she'd met thirty seconds ago.

"About the job," she started to say, "I think that your chief of staff might have been a bit too hasty about submitting my name for the position."

"Why do you say that?" he asked, already confused by her approach. He'd been expecting her to immediately begin listing all of her experience and how she would be perfect for the role. After which, he would have to gently tell her that she wouldn't work out, but that he would see what other options might suit her better within the palace. The opposite approach to this interview certainly had his attention.

"Well, for one, I'm definitely too young and inexperienced. I certainly don't have all the skills necessary to be your executive assistant."

He tried not to show the surprise on his face as she stated the first thing that had come to his mind. But with her comment, he was somehow forced to challenge her assertion. "It's my understanding that you've already met all the skills requirements for this role and they've been amply demonstrated. Otherwise, Omar wouldn't have suggested you for the position."

That stumped her. "I can't imagine that my experience could surpass the skills of your last assistant. He'd been with you for years."

"You've been helping my previous assistant for the past six months, is that correct?"

"Yes, but..."

"So you have the requirements." He stated that with emphasis and a slight shrug that told her he wasn't going to argue her skill set any longer.

"But...." She scrambled and looked down, focusing her mind to regroup and quickly go over the notes she'd scribbled minutes ago. "I don't know palace protocol well enough. I could make some pretty horrible errors and offend someone. Even my curtsy is pretty pathetic and that's just the beginning of my lack of knowledge."

He nodded his head, about to say something, but she stopped him again with what she considered another mark against her. "I don't know all of the personnel who would be useful so if something needed to be done quickly, I might go to the wrong person to ask for help, thereby slowing down the efficiency of everyone in the office. The things you do for this country are much too important to be delayed simply because you have an assistant who asked the wrong person or question. Not to mention the security risks associated with asking someone a question that might be outside of their clearance area. The work you do is completely confidential and revealing something to the wrong person, even accidentally, could be a serious breach in security." She was really getting into the swing of this, she thought. That last comment was on the fly, not from her notes, but it sounded really good.

Hassan sat back, amused but trying to hide it. He'd never interviewed someone who was trying to dissuade him from hiring them. "Please continue."

She glanced down at her notes, looking very earnest and confident that she shouldn't do the job. "I don't know the first thing about diplomacy. You work with so many people and my honesty might slip out and ruin a plan you've been working hard to develop." She realized that he was listening to her and not getting angry. Was she convincing him? "I really don't get out much, I'm a horrible introvert and you need someone who is good around people, someone who prefers to be surrounded by others and gets energized by being around people. I actually avoid crowds, preferring a good book. Or even a not so good book," she said with complete honesty and a grimace because most of the books she read were what she called "brain candy" and Dana was unapologetic about her reading preferences. "So all the parties and functions you need to attend, well, I'd be trying to get out of them as much as possible not to mention being unable to converse intelligently on the latest best seller or cerebral tome of which the media thinks is the next best mind game to success."

"Is there anything else?"

"My language skills are only passable," she explained lamely, worried about the amusement she was starting to detect in his voice and those damnable grey eyes that kept luring her out of her focus. "I'm pretty good in French and English and of course I can speak Arabic," she admitted. "But other languages I struggle with."

Hassan nodded, paying more attention to her dancing brown eyes than her words, although he was still amused by her approach. "Anything else?"

"Well..." she couldn't think of anything else. Glancing down, she read through all of her notes and nothing else made sense. She glanced up at him, wishing this were true but it was all she could think of. "I don't really like you."

Hassan was stunned at first. Then threw his head back and laughed, delighted with her refreshing attitude.

Dana grimaced and thought quickly. "Okay, so it isn't that I don't really like you so much as I disagree with several of your policies. Number one is the fact that your country's wealth is resting on the oil underneath your ground and that's a fossil fuel that is changing the whole weather pattern of the earth and I'd much rather drive an electric vehicle than damage the environment any longer..." she knew she wasn't getting through to him and her voice slowly faltered to an awkward halt.

"You start immediately," he said and stood up. "There are several meetings this afternoon. You will sit in on them and take notes. Talk to Omar about the other issues with the meetings and he'll fill you in," he replied.

With that, he walked over to his desk, picking up several documents and handing them to her with instructions on what to do with each. Dana listened, stunned and horrified for several minutes before she realized that she should be writing down everything he was telling her. She'd already missed the first few instructions but scrambled quickly to turn things around, writing as fast as her fingers could move.

Ten minutes later, she walked out of his office with her arms filled with files, contracts and instructions that she dumped onto her already crowded desk in her miniscule office. As she stood back and looked at everything, she was stunned that the man had so much to do. Okay, so he ran a country. Literally ran a country. But doesn't he delegate anything?

And why in the world had he hired her? Hadn't he listened to anything she'd said? She was completely inappropriate for the job. Good grief, she'd more than convinced herself that she was an idiot so why hadn't he even blinked at the problems she'd presented to him about her taking on the role.

With a sigh, she started with what she thought were the highest priority items and worked her way through each, referencing his instructions over and over again, unsure what to do in several situations but since she couldn't find anyone to ask, apparently everyone was in some important, private meeting, she was on her own. She'd have to catch him when he's thinking more clearly and then maybe he would let her step back into her previous position.

Dana did the best she could but knew that she was probably missing the mark on several issues. Lunch time came and went and she didn't even realize that it was almost dinner time until Hassan came out of the meeting. With barely a nod in her direction, he disappeared once again into his office with his advisors and she clenched her teeth in an effort to not scream out that she hadn't asked for, nor wanted, this job that was now making her stay late to get through all the worked he'd piled on top of her narrow shoulders.

By nine o'clock that night she finished the last of his instructions. As she turned off her computer, she poked her head out of her office and looked at the other desks, wondering when everyone else had left the office.

"You're here very late," Hassan said from the doorway to his office. He slowly walked down the hall until he was standing in front of her. "I hope you had dinner."

Dana glanced down at her watch and sighed, all her hunger suddenly appearing now that she wasn't frantically trying to get the work accomplished. "I'll grab something when I get home."

He pushed away from the doorway and shook his head. "One of the perks of this position is having the kitchen on speed dial." He looked down at her phone and lifted the receiver, pressing a button. A moment later, he instructed that a sandwich be delivered immediately to her desk.

She tried to protest, not wanting to hang out here any longer, especially if he was going to be here as well. All she wanted was to go home, curl up on her soft bed and fall asleep. She didn't even care if she had dinner, because fatigue was her overwhelming issue right at the moment.

"Tell me what you've accomplished today. Where are you on all the items we discussed this morning?"

Dana picked up her notebook and glanced down at her notes, with all the additional scribbles she'd notated throughout the day and accepting that she wasn't getting out of here very soon. She went through the issues, describing what she'd done for each. When she was finished, she took a deep breath and set her notepad back down on her desk, then glared back up at him, daring him to tell her she'd done something wrong after all that.

She saw the surprise on his face but wasn't sure what it indicated. "You finished everything from this morning?"

She blinked, confused. "Of course."

He smiled slightly and shook his head. "The deadline for most of those items was the end of the week."

Her mouth dropped open, shocked at the news that she'd worked this hard for nothing. "Are you kidding me?"

He laughed softly. "I never joke about work."

A knock on the door revealed a man with a tray and Dana's mouth immediately started watering at the sight of food. "That looks delicious," she sighed happily.

The man set the tray on the desk and Dana ignored the gorgeous man standing there watching her eat. She was too hungry to care at this point. "Why didn't you tell me that stuff didn't need to be done by the end of today?"

"You'll start to understand the deadlines a bit more as you gain experience."

"In the meantime, I'm just going to have to guess?"

"Or ask."

"Who was I supposed to ask? No one was here."

"You are my personal assistant now, Dana. Feel free to interrupt me for further guidance."

She watched him carefully, wondering where that interruption line would be drawn.

Her cell phone rang and she glanced down at the number but didn't recognize it. She tucked it back into her purse, then wrapped up the rest of the sandwich after eating only a few bites. "Thank you for dinner. That was delicious." It really had been a crazy day and although the sandwich hadn't filled her up yet, it at least pushed the hunger pains away until she could create some space between herself and this man who made her body tremble slightly.

As she stood up, she was struck again by how tall the man was. "I'll try very hard to do a good job."

"Even though you don't like me."

She blushed and glanced down. "Okay, so maybe I don't really know you and I admitted that it isn't you that I disagree with but some of your policies." She grimaced and shook her head again. "And maybe I'm just too tired to realize that this is one of those moments when I really shouldn't speak out loud because I'm too tired and worn out and I'll probably say something I shouldn't. I apologize Your Highness. I was out of line."

He smiled, watching the soft pink blush stain her porcelain cheeks. "I'd like to hear what you disagree with besides burning fossil fuels. We'll discuss those and other topics another time. You look exhausted from today's efforts but I'm impressed that you finished an entire week's worth of work in one day. Just goes to show that Omar was right in selecting you for the role," he said and chuckled at her grimace as he started walking out the door.

When her phone rang again, she glanced at the number and frowned, pressing the "ignore" button. It was the same number as before.

She looked up nervously and stuffed her phone into her purse.

"Boyfriend wondering why you are so late in coming home?" Hassan asked.

Dana shook her head. "I don't have a boyfriend," she said and stood up.

"Why not?"

She stepped around her desk, pretending to be busy looking for something in her purse. "I was just promoted and my boss is a slave driver," she joked.

He didn't laugh. "You're a beautiful woman. I can't believe that a man hasn't captured your attention."

Another blush, she really wished she could stop doing that. If it were anyone else other than this man with his dark, mysterious eyes, she might be able to brush off the questions. But this man made her nervous, which made her mind clumsy. "Oh, I've dated in the past."

"Just not anyone special right now?" Hassan was both intellectually and personally intrigued that some man hadn't already snatched up a woman with Dana's spirit and beauty, not to mention her intelligence and integrity.

"No. Definitely not," she replied, thinking of all the men who were chasing her, unfortunately not for the reason she wanted. "I'd better get home. You start work pretty early each morning."

Hassan watched her leave, his eyes appreciating her slender waist and cute bottom once again. There was just something about her bothered him. He could tell she was hiding something, although what that was, he had no idea. He wasn't concerned that she was doing something illegal or unethical. In order to work in the palace, all employees had to go through a rigorous background check so if there was a criminal or even questionable past, she never would have been considered for employment, much less allowed to enter the palace grounds.

Shrugging away the mystery for now, he called the front gate. "Make sure Dana Miller is escorted home safely," he said. Then as an afterthought, "She might not like the interference so make sure she's unaware of the escort."

He had no idea why he'd done that. Employees and guests left the palace late all the time and he never ordered an escort for any of them. Why he'd chosen to do that for his new assistant was yet another mystery he was too tired to figure out at the moment.

Chapter 2

Her cell phone rang once again and this time she was too distracted by the chaos of the morning to be cautious. Instead of checking the number first, she reached for it automatically. "Hello," she said and grabbed the next contract for review, slapping it onto the center of her desk.

"You're a hard woman to find," a masculine voice whispered in her ear. "Where have you been, little girl?"

Dana's fingers froze and she dropped the highlighter she'd been gripping. Her hand clenched the cell phone and her lips tried to form a reply, but she was too frightened.

"So are you going to tell me where you're hiding? Or am I going to have to do this the hard way? The more I have to wait, the worse it's going to be for you, dearie."

Dana snapped the phone closed and tossed it onto her desk, pushing away from her desk and staring at the phone as if it were poisonous.

"Dana?" Hassan asked as he was walking out of his office. Since she'd been promoted, her office was now right outside of his and he stopped by often when coming or going from meetings to inform her of the next step or to give her additional instructions.

Today, he stopped in front of her, concern in his eyes. She didn't notice his look though since she was still staring at the phone. "What's wrong?" he demanded, his voice strong and confident.

Dana reacted to the tone, her mind reaching for the strength and authority. She needed him right now, so much she had to restrain herself from running into his arms and asking that he hold her tightly in his strong arms. That would be completely inappropriate as an employee, she told herself even as she looked up at him longingly.

Hassan had never seen her so frightened. Except in battle, he'd never seen anyone as frightened as she was at the moment. He tossed the papers he'd been carrying onto her desk and walked around, taking her in his arms and holding her tightly against him. He stood there until the shivers stopped and he heard her breathing return to normal, rubbing her back and soothing her with soft words and reassurance that everything would be okay.

This woman, with all of her feminist logic and soft heart, had gotten under his skin over the past two weeks. Every time she walked into his office, carrying the files in front of her like a shield and her soft cheeks blushing that gorgeous color when he looked at her, he wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her. He'd never dared, reading the signals she was sending out that she was trying to be very businesslike about the situation. And he respected that. At least intellectually he respected that. His body didn't really like it a whole lot though. His body had very different ideas about the kind of relationship he wanted with her and lately, his body's priorities were gaining in ascendancy while his mind controlled the situations only by a thread. Holding her like this, with her slender waist, soft breasts and silky cheek pressed against his chest and her unthinking trust that he would keep her safe, was making his gentlemanly instincts hard to maintain.

When her shaking settled down and he felt her arms loosen slightly, he looked down at her, but didn't release her. He knew that he should probably step back and give her space, but she just smelled too dam good! Not to mention the way she curled into him and he didn't want to give that feeling up.

"What happened?" he asked softly.

Dana almost told him. He was so strong and so competent, surely he could keep her safe. But at the last moment, she remembered the others whose entire career it was to keep people like her safe. They were dead now and she'd barely escaped. She simply couldn't tell him what had happened for fear that he could be hurt as well.

"I saw a spider," she said lamely and pushed her cell phone into her pocket so he wouldn't guess that it had been a phone call.

Hassan stared at her, knowing she was lying but not sure why. "A spider?" he asked gently. "You are that terrified of spiders?" He sat down on the desk behind him so his eyes were at her level. She was achingly lovely even with no color in her skin and her lips being bitten painfully. He reached up and touched her lip gently where she'd been biting them a moment ago. "You really want me to believe that you react that strongly to a spider?"

She took a deep, shaking breath and looked away, hating lying to him. "I'm sorry, that was very silly of me. Arachnophobia isn't pleasant."

He thought about challenging her claim, but knew that she was too stubborn. Whatever had caused this kind of fear had come through on the cell phone she was now hiding in the pocket of her slacks. "Okay," he sighed and stood up, putting a hand on her shoulder. "I don't see the spider around here any longer, but if another one comes around, don't confront it," he said earnestly, hoping she would get the message that he didn't care if it was a spider or something much more malicious, he would help her. "Call me for help and I will fix this, no matter how big or ugly the spider."

Dana nodded and crossed her arms over her stomach protectively. Otherwise, she was likely to throw herself into his arm and sob out the whole horrific story and beg him to take care of the situation. She thought she was safe here, had thought she'd gotten far enough away that they couldn't find her. But now they had her cell phone and she'd confirmed her identity by answering it without a thought, giving them her location.

"Thank you. I'll make sure to call you."

He walked away then. He was too tempted to pull her into his arms and kiss her until she was delirious enough to tell him what was bothering her. He shook his head as if that could actually happen. She seemed a bit too logical for any man to be able to make her delirious. He tossed the papers onto his desk and ran a hand through his hair. Something was wrong and he wanted to protect her but he didn't understand the problem. It drove him crazy to not know.

Picking up his phone, he dialed his head of security. "A call just came in to Dana Miller's cell phone. Find out who it came from and let me know," he ordered.

Dana enjoyed the morning sun on her face and rolled over on her bed, luxuriating in the fact that she could do so. It had been a painfully hard week but today was Sunday and she didn't have to work. She was going to relax today and pretend that the calls hadn't happened, that the man at the other end of the phone a few days ago hadn't really found her and that she was a completely free and normal person who finally had day off and was loving the unexpected liberty.

Deep inside, she accepted that she truly loved her new job. And her feelings for her boss were a wee bit inappropriate.

She snuggled under the covers and groaned. Okay, they were more than a wee bit inappropriate. She was fascinated by the man. Now that she sat in on meetings with him, she understood both the power he wielded as well as the enormous responsibility he had for his people and this country. And it was a responsibility he took very seriously.

He was fair, but wouldn't let other countries take advantage of his people and he worked extremely hard to make sure Odar's growth continued and his goals were met. She might be exhausted from the work schedule, but every time she felt tired, she looked over at Hassan and knew that he worked even harder than she did and had much longer hours. She arrived early each morning for work and left late, but no matter what time she got to her desk, he was already sitting at his own and there were several notes on her desk with instructions, which meant he'd been up earlier than she was, and had most likely worked later than her the previous night.

There were many social events coming up next week so she hoped he would take some time to relax and enjoy the events. The man worked much too hard, she thought and pushed the pillows behind her back.

She'd heard him laugh twice this week. And that sound had been so wonderful, it had made her stomach quiver with excitement and her heart had melted slightly. She was definitely getting too emotionally involved and would have to work to keep things in perspective. This was a sheik, a ruler who had a great deal of responsibility and didn't need her puppy love to get in the way of his daily routines.

Ever since that day when he'd held her in his arms, she'd wondered what it would be like to be held by him in different ways. Inappropriate ways. Her heart raced as she pictured Hassan slowly undressing her and making love to her. She wished she had permission to touch his muscular body and explore....stop it! This was getting completely out of hand, she told herself sternly. She was his executive assistant, nothing more!

Her new cell phone rang and she picked it up, glancing once more at the phone number. She sighed and bit her lower lip, worrying about the fact that whoever was on that phone number had called her cell phone about ten times over the past several days. This wasn't someone who just kept dialing the wrong phone number. Or was she being silly? Could someone just keep on trying the number? The message that answered was a computer and not her own voice so if they were calling erroneously, they'd never know they might be reaching the wrong person.

The call went to voice mail again and she pushed the issue aside. No one knew where she was right at the moment so she was being silly to think that someone had tracked her down so far away.

Just in case, she made one call to her instructor, a man she'd engaged to help her learn an essential skill for someone in her situation, and arranged to meet him for a lesson this afternoon.

By evening, she was exhausted, but in a different way. The week had created a mental exhaustion but this was physical. And every muscle in her body ached from overuse, some of which she hadn't ever used before. In fact, she hadn't even known some of these muscles existed, she thought as she slid her sore body into the tiny tub of her apartment bathroom, sighing with happiness as the heat seeped into her muscles, relaxing and evaporating some of the pain. Or at least pushing it to the side.

Her instructor had taken her through several new moves which could help in an attack. She'd made him go over the moves again and again until she'd perfected them and could do any of them until she had them exactly on target and would hopefully become instinctive.

Two years ago, she never would have considered learning hand to hand combat or defensive techniques. But now it was an essential part of her life, something she honed each day and she also made sure she was aware of what was going on around her.

She hoped never to have to use any of the moves, but the phone calls were making her wary. Maybe she wasn't as safe here as she'd thought? Perhaps she should move on?

Was she just being silly? Could her job at the palace keep her out of the hands of the people she was trying avoid or was she just putting herself into a more dangerous situation? She was several thousands of miles away from home, away from the incident that had put her life in danger. She just needed to relax and let herself enjoy life once again.

Three days later, she was walking through the market, feeling excited and free since Hassan had a dinner meeting with a group of diplomats tonight so he'd sent her home early. Early meant she was gone by dinner time and was now strolling through the market, picking up the various fruits and vegetables for sale. She had no idea what she wanted to make for dinner tonight, but she was going to chop and slice and dice and cook and her whole apartment would smell delicious. She loved cooking but since her promotion, she'd been at the palace until way after dinner, sometimes arguing with Hassan about one policy or another and debating her opinion against his own. The first time she'd done that, she'd been horrified that she'd been so forward as to express her opinion to Hassan. But he'd told her to take a seat and expound. So she had. And he'd argued right back and she had lost track of time, enjoying the arguing with him too much.

But tonight, she was alone and she refused to become depressed about that situation. She couldn't believe that she was actually sad that she wasn't at work, slaving away for the man. The dichotomy of being excited about cooking but sad that she wasn't working made no sense. She should be exultant that she had the night off and could do whatever she wanted to do.

She picked up more vegetables, thinking of a rice and chicken dish her mother had taught her so many years ago might be a good idea. The market might not have some of the spices though. She bit her lip in concentration, trying to consider alternatives that would be more available in this part of the world.

She was picking up apples from a fruit vendor, putting some of them into a sack when something to the side of her made her glance right. But when she didn't see anything, she shrugged and moved to gather pears and persimmons.

Again, there was a strange movement, but when she looked, nothing was there.

Was she being paranoid? She looked around, scanning the crowd and trying to see something that didn't fit.

Dana knew when her instincts were warning her about something and right now, her gut was telling her to....

She didn't have time to finish that thought since two men approached her from opposite sides. Thankfully, she had been training for just such an event and didn't hesitate. At the last moment, just as one of them reached out intending to swing at her, she ducked, then swung up with her arm in perfect form, catching one with her elbow just under the rib cage and the other man she smacked with her fist into his nose. Both men roared backwards, obviously unprepared for her to react like that. As she looked around, she realized that one had a bloody nose and the other was clenching his oversized gut. And both were furious with her.

She didn't wait around for introductions but swung her leg out, tripping one man and forcing him sideways. The other had enough time to realize what she was doing and jumped at the last second. So Dana spun around and kicked with all her might, throwing him off balance. And then, without compassion, she kicked upwards, aiming for and hitting a man's most sensitive area. The big man doubled over in pain which gave her enough time to focus on the other man who was now getting up from his tumble of moments before.

They glared at each other, both assessing the other's next move. Dana knew that it was never good to wait. With one hand, she reached out and grabbed the apples that were in the basket behind her. As missiles, they were ineffective. As distractions, they were perfect. The man was too busy dodging the apples to attack, which gave Dana the ability to get into position. With his bleeding nose still gushing, she aimed one more apple at his head which caused both his hands to go up, protecting his face. That gave her just enough time and she swung around for momentum, slamming her elbow into his kidney with as much strength as possible.

With both men doubled over in pain, she turned and was shocked to see a crowd of people standing there staring at her. No time to wait around and explain, she dug into her purse and put some money on the vendor's table, then dashed out of the market as fast as she could.

When she reached her car, she slammed it into gear and headed for the palace, trying to calm down enough to get through security. By the time she reached the gates, she was able to at least present a calm facade even though her heart was racing overtime.

As she parked her car in the normal spot, she looked over at her passenger seat and had to laugh. She'd at least gotten through the marketplace with her groceries!

Biting her lip, she looked at the employee entrance and tried to figure out what she could do. She was here, inside the palace gates so she was safe at least for the moment. The men obviously didn't know where she lived since they'd attacked her in the busy market instead of at her apartment so that was a plus. She'd just have to be extra careful about getting to and from work for a while until she could figure out what to do and where to go next. She'd have to give notice to Hassan, she thought and her heart cried out against that plan. She couldn't imagine going the rest of her life without seeing his stern expression or hear his chuckle when someone said something funny or ridiculous. Even if that comment was from her because he disagreed with her politics. She didn't mind his amusement since every once in a while she was able to change his mind.

He would never admit that she'd done so though. She took a deep, shaky breath and focused on her current problem, pushing Hassan and his humor out of the way so she could figure out her next move.

Even though she didn't want to, leaving really was her only option. She had to do it regardless of her feelings for the man himself. He already had enough danger in his life, he didn't need her problems added onto them. Besides, she was fully capable of hiding from those men and she couldn't hide in the palace forever. Pretty soon, they were going to find out where she lived. If it meant running for the rest of her life, at least she'd be alive to run. It wasn't much, but things could be worse. At least this way, she'd have a chance to see the world and experience more adventures. However much she loved the desert and the brutal beauty of it, the amazing life that scurried throughout the desolate sands, it was time to move on.

She looked at the time and realized it was the early evening. Maybe she could use the palace kitchen tonight to make her dinner. She wouldn't need a great deal of space, just a corner would work. The meal was pretty simple and cooking always calmed her down. She remembered several times when she and her mother would bake up a storm, the whole house smelled like cookies or garlic or whatever it was they decided to make that night. It might have been a bad test grade or a traffic ticket. It didn't mater the issue, cooking and baking always soothed the soul.

She stepped out of her car and locked it, actually shaking her head that she was concerned with someone stealing her car when her life was in danger. She was in one hundred degree heat, she'd probably short changed a fruit vendor after pinging a bad guy with his apples and she had two murderous thugs on her trail. But don't let anyone steal her precious car!

Walking through the employee entrance, she greeted all the guards by name, asking about their wives or children and laughing when they told her cute stories. As she walked by each check point, and heard about each new baby tooth or school grade, it gave her a sense that she was not only surrounded by security, but also by friends and that meant a great deal to her.

As she walked into the kitchen, she greeted one of the chefs nervously. "Excuse me, but would you mind terribly if I used a small bit of space?"

The assistant looked her up and down and smiled, "You're the assistant to His Highness, correct?" she asked deferentially, appearing nervous to even ask the question as she bowed slightly, as if Hassan's position seemed to transfer to his staff in some way.

Dana's heart lifted. Perhaps there were some advantages to her new position after all. Besides being close to Hassan, that is. "Yes. I just started a while ago. I don't know who has been doing it, but someone has been keeping me stocked with delicious foods recently. It's been wonderful to look up in the early afternoon and find a delicious meal all ready for me."

"We are all happy to help out whenever His Highness needs assistance," the kind woman said. "We would be happy to make you anything you'd like," she said and glanced at the bag of vegetables in Dana's arms.

Dana shook her head, hugging her precious parcels closer as if they were the crown jewels. "Thank you so much for offering, but if it's okay, I'd like to just find a corner and lose myself in the process. I don't want to disturb anyone though. If you're busy trying to get things ready for a big event," she said, trying to think of who might be coming to the palace for dinner tonight, "I'll stay out of your way."

"There's plenty of room," the other woman said and led her to one of the tables in the corner, out of the way of the other palace food preparations. "There are utensils and knives over there," she said, pointing to a large wall filled with various knives, "and the pots and pans are behind you. Any ingredients you might need can be found in the store rooms over to the left."

Dana sighed with happiness as she pulled all of her vegetables out of her bag and sorted them in the order for chopping. She selected a frying pan, a knife and cutting board and went to work, humming the latest hit to herself as she worked. She felt good, she thought. Powerful even. The men had found her and she'd escaped with both men down. She almost laughed at the expression on the one man's face right after she'd ducked and the two clowns had just about run into each other.

Okay, so they weren't clowns. And the guns she'd seen under their jackets had been real and very deadly. If she'd been in a more isolated place, she had no doubt that she'd be dead by now. The men who had attacked her didn't appear to be the kind who would hesitate to kill a person if given the opportunity. She had the impression that they would do whatever they needed to in order to get what they needed, which was why she was in this position in the first place.

---

Hassan looked up as two of his security forces walked into his office. He'd been expecting them as soon as he'd gotten the phone call a half hour ago telling him that Dana had been attacked in the market. "Explain," Hassan said to Fudar, his jaw clenched and his anger simmering ever since that call. His Dana was in danger and he was furious that he hadn't been there to protect her. Nor had these men been in a position to help her either, a further irritant that he meant to resolve as soon as he had enough information to form a plan.

The two men bowed but then straightened and looked their king in the eyes. "She was magnificent, Your Highness. Two men were coming at her from opposite sides and she knew exactly what to do. She's trained, although not very experienced." Fudar stood up straighter. As the more senior of the two guards, it was his duty to relay the situation and he went into details about the attack and how they'd apprehended the men who had dared to attack the woman under their care. They finished the recitation by explaining, "She had them on the ground in less than two minutes, Sire."

"She was hesitant to hurt them, sir," the second man said. "She's a very gentle warrior."

"Fudar," Hassan said, standing up and rubbing the bridge of his nose, "Explain to me how she was even allowed to be in danger."

"You asked that we follow her but not let her know we were there, sir. We were following her throughout the market and were busy detaining the other two men who had been following her initially. We didn't know that there were four of them until the other two attacked her by the fruit vendors. The two we currently have in custody aren't talking yet. But they will."

"Fine." He looked around, trying to calm down and hating the worry that was on him right now. He wanted to announce to the world that this woman was his, but he had no claim on her other than as an employee. Regardless of how much his body wanted to possess her, she was off limits.

And then it hit him. She'd overcome two armed men? His sweet, gentle Dana, the woman who had been crying about seeing a spider under her desk had won a fight with two men? He had to smile at the idea, not really able to imagine it happening.

"Tell me about her moves," he commanded and glared at the two men while he listened. As they went through their descriptions, the simmering anger he had been feeling transformed slightly into pride. The anger was still there, but it was tempered by the fact that she had come out of it unharmed.

"And you say there's not a bruise on her?"

"No, Your Highness. She was very good and kept them from even touching her in any way," Fudar confirmed.

"You escorted her home? And there's a guard outside her apartment?"

Fudar was already shaking his head. "She came right back to the palace, Your Highness. She didn't veer towards her apartment in any way. It was as if she knew that the palace was safer than her apartment. She did well, thinking through the options, Your Highness."

His chest swelled with pride. Not only was his little woman a good fighter, she was also cool under pressure and thought through a tactical retreat. "She's here? Where is she?"

"She is in the kitchen sir. Two guards are stationed outside each doorway and one is in the kitchen itself watching her. We are still under orders to be inconspicuous, Sire."

"Good. Don't let her know we saw what happened in the marketplace. I don't know why, but she doesn't want me to be aware that she's in trouble. Any luck on tracking the call she received the other day on her cell phone?"

"It came from New York City but the phone was a throw away, paid with cash at a small store. Untraceable."

"No other leads?"

"We are looking into her background, trying to find a reason someone would want to hurt her. As yet, we don't have any clues but we'll continue to look."

"Good. Keep at it and let me know what you find out." He rubbed his hand over his face and sighed. "In the meantime, I'm going to try and find out who this spider is that is trying to get to her. If I find out anything, I'll convey the information to you as well."

The two men bowed themselves out of Hassan's office and he took a moment to consider his approach. He needed to be careful and see what she might know. He had to be gentle and understand how her mind worked so he could get around her defenses, but he would definitely get around them. He didn't understand why, but this woman with her gregarious nature, her superior intelligence and her soft, innocent eyes that echoed in his heart had become important to him. He might not like that fact, but it was his reality and he had learned to listen to these feelings. She was very important to him and he meant to protect her, even if it meant protecting her from herself.

Ten minutes later, he was striding into the kitchen. He heard several pans drop and startled gasps but he ignored them, intent on finding his prey.

He found her in the corner and, as he approached, he enjoyed the gentle swaying of her hips that instantly made his body react. He would have groaned if it wasn't such an enjoyable sight.

"What are you making?" he asked as he watched the knife move expertly through some sort of green vegetable.

Dana gasped and dropped her knife, looking around and finding the man who had been on her mind for the past thirty minutes. "What are you doing in the kitchen?" she asked, horrified that he'd caught her after the tough days he'd had recently. He definitely didn't need her problems, no matter how broad those magnificent shoulders were.

Her hand automatically went up to her hair, wondering if the fight with those men had disturbed her appearance. She probably looked like a mess. She certainly felt like it, she thought with resignation.

He watched her carefully, looking for signs that she'd been hurt but when she appeared to be okay, no bruises or scrapes and her eyes looked more worried about him than anything else, he relaxed slightly. "I heard you had a bit of a scuffle today."

She blinked in surprise. "How did you hear about that?"

He shrugged and came closer, stealing a piece of cucumber. "It's my kingdom. You'd be surprised at what I find out."

She laughed and shook her head, her body still in fight mode but she tried to pretend otherwise. "No I wouldn't. I type up your security briefings so I know exactly what's going on. And I don't know how your mind doesn't explode with the pressure." She tried to distract him from his question. It was a lame effort since the man never forgot anything and was only distracted if he wanted to be, and in those cases, he only allowed the person to think he was distracted until he came around to the problem again, from a different angle and with a different tactic.

He chuckled at both her worried expression and the relief he was feeling now that he could see that she genuinely wasn't hurt. "What are you cooking?"

She nervously looked behind her at the table. "I was making stir fry," she explained. "I'm sorry to be invading your chef's space like this. I just thought that your kitchen might be more equipped than my own." She bit her lower lip, hoping to stop the trembling she knew was coming as he looked down at her. She'd never been a good liar and this was no exception, especially with those dark, sexy eyes looking down at her as if he knew what color underwear she was wearing.

Hassan nodded and watched her pretty white teeth bite down on her lip. A lip he'd like to be biting, he thought. And tasting. And doing a whole lot more with. Regardless, it was a big indicator that she was lying to him. Her eyes were telling him the same message. "Mind if I help?" he asked and walked over to the wall of knives and picked one for himself.

She was astonished that he actually wanted to assist her in food preparation. "Um...okay," she thought quickly, trying to figure out how to get him away. It wasn't that she didn't want him to help her, but Hassan being this close, and this strong and sturdy and confident and....well, just magnificent, she was afraid she might break down and tell him everything and ask him for help. Which would be foolish and selfish.

He waved his hand towards one of the other helpers in the kitchen and immediately a young man raced over, wiping his hands on his apron even as he bowed to Hassan. "How can I be of assistance, Your Highness?"

"Tell the chef to bring a bottle of wine that would be appropriate for stir fry and two glasses," he said and the man nodded quickly and raced away, eager to do the sheik's bidding.

"Do you even know how to cook?" she asked as she pulled out another cutting board for him.

"I know how to use a knife," he replied and spun the blade around in his hand, setting it twirling around and around until it stopped impressively with the handle securely in the palm of his hand. "How hard can it be?" he asked and stole another piece of cucumber. "It looks like all you do is chop until you're bored out of your mind, then ask someone else to do the rest." She tried smacking his hand away but he was too fast and he only winked at her as she rolled her eyes.

"How did you learn to use a knife?" she asked, handing him some peppers.

"Combat training," he said as if everyone in the world knew that and also took lessons. "All sheiks learn to throw a knife with deadly accuracy in preschool. While other kids are learning their alphabet, we're learning to defend our country."

He was just about to cut the pepper when she snatched it away, glaring back at him. "What do you mean, combat training?"

He shrugged and twirled the knife around again, then stabbed it, point down, into the wooden cutting board. "Sometimes we use knives, other times sticks or whatever weapon is handy. Sometimes all of them."

Despite herself, Dana was fascinated. She handed the pepper back to him. "Can you dice this up into small squares?"

"Of course." He took it back and glared at the vegetable as if it were an alien. But he refused to back down from his confident declaration and she was amused despite the afternoon she'd just endured.

She watched him for a moment but had to laugh as he immediately started chopping it up, seeds, core and all. "Wait," she said and came around to his side of the table to show him how it was done. "Here, you have to take the insides out. They aren't edible." She stepped to his side and took the now dissected pepper and showed him how to cut out the top and seeds and all the white parts inside.

"Why are they in there then?" he asked impatiently.

"That's the secret to cooking I guess." She shrugged and tried to scoot away since his nearness was making her nervous. A completely different nervousness from earlier today.

"Where are you going?" he asked softly and both his arms came around her as he took the pepper in one hand and the knife in the other. "Show me," he said, his head bent low so that his deep voice was directly in her ear.

She shivered and looked up at him, noticed the waiting, expectant look and took a deep breath. Wrong idea, she thought as her head filled with his delicious, sexy scent and she had to concentrate hard to figure out what she was supposed to be doing. Pepper! Right, dicing the pepper, she reminded herself.

"Here, you have to do it like this," she explained and sliced neat lines from the top to the bottom of the pepper, "then turn the slices and cut them up into squares," showing him how to dice the vegetable.

"Like this?" he asked softly and took the knife and pepper out of her hands, his fingers sliding along her skin and causing another shiver to ripple along her arms and spine. He took it and almost expertly started dicing it up.

She stepped away quickly and nodded. "Yes, that's exactly it," she said, wishing she didn't sound so breathless.

She moved back around to her side of the table and started cutting up the onions, moving quickly so she didn't start tearing up. It would be just wonderful if, on top of her crazy hair and whatever else she looked like, she cried and smeared her makeup so she had black streaks coming down her face.

"Where did you learn to cook like this?" he asked and took another vegetable, chopping that up the same way.

Dana watched him, suspicious now that he was doing this so expertly. "My mother and I grew up cooking together. We loved experimenting with different types of foods and meals." She watched him for several moments, then put her hands on her hips, glaring at him. "You've done this before, haven't you? That whole 'show me' thing is just a plot to..." she wasn't sure how to phrase it since it was probably just a mild flirtation on his part but in her mind, it had been so much more sensuous.

"Where is your mother?" he asked, and by the stunned look on her face, he already knew the answer. He wished he'd never asked the question because all the laughter was gone, replaced by a sadness that made him want to take her into his arms and kiss away whatever pain she was dealing with.

"My parents both died in a car accident while I was in college." She said it quietly and picked up her knife, chopping up the celery into careful, even slices. She put all of her effort into not crying in front of Hassan.

"I'm sorry," he said softly.

She shrugged and shook her head. "It was a drunk driver, a stupid kid who thought he could have a few beers and make it home. He's fine, by the way. Off in college and having a good time. Probably still drinking and then getting into a car."

"That's horrible. It was murder, no matter how one looks at it and I'm truly sorry that this happened to you, Dana."

She took some broccoli and started chopping it up, his sympathy truly did help. In others, it had been a burden, but hearing those words from Hassan made her feel better. Less alone, somehow. "It was a long time ago." She missed her college friends, Sasha and Jenna who had been there for her every step of the way while she arranged the funeral and worked through all the details. It had been horrible but having them there, like sisters always willing to offer a shoulder to cry on, had been her saving grace.

She really needed both of them now, but she wouldn't dare contact them for help.

He raised his eyebrow at that, knowing she was only twenty five so "in college" meant only a few years ago. "They would be proud of the woman you've turned out to be," he said and grabbed a red pepper, chopping that up the same way as the green one.

"Thank you."

She felt awkward after that and struggled for something to say. Instead, she focused on cooking which always soothed her. "Okay, so let's put everything into the pan and grill it up."

She tossed all the vegetables into the center of the pan and took it over to one of the burners. She'd already set the rice to boiling before she started the vegetables so that was almost done. With a bit of spices, a little oil and soy sauce, along with a secret ingredient she and her mother had worked on together, she tossed the vegetables around in the center of the pan, quick frying them all together until they were the perfect crunchiness.

Throughout all this, she had to keep pushing Hassan's hand out of the way since he continuously tried to swipe the chopped vegetables or just get in her way. She thought about putting her hands on his waist or shoulders and moving him out of the way, but that was much too forward. She didn't have the courage to touch him in that way. Which wasn't to say that she didn't want to. That was a no brainer!

When the meal was finally cooked, she placed it on a plate with a heaping serving for him. "Are you sure you want this for dinner? I'm sure whatever the chef is cooking for you would probably be better."

"Come along," he said and took the bottle of wine and glasses in one hand and his plate in the other. He led the way out of the kitchen, down one of the ornately decorated hallways and into a small sitting room she'd never seen before.

"What is this?" she asked and hesitated to sit in one of the luxurious looking chairs.

"This is my private sitting room. Relax," he said and gestured for her to take a seat in one of the large, overstuffed chairs. "Let's eat," He sat down across from her and poured both of them a glass of white wine.

The meal was just as delicious as she remembered it but she was worried when he took his first bite, wondering how anything she could cook could possibly compete with something one of his Cordon Bleu trained chefs would prepare. But the surprised look on his face told her that he genuinely liked the meal and she relaxed into the velvet chair, taking a bite herself.

"This is incredibly good," he said and took another bite.

"Thank you."

He asked her about her parents and she told him funny stories about Christmases and Halloweens from her past. She then got him to open up about his parents and she felt sad that he seemed to have such a lonely childhood, filled with tutors and trainers, but not very many hugs and kisses while he grew up. He had funny stories to tell of some of the servants and before she knew it, she'd finished off most of her plate and he was completely done. He kept pouring her wine and she relaxed even more as she sank into the chair, slipping her shoes off and tucking her feet underneath her.

They talked until well into the night and Dana had never realized what a funny man Hassan could be. It was like he was a different person when he was outside of the office and as she looked across at him, after her third glass of wine, she thought she must really be falling hard for this guy.

With that thought came a horrifying realization. There was no way she could fall for Hassan. She was on the run and had to find a new place to hide out. Hassan was off limits.

Good grief, even if she wasn't trying to hide away from people attempting to kill her, she still shouldn't fall for a man like Hassan. He was a sheik! He ruled a country while she was a lowly secretary with no family and no ties to anyone who could help him.

She sat up straight and looked at her watch. "Goodness, it's after ten o'clock. I really need to be going home. I work for a horrible man who won't allow any slackers in his midst."

He laughed at the joke but shook his head. "You can't drive home tonight," he said and took her glass of wine, setting it on the table beside her. He took her hand and pulled her out of the chair. "You'll stay here tonight," he said softly and put an arm around her shoulder. "I know your employer wouldn't like you driving home after all the wine you've consumed."

"I'll catch a cab," she argued. Even sleeping here in the palace was too close to Hassan. The idea just seemed too intimate. Besides, what would the others in the palace say tomorrow when they heard Hassan had been cooking with her in the kitchens, then they disappeared into his private domain only for her to have to spend the night in the palace? Not to mention she didn't have any other clothes here to change into for tomorrow's work day.

But he was already shaking his head, denying the possibility. "A cab wouldn't be allowed into the compound. You'll stay here."

She thought frantically, really not wanting to stay here tonight. Her own bed would be much better. Much more appropriate. "Couldn't one of your security guys drive me home?"

"They're all asleep by now," he lied. "You'll sleep in one of the guest suites and I won't hear any more arguments."

"But how will I get a change of clothes for tomorrow?"

"I'll have one of the guards head over to your house and pack you a bag," he explained, completely refuting his claim that the guards were all asleep by this point in the evening.

Dana tried to concentrate, but his arm was around her waist and she was being led to the next room where a large, beautiful bed was waiting for her. "I don't have anything to sleep in," she said lamely.

Hassan instantly pictured her sleeping in the nude and his body was not impressed with the torture it was going through. "You'll find everything you need in the bathroom. Just relax and get a good night's sleep."

He closed the door and Dana sighed as she sank down onto the soft bed. She was asleep before she could tell him she had a second thought.

Chapter 3

The following day, things were their usual crazy pace. She scurried to keep up with Hassan's work schedule, completing all the issues as quickly and efficiently as possible while still following behind him so she could sit in on his meetings and take notes. She didn't want him to think she was taking advantage of last night's dinner conversation by slacking off now so she worked extra hard to make sure things were right and he was prepared for whatever meeting was coming up next before he even asked for the information.

By the end of the day, she was exhausted, but also terrified of going back to her apartment. Surely those guys had discovered where she lived by now. If they'd found her at the market, it was just a hop, skip and a jump to her apartment complex.

She was determined to head back there though, not wanting to be intimidated by men even though they were trying to kill her. She realized it was a silly thought since, if there was anyone she should be afraid if it was a group of guys with guns pointed at her. It was essential that she head home though so she could figure out her next step. She had to get onto her personal computer and figure out where she might go next. She also needed to draft up her letter of resignation, although what she could possibly say in that she had no idea. "Thank you for the most exciting few weeks of my life but I have to move on because goons are trying to kill me." That just didn't sound like the right note for her departure.

She also doubted Hassan would allow her to leave if he ever found out she was being chased by bad guys. She might be just an employee, but he was very protective, she'd discovered recently. She thought about how concerned he was after she'd gotten that phone call and smiled, pleased that he was willing to give her a shoulder to cry on, even if it was only because of a ridiculous spider story.

She shut down her computer and packed up, grabbing her purse and digging through the pockets to find her keys.

"Where do you think you're going?" Hassan demanded, hands on his hips as he glared at her through her doorway.

She looked confused and glanced down at her bag, wondering if she was taking something she shouldn't. "I was going home for the night."

He immediately shook his head and stepped closer, his face looking furious that she would dare something so insane. "No. You're staying here."

She was so surprised by his command that she stepped back. "Excuse me?"

He stepped into her office, refusing to back down. "You heard me. You're staying here. After the battle in the marketplace yesterday, you're not leaving until my men can track down what's going on." He leaned his hands on the desk and looked down at her. "You could save us all a lot of time if you'd just tell me what's going on."

She pushed her chair back slightly, needing the space. "Nothing is going on. How did you know about the guys yesterday?" She looked up at him warily, wondering what he knew and how he had found out. The marketplace was on the other side of town and she had typed up his security notes. The brawl in the marketplace hadn't even rated a footnote.

His eyes accidentally glanced down at her breasts which were pushing against the fabric of her suit. He didn't mean to, but in her nervousness, her breathing had intensified and her breasts were heaving, an issue he didn't mind, but he wished it were for a different reason.

He softened his tone, but wouldn't budge on her leaving the palace. That was an absolute not-going-to-happen idea. "I told you yesterday, I know a lot more than you think." She wasn't leaving here unless he could be assured of her safety, and her return on the following day. And if there was some way he could keep her here inside the palace walls, even with the assurance of her safety and return, he was going for that scenario, liking it a whole lot better. He hadn't slept well last night, knowing that her soft body was curled up in the bedroom next door. Hell, he'd wanted her soft body curled up next to him. And he wanted to disrupt her sleep. Over and over again as he made love to her while she was curled up next to him.

"What do you know?"

"I know that four guys tried to attack you and you beat them down."

"Four guys? But there were only two of them yesterday."

"So you admit you were attacked? And that was why you were so upset that you were in my kitchen cooking?"

"I told you, I was in your kitchen because it was better equipped than mine."

He sighed and glared down at her. "You were in my kitchen because it was inside the palace walls and you knew you were safer here than anywhere else. Which was brilliant of you, by the way. If I'd found out you'd done anything else, I might just paddle you." She started to say something but he stopped her with a hand in front her. "And you were in the kitchen cooking because that activity makes you feel better. It makes you feel in control and it soothes you so don't even try and tell me that yesterday's attacks didn't frighten you because I know you better now and I won't permit you to deny it."

She shook her head, her hands fisted at her sides as her mind worked frantically to come up with a reason he might accept for yesterday's attacks. Something that wouldn't make him angrier, or keep her inside the palace walls for her protection. "They were just trying to get my wallet."

He was livid that she was trying to lie to him, but tempered that emotion by trying to figure out why she was lying. Dana was too kind and generous to be malicious in anything she did. "What were the other two men doing?"

She looked back up at him. "What other two men?"

"I told you there were four of them. Only two thugs reached you and tried to attack you by the fruit stands. The other two brutes that my security detail caught just as they were about to enter the fight were out of your line of sight, but no less dangerous if they hadn't been stopped in time. Do you honestly think you could have fought off four armed men yesterday?"

The idea sent shivers down her back but she resisted the fear that started to invade her mind. "I sure could have tried."

Her comment infuriated him because it was so ridiculous. She could have been hurt, captured, kidnapped or raped and she was still thinking she could take on a gang of men trying to take her down? "Think so, huh? Okay, come with me," he said and grabbed her hand, pulling her out of her office and down a long hallway.

She released her purse, quickly letting it fall back into her desk drawer. "Where are we going?" she asked, almost out of breath since his legs were much longer than hers and she could tell he was extremely angry. In fact, she didn't think she had ever seen him this furious before. Hassan had always been the epitome of control and self-discipline.

"We're going to my gym." He pushed through a large door and dragged her into the middle of the padded floor. "Okay. Show me what you've got."

"Excuse me?" She stood there, her heels sinking into the blue padding and the bright lights shining down onto his furious facade.

He shook his head. "Don't be polite. I'm about to attack you. Show me what you did to those men yesterday."

She backed up a step and clasped her hands in front of her. "Hassan, I'm not going to attack you."

"You're not leaving the palace tonight then. Or any night until you can prove to me that you can fight off four men. I'm only one man. If you can pin me down, we'll talk." He was so furious that she was going to put herself in danger that he had to do something, to show her that she wasn't as invincible as she thought she was.

"I'm not going to fight you," she whispered. Just the idea of putting her hands on him made her stomach flutter wildly.

"Then prepare to spend a lot of nights here," he said, circling around her.

She'd had enough. She flipped off her shoes and picked them up, heading towards the door of the gym. "I'm going home."

He quickly stepped in front of her and she stopped immediately. "Only if you can get around me."

She shivered and backed up again. "Hassan, this is silly."

He leaned down and shook his head, trying to emphasize to her what kind of danger she might be facing. He knew since he'd been in those situations before. And the thought of her beautiful skin being marred even slightly by someone out to hurt her made him just a bit crazy with worry and anger. "No, what's silly is you trying to take on two burly men intent on killing you. And ridiculous is you not telling me about it as soon as you'd returned to the palace last night. I even asked you about it while we were in the kitchen and you still wouldn't confide in me, which makes this whole thing worse and leads me to think that even you know how dangerous this situation is. What's further insane is you not asking me for help so I can fix this for you."

She shook her head. "Please, just let me go," she whispered, unable to look him in the eye. She loved the fact that he was offering her help, that he cared enough to stop her from leaving. It was so sweet that he was being strong for her, but she couldn't burden him with her problems. No matter how much she wanted to. He was so strong, so powerful and so incredibly handsome. All she wanted to do was lean her head against his muscular chest and cry out her fear and frustration. But she had to be strong and rely only on herself.

"Not a chance," he said and came closer, his tone not softening even as he saw how upset she was becoming. He had to make her realize that she wasn't safe outside the palace walls. "What's wrong, Dana? Think you're bullet proof?"

"Of course not." Now he was just making her angry. The concern she could handle. The taunting, that just irritated her.

He pushed her shoulder slightly and she fell back. "Are you afraid of me?"

She got angry with that push and glared back at him. "Hassan, stop this. There's nothing you can do."

"I can stop you from leaving the palace."

That pushed her anger into fury. No one was going to control her. No matter how handsome and sexy he was! "No you can't."

He leaned forward. "Want to bet? The only way you're getting out of here is if you can beat me. And I definitely am not going to let you win."

She stood up straighter, fighting down the insecurities that were pressing against her. "Please," she gasped. "You're making me nervous."

"Good. So you're going to admit that you can't fight me and stay here?"

She stepped back again. "I won't fight you."

He pushed her again. "Would it help if I made you angry? Because I'm pretty angry myself right about now."

"Stop pushing me," she said and backed up another step.

"No," he replied with outward calm and pushed her shoulder again.

Dana stumbled and tried to push down the rising anger. "Leave me alone, Hassan!" she said and tried to walk around him.

"Make me," he countered and easily stepped in front of her.

She glared back. "This is ridiculous!" She tried to push past him but he stepped in front of her again.

He grabbed her arm and twisted her around. "What's ridiculous is you thinking you can solve this problem on your own."

"I'm not trying to solve it! I'm just...."

"You're just trying to put yourself in danger and I'm not going to allow that."

He pinned her back up against the wall and glared down at her. "Come on, Dana. Give it your best shot."

She glared right back up at him, wanting desperately to show him what she could do. It was now a matter of pride. "I don't want to hurt you, Hassan," she said, giving him one last warning.

Hassan was so surprised that she honestly thought she could hurt him that he threw back his head and laughed. She was such an innocent and had no idea of what really happened in this world. She thought she understood only because she hadn't had enough experience of how cruel the world could be.

A moment later, he was lying on is back, staring up at her worried face with her fingers tangled in his.

"Are you okay? I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to hurt you," she hurriedly said and tried to feel his head to make sure he was okay.

With a quick flick of his wrist, he'd flipped her over so she was lying on top of him but they didn't stay that way. She nudged him in the elbow and he let her scramble away. But he jumped up, coming at her with a determined look on his face.

"Hassan, I think I've proven that I can take care of myself. So just back away," she claimed and he caught her glance towards the doorway.

"I wouldn't advise that plan," he said and instantly caught her attack, his arm catching her around her waist as she tried to zip past him.

Dana's breath was knocked out of her, not because of anything he'd done but by the fact that he was much faster than she'd anticipated. "Okay, you asked for it," she said and twisted around, trying to knock him back down.

Unfortunately, her plan backfired and she was twisted around so that her back was pressed against his chest and her arms were twisted around her stomach. She was trapped.

"Are you giving up?" he asked, his voice dangerously close to her ear.

"No!" she gasped and kicked her legs out. He'd anticipated that and with one quick move, he lifted her a few inches higher so that her feet kicked out to thin air.

"Give it up, Dana. The suite you slept in last night is at your disposal."

"You're not making me stay here. It isn't...." she was about to say safe, but that would mean admitting that she was in danger and he'd never let her out of the palace. "You're hurting me," she said with a gasp and a softer tone.

As predicted, he instantly released her and she took advantage of his soft spot by grabbing his arm and twisting it around. She could have elbowed him or even kneed him at that point, but she honestly didn't want to hurt him so she went for a weak third option she'd only tried twice with her instructor.

And failed miserably.

With a quick flip, she was laying on her back, her legs held captive by his and her arms up over her head where they couldn't do any more damage. In fact, she could barely breathe with his body pressing her against the mat.

"Give up," he said, his voice husky as he looked down at her. "Even that last move wasn't performed well, Dana. And you knew of several other ways to hurt me but you're too sweet and gentle to have done that. Admit that you're in danger and let me help you."

Dana wasn't sure what to say. She could feel all of him, his whole body pressed against hers and her mind screamed out for more. She looked into his eyes and saw the desire flare in his eyes. She couldn't hide her own response and he saw her give in at exactly the same moment that his body realized that he was being cushioned by her soft warmth.

Her breathing increased, but not from exertion. It was all because of the heat racing through her, the hot, almost painful desire that made her body arch slightly, causing his hardening body to press exactly in the right spot. Her legs, which were already slightly apart because of his pinning, now pressed against his thighs, holding instead of resisting.

Hassan saw all the signs and felt her body's response and he couldn't deny his own body's need to have this woman. Just one kiss, he told himself. And if she resisted at all, he'd back off and apologize.

He tentatively touched her lips, feeling her softness, the tenderness of her full lips. And when they moved underneath his, he denied himself no longer. The kiss that had started out tentative, exploring, changed to something much more demanding. He couldn't hold back, had been doing that for several weeks now and his body was demanding total submission of this woman underneath him.

With a groan, he shifted slightly, changing his position subtly from imprisoning, to capturing, shifting just so and he loved her gasp of pleasure and the way her body arched up into his, pressing her softness more firmly against him.

He deepened the kiss and moved against her mouth, demanding that she open to him, his tongue tasting, coaxing until her lips opened and he could fully taste her. When her tongue tentatively touched his own he went wild with desire and victory that she was feeling the same things he had been enduring.

Dana was no longer thinking. She was only feeling, amazed at how perfectly his body fit against hers. She wanted this man like she'd never wanted any other man before. She'd never felt like this and was going on instinct, moving against him, feeling him respond and reveling in the power she had to make this powerful man move. She shifted again and he pulled her hands down, dropping her wrists so he could pull his hands on her waist, pressing her body against him. His hands moved up and down her back, rolling her to her side so he could pull her leg up against his hip, pressing his erection against her heat more closely.

Her fingers against his skin were like a feather caress, tentative, exploring and exciting in their softness. He didn't hesitate to pull her blouse out of her slacks, his one hand moving and feeling her perfectly soft skin, amazed at how she reacted with each new piece of skin he discovered.

When his hand moved higher, she not only didn't resist, she turned slightly in unspoken invitation. He didn't reject that invitation, pressing his hand higher, feeling her firm breast encased in lace and he groaned out loud with how perfect she was. Her breast fit perfectly in his hand, not too small and just slightly too large.

When his thumb found her nipple and flicked against the hard nubbin, she cried out and grabbed his wrist, holding very still for a long moment, her eyes closed and her teeth clenched.

Hassan watched in fascination as she worked through that sensation. He almost lost control though when she relaxed slightly, and then pressed his hand against her breast again, telling him without words to do it again.

She released his wrist and waited. When his thumb flicked her nipple again, her fingers were in his hair, pulling against him while her hips arched against his erection. His hand moved down her body, cupping her bottom and pressing her more closely against him and he rubbed her, mimicking the movements of making love and he swore when he realized they were both fully clothed.

With a smooth movement, he stood up with her in his arms.

Dana wasn't sure where he was taking her. All she cared about was the fact that she was still in his arms and she could see the desire in his eyes.

When he pushed his way through a large door, she didn't care where they were. He didn't stop until they were in a bedroom, not her own, but one that she didn't recognize and didn't care at all about the owners. He was letting her legs fall down and she didn't like that at all, until he pulled her into his arms again, his hands sliding under her shirt once again and finding both breasts, his thumbs flicking against her nipples and she grabbed hold of his shoulders while her head fell backwards in reaction.

"Don't stop," she begged and pressed her breast against his hand, wanting more.

"Don't worry," he replied raggedly and swiftly unbuttoned her shirt, tossing it behind him. When her breasts were finally revealed, he stared for all of five seconds, amazed at her perfection. "You're beautiful," he said and bent his head to take the first one in his mouth.

If Dana thought that his fingers could work magic, she was shocked by the heat of his mouth against her breast. He pulled the lace of her bra out of the way and his mouth covered her hard nipple, his tongue flicking, his teeth nibbling and then sucking against her, making her scream with the need for more.

Her hands were desperate themselves, pulling at his shirt and almost ripping the fabric in a desperate desire to find his skin, feel him like he was doing to her.

"Not yet," he said and pulled her hands away. He tossed his shirt off himself then unbuttoned the snap on her slacks. When they fell to the floor around her feet, he simply lifted her up and placed her in the center of the bed, leaving her black heels on while he tossed his own slacks off.

Moments later, he joined her on the bed and Dana was disappointed that she didn't have a chance to look at him, to see what she'd been feeling all this time. But then his hands and mouth were back, traveling down her body and she didn't care anymore. He was here, he was touching her. That was what was important.

His mouth traveled down her body, stopping each time he found a spot that made her shiver and giving it extra attention. When he reached her thighs, she held them closed and grasped his shoulders but he shook his head. "Not yet," he said and kissed the top of her right thigh. "Open up for me, Dana," he rasped and kissed her left thigh.

"Come back up," she said and shivered when he kissed a spot right near her hip bone.

"You're trying to win again and it won't work any better than it did earlier. Just let me have my way," he said and his hand moved to her knees, caressing her skin and making her shiver.

He bit her on her thigh, not hard enough to hurt, but enough to surprise her and when she jumped, her legs moved. It was all the space he needed and he shifted his large body so he was exactly where he wanted to be. "See? I always have my way," he replied with a smile a moment before his mouth kissed the inside of her thigh, giving her fair warning of what he was going to do.

When he smelled her scent, he almost couldn't slow down. But he could feel her nervousness and tried to be patient, to ease her into something she was obviously uncomfortable with. But he wasn't going to relent. He was so turned on by her scent and he wasn't going to give in until he could taste her and watch as she achieved an orgasm with him. His mouth kept moving closer to his goal and he ignored her fingers that were clutching at his hair, trying to move him away.

He wasn't going to allow it though and when he finally achieved his goal, Dana cried out and stopped fighting him, terrified of what she was feeling. What he was doing to her was so intense, so intimate that she gasped with the shock of it all. A moment later, her body was shifting about, trying to get more and a desperate, tearing need to find something was making her writhe under his fingers. When he simply grabbed her hips and did what he wanted, she couldn't hold out any longer, her body exploding and shaking, arching up against his mouth as her eyes closed and her body came to life as she never knew it could.

Long minutes later, she opened her eyes and looked up, right into the smiling, satisfied features of Hassan as he watched her orgasm subside. "Wow," she said in a reverent whisper.

He laughed softly and nodded. "Wow, indeed."

She felt awkward and uncomfortable, wondering what she should do or say. Instead of worrying about it though, she simply spoke out, uttering the question that was utmost on her mind. "Did you....?"

She couldn't finish the sentence because he was roaring with laughter. He buried his face in her neck and shook his head. "Ah, Dana, my sweet. I'm afraid that the only reason you need to ask that question is because I'm about to create a bit of pain for you. If I could stop it from happening, I would, but I can't hold back any longer," he said and gently his hand moved down her leg, lifting her knee.

Dana's chest ached with tenderness for this man who was being so generous and gentle. "I'll be okay," she said with determination and gripped his shoulders once again.

He chuckled again and bent to nibble on her ear. "You'll be more than okay," he replied and moved down to her shoulder, sending more shivers along her body.

His hands smoothed down her waist, then up again to cup her breasts. "Do you have any idea of how beautiful you are right at this moment?" he asked and his thumb flicked against her nipple.

Dana couldn't reply as her body, which had been sated only moments ago, came roaring back to life with his touch. The man knew exactly how to touch her, where to move and how to get her body back in the swing of the moment. "Hassan?" she asked and opened her eyes, biting her lower lip to try and control her trembling. "I don't' think I can..."

"You can," he countered and lifted her hips. As his body slowly entered hers, he watched her eyes, moving in slightly, then out. Back in again just a bit deeper, measuring how deep to go with each thrust by her face and the way her body moved against his. Sweat broke out on his forehead as he grasped at his control, something he'd never had a problem doing before this slender woman underneath him. He wanted this to be perfect for her, but she was so hot, so tight and so wet, he could barely stop himself from slamming into her warmth, burying himself to the hilt and finding his release.

When he heard her gasp of surprise, he knew he'd finally gotten her almost back to where she'd been before. Just a little bit more, he thought. And then he felt the resistance and his suspicions proved accurate.

He gathered her close and put his forehead against hers. "I'm sorry," he said a moment before he pushed through the barrier of her virginity, catching her gasp of pain in his mouth and kissing her, moving against her to soothe the pain as best he could.

When he felt her legs move higher, taking him deeper, he knew he'd won this battle. This slender, incredibly passionate woman was now his and he intended to show her exactly what that gift meant to him.

With incredible slowness, he moved against her, increasing the pressure as she moved, using her cries of delight to gauge when to go faster or move in a different way. She was so free with her passion that he almost lost control several times but it was all worth it when he felt her body arch against his, felt her muscles clench around his erection as she tumbled over the edge. Only then did he allow himself the freedom his body was demanding, pounding against her, holding her hips where he needed them until he found his own incredible release.

A long time later, he felt her fingers in his hair, smoothing down his back and shoulders and he shuddered with the intense pleasure he got from her touch.

"You're alive?" she asked and he moved to her side, taking her with him and enjoying her teasing.

"I could say the same for you," he countered and pulled her leg so that she was still against him, feeling her softness and enjoying her touch.

She lifted her head and looked around. "Where are we?" she asked.

He laughed slightly. "In my bed."

She took it all in, the dark colors and the luxurious appointments. "I should have guessed."

"Don't even try to convince me that you're used to trying to figure out where you are after the fact. First of all, I know better and have proof that it would be a lie. Secondly, the blush that's covering your very lovely cheeks is giving me a whole different story."

She pressed her face against his chest and sighed. "No. I can't even go down that road. I've never found myself in any other sheik's bed before, I can guarantee that."

He swatted her bottom and she shrieked, a moment before she laughed and tried to move out of his range. "Okay, so I haven't found myself in anyone's bed before. Sue me."

"How in the world could someone as gorgeous as you are be a virgin at the age of twenty-five?"

She shrugged and kissed the middle of his chest, loving the taste of his skin, just a little bit salty, musky and oh, so male. "I mentioned yesterday that my parents died when I was in college. By the time I'd recovered from the grief of losing both of them, I was almost graduating. And I had to focus on studying instead of the male species in order catch up and graduate with my class."

He suspected there was more to the story, but sensed it was a painful subject. One he would eventually get to, but her hands on his chest, fluttering about, were driving him a bit crazy.

"I think there's a bit of catching up to do right here," he said and nibbled on her shoulder.

"You do?" she asked and let her fingers move across his back, loving the muscles that shifted under her hands.

"Absolutely," he replied. "Don't lose your focus."

"I won't," she sighed happily as he kissed her neck, moving down her body and setting her nerve endings on fire.

Chapter 4

Dana woke up feeling sore and more exhausted that she'd felt for a long, long time. Glancing around, she couldn't see the clock on the side of her bed, and then realized she wasn't in her bed. This one had softer sheets, almost like satin and it was enormous. Then the night slowly came back to her. The passion and crazy need for Hassan, that even now came roaring back to life.

He'd made love to her until she couldn't think any longer, was begging him for release. And after he gave it to her, he'd give her a few minutes to recover before he started it all over again. The man had the stamina of an ox, she thought.

As much as she wanted to snuggle up against him, press her back more closely to his strong chest, she knew it would be better if she left. Not just his bed, but the whole palace. This had been a wonderful, amazing interlude, but it had to end. Tonight.

With a sigh, she looked up at the ceiling and thought about the small things she needed to pack before heading out of the country. She could just pack up her car with clothes and water, the little bit of food she still had in her refrigerator and a few blankets. That should get her through the night at least, and she could find a place to sleep when she became too exhausted to drive any longer.

It was probably better to leave in the middle of the night for her next destination. First of all, she suspected that the men following her wouldn't expect her to be courageous enough to travel at night, preferring the security of daylight so she could make a better get away. And secondly, she didn't have any direction, so she could more effectively get out of town, then retrace her direction to make sure she wasn't being followed. It was easier to see if someone was following you at night because of the lack of traffic.

Of course, if she got out into the desert and someone was following her, she would be in a worse position because there wouldn't be anyone around to help her. But it was worth the risk, she decided.

Carefully, she lifted his hand off her waist and slid to the edge of the bed. She had trouble finding her clothes in the darkness but eventually, she was able to gather most of them up and scurry to the bathroom. She wanted to just slip out, but she was desperate for a shower so she jumped into the stunning black marble shower and soaped up as quickly as she could. Drying off, she buried her face in the soft, scented towels, wishing she could just let out her sorrow about leaving him and have a good, long cry. Or maybe call Jenna or Sasha. They would know exactly what to say to her and how to get her to laugh despite her misery over the last twelve hours. Unfortunately, now was not the time, she reprimanded herself. Get out of this mess, then figure out her next step. And avoid Hassan at all times since he seemed intent on keeping her here in the palace.

She forced her fingers to work the buttons on her clothes and, even though she looked like a mess with no makeup on and her hair all over the place, she turned off the light and slipped out of the bathroom. She quietly made her way out of his private suite and back to her office, praying no one else in the palace saw her.

Dana thought she saw a couple of men in one of the hallways, but assumed they were just the palace guards doing their normal rounds. But after her experience in the marketplace, she didn't want to risk it and the whole way down the hallway to her office she was jumping at every movement and each shadow, even if it didn't move.

In her office, she grabbed her keys and purse and quickly made her way out the employee entrance, smiling stiffly to the guards on duty. She didn't recognize these men, never having been here in this hallway at this time of the night. But they all looked extremely competent and she was glad for their presence as she made her way to her car. There were very few left in the employee lot and she felt extremely conspicuous leaving like this.

The streets were dark and vacant, only a few cars behind her as she drove back to her apartment. As she drove, she tried to be aware of what was happening around her, glancing in her rear view mirror to make sure she wasn't being followed. She felt a bit silly when she tried to spy cars behind her with their headlights off, just like in the television shows she'd watched, but she didn't care. Better safe than sorry, she told herself.

She was working through all the details of how she was going to get away while still scanning the area, looking for odd places people might hide. So when the taxi cab came from the left and she was looking to the right down a dark street, she wasn't as prepared as she should have been. She was still able to avoid a major collision because she'd been hyper aware, but her car was still hit, if only on the front bumper.

The cab driver immediately got out of his car and started apologizing and Dana breathed a sigh of relief that it was truly an accident and not those guys out to get her as she left her work site. She almost chuckled to herself that she'd thought someone would have waited outside the palace at this time of the night just to get her.

In the distance, she heard sirens indicating that the police had already been notified and was surprised that they were on the way. She never got this kind of service back home! The cab driver looked behind him, obviously worried that the police were here so quickly. His eyes frantically scanning the side streets as if waiting for someone to appear out of the darkness.

Dana was searching through her purse, trying to find her identification when the police officer pulled up, his car angled directly to the side of hers while another one pulled up behind the cab driver.

She was just about to pull her wallet out when the police officer approached her. "Everything is okay, ma'am. Please just go on back to your car," he said politely. The officer approaching the cab driver didn't appear to be as polite and Dana wanted to argue that it had only been an accident.

"Oh, but don't you need...." She started to say but the officer was already shaking his head, putting his body in front of her and looking around quickly. It was almost like he was protecting her from the cab driver, but that seemed ridiculous. Of course it was the cab driver's fault, but that didn't seem like a good enough reason to arrest the poor guy.

"No need," the police officer said, his arms spread wide as he moved in front of her, blocking her view of the cab driver. "We'll take care of this."

Dana heard another accident a couple of blocks away but the officers near her didn't appear surprised or even concerned about the accident.

Two car accidents so close together? And at this time of night?

She glanced over at the cab driver and a funny feeling invaded her mind. Something was definitely wrong here.

"You're free to go. You must return to the palace," the officer said. He nodded to the other officer who approached the cab driver. A moment later, the officer was handcuffing the man and putting him into the back seat of the police car and oddly, the cab driver was accepting this as normal.

No, something definitely wasn't right.

The officer bowed with deference and gestured for her to get back into her car. He was painfully polite as he said, "Please, Ms. Miller. You must return to the palace. Sheik Faiser-Al-Takar himself is waiting for you at the entrance. He will explain."

"Hassan is waiting for me?" she asked, her head spinning with the events unfolding around her. The thought of Hassan knowing already that she was gone was a huge problem. But when he found out that she'd been in an accident, he was going to be completely livid! No, it was better if she just continued on her way as if nothing had happened. She'd figure out how to deal with the legal issues of this accident later on. As it was, she was already delayed from her goal of getting out of town since this whole scene had taken up more time than she had tonight. She had been hoping to be over the border before he woke up this morning.

"Please ma'am. You must move quickly."

She really didn't want to go back to the palace but she wasn't sure she was going to be given a choice. The police officer seemed intent on getting her back to safety and, in his mind, the palace was her only destination.

Dana put a hand to the roof of her car and considered how she was going to explain her absence to Hassan. She knew he wouldn't be pleased and if the roles had been reversed, she would be pretty hurt if she'd woken up after having sex with someone only to find they had spirited off in the middle of the night.

Well, this wasn't her fault, she thought with more than a touch of defensiveness. In fact, the whole reason she was here this late, or early depending on one's perspective, was because he'd been adamant that she not leave the palace grounds. It was his fault that she was out here in the dead of night and had gotten into an accident. He had no right to be unhappy about this turn of events, she told herself in an effort to try and wiggle out of his upcoming tirade.

Okay, so it wasn't that he wasn't going to be happy. He was going to be downright furious with her.

With shaking fingers, she put her car in gear and drove slowly back to the palace. It was only a few miles, but the sight of headlights behind her made her nervous. What if someone had followed her the other day? If they knew she worked at the palace and....

She didn't have time to figure that out. She had to focus all of her attention on getting through this interview with Hassan. The guards wouldn't let anyone inside the walls without authorization and she had bigger things to worry about at the moment. She had to find a way to convince him that she couldn't stay here, that it was better if they just acted as if last night were a casual event and she should be on her way.

But last night hadn't been casual for her. It had been the most magical night of her life. She wanted him again even now as she parked her car but knew that she had to be strong. She had to make sure he was protected. Those men wouldn't care if he were a ruler, wouldn't care if she might be his mistress. They had a job to do and that was to protect their boss from prosecution. Their businesses, albeit illegal enterprises, were international and any disruption to their supply would cause a ripple effect that could equate to a major tsunami when it was finally over.

No, not even Hassan had the power to protect her in this situation.

As she entered the palace, she looked around and the same guards who had watched her leave, were looking at her curiously now.

Then she saw him. The man standing at the end of the hallway was a mass of barely contained fury. He might look calm and controlled, the epitome of the mighty ruler of all he surveyed but she could tell the difference in the way his feet were braced a bit farther apart than normal and how his shoulders were tense, his whole body still while his eyes watched her walk down the hallway. She approached cautiously, worried about what to say to ease the anger within in him.

"Where the hell did you think you were going?" he demanded, glaring down at her with his arms crossed over his chest.

She wasn't fooled by the low tone of voice. This man was seething. "I was going home. That's my usual plan at the end of each day."

He took a step closer, their toes almost touching. "I don't think either one of us could classify this as a normal end of the day. And I dare you to tell me otherwise. I dare you to even try and convince yourself of that, Dana."

"Hassan..."

His hand sliced up into the air, cutting off her explanation. There was nothing she could say that would justify her actions tonight. He wouldn't admit that he was also furious that she'd left him after such an a amazing interlude, one of the best of his life. Perhaps it hadn't meant as much to her, which only made him angrier. "Don't patronize me, Dana. You put yourself in danger and I will not permit that."

She realized that approach wasn't going to fly so she tried a different angle. "I'm not completely sure why you're so furious with me. It wasn't as if..."

"Don't finish that sentence," he ordered and was almost shouting. "As I said, you put yourself in danger. When we started this several hours ago, I told you that I wouldn't permit you to leave the palace unless you could take me down with your fighting skills. Since you were unable to do that, you went against a direct order."

Her mouth fell open with that outrageous statement. "That's not really fair!" He was making it sound like she'd committed treason by walking out on him.

He leaned down so she wouldn't be mistaken in his declaration. "I don't deal in fair or unfair. I gave you an order and I expect it to be obeyed."

She stiffened at his order, wanting to fight back but not sure exactly how to do that. "I'm not your..."

"Don't even try to put a definition on what you are to me," he said, cutting off her argument. "I'm too furious with you for what you did tonight to listen to you try and belittle our evening."

Since she'd been about to do just that, she shut her mouth and glared right back at him. "Wise choice," he said with a nod. "Now explain to me why you found it imperative to leave in the middle of the night."

"I had to get back to my apartment."

He raised an eyebrow when she said that and stopped, as if that meant something more than just running an errand. "And it was okay to not only put yourself in danger, but those of your security detail?"

She blinked, not sure what he meant by that statement. "I don't have a security detail!"

"You do as of two days ago. And this little incident tonight proves that I was right in getting that in place."

She gasped and leaned back, her hands fisting at her sides. "You had me followed?"

He bent down lower, his finger poking her in the shoulder to emphasize his point. "I had you protected! There's a significant difference."

"Not in my mind."

"What would you call tonight?"

She threw her hands up in the air, waving them as if he was being obtuse about the events of the past hour. "It was an innocent accident. That cab driver didn't mean to run into me. He was just tired."

Hassan glanced behind him, saw the shake of the guards head and stared at her. "It wasn't an accident, Dana." He spoke the words carefully, wanting her to understand exactly what was happening.

"Of course it was."

He lowered his voice and she saw a great deal of the anger leave his body. It was still there, just tempered by her innocence of how this violent world works. He gently shook his head, letting her down easy. "It wasn't just an accident. It was a carefully orchestrated plan to get you out of the car so you were vulnerable."

She stopped talking at that point. Was that true? Had someone deliberately set a trap for her? "Why would someone..." she shook her head, denying what he'd said. "No way. The people....I mean, why would anyone...." She stopped again, shutting her mouth for fear that she might reveal something she shouldn't.

"Why would someone want to kill you?" he finished for her. "Maybe to get you out of the way. It could be because you already have too much influence over me. Or maybe it was the same people who tried to grab you in the marketplace two days ago. Whatever the reason, you will be staying inside the palace until this is figured out. And after this is over, you will still be protected. Do you understand?" he explained firmly, not allowing her any room to argue about his precautions.

"You're being ridiculous!" she snapped right back, scared that she'd been so naive and embarrassed that she probably had put other men in danger. She didn't like thinking she was self-centered, but that was exactly what she'd done tonight and she was having trouble coping.

He smiled at her argument, but there wasn't any amusement in the look. "That's my right, my love. I can be as arbitrary as I want and there's nothing you can do about it." He said the words and knew he was digging himself in deeper, but he couldn't help it. The idea of her being in danger made him sick with fury. He couldn't let anything harm her now. She was his and he protected what was his, even if they fought that protection.

Her mind whirled about his words, frantically trying to make sense of everything that was happening. But there were too many questions and definitely not enough answers. Besides the fact that she was exhausted since she'd basically been up most of the night. "I need to go home and get some sleep," she said wearily.

He moved closer, his eyes angrily glaring at her. "You were asleep. Why did you leave?"

She held her breath, realizing that he wasn't just furious about her being in danger. She'd left him and she'd known he'd be upset about that. Just as she would be if she were in his position. "Look Hassan, about that..." she started to say but he interrupted her.

"We will not discuss this now. You're tired and need some sleep. Go back to my suite and get some rest. When you wake up, we'll talk."

She was already shaking her head by the time he finished, looking around to see if anyone had heard him, horrified at the idea of the other palace employees knowing that she'd slept with the sheik. "I can't sleep there!" she whispered, her head bent and her eyes glancing to the right and left.

He had to control his anger at her reply. He counted to three before he responded but even then it came out as almost a shout. "Why the hell not?"

She grimaced at his loud voice but tried to get him to understand. "Because, people will start to gossip! They'll think something is going on between us."

"There is something going on between us!" He put his hands on his hips, wondering if she was really so naive to think that their interlude last night had gone unnoticed. Not only were his personal body guards aware of her whereabouts, but he'd also assigned a team to her, and they'd been outside his door the whole time. Not to mention the police force who had to be brought in because of the accident and the investigation, the arrests of the men who had been sent to kill her and all the support staff for those issues. There were so many people who were in the loop about this that it was ridiculous to consider that the whole palace wouldn't know by tomorrow afternoon. Or today, he corrected as he glanced at his watch.

"Fine," he snapped, allowing her the fantasy of thinking she'd escaped notice. He waved over one of her guards who had been standing behind her at attention and pretending they weren't hearing everything that had been said. "Bring Ms. Miller to the suite next to mine and let her sleep. Make sure no one disturbs her." Hassan had lived in the palace his whole life so he knew that the guards were fully aware of all conversations. And most of the time, they needed to know in order to understand what kinds of issues they might face. In this case, he didn't really want to wound her pride, so he went along with the pretence that the guards been far enough away to not have overheard.

Dana was having none of that. "Not the one next to yours!" she hissed. "Everyone will still wonder why I'm sleeping so close to you. I've already been in there one night. Two nights will really be fodder for the palace gossip."

Hassan rolled his eyes and turned away. "The farthest suite from mine," he replied and turned away, walking towards his office and trying very hard to ignore the woman who was driving him crazy. If he were in his right mind, he would simply toss her over his shoulder and carry her back to his own bed. But he knew he wouldn't get any sleep if that happened. Nor would she, he thought and turned the corner to head towards his office.

"Where are you going?" she called out to him.

"I'll be in my office. Go to sleep," he replied and turned out of her sight.

Dana stared at his back, worried that he wasn't getting any sleep either. She'd done this to him, she thought. If she'd been smart about this whole thing, she never would have gotten involved with him. But he'd goaded her in the gym. And then he'd done....goodness what he'd done to her! She shivered and took a deep breath to get herself back under control.

Facing the large, bulky man standing silently beside her, she smiled and said, "Okay, where's the farthest bedroom from the sheik's where I can freshen up a bit?"

He bowed and led her down a long hallway. He pushed open an ornate door that led to a lovely room filled with gauzy fabrics and long sofas. "This is really nice," she sighed and smiled up at him. "I'll just freshen up and head into Has...I mean, the sheik's office to help him with whatever he's working on."

The man bowed and retreated as he closed the door and Dana was uncomfortable with the idea that he was probably standing outside her doorway waiting for her. She wasn't sure if he would be keeping her safe, or making sure no one else got into the room. Or ensuring that she didn't leave the palace again. Probably all of the above, she thought with resignation. What would the guard do if Hassan tried to enter the room, she wondered. Dana was pretty sure the guard wouldn't stop the ruler of his country.

She went to the bathroom and found several toiletries and took another shower, this one longer and more thorough in an effort to revive her muddled mind. There was a hair dryer and some makeup, but much better brands than what she was used to. Most of the colors would work for her, but she experimented with some others. She used extra foundation to hide the dark circles under her eyes and applied several coats of mascara to help her eyes appear more awake and alert. Lipstick and powder finished it off and she smoothed down her wrinkled blouse and slacks. They'd been on Hassan's floor for a bit too long to look professional any longer. Nothing a good dry cleaning couldn't fix, she told herself and splashed water on her wrists to revive her a bit more.

She was back in her office twenty minutes later, but didn't disturb Hassan who was already writing notes on some contract or document. He looked very intent, and not tired at all. How he managed that, she'd like to know as she wilted into her chair.

"What are you doing here?" he asked a half hour later.

Dana jumped and spun around to face him. "I've finished these documents and they're ready for your approval. Your speech for the conference this afternoon is on the top in case you'd like to make any changes."

He took the papers and set them down on her desk. "I told you to get some sleep. Not get in here earlier than normal, Dana."

"I heard you," she replied and turned to her computer.

"So why are you here at your desk instead of in bed sound asleep?"

She turned worried eyes up to his face and smiled gently. "You got just as much sleep as I did last night," she whispered, glancing around since others were starting to arrive for work and she didn't want them to hear. "If you can be here in the office, so can I. I want to help and you need some rest so if you'll go to sleep, so will I."

He sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "But I gave you a direct order to get some sleep."

She looked up at him and smiled brightly. "Like I said, I will if you will."

He leaned forward and braced his hands on her desk. "Is that an invitation?"

She pushed back, shaking her head emphatically even as her body reacted in a completely different way. "Certainly not! I don't like ornery men who like giving orders." She was lying. All she wanted to do was throw herself into his arms and feel those muscles close in around her, making her feel all soft and feminine. She loved the way he touched her and....stop it, she told herself. Time to concentrate on work and not on making love with this very amazing man.

He smiled sensuously, his eyes straying down from her face to her breasts, watching as they reacted to his visual touch. "You liked me fine last night. Shall I repeat some of your comments?"

She put a hand over his mouth in case he wanted to proceed. "That was different."

He pulled her hand away and smiled wolfishly down at her. "How so?"

Gone were all those gentle feelings she'd had towards this man a few moments ago. Now she was just irritated that he was being inappropriate in the office environment. It didn't matter that her own mind had already gone down that road. She'd stopped it and he needed to do the same! "That was before I knew what an arrogant, domineering jerk you can be when you order me around!"

"I'm keeping you safe," he countered, not offended at all about her words. She was touching him, and he liked it even if she was being treasonous by covering his mouth or punching him in the arm. Hell, he even liked the way she didn't obey him, but he wasn't going to tell her that. With all the people who bowed and scraped to him, it was nice to have someone speak openly.

It was probably because he wanted her so badly that he put up with her kind of insolence.

"You're going to sleep."

"I will as soon as I get these notes transcribed for your lunch meeting," she said and walked out of her office, leaving him still leaning against her desk.

He stood up and watched her leave, his hands burning to grab her and...well, he had lots of things he wanted to do. A good spanking was at the top of his list at the moment. And then he'd rub the redness away, soothing the skin and kissing it until she purred just like she had last night.

It occurred to him that she might be thinking that last night was a one time deal. If she was worried about others in the palace gossiping, he'd have to be a bit more subtle, but he was damned if he was going to give her up. No way, he thought and grabbed the papers she'd handed to him and stormed off to his next meeting.

By four o'clock that afternoon, Dana was almost in tears with fatigue. But she was determined to continue on if Hassan was still going strong. She wasn't going to be weaker than he was and she wanted to help him through his day as much as she could.

Besides, she needed to give him her resignation and she hadn't had a chance to do that yet. He'd been so busy that he'd been rushing around from one meeting to another, or his advisors would show up and want to discuss one issue or another. The poor man really had a tough life, she thought as she pulled out yet another submission for assistance.

A sandwich had appeared at her elbow at some point during the day, but she'd been to tired to finish it. When she almost knocked it off her desk, she gave in and dumped it into the trash can. It was dinner time now and Hassan had gone to yet another endless meeting so Dana gave in and shut down for the day. She was so tired she actually ached.

She thought about going to the kitchen for something to eat, but she discarded the idea in favor of just crawling into bed and sleeping for the next twelve hours. Glancing at her watch, she noted that even if she were to get into bed now, she still wouldn't have twelve hours before she needed to be back at her desk.

In the suite she'd been given the night before, she smiled to the guard who stood outside the door before closing it. She showered and dried her hair, then slipped between the sheets in the large, comfy robe she'd found in the bathroom. She still didn't have her night clothes so she didn't have an alternative. Good grief, she thought before she slipped off to sleep. She didn't even have anything different to wear tomorrow!

Later that night, Hassan looked down at the woman lying amid the sheets. She looked so achingly beautiful with her hair spread out against the satin pillow that he was hard pressed not to strip off his clothes and climb in beside her. The only thing that stopped him was the dark circles under her eyes that he could see even in the dim light. She needed a good night's sleep and she definitely wouldn't get it if he slept with her. There would be very little sleeping, he thought as his body hardened while he looked down at her breast that was only barely covered with the fluffy, white robe. He could still see the gentle curve and he wanted very much to pull the material away and taste her breast, to feel her softness and taste the nipple, feeling it peak in his mouth as she moaned with pleasure.

Instead, he turned around and walked out of the room. "Make sure she's safe," he ordered the two guards standing at attention outside her room.

Both men saluted him an instant before he turned and headed back to his private suite. It would still be a long night, but at least he knew where she was and that she wouldn't be kidnapped or shot at.

Chapter 5

Dana shuffled the papers around, filed several away and pulled more out which Hassan would need later in the day. She slapped them onto her desk and glared at the tower of paperwork still waiting for her attention.

She told herself she wasn't disappointed that Hassan hadn't come to her bed last night. She'd gotten a good night's sleep, one of the guards had even brought her a new suit to wear, a sophisticated black number with lots of pretty buttons up the middle. Thankfully, the suit had come with a sexy pair of black pumps, which made her feel oh so sophisticated!

She might feel better physically, but for some reason, she was not a happy camper today. And she couldn't quite figure out why she was so snippy.

"I'm here to see Hassan," a sexy, female voice announced from her doorway.

Dana looked up from her files and noticed the gorgeous woman standing in front of her desk. Her long, black hair was smooth and silky, curling just slightly at the ends. Her eyes were almost black but the eye liner that edged each eye made her look sultry and very chic.

Dana hated the woman on site and wished she had a brighter outfit like this woman's. The creamy yellow sundress was perfectly cut to enhance this woman's curves, low cut in the front in order to show just the right amount of cleavage to be alluring without being slutty.

"I don't have an appointment, but he'll see me," she replied, laughing softly.

In her wildest dreams, Dana couldn't pull of a laugh as sexy and sophisticated as that and she clenched her teeth in frustration.

"His Highness has a very busy schedule today," she said, trying very hard to be polite, but it was difficult since all she wanted to do was reach across the desk and scratch the other woman's eyes out. Instinctively, Dana knew that this woman with her cloying perfume and perfectly styled hair, sophisticated makeup and all the mannerisms of a supremely confident woman, was "The Competition".

Not that she wanted Hassan, she reminded herself. She didn't like him. At least not at the moment.

And then a thought occurred to her that made her feel as if she'd been punched in the gut. Was this woman the reason Hassan hadn't come to visit her last night? Had he been wrapped in her long arms and sexy legs? Had he done to this woman all the wonderful, magical things he'd done to Dana the previous night?

Dana had to concentrate on breathing, her anger so overwhelming as she pictured her handsome Hassan and this woman doing what she and he had shared together. There was an instant hatred that she had trouble suppressing.

"Just tell him Farida is here. He'll come running. Just wait," the woman said and winked.

Dana picked up the phone and transferred the information that Farida was here to see him. "I'll be right out," Hassan replied and hung up the phone.

Dana wanted to lash out at him but controlled herself. "He's on his way," she replied with a forced smile.

Farida grinned right back. "I told you so! I love it when my fiance is so prompt and attentive. Don't you?"

She didn't wait for a response but turned on her perfectly shod foot and walked out of Dana's office in Hassan's direction. Dana saw him meet her halfway but had to look away when Farida lifted her face in anticipation of Hassan's kiss. Dana couldn't endure the scene and busied herself with the files that had been piling up on her desk.

Dana glanced at his schedule and was furious that he was throwing it all off for a woman like that. He had to know that his meeting with the Minister of Defense had been on the schedule for weeks!

Of course, if he was going to throw off his day, it might as well be with someone like Farida. She was perfect; sexy, sophisticated, probably wealthy and knew how to go about in his world. Why would he want to be with someone like Dana? She played hot and cold, afraid to let anyone know that she'd actually been with him. Farida wasn't embarrassed. Good grief, she practically announced it to anyone who would listen. And even those who didn't want to listen!

At six o'clock, Hassan still hadn't returned and Dana was too furious to work any longer. She'd done enough for the man, she thought and shut down her computer with more force than was necessary. Ignoring the stack of files that needed to be worked as well as all the transcription and little details that had piled up because Dana had been too distracted this afternoon to be efficient, she closed her laptop and pressed the button on her phone that would send her calls to the palace operator.

She was walking down the hallway, trying desperately hard to get her emotions under control but had no way of doing that. Her two body guards were walking behind her which meant she couldn't go home since they'd probably stop her.

Or would they?

She turned around and opened her mouth to ask, but the taller one just said, "No," shaking his head to emphasize his point.

She grimaced and looked back at him. "You don't even know what I was going to ask," she said, her hands fisted by her side.

He shrugged his massive shoulders. "You were going to ask if you could go back to your apartment," he replied as if his assumption was the most obvious thing in the world.

Since that had been exactly what she was going to ask, there was no response she could offer so she closed her mouth and turned around, heading back to the suite she'd slept in last night.

She couldn't help but nod her appreciation to the guards, who nodded politely back as they walked into her rooms and looked through all the closets, behind the doors and curtains and in all the nooks and crannies possible, then took their sentry positions outside her door.

She was a bit exasperated with their thoroughness, but didn't begrudge them taking their responsibilities so deeply. They were dedicated to keeping Hassan alive, and apparently she now fell under that category. She didn't mind actually. She hadn't slept so well in over a year. She hadn't realized how lightly she'd been sleeping but knowing she was inside the palace walls along with two men outside her door, she had rested deeply and thoroughly. In her apartment, she woke to any kind of creak or groan, her mind sifting through the sound until it was categorized and classified as non-threatening. She hadn't even realized she'd been doing that until she didn't have to while sleeping here where everything was silent and she had people outside her door protecting her.

That didn't mean she liked being confined. She paced back and forth in her room, not sure what to do with herself. She could watch television, but she hated that pastime, thinking it sucked up a person's life so she avoided it as much as possible. She could put in a movie, knowing that there was a whole series of movies available to stream from any television or computer for Hassan and any guest in the palace. But she didn't think she could sit still to watch a movie. She was feeling restless and irritable, and not sure why.

She needed an outlet for her nervous energy. She couldn't exercise because she was afraid she'd run into Hassan and he was the very last person she wanted to talk to right now. It would be better if she confronted him once she'd calmed down a bit.

Of course, she wouldn't really confront him. She had absolutely no claim on the man, except for their one night together. Which probably didn't count in his mind. He probably had one night stands with a number of women. Dana knew there were some types who threw themselves at available, wealthy, powerful and handsome men like Hassan. She snorted in the silence of the suite as she realized that she'd probably throw herself at Hassan after describing him in that manner.

Which actually hurt even more. She hated the idea of Hassan being in the arms of another woman when she wanted him so much. But she disliked the idea that she was one of many. Knowing he enjoyed the company of other women made their night together seem sordid and tawdry.

Cooking, she thought. Yes, that was her outlet. Her reliable relaxation for anything that was bothering her. It had gotten her through worse times than this, she thought.

She didn't have any other clothes and as amazing as these shoes were, they were higher than she was used to and the marble hallways of the palace made walking on the balls of her feet ache. She flipped the shoes off and padded to the closet, hoping she might find a pair of sneakers or slippers left behind by someone.

No such luck, she realized. There was another suit in the closet, this one in a lovely shade of brown. And another matching pair of shoes, but no slippers.

"I don't care," she whispered and carefully hung the suit jacket up on a hanger, then pulled her slacks up and marched out of her suite. The two men were surprised to see her but she didn't even pause as she walked out of the double door of her suite. "I'm going to the kitchen if that's okay with you boys?"

She waited for their reply, but they both just stood there looking at her. She assumed they weren't used to their charges asking permission and shrugged their confusion away. Heading towards the kitchen, she thought about all the things she wanted to cook, considering and discarding several recipes.

In the kitchen, she approached the same young woman who had helped her before. "I'm sorry to bother your processes again, but would anyone mind if I just whipped up a couple of things?"

The woman was confused. "We will be happy to prepare anything you'd like, ma'am," she said nervously, glancing behind Dana at the two body guards that were hovering.

"No, I just need to work through some nervous energy and cooking helps me. But if I'm going to be in the way..."

The woman immediately shook her head, not wanting to insult a personal guest of the sheik. "Help yourself. Let me know what you need and I'll bring it to you." She quickly stepped back and bowed slightly, glancing over Dana's shoulder to the guards to make sure Dana wasn't offended in any way.

"No, no," Dana countered with excitement and waved happily to the woman. "I can do it all by myself. I don't want to interrupt anything you guys are already working on preparing."

She went to the pantry and surveyed the various ingredients, then to the giant refrigerator and freezer, doing the same thing. She decided on making a cake first of all, thinking the mixing and beating would get out some of her energy. A multi-layered cake with thick frosting and some gooey filling to make it even sweeter. Maybe even decorations so that she'd have to concentrate and not think about men with sexy eyes and broad shoulders.

An hour later, she had two cake layers cooling on the racks behind her and she was pounding out chicken breasts. Six of them, actually. Four of them were already pounded out and were breaded, in the refrigerator chilling before she put them into the oven. She knew she was cooking too much, but it was therapeutic and she knew it wouldn't go to waste. Her new body guards would help her eat it, if no one else were interested. She definitely wouldn't offer any of her food to that irritating man who was probably now cavorting...dammit! She pounded the chicken breast harder, wanting to get rid of the image of Hassan and the bitchingly beautiful Farida.

She was frantically chopping up ingredients for a salad when she noticed a hush fall over the kitchen staff. Dana didn't even glance up, knowing that Hassan had entered their domain and irritated that everyone acted so deferential to the man. Who cared if he was their ruler? He was a jerk! He was a rude, insensitive, horrible man who thought that women were throw away pieces that he could keep around and take out to play with when he was bored. She didn't even think about the way she'd snuck out of the palace two nights ago. That was different, she told herself as she grabbed a tomato and slaughtered it with the knife.

She reminded herself that she had no business asking him about Farida. Dana told herself that she was his only employee, that was all, and she chopped the carrots more quickly, tossing them into the bowl beside her.

"What are you up to?" he asked and swiped a carrot from her bowl.

She stopped chopping and glared up at him, not saying a word. Just waiting for him to look around and answer the question himself.

Hassan chuckled and smiled, unrepentant for asking an obvious question. "Okay, why are you doing it?"

She shook her head and resumed chopping, ignoring him as much as a woman could ignore a six foot three inch man with huge muscles and a desire not to be ignored.

"If you don't want to talk, I can think of much more entertaining things to do than cooking."

Not a word. Not even a glance in his direction to acknowledge that he'd spoken! She didn't want to hear his charming voice or humorous quips, and she definitely didn't want his sexual innuendos that made her shudder with need. She'd gotten a good night's sleep last night and her body had fully recuperated. More than willing to sample more of the same. But he had the Fabulous Farida now. He could just go do whatever with the other woman. Dana didn't need the irritation. Although if he came any closer with that Farida-like grin, she might just start chopping off body parts, she thought furiously.

She did not want him, she told herself. She would not accept seconds. Leftovers were just....Uhg!

She had to resist as Hassan came closer. Dana wasn't any man's sexual receptacle. If he wanted a willing woman, let him get Farida back. That woman was more than happy to volunteer her body to ease his sexual needs. The horrible woman had broadcast her intentions loud and clear, shouting it with her body language and her cloying perfume.

Dana actually missed the cucumber completely at the idea of that horrible, smelly woman in Hassan's arms.

Hassan picked up the cucumber and handed it back to her, quickly removing his fingers from her knife range. "Want to talk about it?"

"What's 'it'?" she asked, knowing full well what he meant but not wanting to give in to him. She attacked the cucumber with more energy than skill, missing almost as often as she sliced and making the cucumber mess look as unappetizing as possible.

He leaned against the steel counter and watched her carefully. He knew she was upset, but he couldn't imagine what he'd done lately to make her this angry. "Whatever is bothering you?"

She scraped the mutilated cucumber into the salad, ignoring the curious look Hassan gave the pile of mushed up green gupe. "Nothing is bothering me. Why would you think something is bothering you?"

He paused for a moment to watch her. "Well, unless you're adding your fingers or parts of the cutting board to the salad intentionally, I'm guessing you're extremely angry with something. Possibly me, but I'm not really sure what I did in the past twelve hours to make you angry with me."

"Besides keeping me a prisoner in your house?"

He chuckled as a carrot flew across the room when she tried to stab it and missed. "You're not really mad at me for that. I think you're hiding from whatever you're running from, which you'll eventually tell me about, but that's not what this is about."

She spun the knife around in her hand, gripping the handle upside down and stabbed the wooden cutting board with the tip violently. "Oh, and you know me so well after our short time together that you can say that with authority?"

He crunched on a celery stick, watching her face for a long moment. "Yes, I think I'm pretty on target."

"You're not. Way off base, but keep it up and I'll get angry for other reasons."

A timer went off behind her and she spun around, glad to have something else to distract her. The man kept snatching her vegetables which put his long, strong fingers into her field of vision, driving her crazy because she wanted those fingers to be moving across her body the way they had the other night. And she knew she no longer had that right.

"You'd feel much better if you talked to me about it."

She pulled her cakes out of the oven and kicked the door closed with her foot, carrying both over to the table and putting them carefully onto the cooling rack. "I'm fine," she replied once again.

"Okay then. What can I do to help?" he asked and pulled an apron off of one of the shelves, tying it around his waist just as she'd done.

She stared at him with an astonished expression. "You can't cook."

"Of course not. But I can follow instructions. You've been doing it with me all day. How hard can it be?"

She watched him as if he'd gone completely crazy. "Hassan, go find Farida and leave me alone." She turned away and headed into the pantry for sugar to make the frosting.

Dana was fighting back the tears, praying that he'd be gone by the time she came out of the pantry and she could figure out what to do. She just needed some space and time to put the past few days into perspective. And she needed a plan! Every time she tried to do something positive, something that might get her out of this mess, he intervened. She really had to assert herself, she thought as she carried the powdered sugar and milk back to the counter.

Several feet away from her cooking space, she stopped and stared at Hassan. He was now standing in her work space, leaning his back against the counter with his arms crossed in front of him. He was the perfect imitation of an immoveable object.

She released the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding and gripped the sugar more tightly. "Why can't you just leave me alone?" she growled, furious with him and his persistence.

He shrugged slightly before he said, "Because you're gorgeous and I can't get you out of my mind."

She dropped her supplies onto the counter and shoved herself away from him as he closed the distance. "You have more self-discipline than any man I've ever known in my life. Display some right now."

"Can't," he replied simply and took another step closer to her.

She put her hand in the middle of his chest and tried to hold him at arm's length. "Can't? Or won't?"

He chuckled and shook his head, running a finger down her bare arm and sending shivers along her skin. "Maybe a little of both."

She suppressed the instant shiver and stepped away, turning from his smile and trying to ignore him. She was just turning back to her cooking area when she spotted him sticking his finger into the frosting. With an irritated sound, she picked up the plastic spatula and smacked the back of his hand just as his hand was reaching for another sample.

"Ouch!" he pulled his hand away quickly and looked up at her with surprise. "You hit me!"

She took the bowl of frosting and swirled in flavoring. "Of course I smacked you. You were sneaking frosting."

"So?"

She glared at him. "No sneaking," she replied with finality.

He leaned forward to watch her stir. "You know, I could have you imprisoned for hitting me."

"Please!" she scoffed and turned away just as his finger started to dive for yet another taste. "You deserved it and I'll do it again if you don't stay out of my frosting."

"Even so," he replied with amusement. "You can't smack the ruler. It just isn't done."

"It's done when you deserve it," she countered and added pink food coloring in an effort to deter him. Surely he wouldn't nip a taste of pink frosting. He was too manly to be caught with a pink glob on the end of his finger.

"Even with the threat of imprisonment?"

"You wouldn't imprison me."

He watched her with surprise, knowing she was right but he wasn't going to lose this argument. "You're awfully confident. What makes you so sure?"

"Because I would cry." She stopped stirring and looked up at him. "And I'm guessing you're the kind of guy who hates it when a woman cries."

He watched her for a moment, then sighed, nodding his head. "You're right." He took another cucumber and leaned his hip against the table. "So what are the odds you might become unangry with me and come to my bed?"

She gritted her teeth and turned away. "Chances are around the zero to nil range," she countered.

With a grimace he sighed. "Okay. So you need to get over whatever put you in this snit. How about if I give you a little space and we can talk about our relationship tomorrow?"

She slammed the bowl down onto the table and braced her hands on the steel surface. "You can talk all you want. I'm guessing there really isn't anything you can say that I'd be interested in hearing. But when has that stopped you from discussing your opinion?"

He considered arguing with her but knew that sometimes a strategic retreat was needed. He came closer and looked down into her furious eyes. "Hopefully you will come to me tomorrow and explain what it is that I did to hurt your feelings. Until then, just know that I'll be in my suite thinking about you, and thinking about all the different ways I want to make love to you and only your stubbornness is keeping us apart."

Her eyes narrowed and she held her breath, trying desperately hard not to throw herself into his arms and sob out all her frustration and anger, her hurt over hearing that he was engaged to another woman and how betrayed it had made her feel when she'd heard it from someone she'd just met instead of the man who had held her gently in his arms and taken her to heaven with his touch.

She hated the fact that she watched him walk away, taking the cowards way out with her silence instead of confronting him. Her eyes watched with longing as his broad shoulders and long legs took him out of the kitchen and away from her. All she wanted to do was to run after him and beg him to explain, to demand that he choose her instead of that horrible woman. But he wasn't hers so she had no right to demand anything of him. He was a grown man, so if he wanted to be with Farida, he could and if he wanted another woman, he would have to do something about it but Dana wanted nothing to do with a man who would sleep with one woman while engaged to another.

Since he was walking away, she accepted that he'd made his choice and she had too much pride to accept the role of mistress.

With resignation, she went back into the supply pantry and selected several ingredients to make a filling for her cake, determined to get that man out of her mind, or get fat trying.

By midnight, she had the cake frosted and decorated with a raspberry cream filling, a spinach salad with strawberries and warm roasted nuts topped with goat cheese and a zesty dressing, stuffed chicken breasts, a spicy jambalaya with shrimp and sausage and a pasta dish with a vodka cream sauce. All the food was stored in plastic containers and she knew she should eat some of it, but her stomach simply wouldn't let her. The fact that her throat was swollen with unshed tears didn't help either.

For the first time in her life, cooking hadn't soothed her mind and calmed her body. She was still so angry and hurt with Hassan that she wanted to punch him. But that would require touching him and she had to avoid that. Touching, in any way, would lead to things better left to her imagination.

She fell asleep that night, fighting back tears for a man she refused to cry over. He wasn't worth it if he was going to treat her like this. She deserved so much better but she wasn't going to find it if she didn't hurry up and figure out who was trying to kill her and mitigate that problem. If she weren't so exhausted, she would head right back to her office and do some searches to find her next location. But she could barely keep her eyes open so she let sleep take her away and hopefully soothe her the way her cooking hadn't accomplished.

Chapter 6

The following day, Dana watched with relief as Hassan walked down the hallway to his next meeting. It would give her at least an hour away from him and she needed the break. She hadn't slept well last night and had been up early trying to catch up on all of the work he'd left for her. He might be charming, but he was a workaholic as well. The annoying man had gone back to his own office last night and had worked on just about every project he had proposed. And now he wanted reports and data and contracts, all of which she had to hunt down and figure out. Couldn't he find some other kind of pastime besides working?

As soon as he was around the corner, she stood up and poked her head out of her office doorway. Sure enough, two men were standing outside, apparently protecting her but it felt more like keeping her inside the palace walls.

"Excuse me," she said sweetly and smiled over at the two men. "Could one or both of you help me with an issue I'm having?"

Both men straightened up slightly and moved towards her. "How can we help?" the older one asked. He had no hair but maintained a perfectly trimmed black goatee. She wondered if baldness had a sort of mean message to someone who was going to infiltrate an area. Did the man shave his head intentionally? Or was that just natural?

Refocusing on the important issue of the day, she came back around her desk and sat down behind it. "Have a seat," she suggested and gestured to one of the chairs in her office. "What's your name?"

"I'm Sumeet, ma'am."

"It's nice to meet you Sumeet. It actually isn't my problem but a friend of mine is trying to locate someone who might not want to be found." She'd considered her words carefully while getting dressed this morning, in another suit that had magically appeared in her closet, and thought that maybe she could track down the guys trying to kill her. If she got to him first, maybe she could convince him that she was content to let him lead his own nefarious life if he would just leave her alone. "If this were your friend, how would you go about finding this person?"

Sumeet leaned forward, elbows on his knees and looked very serious as he narrowed his eyes in concentration. "What does this person do for a living?" he asked.

Dana bit her lit and considered her options. "He...um...might be of the criminal element," she said diplomatically. She didn't want to reveal too much, but maybe there were ways to find a person in a legitimate business which might differ when trying to find someone of the more unscrupulous occupations. She had no idea, and needed Sumeet's expertise.

Sumeet nodded sagely. "How did they meet?"

Dana wasn't sure how to answer this without revealing too much. She thought about various ways to answer but in the end, stuck to a very non-descriptive explanation. "She sort of saw something she shouldn't have."

"Was this in the United States?"

"Yes," she replied quickly, relieved that it was a question that was easy to answer. Everyone knew she was American so it was extremely logical that Dana would still have friends back there.

He narrowed his eyes as he watched her carefully. "Was it a violent crime?"

Dana nodded. "Very violent."

"Why wasn't your friend put into the witness protection system? I heard that agency was very good at hiding people from the criminal element when they had witnessed something violent."

Now she was treading in dangerous waters. She had to be very careful how she answered this one for fear that she might reveal too much. Pursing her lips, she tapped her pencil against her mouth gently. "Maybe I should just tell her that she needs to hire someone. If she were to do that, who would she hire? How does one contact an investigative agency that might handle this kind of work?"

Sumeet didn't blink an eye as he absorbed her response. "There are several reputable investigative agencies. Why don't you tell me your friend's name and I can refer her to one of my friends?"

Dana became excited that she might have an outlet. "Oh, no! If you could just tell me how to contact them, I'll pass along the information."

"It would be better if the two of them contacted each other directly."

The man was starting to get on her nerves. Why was he being so covert about offering information on a private detective agency? "Couldn't you just give me the agency name that you trust the most and I can pass that along to her? She's sort of in hiding and this will allow her to contact the investigator directly without revealing her location."

"Is her location an issue?"

Dana shook her head. "Oh, no. She's safe. At least for the time being."

"You're sure?"

She thought back to the men in the marketplace and the sporadic phone calls on her cell phone. "Pretty sure."

Sumeet nodded and stood up. "I'll get you several names. Just give me a day."

"That would be wonderful! And you'll let me know which is the best? I don't know if she can afford the best, but she should definitely start there, right?"

Sumeet almost smiled at her enthusiasm but he nodded seriously and stepped back out into the hallway to resume his guard post. The other man saw the look and nodded slightly, lifting his watch to type in a message. A few minutes later and known to Dana, a third guard arrived and took up position while Sumeet walked down the hallway to make a report.

Dana turned back to her computer and dug back into her work, feeling much more relieved now that she had a plan of action. She had one more part of that idea to work on and that was to find another place to hide out. As her fingers worked the keyboard, her mind considered all the various possibilities. The Peace Corps sounded pretty good. Didn't they send people to places where almost no one could find them? Or a mission in Africa? She also liked the idea of helping other people if that was possible. Her fingers tapped out different locations and organizations that might work out for her.

One problem she kept running into was an escape route. If she were found, she didn't like the idea of being out in the middle of the desert or jungle with no way of hiding and no easy way to get back to civilization. Wherever she went, it would need to be a place where she could blend in with a population large enough for a person to live, but still give her anonymity. And a job. She had to support herself somehow even though the idea of living in the jungle in a tree house and living off of nuts and berries sounded pretty good right about now. Unfortunately, the jungles of Africa or South America might be a perfect hiding spot, but it didn't have a great number of possible occupations. Especially the tree house idea.

The afternoon was just as crazy as the morning but with the added pressure of Hassan barking orders at her. He constantly demanded that she come into his office and take notes during his meetings, something he hadn't done before. He'd always preferred that the meetings be recorded and she would transcribe them after the fact. Since she didn't know shorthand, actually being in the meeting was a great deal of pressure to try and write down all that was being said. It was still being recorded, but she felt the need to get the important points down carefully. And since no one wasted Hassan's time, all the issues brought up were important, conversations limited to only those issues that needed his attention while idle chit chat was kept to a minimum.

By the end of the day, she was tired and hungry, and very irritated with the man who had kept her at his side during most of the day for no apparent reason.

She was shutting down her computer when he walked into her office and sat in one of her empty chairs, a plate filled with her jambalaya. "This is delicious," he said with a mouthful of shrimp. "I know you made this last night and I'm impressed."

She really didn't like the way her stomach quivered with excitement over his compliment. "Don't you have some big dinner party tonight with the ambassadors?"

"Yes. Will you come with me?" he asked and took another bite of the spicy rice dish.

She watched him with exasperation. "Why are you eating if you have a twenty course meal to sit through?" She glared at him angrily. "And why don't you ever gain weight?"

"Because I don't want to eat their food. I want to eat this." He took another bite and looked across the desk. "You didn't answer my question. Will you be my guest tonight?"

She tossed out the first answer she thought of. "I have nothing to wear," she said without emphasis and stuffed more files into her desk.

"I'm fine with nothing," he replied, completely dead pan so it took several minutes for his words to sink in. At which time, her traitorous body responded by blushing profusely and her heart speeding up.

"Get real," she scoffed and shoved the last file into her desk. "Have fun tonight."

He placed the now empty plate on her desk and wiped his mouth with a linen napkin. "I'll have a dress delivered to your room in a half hour. Be ready for me in an hour." With that, he bent over and kissed her lightly and was gone down the hallway before she could argue with him or even agree to be his guest. She glared at the empty plate with a mutinous expression but not because he'd left her something to clean up. There was a cleaning service that came through the office areas and cleaned up all the plates, coffee cups and emptied the trash so she didn't care about that. It was that he'd just swooped in and swished out, not even caring that she might still be angry with him.

She didn't really believe he could have a dress to her within the time he'd mentioned but she should have realized that Hassan never did things in half measures. She was sitting in the small sitting room of her suite, finishing up some of the files from the day, when a knock sounded on the door. She had no idea who might come to see her but knew the guards Hassan had assigned to her wouldn't let anyone past that wasn't allowed so she answered the door without hesitation.

And then her mouth fell open. A man stood outside with a whole rack of gorgeous evening gowns in all the colors of the rainbow, each one more beautiful than the last. He pushed them inside with a smile and a bow, and then disappeared, closing the door behind him saying only "Compliments of His Highness" before he was gone.

Dana was left staring at about thirty gorgeous gowns, each one probably worth more than her monthly salary. She picked up one and held it against the front of her, looking in the mirror to see what it looked like. Needless to say, it was perfect. As was the next and the next, all the colors that worked well with her skin tone and coloring, and all in her size.

"How does he know all this stuff?" she said out loud as she pulled on a pretty lavender gown with a chiffon skirt and beaded halter style top. It made her breasts look bigger somehow and her hips smaller. As she twirled around, she knew that she was in love with this dress.

The second knock came while she was pulling on an emerald green sheath dress that skimmed all her curves, covering her from neck to ankle, but leaving little to the imagination.

She answered the door, her hands covering the upper half of her dress because of how her breasts, or more specifically, her nipples, were providing good evidence of their existence.

Dana wasn't prepared for Hassan to be standing outside the door, nor was she ready for him to be so devastatingly handsome in his beautifully tailored tuxedo. But as soon as she opened the door, his eyes dropped to her dress and instantly fired with desire. "Absolutely not!" he said and pushed his way into the room, slamming the door behind him. "There is no way you're leaving this room in that dress," he growled. He looked back at her in the dress and she could see that he liked it, just not with anyone but himself looking at her.

With a glance, he moved over to the rack of clothes and surveyed the alternatives, picking out the lavender dress she'd initially tried on first. "This one," he commanded and walked over to hand it to her.

"Why that one?" she asked, not taking the dress for fear of needing to drop her hands. Which would in turn reveal what he probably knew was underneath her arms, but she didn't want to be obvious about it. Especially with a bed so close by.

His eyes dropped down to her bare shoulders, skimming along her figure where her arms weren't covering. "Because purple will look good on you. And there's no way I'm letting you out of this room in that dress so just take it off now." He smiled slightly before saying, "Maybe you could put it on for me later, just so I can take it off personally."

Dana almost laughed, feeling giddy that he was somewhat jealous of other men seeing her like this. "I wasn't going to wear it anyway. I just liked the color."

He nodded and crossed his arms over his chest arrogantly. "Good. Hurry up. We're going to be late and if we're going to be late, it's going to be for a good reason."

"What would be a good reason in your mind?" she asked, taking the dress and walking into the bathroom to change. It occurred to her that she hadn't actually agreed to go to this dinner thing with him. He'd simply ordered her to get ready and here she was, getting ready. If the dress wasn't so gorgeous and he hadn't looked so marvelous in his tuxedo, she might have argued with him a bit.

He leaned down so his face was less than an inch from hers, his eyes showing her how much he wanted her. "Anything that has to do with you being naked and in a bed. Or out of a bed," he growled. "In that dress, I don't care where you are. A wall will even work at this point so hurry up and change or we're going to miss the whole event and I will make sure you don't care that you're still mad at me."

She scurried into the bathroom and kept her eyes off of his magnificent form, praying she could get away without dissolving into a puddle of desire. "I'm not," she sighed from behind the door, glad that he couldn't hear her. She needed him to think she was still mad at him so she could keep her distance but she just couldn't maintain that anger. She was hurt and sad that he preferred Farida over her, but she couldn't blame him. The woman was stunning.

"Hurry up," he called out.

She unzipped the green dress and pulled on the lavender one, trying to figure out what to do with her hair that was fast and simple. "What's this thing about tonight?" she called through the closed door.

"The French Ambassador and his wife are here for dinner."

"Wow!" she whispered. In a louder voice she called back, "And you want me to attend with you?" She felt a warm glow start to heat inside her, proud that he thought enough of her skills to ask her to attend such an important meeting with him.

"Yes. If you'd hurry up," he called back.

"Why didn't you ask Farida to be your guest?" she said then bit her tongue, wishing she hadn't said that out loud.

"Because I didn't want to be with her tonight."

That was the right answer, she thought. But she had to maintain her position and not get lost in his sweet words. She swept her hair back and pinned it neatly at the nape of her neck, added a bit more powder, some purple eye shadow and soft pink lipstick.

"Do I Iook okay?" she asked, coming out of the bathroom and finding him sitting on the sofa reading a magazine. He looked surprised to see her finished so quickly and glanced at his watch. "That took you less than five minutes," he mumbled, standing up and coming towards her. "How did you do that so quickly?"

"You told me we were going to be late."

He glanced down at his watch once again. "We were. If you'd taken an hour to get ready like I assumed you would."

"So now we're early?"

He chuckled at her disgruntled expression and moved closer. "What shall we do with the extra time?"

She stepped back and put her hand up to the middle of his chest to stop him in his tracks. "Not what you're thinking. Remember? I'm still mad at you."

He pushed her hand away and pulled her closer. "No you're not."

She accepted his touch, thrilling to the way he was so possessive of her, but unwilling to give in on this issue. "Yes I am," she said and tucked her lipstick into his breast pocket.

"You're not. I heard you through the bathroom door. And that's not my color," he joked, referring to her lipstick.

"Funny man. It's for me. I don't have a purse."

"So I get the honor of carrying your lipstick?"

"Dubious honor, but yes." She marched out of the suite and smiled to her guards. "And yes, I am still mad at you. I'm just not showing it."

He chuckled and put a hand to the small of her back to guide her towards the formal dining room where they would meet their guests.

Dana waited until she was introduced to the Ambassador and his wife, but then stepped forward and smiled graciously. "Bon soir," she said effortlessly. "Comment t'alley vous ce soir?" in perfect French.

Three sets of eyes widened in surprise and Dana maintained her serene expression, glad to have surprised Hassan with her knowledge of foreign languages. It was, after all, one of the reasons she'd been moved into her current position so she didn't understand why he was surprised.

The evening turned out to be a great success with Hassan and the ambassador agreeing to several issues while Dana and the ambassador's wife discussed other country's politics or lapsed into the traditional and easy conversational topics such as fashion or travel.

The meal was delicious, as predicted and it was nice to sit at the table with only the four of them and discuss politics. Dana watched in fascination as Hassan worked the French Ambassador, getting through his points and acknowledging the ambassador's as well. They were dancing a very fine minuet, she thought. Neither giving in on a subject until the other conceded something as well, so both parties came away from the evening feeling as if they'd gained something important, all the while pretending that the meal was only a social event.

After waving goodbye to the ambassador and his wife, Dana yawned hugely and smiled her thanks to the wait staff who had helped during the meal. She then turned and walked out of the dining room, heading back to her own suite and away from Hassan and his charming self. "Where are you going?" Hassan asked as they left the dining room. Dana automatically turned to the right which would take her to her suite while Hassan was pulling her to the left towards his private quarters.

"I'm going to bed."

He pulled her flush against his body, pressing her against him so she could understand. "That was exactly my intention."

Dana could feel his body harden against her stomach and tried to push him away, closing her eyes in an effort to block out pictures of what he might do to her. "No," she said but it was a weak and breathless protest. She had to remember Farida and not give in, she told herself firmly.

"You're mouth is saying no, but your body is leaning into mine, your hands are around my neck and you're shivering with expectation."

Dana opened her eyes and realized that her arms were in fact around his neck. She pulled them down and tried to step back, but he held her hips, pressing her close while his head bent down. When his lips touched her neck, she couldn't help but shiver with more than expectation. It was anticipation, bold, heavy and overwhelming. "You can't do that," she whispered but felt her head lean to the left so he had better access.

"What can't I do?" he breathed against her ear. "This?" he asked as his teeth nibbled on her earlobe.

"Yes."

"And maybe I can't do this?" and his hand went to her back, sliding around her rib cage and cupping her breast with his strong hands. "And you'd really hate it if I did this, wouldn't you?" he asked as his expert fingers unsnapped the halter dress and revealed her breast, exposing it to his hands and Dana didn't even care that they were in the middle of the hallway and anyone could pass by. When his thumb ran over her nipple, she was lost and she gasped as the pleasure surged through her.

She was no longer leaning against him, she was pressing herself closer, demanding more of him and shuddering when he pressed himself against her softness. "Damn you, Hassan!" she exclaimed, her hands fisting on his jacket.

"Tell me you want me," he demanded, his voice husky and deep.

"I don't want to want you."

"You're beautiful when you're being stubborn. Tell me," he ordered again, emphasizing his command with his thumb barely against her nipple.

Dana held her breath, waiting for his touch but when it didn't come, she nodded her head. "Yes," she gasped. "Yes, I want you!"

When his thumb rubbed her nipple as she wanted she almost cried out with the pleasure but he covered her mouth with his, capturing the sound and giving her more.

He leaned back slightly and reattached the halter on her dress. With swift movements, he took her hand and led her quickly down the hallway. Once there, he slammed the door to his suite, then swept her up into his arms, carrying her over to the bed and placing her in the center.

"You're beautiful," he said with his husky, sexy voice while his hands threw off his tuxedo jacket, his tie and his deft fingers started unbuttoning his shirt. He leaned over her, unwilling to wait until he'd finished with his shirt before he touched her again, kissing her gently, then with increasing pressure as she wrapped her arms around his neck.

Dana knew there were some reasons she shouldn't be here. But when his hands pulled her dress down again, his mouth covering her nipple and making her gasp with the intensity of the pleasure his mouth was creating, she couldn't think of a single reason not to be right here, right now, in this bed with this man and his magical hands and mouth.

"Touch me," Hassan said and pulled her hands from the bed where her fingers were gripping the silk duvet, placing them on his chest.

Dana didn't wait for another invitation, letting her fingers roam over his chest, thrilling in the light mat of hair and the muscles that flexed wherever she touched.

While she let her fingers roam, Hassan kissed his way down her neck, over her chest and made a slow trail to her right breast, sucking her nipple until she was moaning with the pleasure and her legs moved up, wrapping around his waist in invitation.

"I love the way you feel," he said softly as his hand pressed her leg against his hip, moving into place. "I'm sorry, Dana. I can't wait." He wanted to touch her more, to feel her hands against his body and taste her just like he had last time, but after tonight, seeing her in that dress and speaking in perfect French, laughing with his guests and now seeing her with desire in her eyes, it was such a dichotomy and he loved the differences.

She shook her head, trying to tell him that she didn't care about waiting, that she didn't want him to wait. But her body told him for her, speaking loud enough for both of them to hear. Or maybe that was just her scream as he slid into her slowly driving her crazy with the need for him to fill her up.

"Don't move!" she cried out but he didn't listen to her. As he watched, he was amazed that she was already tightening around him.

He continued moving, using her facial expressions and sighs of pleasure as a gauge on how to move, slower and faster, creating just the right friction to take her over the edge. He couldn't believe what a turn on it was to watch and feel this tiny woman climax around him and he pounded into her, finding his own release moments later.

When he could breathe once again, he pulled her close and sighed as he felt her snuggle into his side, her face pressed against his neck so he could feel her soft, sweet breath against him.

As his heart slowed down, he felt her body relax against him and he almost chuckled when she slid her leg up on top of his as if she needed to hold him down even in her sleep. He knew exactly how she felt, wanting to keep her safe but not sure what he was protecting her against. And that drove him crazy, until she snuggled up closer and he relaxed since she was right where he wanted her at the moment. He'd take care of 'later' when morning arrived.

Dana woke up, startled by the darkness and tried to orient herself. But the room was unfamiliar and she couldn't place the heaviness she was feeling. As her eyes became adjusted to the darkness, she realized that she was in Hassan's bed and her arms and legs were tangled with his, the sheets somewhere at the bottom of the bed and his body heat was currently the only thing keeping her warm with the extra efficient air conditioning cooling down the air.

She let her head drop back down onto Hassan's shoulder and took a deep breath, trying to figure out how she'd ended up right back in his bed, the one place she'd been trying hard to avoid.

It was that damn lavender dress, she thought. The neckline had been too easy to release. Maybe she should get something more difficult next time. Then she sighed and shook her head slightly. It was more than just the neckline. It was the man. He had magic fingers. And magic lips. She looked over at him in the darkness and accepted that it wasn't just a part of him, it was the whole package. This man's body was pretty amazing, she thought as her leg shifted slightly to feel him once again.

But no more, she mentally chided herself and pulled her leg away. She couldn't be "the other woman" and she definitely wouldn't be a mistress to a man she....loved. She accepted the word hesitantly, feeling her heart clench with the pain even though there was a bit of joy in the admission.

Right now, she needed to deal with the moment and not the future. Slowly, so she didn't disturb him, she extricated herself from his warm body. Sliding off the bed, she quietly picked up her dress and slipped it back on, finding her shoes by the door but her underwear was completely lost, an embarrassing state of affairs but she wasn't going to try and find them in order to rectify her underwear free predicament.

With her shoes in her hand, she tiptoed out of his bedroom, glancing back occasionally to see if he was awake.

Dana slowly, carefully opened the door to his suite, then slipped out into the hallway and closed it behind her, turning the handle so it wouldn't click upon release and wake up Hassan.

When the door was finally closed, she let go of the breath she had been holding and turned around, wondering if anyone had seen her slipping out of his rooms and praying she'd gone unnoticed.

Until she straightened, preparing to walk down the hallway and four men, all standing at attention, were looking down at her with blank expressions.

Since it was about two o'clock in the morning, her hair was a complete mess and she was holding her shoes in her hands, there was absolutely no way to pretend like she'd been in his room for any reason other than the truth. She was extremely grateful they didn't know she had no underwear on!

"There's really no way to sneak around this place, is there?" she asked with a grimace.

The four men, bless their souls, didn't even crack a smile or change their expressions in any way. Nor did they bother to respond, since the truth was obvious.

"Okay, I guess I'd better...oomph!"

Dana had no idea what happened, but one moment she was about to walk down the hallway to her room and the next she was picked up and thrown almost upside down. When she finally got her hair out of her eyes and looked up, she'd figured out that Hassan had discovered her absence. He'd simply picked her up, tossed her over his shoulder and was now carrying her back to bed.

A glance at the four men before the door was slammed shut, showed that they were still standing at attention, all with completely blank expressions on their faces. She'd bet money that they started chuckling after the door was slammed shut though!

"Don't you dare touch me you two timer!" she cried out, punching him on the back, the only place she could reach in this undignified position.

He stopped in the middle of his living room and looked back at her. "What the hell are you talking about, woman?"

"Put me down!"

He lowered her gently to the floor, but kept a grip on her arms, not letting her run or hit him as she glared up at him. "Explain yourself!"

"Farida? Your fiancee? How conveniently you forget about the woman who has been waiting patiently to marry you. Does she know that you have no scruples when it comes to sharing yourself with others?"

Hassan looked at her with outrage. "Is that why you were so angry with me two nights ago? Because you thought that Farida and I are engaged?"

"I didn't think anything. She told me the two of you were engaged."

"She's lying. I have never proposed to her, nor will I ever propose to that woman."

Dana listened, but the words took several moments to sink in. "You're not engaged to her?" she asked in a smaller voice, the hope rising to the surface of her anger, letting her see through the red haze of fury she'd been in for the past few minutes. "You're not going to marry her?"

"Of course not!" He put his hands on his hips and glared right back. "If you thought I was engaged, why didn't you come and ask me about it? And more importantly, why did you sleep with me tonight?"

Dana couldn't hold his gaze and her eyes sank to his chest. A very nice, very naked chest with that interesting dent in the middle of it where his rib cage connected. "I didn't really....that is...I suppose that I might have...."

"You couldn't resist me, is that what you're trying to say?" he asked with a satisfied grin and his arrogance came roaring back.

She groaned and was about to turn around and walk out on him but he grabbed her by the arms and held her still. "Dana, with everything you've put me through over the past few weeks, I think I deserve an answer."

"Fine!" she snapped and pulled her arms away. "Yes! I get a little....crazy when you touch me. Okay? Is that what you wanted to hear?"

Hassan didn't say a word. He simply picked her up and tossed her into the middle of the bed. With one knee on the bed, he reached down to her, unclasped the neckline of the dress and pulled it off. "Yes. That's exactly what I wanted to hear you gorgeous, annoying woman!" One moment he was standing above her, the next she was being hauled against him while his body slid into hers. She gasped with surprise when he easily slid into her warmth and she automatically raised her hips to accommodate him better. With her hands against his shoulders, holding on, she cried out with the pleasure he gave her.

Before he allowed the storm to climax though, he stopped and stared down at her. "You're mine, Dana. Say it!"

"Yes!" She cried out and tried to move just that small inch that would take her over but he held her steady. "Yes! I'm yours. All yours!"

With that exclamation, he drove into her, giving her the release she needed so desperately.

When the storm had calmed and her breathing was almost back to normal, Hassan pulled her down, tossing one leg over hers, then promptly fell asleep. Dana stared up at the ceiling, wondering how he could control her body so completely.

She drifted off to sleep herself, snuggling against his warmth since he still hadn't brought the sheet or blanket up to cover them.

Chapter 7

"Looking up places to hide?" Hassan asked, leaning against her office doorway with his arms crossed over his chest.

Dana looked up at him, startled that he would ask such a thing. Especially since he was right on target. "Places to hide?" Why would I be trying to get away and hide?" She tried to look innocent and confused, but she suspected her expression just came across as guilty.

Hassan stepped into her office and leaned down against her desk, holding her eyes with his own intense gaze. "Because you witnessed a guy being murdered while in the subway of New York City and are a witness who could bring down an entire drug cartel since there were others standing by, the deputies of that cartel who seriously want you dead. So now there are several hit men out to try and kill you."

She swallowed painfully. "Several?" Her voice was weak with the realization that more than one person was trying to kill her. She'd know there had been four men at the marketplace, but had convinced herself that it had been only one guy trying to kill her with a multiple pronged approach.

"You have a bounty on your head that's impressive. At least, that's what my sources are telling me."

She slumped back into her chair, unsure what to do now. It was one thing when one guy was trying to get to her. But now there was a competition to kill her among professional hit men? Where could she possibly be safe from that kind of fire power?

"When were you going to tell me?" He sat down in her extra chair and watched her, noting that her face was pale and her eyes becoming frantic.

She bit her lip, trying hard not to cry. "Probably never."

He stared at her hard. "You were just going to leave me?"

Dana didn't like the expression on his face. It was hard. And dangerously blank. "Yes," she admitted, unwilling to lie to him now that he knew the danger he was in. She couldn't complicate the issue by half truths or outright lies any longer.

"And you weren't going to trust me with this kind of information? You weren't going to ask me for help?"

She shook her head.

He tried to remain calm in the face of her distrust but it was difficult. The woman he loved, the one who drove him crazy with her opinions that were so opposite his own but that he wanted in his life for the rest of his days was trying to run away from him and wouldn't even ask him for help. "Why not?"

Dana looked away, unable to watch the anger and hurt on his face. She wanted so much to admit what was in her heart, but she was terrified of what he might say, what is reaction to her feelings for him might be. There was a long silence while she formed her answer. "Because these men are dangerous and I....didn't want you to get hurt," she finally said, hoping the words didn't reveal too much.

Unfortunately, the idea of Hassan getting hit by a bullet meant for her was just too much to bear. She turned back to him and shook her head. "Just let me leave here. I...."

He interrupted her strangled words, finishing her sentence for her. "You don't want me to get hurt."

"Yes," she said, fighting back the tears that formed in her eyes at the idea of anything happening to him.

"And you would become very upset if anything were to happen to me?" It was more of a statement than a question.

"Yes."

"Because you love me."

Her eyes flashed up to his and she cringed, the tears streaming down her face. He knew. She could tell by the expression on his face that he knew the truth. There was no point in denying it any longer, so she nodded slowly.

"And you were going to leave here to take the hit men out of my range."

"Yes," she whispered.

He contemplated what she had said and wondered how he could get through that stubborn brain of hers. She was so beautiful, both inside and out and she matched his passion like no other woman. She was the only person who wasn't afraid of him either. Her frankness and openness were refreshing and sexy as hell. And she was planning to leave him. Because she loved him.

"You can't leave me," he said softly, but with a finality that made the tears flow more quickly. "If you leave, I'll find you."

"You can't."

"I will."

"Why?"

"Because I love you too."

The simple words were spoken so plainly, she wasn't sure if she had heard them correctly. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me."

She shook her head. "No. I think I heard you say that you love me."

He didn't wait any longer. He stood up and moved around her desk, pulling her out of her chair and into his arms. "Damn you woman! I love you and you're making me a mad man by telling me that you're going to leave me and put yourself in danger just to keep me from being in danger. I won't allow it!" With that, he kissed her so thoroughly, she wasn't able to respond for several minutes.

When he finally lifted his head and looked down at her, he was satisfied with the dazed look in her eyes. "So now that we have that out of the way, why don't you tell me the whole story and I can fix this issue for you."

He didn't release her but leaned back against her desk, bringing her between his legs with his hands hooked behind her back.

She shrugged and looked at his chest, her hands fluttering about on his shoulders and arms. "There isn't much to tell. I saw a guy get murdered, now the people who did it want me out of the picture. I even promised not to testify but I guess in their line of business, they tend to be a bit less trusting. Occupational hazard I assume," she said, trying to make a joke about it but it just came across as sad and frustrated. "It's hard to hide from those kinds of people, I'm finding. They have tentacles in so many areas, and talk about a global business! They're everywhere!"

"Is that why the witness protection agency wouldn't take you into their protective custody? Because you refused to testify?"

She shook her head. "No. I was more than willing to be the star witness," she replied, drawing in a shaky breath as the memories came flooding back. She closed her eyes, willing herself to tell him the worst of it. "The marshals I was assigned to were wonderful. They were so amazing and brave and in the end, even they couldn't protect me." A tear dropped from her eyes down her cheek as she remembered the man and woman who had covered her with their weapons firing as quickly as possible while she ran for safety, diving into a truck while they stayed behind. The other agents outside, keeping fire away from her. "The drug cartel guys found me in Wisconsin and there were so many bullets. The marshals, Beth and Joe, they tried to protect me. They were great, teaming up against the hit men who had been sent to get me out of the way. They shouted for me to get into the car, tossing me their keys while they kept the bad guys at a distance. I'd gotten the keys in the ignition and the car started when I looked back, waiting only for Beth and Joe to get in when I turned around. The bad guy was standing over the two of them. They were both shot...." She couldn't go on, the scene in her mind too horrific.

"Shhhh," he said and pressed her head down against his shoulder, patting her back and telling her it was going to be okay. But Dana knew better. It wasn't ever going to be okay. She would be running from this for the rest of her life. There would never be a time when she wouldn't be looking over her shoulder, worried that someone was about to get her.

"When was the trial?" he asked, his hand rubbing her back in an effort to soothe her, reassure her and give her some of his strength. She did so much for him and she'd been trying to deal with this burden all by herself. She needed his help and she'd selflessly tried to find a solution without the resources to do much of anything at all.

She sniffed and tried to get control of herself. She was making a mess of his shirt and her makeup and probably looking like a weak, useless female in the process. "There wasn't one. I disappeared. I had a job as a waitress in Paris for a few months, then I poured drinks in a small town in Whales. I kept on going until I found the open position here with your office on the internet for your government. The rest is history," she explained, smiling a little lopsided.

He watched her for a moment, wondering how she might take his next question. It had to be asked though. "So if you were to go back and be adequately protected, would there be a trial? Was there enough evidence to convict the murderers?"

She immediately pulled out of his arms and backed up, worried about what he might be suggesting. "I can't go back. I can't do that to any other marshal. They were so brave and I feel like I let them down even though I know that's not true. They tried hard to protect me and still, everything fell through. No, I can't do that to any of them again."

He kissed her gently, silencing her with the small gesture. "What about as my wife?"

Dana stilled, horrified at what he'd just said. "Your wife?" she finally gasped and pulled out of his arms.

"Yes. As my wife, you'd be protected twenty-four hours a day, surrounded by body guards who are specially trained to ensure my safety, and that of my family."

She was already shaking her head. "I can't marry you just to stay safe."

"How about because I want you to be with me for the rest of my life, bear my children and drive me absolutely crazy every day?"

She raised shaking fingers to his cheek, touching the roughness and wishing that kind of dream could really come true. "No. Even you can't protect me from those men."

"If they were already in prison, they can't really hurt you, can they?"

She laughed. "I would have to testify before they would be convicted. And that's not going to happen."

He sighed and took her hands in his, ensuring that he had her full attention. "I hate drug dealers. They steal the life out of governments and try to control the people with their poisons. So if getting some of them out of circulation would help, I'm more than willing to ensure your safety in order to accomplish that. And you will be safe, rest assured of that, my love." He put his hands on her shoulders and smiled down into her worried eyes. "I have some different resources that can be brought to bear that might help."

She wasn't sure she wanted to believe him. He was implying that he had different resources than the US Marshals service? What could he possibly have that could beat their entire system of resources and secrecy? "What can you do that the marshals couldn't do?"

He smiled harshly. "All these cartels have someone deep in the government that is basically ensuring their freedom to move about. As the head of my government, I can freeze oil imports to those countries to pressure their governments, I can freeze bank accounts, move my country's money out of their government's banks, which would have a major ripple effect on their economy, adding more pressure. I can have my security detail find the hit men who were hired to eliminate you and ensure that they are....neutralized."

"You mean kill them?" she asked, horrified just at the idea of someone else dying in this crazy situation.

He rolled his eyes at her expression, amazed once again at how innocent she seemed to be about certain issues. How could a woman be so intelligent about politics and business, and yet be so concerned with the lives of killers who were trying to kill her first? "Dana, they were sent to kill you. Why would you be worried about their fate?"

She shrugged and swallowed painfully. "It isn't right to kill anyone. Can't you just....pressure them to go away?"

He chuckled. "I could make it a bit more interesting. How about putting out a contract on anyone who takes up a contract to kill you?"

"No!" she gasped and shook her head adamantly. "No more killing! That's not what this is about!"

He actually laughed at her horrified expression. "You're priceless. You know that the world is a harsh place and yet you're trying to create a rosy, romantic haze."

She bristled at his amusement at her outlook on life. She tried to treat it as just another one of those subjects on which their opinions differed but this was a bit more personal. "I'm not. I just don't think that you should dirty your hands in that way."

He laughed at the idea that she thought his hands were clean. If she thought so, he wasn't going to dissuade her from that possibility, no matter how remote. "Okay, how about this. I'll get a look alike for you to appear in public. That will lure out the hit men. Then my security team can capture them as they try and complete their contract. Would you be opposed to imprisonment for attempted murder?"

She laughed and nodded her head, delighted with that solution. "That sounds much more palatable."

He shook his head and hugged her. "You're going to have to toughen up. The next few months are going to be rough."

"Aren't I going to just hide here in the palace until the trial?"

"Yes. But you're going to be getting ready for a wedding, which will have to be done in the next two weeks. You're also going to have to meet with lawyers over the phone because no one will be allowed to know where you are. They can prepare you for the trial via web conferencing. You'll show up for the trial at a time that is convenient for me."

She cringed at his adamant tone. He didn't realize he was dealing with the United States court systems, which worked at their pace and not someone else's. "I don't think you can do that. I don't know of anyone who can dictate when a trial is going to happen. I've only watched the television shows but it always seems as if the defense lawyers have the ability to push out trial dates to suit their own needs."

Hassan laughed and kissed her gently. "You have no idea what I'm capable of doing, my love. Especially knowing that you might already be carrying my child." He let that sink in for a moment. "It occurred to me a moment ago that I haven't used any protection over the past few days and, since you're pretty new to this, I doubt you were prepared for the eventuality of sexual encounters either, were you?"

Dana listened to his words but it took a long time for their meaning to sink in. Yes, it was entirely possible that she was pregnant. When it finally did, her knees fell out from underneath her and she would have fallen into the floor if Hassan hadn't been prepared to catch her.

"Yep," he said as he swung her up into his arms, hugging her close. "It's going to be an interesting time coming up."

Epilogue

Dana ran a finger over the tiny figure in her arms, still amazed that she had a baby boy only ten months after their marriage. "When your daddy wants to accomplish something, everyone really needs to stay out of the way," she whispered.

Hassan heard her whispered words as he walked into her room. "Does that include you?" he teased, stopping by her bed and looking at his new son and gorgeous wife.

"Absolutely not. I'm the exception to the rule."

"That you are." He bent and kissed his son on the top of his soft, down covered head and kissed his wife, making her sigh with pleasure.

"You certainly were right about bracing myself," she mused, thinking back to the last eleven months. She was married a month after their conversation. The trial had taken place two months after that despite all attempts by the defense to stall the situation, presumably so they could locate the prosecution's star witness and eliminate the threat, the trial still happened on time with all the indicted men ordered to appear with their lawyers. To that effect, there were three hit men who had been captured and were now in prison, serving life sentences for treason in one of Hassan's prisons. Trying to execute the queen was a very bad thing to do in Hassan's country. The people hadn't appreciated anyone coming in and trying to kill the soon-to-be-born heir either so they'd rallied around their new queen and had done their best to keep her safe as well. It had been an amazing outpouring of support that Dana hadn't anticipated.

And just twenty-four hours ago, she'd given birth to an eight pound, three ounce baby boy who had come into the world with a full head of dark, curly hair. Just like his handsome father.

Dana looked up at the man who had given her so much and tried to think of words that were adequate for what she was feeling at the moment. But all she could think about was, "I love you."

"I love you too," Hassan replied, bending down to kiss her gently while his large hand covered his son's sweet head.

