Chapter 1

Each day was getting easier, Sophie Randal thought to herself. This living thing was becoming less agonizing. A few months ago, taking a breath had been difficult. Blinking had hurt because her eyes were too swollen from crying and her heart ached beyond what she'd thought a heart's capacity for pain could endure.

Sophie wiped the sweat absently from her brow before pulling the hydrangea bush more to the left, centered the leaves so they were rounded in the front and then filled in the hole with soil and mulch. "There, that should leave you happy over the winter," she said to the plant, patting the mulch and gently touching the leaves. She sighed contentedly, knowing she had accomplished something today.

She was productive now, not just someone's burden. Looking at the plant, she tucked a stray lock of curly red hair behind her ear absently and, with dark blue eyes that finally sparkled with life again after months of appearing blank, looked around with satisfaction at the newly created landscape she'd been working on all day.

"This is good," she said out loud. "You're all going to be happy and healthy, aren't you?" she said, talking to herself as much as to the plants.

Unfortunately, that feeling of peace and satisfaction was to disappear with the next sound, making her heart freeze in her chest. She felt the shadow only moments before he spoke, sending a shiver down her spine in both fear and anticipation.

"Talking to plants again, Sophie?" a deep voice behind her asked.

Sophie froze as fear and incredulity intruded. It couldn't be! There was no way Jason Randal could have found her. She was even at a client's site instead of her tiny little cottage or the landscaping company's headquarters! How on earth could he have tracked her down to this upper class house in the middle of nowhere?

But then Jason had more resources than any one person had the right to have. He was wealthier than anyone else she knew with an obscene amount of money at his disposal, all personally made. He wasn't the kind of man who had inherited anything. Jason Randal had built up his massive empire by intelligence, amazing determination and, if the news reports were true, merciless strategizing.

So why wouldn't he now use those resources to find her? Unfortunately, Sophie had assumed that he wouldn't. She had, in fact, prayed that he wouldn't. Over the past few months, she had convinced herself that she was too trivial for him to waste the effort and expense. She had been hoping that Jason Randal would just forget that she even existed.

But as she considered that fantasy, she realized that she had obviously been wrong. Incredibly wrong. She'd forgotten one important detail about Jason's personality. Jason Randal didn't like sharing. And as his wife, he would want to make sure she was under his wing and acting appropriately.

Sophie stood up and turned around slowly, hoping and praying that she was wrong and that Jason Randal was not standing two feet behind her. Please let it be some other man who had the same kind of deep, velvet voice that made her insides quiver and her heart speed up with anticipation.

As she turned around, her fears were confirmed. The tall, muscular man that had invaded her dreams every night for the past six months, leaving her breathless and wanting each morning upon waking, was behind her, casually leaning against a wooden fence that was bordered by the pretty purple and yellow pansies she'd planted just an hour ago and looking more handsome than anyone should.

Her throat clenched and her eyes surveyed his broad shoulders, flat stomach and long, muscular legs all encased in a masterfully tailored suit. She knew the suit didn't have any padding in the shoulders. She knew every inch of the man's body intimately. Unfortunately, her traitorous body was reacting to merely the sight of him.

Jason's eyebrow went up, just as she'd remembered him doing whenever she'd amused him in some way. "No words, Sophie? Not even a greeting? How ungracious of you," he said and pushed off the fence to walk towards her. "What are we going to do about your manners?" he considered, taking a stray lock of her fiery red hair and wrapping it around his finger. "Ready to go home, Sophie?"

The last words broke her out of her trance and she reared back, only to be stopped painfully as the hair that was still tangled in his large hand, yanked against her scalp. "What are you doing here, Jason?" she demanded again, unwrapping her hair from his fingers, careful not to touch him in any way. From past experience, she knew that would lead to her wanting him. Humiliatingly, since he could have just about any woman he wanted with a crook of his sexy finger whereas she was a nobody, someone he'd married out of pity.

She raised her face up, determined to not cower around him anymore. She was a new person and she was finished with cowering. She'd done it for twenty-five years but when she'd walked out on her marriage, she decided it was time to stop.

"I am home," she asserted and turned away, determined to walk back to her truck and drive away.

Her retreat was stopped by a steel band that wrapped around her arm, pulling the rest of her body up against his hard frame and Sophie couldn't help but cringe. Seeing the anger in his eyes, the clenched jaw and the nerve that was ticking in his cheek, all her old fears came back to her. "You are my wife!" Jason said. "No wife of mine will be digging around in the dirt."

The spicy scent of his aftershave reached her and she fought hard against her longing for his incredible masculinity. She hated the insecurity that crept into her voice, but she couldn't help it. "I sent the divorce papers already. You should have received them by now," she choked out, wishing she could put just a small amount of space between her body and this angry man holding her. Jason never showed emotion! They had been married for only a short time and never during that entire time had he ever shown her any emotion other than mild amusement. But he was definitely angry now.

Her words only seemed to infuriate him more but he fought for control and won. "Ah, yes. I received them. 'Irreconcilable Differences'," he quoted, referencing the reason she'd stated for the divorce. "But I disagree my love," he replied, one finger sliding sensuously across her cheek to brush against her extremely sensitive earlobe before dropping to her waist again. "I think we can work through whatever differences you perceive as irreconcilable."

"No!" she cried, trying yet again to pull away from him. "Why? Why in the world would you want to stay married to me?" Sophie had heard too many times from her father that her hair was too wild for any respectable man to pay attention to her. The titian curls swirled around her shoulders no matter how hard she tried to subdue them with pins.

Her eyes were pretty, she knew but her skin was too white and her lips too full to be classically pretty, which were the kinds of women Jason used to date before he'd married her. She knew because she'd seen the pictures of those women, smiling in the newspapers as they walked on his arm - elegant, classically beautiful women who were confident and daring, everything she was not.

She was too thin. The only part of her anatomy that showed any sign of femininity was her large bosom which she'd learned over the years to conceal out of shame, a shame that her father had impressed upon her at the first sign of their impending bloom.

"Why wouldn't I?" he said, loosening his hold but not letting her go. "You're my wife."

Sophie's chin went up a notch as she desperately searched for the small bit of confidence she'd gained in the past few months. "You've said that but I won't do it anymore. You married me out of pity and I won't be pitied by anyone!"

Jason's hands dropped down to his sides and his hard, dark eyes looked down at her in surprise. "Pity? Why in the world do you think I married you out of pity?"

Sophie put several feet between them, rubbing her arms together although the early spring afternoon was unusually warm. Nor was it because he'd hurt her arms. Jason would never hurt her. It was more that any touch from Jason burned her skin, melting her insides and making her mind turn from whatever it had been thinking and focus only on him and the heat of his hands or body. It was a dangerous road and one she was determined not to go down. She had pride now. She wasn't going to lose it simply because her traitorous body wanted to melt into his.

"Don't worry about how I know. I just do. You don't have to hide it anymore, Jason. It was very noble of you to marry me after my father's death and show me kindness but I'm okay now. I can survive on my own."

Jason looked around her, down at the ground where the rusty tools were laying and her filthy work gloves were tossed. "Is this what you call surviving?" he demanded. "You gave up on our marriage and the position as my wife in order to live here, in this tiny village and drive that?" He waved to the ancient truck with the other gardening tools in the back.

"Yes!" Sophie claimed, not ashamed of her job or what she chose to drive. She didn't expect him to understand. Jason lived in an enormous mansion with rooms decorated by the best designers, his personal chef cooked extravagant meals for which Jason may or may not be home for, and the rest of his staff waited on him hand and foot, pushing themselves to be noticed by the man who saw everything but handed out praise sparingly because his standards were exacting.

"Don't be ridiculous, Sophie," he scoffed. "I've seen where you live. You have no food and there is barely room for a person to live. That is not surviving!" he claimed.

Her eyes flashed with the news that he had been inside her tiny cottage, investigating the contents enough to know that she didn't even have a carton of milk in the refrigerator at the moment. "It is my choice and you have no right to judge me!"

Jason took several steps towards her, intimidating her despite her intentions not to let him. "You made your choice when you took the vows to be my obedient and faithful wife," he enunciated.

"That makes me sound like I'm a dog," she countered.

He actually smiled and the humor reached his dark, enigmatic eyes. "I can assure you, I definitely don't consider you a dog in any sense."

Sophie hated the feelings his smile created within her. All those silly butterflies kicked into overdrive simply because of his charming smile. "What do you want from me?" she asked, crossing her hands over her chest as if she could shield herself from his charm.

"I want you to get into the car and come back with me, for starters." He didn't pause to see if she would obey; he turned on his heel and moved in the direction of the waiting limousine.

Sophie watched him for about two steps before she gritted out, "No."

That stopped him. Probably because he'd never heard it before. Definitely not from any of his employees and never had Sophie had the courage to say it during their marriage. Jason turned around and raised one dark eyebrow in mild shock as he took in her stubborn stance. "No?" he asked with deadly and terrifying calm.

Sophie didn't like the amusement still in his eyes. She thought a different tactic might be more effective since her current one was only making him angry or amused, she wasn't positive which. Softening her stance, she turned her eyes to pleading, her palms up in the hope that she could make him understand her position. "Jason, our marriage was a farce and you know it. Let's just let it die as it should."

Instantly his lips firmed in anger. "Because I disagree that it is over. And until I agree, I will not grant you a divorce."

Her eyes widened and her whole body recoiled at his statement. "You can't do that!" But she knew he could. He had enough wealth and influence to do just about anything he wanted.

"Don't challenge me on this, Sophie," he said calmly.

"I will," she said although her body was now shivering in fear, both of what he could do to her physically with one touch of his hands, melting her into a ball of sexual desire; and also because Jason never backed down. When he wanted something, he got it. She'd seen it too many times during their short marriage and she'd always prayed she'd never be on the opposite side of Jason Randal.

He didn't respond until he was standing less than an inch from her, his angry, dark blue eyes looking down into her stubborn green ones. "Then you will lose. Get in the car." He didn't ask, he simply commanded and assumed that all his orders would be followed immediately. And why shouldn't he make those kinds of assumptions? All his employees followed his instructions to the letter without any sort of resistance or argument.

She was shivering with impotent anger and fear but still resisted, determined to not lose the small amount of independence she'd gained while being away. "You can't make me." Sophie knew she was playing with fire but couldn't help herself. Getting near him was lethal to her control and possibly her newfound self esteem.

Jason sighed and shook his head. "You think not? Never doubt me, Sophie." Before he even explained his actions, the calm, victorious look in his eyes told her that he'd won. "I've already spoken to your employer and explained that you must resign without notice. I've also..."

"You can't do that!" Her income was gone? That easily? Was it possible? Looking into his steely expression, she knew that it was not only possible, but an incontrovertible fact.

"I can and I did," he stated. "As I said a few moments ago, my wife will not be supporting herself by digging in the dirt! Furthermore, I have spoken to your landlord and bought out the remainder of your lease. If you persist in living there, I will make a very generous offer to your landlord to buy the building, then I will evict you. If you find another place to live, I will do the same," he stated. With each word, he moved closer to her, not letting her retreat or move away from him. "Don't doubt my determination to have you exactly where you belong, Sophie. You are coming home. Now!"

"No!" she cried, feeling trapped because she knew he'd do exactly as he'd stated. Jason never made idle threats.

"Yes," he countered. "Since you are no longer employed, you have no license to drive this vehicle. Your current employer, Henry Wilson, I believe was his name, has agreed to have someone come out and pick up the vehicle later. Now," he said, obviously his patience was at an end, "get into the car."

Sophie fought back the tears. "I hate you," she said with feeling.

"That has yet to be determined," Jason replied mercilessly but he followed her into the back of the waiting limousine.

Chapter 2

Sophie sat in the corner of the soft, comfortable seat and fumed. Crossing her arms over her chest, she glared at Jason as he followed her in. As soon as he was seated, the car moved, heading off in the direction of London.

The silence lasted for about five minutes before Jason spoke into the tense atmosphere. "I'm surprised to find you here. The investigators were looking for you in Europe, Sophie. Very smart of you to hide right under my nose," Jason said but before she could respond, his cell phone rang and he answered it, immediately dismissing her from his mind as he dealt with yet another of the multitude of business details he responded to each day.

She wished she could tell him that she wasn't hiding from him. But she was. She'd run away from him all those months ago when she determined that Jason had only married her out of pity. It hadn't been a guess. Her stepsister Jocelyn had told her that, in no uncertain terms, Jason had found her silly, heartbreaking existence too much to bear and had taken it upon himself to keep her from being a laughing stock after Sophie's father had died.

That afternoon had been devastating for Sophie. From the first moment she'd met Jason, she'd woven fantasies around him. She'd been twenty three when her father had taken her to a ball and had been wearing one of her father's favorite dresses which meant it looked like a funeral dress in Sophie's mind. The long, black dress which covered her from her neck to her ankles, even the long sleeves not showing any skin, was the kind of dress her father thought was appropriate for his daughter.

Sophie remembered seeing Jason across the room and her heart had instantly accelerated. When he'd turned and caught her eye, it was as if a spark of electricity had traveled the length of the room and connected the two of them. He hadn't let her look away as he made his way across the room. But he didn't need to worry that night. As her father made the introductions, Sophie was transfixed by his hard, chiseled face and determined eyes. He was so tall, he practically towered over her by at least seven inches. Her head barely came to his shoulder even in her heels.

But when he took her hand and led her onto the dance floor, she fit into his arms perfectly. The entire dance, she continued to look up at him, thrilled with his handsome looks and feeling other women's eyes on her. When the dance ended, Jason was gentlemanly as he tucked her hand into his arm and led her back to her father's side. He bowed away, smiling and winking at her. That was the last time she saw him until her father's funeral.

Looking back, she'd probably looked like a simpleton that night. Sophie wasn't well versed in the art of flirtation so she knew all her emotions were spread across her face for him and everyone else to see. Sophie shifted in the limousine seat uncomfortably as she thought back to how incredibly naive she'd been. And when he'd shown up at her house after the funeral, it was as if all the loneliness caused by living under her father's harsh eyes just disappeared.

He'd taken her to dinner that night and made her laugh, something she hadn't done a lot of while living under her father's roof. His looks made her feel pretty and feminine. When he walked her to the door that night, he gently kissed her lips, only brushing them softly before pulling away. He proposed on her doorstep that night and Sophie accepted, never considering why a man like Jason would want someone like her after only two meetings. She was too enthralled by the man to question motives.

Sophie sat as far away from him as she could in the limousine on the way back to Jason's house, staring out the window as the car drove smoothly from the small village she had made her home, into London's center. They drove right to the house she'd shared with him for six, lonely months of their marriage. Staring at the huge mansion with so much history, she wondered how she would ever find happiness within these hallowed walls.

Sighing, Sophie got out of the car, not even waiting for the driver to come around and open the door for her. She always hated that custom and she was determined to avoid it whenever she could. She didn't understand it anyway. She was perfectly capable of opening her own door, so why shouldn't she? And if it irritated Jason, then so be it. In fact, all the better, she thought to herself. Maybe she should make that her life's ambition. Perhaps if she irritated him, he would eventually release her from their marriage.

Looking back as he exited the limousine himself, she knew that was a silly plan. Jason had only found amusement with her before. Each time she'd done something silly or what her father would consider inappropriate, Jason would simply wink at her or casually stroll over to kiss her cheek or forehead.

The front door of Jason's house opened before she reached it and the butler, Higgins, went by, bowing as she entered. "Welcome home, ma'am," he said.

Sophie was about to greet him when she heard the female voices somewhere in the house. She sighed heavily and considered hiding in the library which was off to the right. But instead, she squared her shoulders and prepared mentally for battle. She knew it wouldn't be too bad this time since Jason was right behind her. The two, lovely blond women had been the horror of her teen years. Evelyn, who had married Sophie's father, worked hard to make Sophie feel inferior. But her sharp claws were retracted whenever Jason was within hearing distance.

Evelyn and her daughter Jocelyn rounded the corner, both of them laughing about something but they came to a stunned halt as soon as they saw Sophie standing in the front entry hall.

"Good grief, Sophie!" Evelyn said, her perfectly manicured hand moving to her throat, covering the Hermes scarf that fluttered elegantly with the movement. "We didn't know you were coming home or we would have planned a grand celebration with all of your friends and acquaintances." Evelyn stopped talking and took in Sophie's appearance. Her blue eyes widened in horror as she looked at Sophie's filthy jeans and sweatshirt that had definitely seen better days. "What on earth are you wearing, dear?" she asked.

Sophie saw Evelyn's eyes flick to the doorway and the older woman quickly masked her shock. Obviously Jason had just come through the doorway. A bright smile broke onto Evelyn's face but the smile didn't reach her eyes. They were still the cold, icy blue that had always chilled Sophie with their hatred. "No matter, dear. We'll get you cleaned up and throw those silly things away. Won't we, Jocelyn?"

Jocelyn, with all of her perfect, blond beauty, smiled smugly and nodded. Jocelyn hadn't quite mastered her mother's ability to hide her hatred but obviously Jason was oblivious.

Sophie kept herself from shrinking when Jocelyn moved towards Sophie saying, "Absolutely. Don't worry about a thing, Jason, dear. We'll take care of dear Sophie for you. Just leave it to us," she said and hooked her arm in Sophie's.

"Thank you, ladies, but I think Sophie and I have some things to discuss, if you don't mind. Perhaps the transformation could wait a few more minutes?" he suggested, a charming smile on his face as he looked to Evelyn and Jocelyn, his gaze never straying to Sophie, as if saying she didn't really have a choice in the matter.

Evelyn and Jocelyn didn't take the not so subtle hint. Evelyn's laughter trilled shrilly in the large, wooden foyer as they continued to lead Sophie towards the stair case. "Don't be a bore, Jason. You probably have some very important matters to discuss but you need to let Sophie arm herself with an acceptable outfit. A woman must always look her best, shouldn't she?"

Without another word, Jocelyn pulled Sophie along to the stairs where the two women talked to each other about what Sophie should be doing and speculating on where she had been since she'd left. None of the questions were directed towards her so she simply followed along unwillingly, caught in their trap.

Chapter 3

The women chattered away as they made their way up the stairs, coming up with silly stories to justify Sophie's disappearance and sudden reappearance. But as soon as they rounded the corner, Jocelyn immediately dropped Sophie's arm and stood back, her hands on her hips as her eyes turned angrily on Sophie. "What on earth possessed you to re-enter Jason's life, Sophie?" she demanded as soon as they were out of hearing range. She didn't wait for a response though. Without another word, both women hustled Sophie down the long hallway and into the blue and silver room she'd occupied while married to Jason.

Jocelyn and Evelyn busied themselves with dissecting her pathetic wardrobe and tossing clothes aside. Neither one of them paid any attention to Sophie who just stared as if transfixed by the image in front of her.

It was her bed.

There was a connecting door to his room, but she'd never ventured into that domain. She knew what it looked like since she'd peered in curiously one day when the door was open. Instead of her going to him each night, he'd come to her. And, each night, he would make love to her until her senses were so filled with only him, she couldn't think about anything else. Not the loneliness or the horrible attitudes of her stepmother and sister or the boring social function they'd just left. Jason had been the ultimate lover. Of all the things that had gone wrong with their marriage, sex would definitely not be on the list. In fact, he merely had to touch her and her whole body would melt into his arms and quiver with desire. There had never been any denying of Jason. Her body just wouldn't let her.

Evelyn finally realized that Sophie was no longer paying attention to their spiteful comments and grew irritated. "Sophie! What are you doing just standing there? You know Jason is waiting for you. Are you so inconsiderate as to keep him waiting?" Evelyn snapped, her perfectly made up face showing her annoyance.

The harsh words, so undeserving since she'd been pulled up here against her will, broke through to her consciousness and she was able to snap out of her fascination with her bed and all of its memories. Sophie finally looked over at the woman who had entered her life almost ten years ago. It had been horrible from the beginning. But no more. It was time to start standing up for herself. She'd only been gone for what now seemed like a short period of time, but she'd learned a great deal about herself in that period of time. That she was a survivor. And that she didn't have to take the abuse others dished out. She could push back.

"Thank you very much for your assistance, Evelyn, but I think I can handle changing clothes on my own," she said, hoping the two women didn't hear the tension in her voice.

Jocelyn snickered, her unladylike noise earning her a sharp look from her mother. But Jocelyn ignored the look, preferring to remain focused on Sophie instead of her own transgressions. "Of course you can't, dear. That's why Jason is always shuddering whenever he sees your ridiculous clothes." Jocelyn spoke those biting words and made sure they hit their mark before turning back to Sophie's closet, satisfied with the pale look she'd instigated. "None of these are terribly flattering but what can you expect with that god-awful red hair and white skin? We'll just have to do our best."

Sophie gritted her teeth but wouldn't give in. "I'm sure you both have only my best interests in mind," she said sarcastically, "but I requested that you leave my bedroom." She looked at both women's startled expressions with satisfaction. "Immediately," she reinforced when both of them just stood there.

Jocelyn was the first to give in. She shrugged her shoulders and let the dress she'd been holding fall to the floor. "If you're going to be ungrateful, then I'm just not going to stand here and take your abuse, Sophie." And without another word, she walked out of the room, her head held high, glaring at Sophie the whole time.

Sophie watched Jocelyn leave then turned back to face Evelyn. She knew it wouldn't be as easy to get rid of this one.

"Don't even try to start in on that evil attitude with me, Sophie. I'm older and deserve more respect than what you have recently been handing out. So just drop the attitude and get over here to let me help you choose something presentable."

Sophie was terrified, wondering if Evelyn would start the old tirades and accusations her father used to dole out. If she did, Sophie might not be able to stand tall but she was going to try. "Evelyn, I neither asked for nor need your assistance. I am a grown woman, fully capable of directing my own movements and making my own choices."

"That's debatable," Evelyn said but she carefully put the dress back in the closet where it had been hanging originally. Then she slowly walked across the room to face Sophie. "You know, you really should have stayed gone. Things have changed around here. For the better. Jocelyn is just about to win a proposal out of Jason so you'd better face the facts. Your days here are numbered." Evelyn's face recognized the direct hit to Sophie's floundering self-esteem and drove the bullet home. "You didn't know? Of course, dear. Jason and Jocelyn have been quite a hit while you've been out of the picture." She looked speculatively at Sophie for a long moment. "Maybe that's why Jason retrieved you," she thought out loud. "So he could officially get rid of you. Interesting," she said, her long, manicured finger tapping against her upper lip.

Sophie was hurt but tried to hide it. She hated the idea of Jason falling in love with the cold, calculating Jocelyn who only wanted the prestige of Jason's name and wealth. Jocelyn would never feel anything for Jason and, despite the fact that she hated him, she didn't think he deserved Jocelyn's mercenary affections. Letting Evelyn know how she felt would be emotional suicide though. She raised her chin slightly and turned away from the older woman's intent stare, hoping Evelyn didn't see through the bravado. "Since I filed for divorce a month ago, you might get your wish sooner, rather than later," Sophie said and turned her back on Evelyn's triumphant expression.

Evelyn let out a gasp of delight. "You did?" she exclaimed, her eyes wide with surprise. The surprise melted into victory within moments and she pulled herself together, breathing a heavy sigh of relief. "Well, that makes this whole mess much better. No wonder you're back. You just want to clean things out." Evelyn dusted off her hands as if she had something filthy on them instead of just the slight amount of dust that could have accumulated in such a short period of time. Turning to Sophie, she smiled brightly. "I'll leave you to your work, then."

Sophie waited until the woman was out of the room before carefully closing the doors. When she had complete privacy, only then did she rush over to the bed and fall onto the satin covers, letting the tears fall without trying to stop them. It would have been a futile effort anyway. She was too angry and frustrated to have her newfound freedom taken away yet again.

This was the second time Jason had done this to her, she thought. Both times, he'd cornered her with his overwhelming presence and charm and she'd fallen for it. How could she be so weak? The first time had been a few days before their wedding. Jason had taken her to one of the bridal boutiques to help her find a dress. She'd been gently touching the soft, beautiful fabric when she turned to find him looking at her oddly.

She asked him at that point why he was marrying her. He walked over to her and simply said, "Because it makes perfect sense." It hadn't been what she'd wanted to hear at the time, but she was too overcome by feelings when he bent down to kiss her passionately, right in the middle of the store, leaving her flustered and forgetting what she'd been asking herself.

Of course, this time was slightly different. She hadn't asked and he hadn't kissed her senseless when the question of their marriage came up. This time, he'd simply ordered her into the car. And here she was. This time though, she was overcome with anger instead of desire.

Sophie pulled herself up to a sitting position, hating herself for giving in to the tears. At least they were tears of frustration instead of the tears she'd shed because of sadness, loneliness and a fear that Jason would never love her the way she loved him.

Looking around, her eyes touched on the ornate clock sitting on her bedside table. She realized that she had to hurry downstairs for her talk with Jason but then recognized what she was doing and slowed down. She was not going to rush simply because that man, no matter how gorgeous and sexy he was, was waiting on her. He could simply wait. She was not a servant; she was his wife, albeit an unwilling one.

She looked around at the silver and blue room that was the height of fashion and elegance and hated it. After living on her own, she realized that she liked warm greens and yellows rather than this elegant, coldness. And she hated satin. She slid off the bed and onto the floor, despising the fabric as much for its impracticality as much as for the discomfort it caused when she slid all over the bed.

Picking up the dress Jocelyn had dropped on the floor, she hung it back up in the closet. None of her clothes were very nice, she remembered. Her father had never allowed her to wear bright colors so almost every piece was in black, gray or tan. She picked up a tan jumper and matched it with a white turtleneck shirt, wishing she could just pull on a comfortable pair of jeans instead.

After dressing, she looked at her image in the full length mirror and groaned. She was back to being woodwork, she thought. The shirt covered her neck and the tan jumper, although made of the best wool fabric money could buy, was as non-descript as it could possibly be and two sizes too large. That wasn't because of her recent lack of food, she knew. It was simply because her father had never allowed her to buy anything that actually fit her. He thought she was trying to be promiscuous if she even suggested buying something that would fit correctly. Most of her clothes were so big that she'd have to roll up the sleeves to keep them out of the way. And she'd never even considered buying something that didn't come down to at least her mid calves.

Sophie shook her head and accepted that this was the best that she could do under the circumstances. Her red hair was pulled back into a neat braid that she then pinned to the back of her head out of habit. Another trait from her father. He had hated it whenever he'd seen her with her titian hair hanging down her back. So she'd gotten into the habit of pinning it up before leaving her room each morning.

Putting the last pin into her hair, she shuddered, remembering her father's painful words, "Red hair is the sign of the devil and I won't have that in my household! You won't be promiscuous, Sophie! I won't allow it," he'd yelled on several occasions.

She made her way back downstairs, grateful that she didn't run into Evelyn or Jocelyn again. Both would just sneer at her appearance as they'd always done, then surreptitiously smooth their already perfect suit or dress more perfectly over their hips, pointing out to Sophie that she just didn't have what it took to be fashionable.

Sophie walked into the library, expecting to find Jason there waiting for her. But she only found the butler adjusting the books on a shelf. "Higgins, excuse me. Could you tell me where Jason is?"

Higgins bowed slightly. "Of course, ma'am. He is in the solarium waiting for you," he explained.

"Thank you," she said and turned to the back of the house. She considered going through the servants hallways in an effort to avoid her stepmother and stepsister but then refused. It was something she'd done growing up with her father in the hopes that he wouldn't see her and start in on some other perceived fault of hers. She wouldn't do that anymore, she told herself.

Walking into the solarium, she looked around and spotted Jason immediately. He was standing next to a small grouping flowers, watching the door so he could see her immediately. "Nice of you to join me," he said softly and waited for her to come fully into the room. "Would you like a cup of tea?" he asked. "Or perhaps some sherry?"

"No, thank you," Sophie replied and went to stand on the opposite side of the garden. She could still easily see him but at least there were some obstacles in the way to fend off his tactics of intimidation.

Jason understood what she was doing and smiled slightly. "Afraid of me?" he asked, raising one eyebrow.

"Yes," she stated but raised her chin up slightly in defiance of her own fear. "What do you want from me?" she asked, one hand reaching out absently to delicately touch a leaf.

Jason eyed her over the tops of the plants. "There are many things I want from you. Would you like me to start listing them?"

Sophie swallowed, terrified of the answer but needing to know what he expected regardless of his response. Forearmed is forewarned, she told herself. "Yes, please."

"So polite," he commented and started walking towards her. Sophie was so mesmerized by his eyes holding hers that she forgot to move away from him. "For one, I'd like you in my bed."

She blinked at the blunt answer and suppressed the quiver in her mouth. "Impossible," she stated emphatically.

Her response caused him to smile slightly. "Sophie, you should know by now that nothing is impossible for me," he replied calmly, moving several steps closer. "Sometimes improbable, but never impossible. And we both know from past experience that the odds of you being in my bed tonight, with me, with your arms around me and both of us finding pleasure in each other's bodies is not only possible, but probable."

Sophie held her breath, wishing her body wouldn't betray her like this. But already, she was feeling the magnetic pull as he came closer and closer to her. "No," she whispered as much for herself as an answer to his comment. Could he hear her heartbeat race? She certainly hoped not.

Jason's eyebrow went up again at her response. "As for that, we'll test my theory later, won't we?" Without waiting for an answer, he moved on to his next request. "I would also like you gracing my dinner table."

This was safer ground and she took in a deep breath, glad that they were off of the dangerous topic of sexual relations. "Why?"

Her response actually stopped his forward momentum. "Why?" he asked, surprised at her question. "Why not? You are my wife."

"Why don't you find yourself a more willing wife? Jocelyn for example. I know for a fact that Jocelyn would love to be married to you."

His face was emotionless as he replied, "But I already have a willing wife. Why would I want another one?"

"I'm not willing!" she asserted.

He glanced down at his watch, his face impassive as he noted the time and slipped his perfectly tailored shirt back. "As I mentioned before, we'll test that out tonight. But as a matter of fact, I have to go. I'm sorry to leave you on your first day back but I had a call when you were upstairs and must head back to the office."

"Why doesn't that surprise me?"

He ignored her sarcasm this time. "But please be ready tonight at six thirty. We must go out. Dress up," he said a moment before he reached the door. "And Sophie, don't make me go searching for you again. You won't like the consequences."

Chapter 4

Sophie stared at his retreating back and fought back fresh tears. She hated him. She wished she didn't but she knew that she really did.

She didn't follow him but she wanted to yell back at him, demanding him to release her from this marriage but she knew him and he would just be amused at her tantrum.

She spent the rest of the afternoon in the garden, walking through the plants and surveying what the gardener had done in her absence. It was springtime and all the buds were just starting to open up from the ground. Sophie had always loved this time of the year. It had always given her promise of a new start, better possibilities. And it had also been easier to escape her father's anger out here. The winters had been difficult since she might have been trapped inside for days when the weather was too cold to go out into. Those were miserable days and she shuddered at the memories of how terrifying her father could be at times.

At five o'clock, she sighed and went back inside, deciding it was time to start changing for the evening. She would have to give in to his demands for a while until she could convince him that both of them would be better off separated. She didn't understand why he wanted her. It had been that way from the beginning, she thought as she showered and pulled on one of her black evening gowns.

As she pulled her hair back into a braid again, she wondered why Jason had been so insistent that afternoon at her father's funeral when he'd asked her to dinner that evening. It had been a painfully cold morning and the minister's voice had droned on and on. Sophie hadn't minded though. All she'd felt was a mild sense of frustration as she anticipated her freedom. Perhaps her marriage was God's vengeance on her for being happy to have escaped from her father's constant anger through death. But there was no denying the feelings coursing through her that day. The actual funeral had been disturbing as she searched herself for some sign of sadness over the death of her father. The sun had been shining onto her hair but it never broke through the day to warm up the air.

The only moment that really got to her was when she noticed the minister's nod which was her signal to take some dirt and throw it onto the slowly lowering coffin. At that point, she'd felt a pang of regret, of pain since she'd never been what her father had wanted her to be. She'd tried, so desperately hard. But it seemed the more she tried, the more he yelled.

One time, she'd been about twelve at the time, she supposed, Sophie had been so devastated by her father's cruel words about her red hair that she'd snuck upstairs to her room and cut it short. When she'd appeared at the dinner table that night, her father had almost been apoplectic at her appearance and his words became even more cruel, demanding to know the man she was trying to sleep with and asking her why she was such a slut. Since Sophie had barely been a pre-teen at the time, she had been devastated, horrified at the questions he was asking of her, some of which she hadn't really understood.

That was the day she'd started hiding her hair in a braid, pinned to her head. It seemed to pacify him somewhat, when he didn't have so much of her hair to view. Initially it had been difficult since she had thick, titian hair that eventually grew down her back in springing curls. But she'd learned to use products that would smooth out the fly away strands and hide the color as much as possible.

The morning of the funeral, she'd considered leaving her hair down but years of the habit had her pulling it back and capturing it in the normal fashion although she didn't bother to smooth it as much as she used to.

It was odd but that afternoon, after the reading of the will which told her that Jason Randal was now the executor of her father's will, Edward Brandon never allowing a woman to have control of his assets, that she'd finally let her hair down.

She'd been in the solarium and the pins had ached. The tension of the morning had probably made things worse, she thought. Thinking she was alone, she pulled the pins out as she sat in the afternoon sunshine, then let her fingers play with the curls as she considered what she was going to do with the rest of her life. She had no money and even the house she'd lived in since she was born was now controlled by a man she'd only met twice before, once at a dinner party she'd attended with her father and again that morning.

Both times had really shocked her. All her life, she'd listened to her father tell her that she was promiscuous. Never in her life had she really looked at a man and had sexual thoughts until Jason Randal had entered her life. The first time, she'd seen him dancing with a woman across the room and her eyes had been drawn to him for the rest of the evening. Despite the fact that he kept catching her watching him, Sophie was unable to stop looking for him through the crowd. When he asked her to dance later that evening, she had been floating on air. He was so tall and muscular and his smile melted her heart, sending butterflies fluttering in her stomach. He had danced with her, holding her small hand in his and made her laugh and feel feminine and amusing.

The dance had ended too soon and Jason had done the gentlemanly thing and brought her back to her father's side. Edward hadn't even acknowledged her but had instantly started discussing the latest business deal they were working on together between their companies. She didn't mind though. It gave her more time to listen to his deep voice that felt like velvet smoothing across her skin. She loved the sound and stared up at him with undisguised fascination.

The second time she'd seen him had been after her father's funeral. He'd come back to the house along with the rest of the guests and had helped her make sure the reception moved smoothly. Sophie suspected that he thought she would be devastated. But years of being drilled in her hostessing duties had enabled her to move about the room, ensuring that the catering staff had all the glasses filled, the food was constantly replenished and that the coats were removed to the upstairs nicely. It wasn't until the reception was almost over that he caught her arm and pulled her to the side. "You're supposed to let others wait on you, Sophie. Not the other way around," he'd explained. "Are you okay?"

The concern in his eyes flustered her and all she could do was nod her head in response. She tried to move away to check on the kitchen but he held her there, one hand at the small of her back as he pulled her through the rooms, talking with the guests and introducing her to several of her father's acquaintances. She was too shy that afternoon to talk but for the first time, she felt like she was a part of the party.

Her father's solicitor read the will immediately after the reception and that was when Sophie's sense of freedom disappeared. As the bespectacled, stern man read the words of her father, she shrunk more and more into the large leather chair, wishing she could just fade into the woodwork again.

It was humiliating. Everything, all her father's money and assets were hers but she had to marry in order to use any of it. And even then, the assets would only be transferred to her husband. She would never see any of it. If she didn't marry within the year, all of it would convert to a charity designated by her father.

She pushed the memories aside and came back to the present, not wanting to remember how gullible she'd been that day. It was too painful. Sophie groaned at her appearance, smoothing down the black, crepe dress. She added a set of pearls to offset some of the blackness but it didn't help her complexion which looked pale and drawn.

Rubbing her hand over her hair, she considered letting her hair loose, just to add some color to her appearance but then thought against the idea. Too many years of hurtful comments about her hair color wouldn't allow her to display it. Maybe she could color it, she thought. Perhaps a soft brown? Would it help her? The idea had appeal and she pushed it to the back of her mind to consider later.

Walking down the stairs, she braced herself for more of her stepmother and stepsister's comments about her appearance. But the only person she found in the sitting room where Higgins directed her was Jason. He was leaning against the mantle, obviously waiting for her to enter.

"Good evening, Jason," she said formally, her breath catching in her throat as she took in how handsome he looked in his tuxedo.

"Why so formal?" he asked, walking over to the table containing drinks and poured her a glass of sherry.

She shrugged her shoulders slightly. "It just seemed appropriate."

He walked over to stand in front of her but didn't hand the crystal glass to her. "Appropriate would be this," he said and bent down to kiss her gently. He didn't wait for her to respond though. He pulled back quickly and handed her the small glass of sherry.

Sophie had no choice but to accept the glass but her hands shook as their fingers touched and she glanced quickly up at him to see if he noticed. Of course he did and she gritted her teeth, determined to hide her body's reaction to him somehow.

Walking quickly away, she made it to one of the velvet sofas and sank gratefully onto the edge, perched apprehensively as she watched him move back to the mantle. "What is tonight's event?"

"We're invited to Dorothy McCay's house for dinner."

"Just the two of us?" she asked hopefully.

"No. I don't believe Dorothy has ever had an intimate dinner gathering. I expect there will be several other people in attendance tonight."

Sophie didn't respond but looked down at her glass. She took a tentative sip, wondering if she still hated sherry as much as she used to. Smothering her grimace at the sweet wine, she turned away and started walking around the room, touching a statue, looking at a painting but not really seeing anything. She could feel Jason's eyes on her and it made her nervous.

"What have you been up to lately?" she asked, just to break the silence.

"Do you really care?" he asked, back to leaning against the mantle again as he watched her prowl the room, picking up small knick-knacks placed on the tables.

Sophie's eyes snapped up to his. "Of course," she said. "I've always been fascinated by what you do. I read the article in the paper just last week about how there is a potential takeover that might turn hostile. Why is that?"

She noticed the pleased look in his eyes and wondered about it. Did he really think she was so self-centered that she wouldn't care about what he did during the day? She had constantly scoured the newspapers each day in an effort to find out what his work. Earlier it had been her feeble attempt to engage him in conversation at dinner but over the then lately, not being around him for so long and aching with the need to be near him but denying herself, it had been just her small, pathetic way to stay close to him in some way.

"Because they think they are going to lose control of their company."

"But, isn't that what usually happens? Didn't they approach you to suggest the sale in the first place?" She felt a little silly when he raised his eyebrow at her comment.

"You surprise me, Sophie. If I didn't know better, I'd think you actually do care."

Sophie flushed under his cynical gaze. "Just because I'm not qualified to actually do the work, that doesn't mean I'm not interested in business," she asserted.

"Why do you think you're not qualified?" he asked softly.

Sophie turned her back on him, feeling hurt that he would force her to enumerate her faults. "You know I'm not very business oriented," she said.

"That's not what your boss told me," he said.

Sophie glanced back at him. His face looked grim and she could see a vein on his forehead throb slightly. Was he actually angry at the mention of Harry Smith? She had started working for him a week after she'd left Jason's house. Over the past several months, she'd offered several suggestions for improving the growth of his landscaping company. "Really?" she said, a small smile on her face. "What did he say?"

Jason walked over to stand in front of her. "That you'd helped him increase the business by almost ten percent over the last three months. That he didn't think you would really resign without notice. And I can tell you he was pretty upset when I reinforced your resignation with the information that I was your husband."

Sophie felt slightly winded with his words but she focused on the one thing she could hold onto. "Ten percent?" she parroted. "That's great. I'm glad for Harry. He's a good man."

Jason just looked down at her, the nerve was now very visible and very angry looking. "I think we should leave now," he finally said, walking away from her. She flinched when he slammed his glass down on one of the wooden tables as he passed.

Sophie was glad for the breathing space and followed him out to the hallway where Higgins already had their coats ready. Jason took hers from the butler and helped her into it and Sophie felt his warm hands close over her shoulders, his grip firm before he let his hands drop. She looked up into his eyes, confused since he'd never touched her outside the bedroom before.

"Ready to leave?" he asked over her shoulder, his voice husky and very close to her ear.

Sophie was so aware of him, of his heat radiating through her clothes and his strong muscular body behind hers, all she could do was nod in the affirmative.

He ushered her out of the house and into the waiting car.

The lights were bright at Dorothy McCay's house. It was an imposing mansion in the heart of London and there were already several people heading towards the entrance. Sophie and Jason followed a line of approximately ten other people before greeting their hostess.

"Goodness!" Dorothy exclaimed as soon as she saw Sophie. "We thought you had fallen off the face of the earth, dear," she said, air kissing Sophie's cheeks. Dorothy was in her late forties but looked to be much younger. Probably due to several surgeon's talents, Sophie thought to herself as she took in the perfectly made up face and glamorous red dress that hugged her body and all its flattering angles.

"It is good to see you again, Dorothy," Sophie said insincerely. Sophie didn't really dislike Dorothy. The widow had never been overtly cruel to her. But Sophie always suspected that Dorothy wanted husband number four and looked to Jason to fill that position.

"And you! We were so delighted when we heard that you would be attending our little get together tonight. Jason must be thrilled that you're rejoining circulation," she said and immediately turned to greet the next couple.

Sophie and Jason moved off to speak with the other guests. It was more appropriate to say that Jason moved off and guided Sophie with him. He always tried to include her in the conversations, but Sophie was usually too intimidated to speak. It was the same tonight. While she sipped her wine, Sophie listened intently to the conversation Jason was having with another man about some sort of business deal they were having. She suspected that there were subtle undertones to each of the sentences but she didn't understand them at all. A few minutes later, Jason moved off to the next group of people but Sophie stopped him.

"What was that all about?" she asked.

Jason looked down at her, taking a sip of bourbon. "What do you mean?"

She didn't even pretend disinterest this time. She was too curious. "I mean, there seemed to be much more going on than a casual conversation about fishing between the two of you back there."

"Do you think so?" he asked, looking down into her blue eyes. "What makes you say that?"

Sophie was exasperated. "Look Jason, if you don't want to tell me about what is going on, that is fine with me. But why did you drag me back here? It certainly couldn't be to decorate your arm."

"Why not?"

Sophie sensed his confusion although they appeared to the rest of the room as if they were just having a small conversation between husband and wife. She smiled up at him to increase that perception. "Because I'm not the raving beauty that could do the trick," she replied, wishing it wasn't true.

His eyes snapped to hers, then traveled down to her full, red lips. "I beg to differ," Jason said only a moment before another couple moved over to greet them.

Sophie was too stunned from his quick comment to do more than go through the usual dinner chit-chat. Jason thought she was a beauty? She looked up at his incredibly handsome face with its smoothly shaven jaw, intense dark eyes that smiled at whatever the other couple had just said. He glanced down at her curiously but then turned his attention right back to the other couple.

She must have misunderstood, she told herself, sighing inwardly. It would be nice to be considered beautiful, but it just wasn't in the cards. She had pale, white skin and obnoxious red hair that curled out of control in every direction when it was not controlled with pins and hair spray. Raving beauty? Sophie almost shook her head in regret. No, she would never be a stunning beauty. She had settled a long time ago for 'not ugly'.

Dinner was a trial. She looked at the name tags on the place settings and almost stomped her foot in frustration. She was at the opposite end of the table from Jason. But why should that bother her? She didn't want to be near him, did she?

She thanked the man next to her who pulled out her chair and seated herself. The man introduced himself as Frank Warhol, a banker from New York City. The man to the left of her was Dennis Andrews, who mentioned something about real estate but she didn't listen to the whole tale since it went on and on.

As course after course was served, Sophie started to relax somewhat. The wine was delicious and she drank more of it than she probably should have. But each time she glanced down to the end of the table, she saw Jason deep in conversation with the other people around him.

She refused to be a wall flower any longer so summoning up all the courage she had managed to build within herself in the short months while she'd lived on her own, she turned to smile at Frank who immediately smiled back and went into some very interesting stories about life in New York City. The whole end of the table was laughing by the end of his story about children trying to "squeegee" his windshield. Apparently, the kids made money by cleaning the windshields of drivers but when it happened three or four times in a one mile period, he had become frustrated. He sounded like a very nice man who cared a great deal about his city.

The man to her right wasn't as humorous, but it was flattering that he attempted to talk to her so often. She felt a warm glow as the man told her about his properties in Scotland and Whales. As he spoke, she sipped her wine and nibbled at each course of food placed in front of her and she pretended like the two men were actually vying for her attention by trying to come up with the more humorous or interesting story. She knew it wasn't true, but it was such a nice fantasy, she let herself dream a little longer. By the time dessert was served, she felt warm and happy. If the candles danced a little too much, she didn't really care.

As the party adjourned to the drawing room for coffee and more conversation, she was flattered when both Dennis and Frank tried to take her hand to escort her into the drawing room.

"That will not be necessary," a deep voice said from behind the three of them.

Sophie turned and smiled dreamily up at Jason who stood several inches taller than both men. "Hello, Jason. Did you like the fish?" she asked.

Both Frank and Dennis chuckled softly although Sophie didn't understand the joke.

"Thank you, gentlemen, but I think I can escort my wife myself," he said. Was it just Sophie's imagination or did he put extra emphasis on the word 'wife'?

Regardless, both men backed away from her immediately and Jason pulled her arm through his. Sophie was so relaxed, she leaned against his strong arm and sighed. Fifteen minutes later, she no longer felt very relaxed. In fact, she was feeling very hot and uncomfortable. Jason had his arm around her waist and his thumb was rubbing against her side. He also had her plastered against the side of his body and wouldn't let her put even an inch of space between them.

She tried to listen to the couple in front of them but had to put the coffee cup down onto the table beside her. It was rattling too much because her hand was shaking. Jason had moved his hand to her neck and casually rubbed the tense muscles, every once in a while, his finger touched her ear lobe as if by accident, but Sophie knew from experience that Jason knew exactly where to touch her to make her shiver. And he was doing it now.

This was very odd since Jason had never touched her in public before. First at the house while putting her coat on and now this, with several people looking on. It was a very odd experience and one that Sophie was unable to move away from, even if she wanted to. But she knew she didn't want to. No matter what had been wrong with the rest of their lives, Jason had been able to make her resistance melt with just a simple touch. Right now, her body was on fire for him and all he was doing was touching her neck and ear lobe.

She supposed she was smiling at all the appropriate times during the conversation because the woman was not slowing down. Sophie knew the older woman was describing her grandchildren's latest antics but if tested, Sophie would be hard pressed to even remember the names, much less any incident the woman was relating.

"Please excuse us, Maltilda," Jason said once the woman stopped to take a breath. "I can see that my wife is feeling tired and I should be getting her home to bed," he said with a gracious smile.

"Yes, of course. I can see that she's overly tired." And without another word, Matilda pulled her husband along to discuss her grandchildren with another couple.

"I'll make our excuses to Dorothy. Can you wait here?" he asked, looking down into her eyes.

Sophie understood his message and it terrified her. "No, I'm not ready to leave," she said nervously.

"Yes, you are," he replied firmly. Without another word, he moved off to speak with Dorothy McCay who immediately walked over to where Sophie stood, rooted to the floor.

"Sophie, it was so nice to see you again. I'm grateful you were able to make it tonight. Frank and Dennis are still talking about you," she said with an odd look on her face. "Whatever did you talk about during dinner?" she asked.

Sophie was almost wringing her hands in nervousness as to why Jason wanted to leave so quickly. So she couldn't remember anything that was said during dinner although less than an hour had passed since they'd all left the dining room. "Oh, this and that," she finally said.

Dorothy was not convinced but she relented at Jason's obvious impatience to leave. Sophie wanted to stay but she also noticed other people getting up and saying their goodbyes as well. It became obvious to her that anything less than leaving would seem odd.

They drove home in the car in silence, Sophie sitting as far away from Jason as she could get. She didn't want him touching her anymore, afraid of where it might lead now that they were alone. It had been detrimental to her concentration while surrounded by acquaintances in a brightly lit living room. It would be devastating to her resolve to stay out of Jason's arms if he touched her in the darkness of the car.

As soon as the car slid to a stop in front of the house, Sophie rushed out of the car and up the stairs to the relative safety of her own room. She breathed a sigh of relief when she was able to close the door and lean against it.

Looking up at the ceiling, she wondered what Jason thought of her hasty departure but then told herself she didn't really care. She looked up at the ceiling that was painted with a heavenly scene filled with cherubs in ice blue with silver wings dancing on clouds with golden rays of sunshine. She wished she could be that carefree. If only Jason loved her and she felt confident in that love.

But Jason was only her husband and obviously he didn't love her. Why had he married her, she wondered. Besides pity, she thought as she carefully unclasped her pearl necklace and walked across the room to her dressing table.

Odd, she thought. Her dressing table was missing her brush and mirror. Perhaps someone had just cleaned things up after she left.

Pulling the zipper down on her dress, she walked over to the closet to hang it up. But as soon as she opened the doors, she gasped in the shock of what she was seeing. Her entire closet was empty. Rushing over to the dresser drawers, she pulled open one drawer after another but they were all empty.

"They have been moved into their proper place, Sophie," Jason's deep voice said from behind her.

She swung around, holding her dress in place since it was unzipped. "What are you talking about?" she demanded.

He pushed away from the door jamb he'd been leaning against and walked over to her. "I mean, your clothes and all your toiletries have been moved into our bedroom. We will no longer sleep in separate rooms."

"Why?" she asked, her breath catching in her throat as she felt his warm fingers lightly brush the bare skin her open zipper revealed.

"That's an odd question for a wife to ask. Most married couples share a room. It was never my intention to not do that in the beginning. Over the past few months, I've realized that I'd made many mistakes. This time, I'm going to correct them. Starting with sharing a room like a normal married couple," he said and took her hand to lead her into the adjoining room.

"Jason, I thought you wanted your own room," she said, pulling back from his hand. But he wouldn't release her hand. When she wouldn't move, he just put a firm hand to the small of her back and guided her into the next room. "Why are you afraid to move into the other room, Sophie?"

"I just don't understand what you want from me?" she said desperately, digging her heels in and refusing to move. She looked up into his handsome face and squared her shoulders. "If all you need is a wife, then find a willing one."

Jason looked down into her stormy eyes with an inscrutable expression. "I think I have one. Would you care to put that to the test?"

"I'm not!"

"Are you challenging me?" he demanded, one hand coming to touch the rapidly beating pulse at the base of her throat. "You know how much I love a challenge, Sophie."

She stepped back but his hands grabbed her, refusing to let her step out of his reach. "Jason, this is ridiculous!"

His eyes turned angry at that point. "No, Sophie! What is ridiculous is you running away from our marriage without any notice or reason and not telling anyone where you could be found, not calling to let anyone know that you are okay. Do you know what you put the staff through?"

The first part of his words started to sink in but the last words broke through. "The staff?" she demanded angrily. "Why in the world would I care what the staff thought of me? I'm not answerable to them!"

He grabbed her arms and pulled her close, so close her breasts were touching his chest and she could feel his angry breath on her cheek. "Then what about me, Sophie? Didn't you think about me? I had no idea where you were!"

"As if you cared! Did you even know I was gone? How many days did it take for you to even look for me?" she asked, refusing to let the tears fall although they were hovering on her eyelids. She would not cry in front of him. She wouldn't let him know how much he could hurt her. She'd given him too much power over her before and she wouldn't do it again.

"Are you saying I wasn't aware of you?" he asked incredulously.

"Isn't it true? I was your wife only in the bedroom. And wasn't I a sap, then?" she said, roughly pulling out of his arms. She took several steps away from him, furious with the memories.

"Don't do that," he said, pushing angry hands through his hair.

"Why not? Because we had a great sex life?"

"Don't you dare say you didn't like it, Sophie. Because we're just about to prove that you did."

"Well there's more to a marriage than just good sex."

"Great sex," he clarified.

"Whatever," she said.

"Sophie, what has gotten into you?" he said, his voice turning coaxing instead of angry. "This isn't like you."

She turned her back on his gentle words which were more devastating than the angry ones. "It is now. I didn't like who I became. I wanted something different and couldn't find it with you."

One hand reached up as if he were going to touch her but he stopped and put his hands on his hips instead. "What did you want? I've never denied you anything," he retorted.

She looked through the inky black windows, not seeing anything but his distorted reflection in the window panes. "Freedom," she said angrily. "I didn't want to be your wife."

"Not true, Sophie. What happened to make you change your mind? Everything was fine in the beginning."

His words hurt because they were true. She'd been deliriously happy initially. Until she'd known the truth. Oh, how much that truth had hurt her pride! "It wasn't enough!"

"What wasn't?" he asked softly.

"Everything," she said, turning to face him.

Jason came over to stand in front of her. He looked at her hair, her skin, her lips and instantly, Sophie's body started shivering, knowing what would come next. She wanted to run, to hide so he couldn't touch her and make her melt, make her betray herself. But his eyes held her captive. "I don't know what you want but I can definitely give you what you need," he said and his mouth covered hers in a kiss filled with promise and passion.

Without another word, he lifted her into his arms, his mouth never leaving hers as he carried her out of her silver and blue room with the irritating satin sheets and into the other bedroom.

At the first touch of his mouth on hers, she was lost, just as she'd known she would be. Her fingers dove into the thickness of his hair and her mouth found comfort in his, taking as well as giving. "No!" she said in protest as he laid her on the bed, but her arms wrapped around his neck and even she didn't know if she was saying no to his kiss or no to him moving away.

He stood up straight and stared down at her, victory in his eyes as his hands quickly moved to remove his jacket which he dropped to the floor. His shirt went next and he stared at her the whole time, his eyes never allowing her to retreat as she watched him expose more and more skin. When he dropped his shirt to the floor, he moved back to her, easily pulling her unzipped dress down to her waist, his chest covering her sensitive breasts, the crisp black hair rubbing against her nipples through the black lace of her bra.

"I want you, Sophie," he growled, his mouth moving down her neck, nuzzling the lacy fabric away from her breast and capturing the taut nipple with his teeth.

"Jason!" she called out, her back arching in both pain and pleasure as his teeth nipped, then his tongue soothed, both driving her crazy and melting her body. Her legs were trapped in her dress and she writhed against him, wanting to feel more of him, all of him. She hadn't realized how much she needed his touch, craved it in the long, lonely nights over the past winter. But her body remembered and wouldn't be satisfied until she had all of him, covering her and making love to her.

With a sudden movement, Jason stood up again and Sophie cried out, her body not ready for him to leave her. "What are you doing?" she demanded, her voice coming out as a gasp.

"Just removing a hindrance," he said and pulled her dress down her legs. Her stockings and underwear came next. A moment later, he pulled his tuxedo slacks off and boxers, tossing them behind him and then, naked, rejoining her on the bed, his hips moving her legs apart and Sophie's mind went blank except for the pleasure he was creating with every movement, every touch and taste.

"Touch me, Sophie," he said, his voice barely above a growl.

Sophie was amazed and fascinated. Her eyes widened and she hesitantly moved her hand from his shoulder down his chest. She watched the play of muscles underneath her skin and was fascinated. Licking her lips, she looked up into his face to see if he really meant it. He'd never asked her to touch him before and she'd never been brave enough to do so. The look in his eyes, the heat coming from his expression told her everything she needed to know. And it gave her courage to continue. With that courage came excitement beyond anything she'd known before. Her hands moved tentatively at first, exploring the textures of his chest and arms. Then moving down lower. She hesitated before going any lower but he wouldn't let her retreat. He moved onto his back, pulling her with him so she was leaning against his chest. With one hand, he pulled the pins out of her hair and with the other, he moved her hand so she was holding his erection, the length of him feeling like velvet against her palm.

The touch scared her and she tried to pull her hand away. But he just grabbed it again and pulled it back, showing her how to touch him, to excite him. Once she understood, she was more than willing to take over and both his hands went into her hair, pulling her forward for a kiss.

Sophie loved the feel of him but after only a few minutes, he pushed her back onto her back again, leaning over her and spreading her legs again. "I'm sorry, Sophie but I can't hold back any longer," he said and pulled her hands away from him, holding them both over her head. "Look at me," he demanded.

When she opened her eyes and licked her dry lips, she pleaded with him to take her, to come inside her and give her what her body wanted more than anything. "Please Jason," she said and arched against his body.

"Please what?" he said, hesitating at her hot, wet opening. "Tell me what you want."

"I want..." she said, shaking her head and raising herself up higher. "I want you inside me," she called out, closing her eyes in shame that she could surrender so completely to this man so easily. "Now!" she said and sighed with relief and pleasure when he pushed into her.

Within moments though, the relief was gone, replaced by a building need that intensified and consumed her until the fire exploded within her. She held onto his shoulders, her nails digging into them as he found his own release moments later.

When they were completely spent, his face buried in her neck and Sophie stared up at the ceiling, wondering why she couldn't deny him anything in bed. What kind of power did he have over her?

But thoughts were not allowed to continue. He pulled her to his side and within moments, she was asleep, cradled in the warmth of his embrace.

Sophie was digging furiously in the gardens outside when Higgins came forward with a message for her.

"Excuse me, ma'am," he said and handed her the note.

Sophie pulled off her gardening gloves and took the note, her teeth grinding in frustration as she read the words. "Thank you, Higgins," she said evenly. Without another word, she pulled her glove back on and started digging again.

"How dare he!" she said, stabbing the hard ground with her spade. "What am I? Some sort of servant?" she asked. "I won't do it."

The note was from Jason and had 'requested' that she be ready for a night at the opera. He mentioned that important clients would also be attending and that they would be going out for dinner afterwards.

Sophie argued back and forth with herself, determined to not be ready to go at the appointed hour. She was not his to request, in the guise of a veiled command, that she attend anything with him. She didn't care if the clients could make or break an important deal he was working on, she would not go out tonight. She wanted to stay inside and soak in a hot bubble bath and read a book. She did not want to go to the opera. She hated the opera.

Oh! If only she could resist the man. How could he have so much power over her? She thought back to the previous evening when the other two men were talking to her. She hadn't been even remotely interested in them in any way other than as interesting dinner companions. As soon as Jason walked up to her and touched her, she was oblivious to everyone and everything around her. He didn't even have to touch her. He could do it with only a look.

Her face flamed red as she thought about how she had touched him last night. Sitting back on her heels, she looked around quickly to see if anyone could see her embarrassed face. Why had she done something so sinful? Unfortunately for her self-esteem, abused by years of horrible comments from her father, her body reacted to the memory of touching him so intimately. She wanted to do it again. Tonight. Now, she admitted to herself since she was alone.

Sighing, she picked up her small shovel and dug determinedly into the soil, breaking up the clumps the hard winter had created around the delicate roots of bushes. If only she could keep her distance, perhaps she could make him understand that she really didn't belong in this marriage with him.

What had happened to her divorce petition, she wondered suddenly. The small shovel almost fell out of her hands and she leaned back on her heels. Had it just disappeared into thin air? She hadn't received a call from her lawyer in the past month.

Dropping her shovel and getting up from the ground, she rushed into the library and picked up the phone. Dialing the number she'd memorized over a month ago since she'd debated back and forth on whether to go through with the divorce and had called, then hung up on the solicitor's office several times, she waited for someone to answer.

"Hello, may I please speak with Mr. Jeremiah?" Sophie asked breathlessly. "This is Sophie Randal," she explained, hating that she'd taken Jason's last name. Closing her eyes, she tried to push the memory of how excited she'd been to change her last name, happily, naively submitting the government forms necessary to make it legal.

Mr. Jeremiah was immediately put through to her. "Sophie! How are you doing? I understand through your husband's lawyers that you were dropping the petition. Congratulations, although I was hoping to let you cry on my shoulder when the divorce was finalized," he joked.

She squeezed her eyes in frustration after hearing the words. "Dropping the petition?" she asked. "What makes you think I'm doing that?" But she already knew.

Mr. Jeremiah shuffled some papers on his desk. "Yes, a man by the name of Gerald Yancy called me three days ago and told me that you were canceling the petition. I tried to reach you to confirm the information but your landlady said that you'd moved back with your husband so I assumed that the information was correct."

"Ah," she said. "Well, please don't tear up the papers yet. I'm not sure what is going on."

She heard the man chuckle. "Well, I won't advertise that information anywhere. With you coming back onto the marriage market, I don't want any of the competition to know about it in advance," he said.

His words seemed like an odd thing to her ears. "I'm sorry?"

Mr. Jeremiah cleared his throat. "I'm sorry, that is not really appropriate, is it? But I was really hoping that you and I might...." He trailed off without finishing. "Well, you know," he said finally into the silence.

Sophie thought she understood and her face glowed with pleasure. "Thank you so much," she said, not encouraging the man in that direction although it did make her heart sing with pleasure. "I'll be in touch." Sophie hung up the phone carefully and leaned back in the large leather chair, staring blankly at the books in front of her. Mr. Jeremiah was interested in her? He was in his late forties and going slightly bald, but he had a wonderful personality that made people look at the man instead of his physical attributes.

"He's just being nice," she said, but the smile didn't leave her face. She glanced at the clock and noted that it was almost time for her to go upstairs and shower for the evening, if she was going to do anything about it.

What would happen if she didn't get ready? Would he be angry?

Jason had never yelled at her although she'd seen him angry before. Not necessarily at her. But he was very controlled. In fact, if she hadn't been watching him most times, she would have missed the signals that indicated that he was unhappy with something someone said or did.

Placing her hand on the desk, she pulled herself up and resigned herself to getting ready for the opera. Even though she hated it, she didn't want to challenge Jason just yet. If she was going to get out of this marriage, she had to show Jason that she was not the right person for the role but that didn't mean antagonizing him pointlessly.

"Good evening, dear," Evelyn said as she passed through the foyer, breezing past Sophie. "What on earth are you wearing?" she said, stopping to stare at Sophie's dirty jeans and sweatshirt. "And how did it become so filthy?" she asked.

Sophie resisted the urge to dust off her clothes self-consciously. "Was there something specific you wanted, Evelyn?" she asked, her blue eyes looking directly at Evelyn's hazel ones.

Evelyn hesitated before answering, taking another moment to disdainfully assess Sophie's outfit. "Nothing urgent. I just wanted to get Jason's advice on something," she said.

Sophie wasn't fooled. Evelyn was manipulating someone. She never did anything that wasn't self-serving and mean-spirited. The woman felt powerful when she was putting someone down or using them in some way. "Jason is at the office now. I don't expect him back for about another hour and a half."

"Oh, of course he is. I'll just wait for him," she said and walked down the hallway, disappearing to the left. Sophie had no idea where the woman might be going and wanted to tell her to leave and phone before coming back, but this wasn't her house. It was Jason's and apparently Evelyn and Jocelyn had free reign within the house.

Sophie made her way to her room, well, Jason's room, and opened the closet doors where she'd discovered her clothes had been put the previous evening. Looking at the various evening dresses, she lost her small amount of excitement generated by Mr. Jeremiah's words. Of course, he was only flattering her as a client but that didn't matter. Her torn and abused pride would take anything she could get.

All her evening dresses were in either black or brown, neither color she really wanted to wear right at the moment. But she pulled her gray sweat shirt over her head and headed to the shower. Thirty minutes later, she wrapped a towel around her and padded over to the closet to survey her clothes again.

"Good evening," Jason said, walking slowly into the room.

"Jason!" Sophie said, startled and spinning around to face him. Her hand immediately went to the towel knotted under her arms, tying it more securely. "What are you doing here?" she asked, one hand going self-consciously to her wet hair.

"I live here, don't I?" he said, his eyes moving hotly over her scantily clad figure. "I like it but I'm not sure the rest of the opera fans will approve."

Sophie stared at him, confused. "Excuse me?"

"Your dress," he said, nodding towards her wet towel. "Most of the other women couldn't pull it off so well," he said and walked into the bathroom to shower.

She looked down at the yellow towel and smiled. He thought she looked good in a towel?

She heard the water run and the door to the bathroom open and close. The sound spurred her into action and she quickly pulled on underwear and a dress, not wanting for him to find her in a towel again. The dress she pulled on was so similar to yesterday evening's dress, she wished she knew how to sew so she could change it slightly. It was black crepe but instead of wearing pearls at her throat, the neckline on this dress had black sequins. It was too large for her frame and the sleeves came down to her wrists, the hem brushing her calves.

Fifteen minutes later, Jason came out of the shower, a yellow towel knotted around his lean hips and Sophie's eyes hungrily followed his progress across the expanse of cream carpet as he walked to his own closet. He stood there with his back to her for a moment before pulling the towel off and tossing it to the side. Sophie had a clear view of his muscular buttocks before he disappeared into his closet.

She quickly turned on the hair dryer before he came back out, burying her red face with her reddish, blond curls.

It took a long time to dry her hair but when she was finished, she thought she had her embarrassment under control. She quickly applied a slight amount of mascara and a pale, pink lipstick, then started to braid her hair, not daring to look into the mirror and see Jason's image.

"Would you consider leaving your hair down?" he said, almost right behind her. His hands were gently holding her wrists near her head and his eyes caught her startled expression in the mirror.

"Why?"

"Because it is beautiful and I'd like to see it down around your shoulders," he said simply.

Sophie was so stunned at his words, she couldn't react immediately.

"You like it?" she whispered.

"Is that so hard to understand?" he asked, and she could see the genuine confusion on his face.

"Yes," she replied, her hands sliding down to rest delicately on her dressing table. She couldn't hold his gaze anymore and she looked down at her hairbrush with shame.

"Why? It's a gorgeous color. It's one of the first things I noticed about you." His eyes continued to search her face as if he could glean her confusion through her crystal blue gaze.

That first word caught her attention and her eyes snapped back to his. Could he really like the color of her hair? He didn't think it was sinful and made her look like a harpy? There were worse things that had been said, but she didn't like to remember them.

She laughed nervously. "Believe it or not, that's extremely hard for me to believe," she said. "But if you really like it and aren't just teasing me, I'll leave it down."

She went to her closet and picked up her shoes, loving the way her hair fell forward, caressing her neck and brushing the sides of her face. She wished she was wearing a sleeveless dress so she could feel her hair against her shoulders. What an awful thing to consider, she told herself. What would her father think?

That thought had her standing straight up and staring at Jason. He was pulling on his own shoes and didn't realize she was looking at him and she was glad. For the thought had just struck her that her father was no longer here. And Jason liked her hair. Or at least he said he did. She couldn't tell if he was telling her the truth or not but it was nice of him to just say the words.

She'd originally thought that Jason was an exceptionally kind person but living with him for the duration of their short, aborted marriage made her realize that he wasn't very kind to anyone but her. Oh, he was considerate and polite to others, especially the household staff members. But she'd read too many news articles about his business practices. She knew that he was what others considered a shark. The term merciless was often applied to him as he found, bought and capitulated on areas of the business world others didn't find profitable.

"What's wrong?" he asked, his tall frame walking up to stand right next to her. His hand came to touch the curling strands of titian hair that were now tumbling around her shoulders. "You look startled. What is on your mind?"

She looked into his dark blue eyes that showed no emotions unless she really watched him and smiled. "You really like my hair?" she couldn't help but ask.

His forehead furrowed in anger and yet more confusion. "Why is that so hard to believe? Who doesn't like your hair? Has someone said something recently about it? If so, I want their names, Sophie," he demanded. He wasn't being kind now. In fact, he looked absolutely determined to hear her answer.

She stepped back from him, needing a little space but shook her head. She smiled slightly, as if the smile might add to the confusion about her hair color. "It isn't important."

Jason's look told her he wasn't satisfied with her answer. "I think it is very important. Somehow, someone has made you self-conscious. Is that the reason you've always worn it pulled back into something that looks like torture?" he asked. "Was it your father? Did he make you feel bad about it in some way?" but the phone rang, saving her from answering his question. She was too startled by his guess to have answered anyway. How had the man deduced so quickly who had made her feel bad about her hair? It was such a simple thing, but it still warmed her frozen heart slightly.

He stalked over to the phone and answered it impatiently, obviously wanting to hear her answer more than he wanted to find out who was on the other end of the phone. But in the end, the phone won out, simply because the sound was so intrusive. A moment later, he turned back to her and said, "The car is waiting out front. Are you ready to go?" he asked.

"Yes, of course," she replied, turning immediately to the door, grateful that she was able to avoid the previous conversation.

"Sophie," his deep voice stopped her as her hand rested on the door knob. "This discussion is not over. We're going to discuss this further. I have a feeling there's more to this issue than simply your hair, isn't there?"

She looked up at him and shivered, understanding that there was a steel note in his voice. She didn't answer him though. She walked out of the room ahead of him, again wishing that she had something other than black to wear.

The night at the opera was a nightmare on two fronts. First of all, she didn't like opera and she didn't like the clients Jason had brought. The man leered at her when his wife wasn't looking and it was all she could do to keep herself from shivering in revulsion as the man took her hand during the introductions and kissed her knuckles, leaving a wet mess afterwards. She resisted the urge to wipe her hand on the side of her dress until he was turned away, but just barely.

Jason kept a private box at the theatre and tonight, there were four chairs. Jason gave the first two chairs to their guests. The first act was long and boring and Sophie tried to pay attention to the words and the actions on the stage, but she just couldn't understand what was going on. It wasn't that she couldn't understand the words. The Italian opera was well sung and Sophie had taken Latin in school so she was able to follow along to a point. Even if she didn't understand the words, usually the music and acting was enough to allow the observer to understand the plot and follow along.

It was that she just wasn't interested. She thought about what she'd hoped to do that night, sitting in a hot, soapy bathtub and reading a mystery that had just hit the markets. The critics had raved about the book and she'd bought it last week. Unfortunately, Jason hadn't given her any access to the items from her old cottage except for her clothes. Everything else had just disappeared.

The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. Every once in a while, she looked up at his profile, her angry eyes wishing he would look at her. She knew it was in poor taste to talk during a performance. Otherwise, she would have demanded right then and there to know where all her furniture and personal items were that had been in her cottage.

They weren't much, she knew. In fact, most of the furniture was just barely this side of the garbage heap. But it had been fun collecting her 'finds' through yard sales and friends of friends. She couldn't even call the items eclectic. They were all just junk. But they had been her junk and he had no right to throw things of hers away.

What did that matter, she thought as the female lead started screeching at the top of her lungs, climbing a ladder to clip some silly bouquet of flowers. She remembered a pretty quilt her landlady had allowed her to borrow last winter. Where was it? If Jason had had someone throw it out, he was going to be in real trouble.

The woman was now climbing down the ladder and handing the bouquet to a man who threw them to the side. What about her plants? She'd had several day lilies, hydrangea and a variety of other bushes that were sitting on her small patio. Where were they? He probably gave them away, she grumbled to herself.

Thankfully, the intermission arrived and Sophie sprang out of her chair, excusing herself to go to the bathroom before the other three members of the box could even stand up.

In the bathroom, she looked around and splashed cool water on her wrists. What was wrong with her? Why was she getting so angry with Jason? Why couldn't she just work up the courage to ask him what had happened to her cottage furnishings?

With shaking hands, she pulled her hair back and looked at her reflection. She was startled to realize that, despite the morose color and drab style of her dress, leaving her hair down added color to her face. Or perhaps it was the anger coursing through her system. She wasn't used to being angry, she knew. Most of her life, she'd been cowering, trying not to be noticed. Not anymore though!

There was a line of women waiting to use the sinks behind her so she didn't have a chance to linger. Walking out to the lobby, she saw Jason immediately. Because Jason was at least half a head taller, and definitely more handsome than anyone else at the theatre that night, it was easy to spot him in the crowd. She hated the fact that he was also surrounded by several other women, many of whom were stunningly gorgeous and some who were wearing shockingly daring dresses that clung to their figure, revealing just about all their feminine assets. She knew some of them were married, having met them at other functions.

Sophie walked up to the outside of the group of people surrounding Jason and was just going to stop. But as soon as she walked up, Jason's arm reached out and he took her hand. Sophie was thrilled with the fact that he seemed to know she was there, even without looking at her. She tried not to read too much into the action but was overwhelmed by his thoughtfulness when he also handed her a glass of cold champagne.

He didn't touch her, but each time she moved, he also moved so she was constantly by his side. By the end of the intermission, she was feeling safe and secure and for some reason, she didn't like it. Not one little bit.

The lights dimmed twice and the crowd started moving back towards their seats. Without a word, Sophie moved towards Jason's box, keeping the thought of her own personal, private bath and book uppermost in her mind.

"It won't work," he said softly into her ear, running one hand down her arm, then sliding it around her waist intimately.

She looked up at him as he moved slightly behind her, the crowd pushing them closer together. "What are you talking about?" she asked. She shivered when his hands caressed her and tried to move away, but he deliberately wouldn't give her an inch of room.

"You're getting angry with me in order to not make love with me tonight," he said, one hand slipping under her hair to caress her neck. "It won't work," he repeated.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she snapped, wanting to pull away but his hand just held her steady.

His deep chuckle sounded close to her ear and she pulled away. Unfortunately, there was no place to go. "Yes, you do. Don't think I don't know you, Sophie."

Sophie ignored the melting sensation and the heat that was already intensifying between her legs. If Jason were to pull her off to the side and make love to her right here, she knew she wouldn't be able to stop him. "You don't know me," she said angrily, lowering her voice so the people around her couldn't hear. "You don't know anything about me." But her voice was hoarse and barely above a whisper even as she tried to put more force behind her denial.

He looked down at her again, his eyes inscrutable. With a nod to their companions, he pulled her off to the left and out of the stream of bodies heading back to their seats. He shielded her from view with his broad shoulders and put one arm against the wall, right next to her head. "You don't think I know you? Let me take a guess as to what's going on inside that lovely brain of yours," he said, his eyes flashing angry fire. "You're embarrassed over how passionate we can be with each other," he said quietly but relentlessly, "and last night, you let yourself fall into my arms and really make love for the first time in your life. You actually shared the experience and you're embarrassed." He wouldn't let her look away as he spoke. "And I'm guessing you thought about it today and were ashamed although for the life of me I can't understand why. But you want to know something?"

"No," she came back furiously, wishing he wasn't so close to the mark.

"Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. I'm going to find out."

Her eyes snapped up to his, fear deep in their depths as she stared into his determined blue ones. He nodded for emphasis. "Yes. You can hide for a little longer but I'll definitely find out exactly what is going on inside your head. And you want to know what else?" he asked. But he didn't wait for a response. "We're going to make love tonight. And you're going to love it. And we're going to make love every night until you trust me enough to move to the next step."

"What's the next step?" she asked, not willing to discuss his other comments.

He smiled slightly and pushed away from the wall. "We'll discuss that when we get to it," he said and took her hand to lead her into the box.

"I'm sorry to be late," Jason said to the other couple already seated in the private box and sat down, pulling her chair closer to his only moments before she sat next to him.

If she'd thought the first half of the opera was difficult, the second half was almost a nightmare. Jason's leg was plastered against hers and each time she moved to make more room for him, he simply adjusted so he was touching her again. If she moved her legs, he put his arm around the back of her chair. If she moved her shoulders, he took her hand, spread it on his lap. When she tried to pull her hand away, he turned it over and traced circles on the palm.

Sophie was slowly becoming a mindless wreck. The feelings Jason was stirring within her was melting her insides and distracting her. And he was relentless.

The opera finally ended and Sophie took a quick glance at Jason's features, trying to determine if he was as affected by his movements as she was. But not by a single look did he reveal what he was thinking or feeling. Sophie felt flustered and angry that he could do this to her so easily and still remain passive. Was he just a machine?

Jason invited the other couple to ride to the restaurant in their limousine and Sophie sat tensely through the short ride, sitting far away from Jason. The other couple looked oddly at her but they smiled graciously and discussed their enjoyment of the opera. Throughout the whole conversation, Sophie was grateful that no one issued any questions to her. She wasn't even sure what the name of the opera was, much less what her favorite part was.

"Oh, my goodness, I'm hungry," Irene said as the car glided to a stop in front of the restaurant.

They were immediately led to a table in the back of the restaurant, away from the noisy section. Their table looked out onto the Thames River and Sophie sat next to the window, scooting her chair a few extra inches away.

Jason simply smiled and moved his chair an extra few inches closer to hers, putting his arm against the back of her chair. As soon as Irene and Gordon sat down opposite them, she felt Jason's hands massaging her neck or his fingers would twine in her hair.

The three others said the food was delicious but Sophie only tasted a few small bites. She thought the night would never end and was a shivering mass of sexual frustration by the time the other couple hailed a cab to their own house.

Jason escorted her into the waiting limousine and she angrily sat down opposite him, determined to not fall victim to his roving hands again.

Jason sat down and the car immediately start moving. "It isn't going to work, Sophie," he said and with a quick movement, he pulled her into his lap, his lips covering hers. Sophie wished she could resist, but her body melted after so many hours of anticipation. She just wanted to be one with him and find the release only he could deliver for her. So when his lips touched hers, her mouth responded willingly, demanding more and more as his hands touched her, lifting the hem of her dress. With deft hands, he pulled her stockings off, then her underwear.

"Jason?" she asked, but then the question was lost as he unzipped her dress to reveal one lace covered breast. He immediately took the hard nubbin in his mouth and suckled. Sophie threw back her head and arched her back, fearing that she would go up in flames if he didn't take her immediately.

"Jason...please..." she cried out, her hands reaching for him but only finding clothing. She tore at his clothes, the buttons coming off in her efforts to find and touch him.

"You're beautiful," he said, pulling her dress down her other shoulder, taking her left nipple in his mouth and sucking hard.

The car pulled to a stop and she vaguely heard Jason curse under his breath but she was too confused to understand. She felt him pull her dress into place and zip up her zipper but nothing else made sense until the car door opened suddenly.

"Oh!" Sophie said, carefully sliding off Jason's lap and out the door, hoping her red face was not evident to Michael, Jason's driver.

Jason came out a moment later and quickly ushered her up the steps. The door was immediately opened but Sophie couldn't look at Higgins who only bowed slightly before closing the door behind them.

Jason didn't stop until they were up the stairs and out of sight. Then he lifted her up into his arms and carried her down the hallway to their bedroom, kicking the door closed with his foot as he proceeded to carry her to the bed. Once there, he laid her down, his eyes on fire as he pulled his clothes off.

He didn't even give Sophie a chance to get her own off. He simply pulled her legs gently towards him, then slid her dress up around her waist. Sophie was thrilled that he was in such a rush but couldn't relish the fact as shudder after explosive shudder shook her body as Jason poured himself into her, reaching his own climax with a growl.

Long moments later, Jason lifted himself up to look down into her eyes. He looked horrified but very satisfied. "Sophie, are you okay?" he asked, one hand coming to push the flurry of reddish, gold curls from her face.

Sophie reached up and touched his face, a smile forming slowly. "Yes. I'm fine." She giggled at his concerned expression. "I'm more than fine," she said, thrilled that she wasn't the only one that had been affected all night. She loved the fact that he'd wanted her just as much, if not more, than she'd wanted him.

He straightened up and pulled her dress down. "Don't smile at me like that. I don't like treating you in that manner."

She looked away but the smile stayed on her face.

"I should be treating you with more respect and I promise that something like this won't happen again," he said, pulling her into his arms.

She pulled away slightly and shook her head. Unable to meet his eyes, she looked only at his magnificent chest. "Don't hold back on my account," she said and pulled quickly out of his arms to head into the bathroom.

She was about to step into the shower when he came up behind her. His deep, velvety voice stopped her as he said close to her ear, "Are you saying you liked what just happened?" he asked, his hands gentle but firm on her shoulders as he held her still.

Sophie was too embarrassed to answer so she just shrugged her shoulders.

His laughter took her by surprise and she looked quickly into the mirror to catch his expression when he said, "Well then let's just test another way and you can let me know which way you prefer to make love," he said and pulled her back flush against his chest before lifting her up and into the shower. He turned on the water and warm water instantly gushed from the showerhead. He proceeded to make love to her in the shower with Sophie crying out, desperate for the release only he could give her.

But in the end, it was just as satisfying. He finished washing both of them since Sophie was too languorous to do the job herself. Afterwards, he wrapped her up into a large, fluffy, yellow towel and carried her to bed.

Sophie woke up the following morning with late morning sunshine warming her face. She blinked carefully and then looked around.

Everything seemed just as it had the previous night, but then nothing was the same. She looked to the right of her but Jason was already gone. Sighing, she pulled the covers off and climbed out of bed, her limbs sore from the previous night's activities.

She smiled as she remembered his uncontrollable passion. And it had all been for her. She relished the fact that he hadn't been able to stop, or even slow down. She pulled a brush through her hair, secretly thinking back to the events and wondering how she could make it happen again.

This day was more relaxed than the previous one since she wasn't furious with Jason today. She still worked in the garden, digging in the roses and mulching whatever struck her fancy. She knew she was horrifying Fred, the full-time gardener Jason employed but she didn't care. She kept well out of his way though. He didn't blatantly glare at her but his anger was palpable whenever he saw her.

She considered leaving well enough alone and letting him do his own work. But then what would she do? She had no job and no possibility for a job. She wished she had something she could do on her own but until she figured out what she was going to do about her marriage, her only option, the only thing she knew how to do and loved doing, was gardening.

By lunchtime, she received another note from Jason informing her that they would be having guests for dinner that night. The note almost put her into another bad mood but she was too relaxed to work up any real anger.

That was before she came downstairs that night. She saw Jocelyn and Evelyn immediately. It wasn't hard since they were standing in the entry way to the living room. She saw Jason talking with several other people and felt bad that she hadn't come down sooner. She had taken her time in the shower but hadn't heard Jason come in so had thought she'd had more time.

"Good evening, Sophie," Jocelyn said, a smirk on her face as she took in Sophie's brown dress with a demure collar. Sophie wished she didn't have to walk into the living room now. It was always difficult to face new people but now Sophie had to enter while being framed on either side by Evelyn, who was dressed in a beautifully tailored ice blue, silk evening suit and Jocelyn, who was equally fashionable in a flirty, pink chiffon dress with a sequined, halter bodice. Surveying the two, she knew that she would look like a sack of potatoes in her drab, brown dress that hid her body with fabric.

"Your hair!" Jocelyn said, the look of horror on the woman's face made Sophie reach up self-consciously to try uselessly to tame the curls. "Sophie, dear, why don't you let me do something with your hair? It looks a little....wild," she finished politely.

Sophie's eyes flew into the room and searched for Jason. Would he think her hair was wild? She saw him over in the corner talking with another man she'd never met. "Do you really think it is odd?" she asked, worried that she was looking silly.

She saw the look that passed between Evelyn and Jocelyn and shook her head. "No need to say anything," she said, stopping whatever Evelyn was about to say. She looked again at their fashionable outfits and turned around. "Tell Jason I'll be down in a few more minutes."

She hurried up the staircase, hoping no one else had seen her. She wished she had some small amount of fashion sense. But she supposed that some people had it and others didn't.

Once in her room, she quickly braided the curls into a thick plait, then pinned the mass up on the back of her head. She looked horrible again, but at least she didn't look silly. Just plain.

"Well, this is it," she said to her reflection.

"What is it?" Jason said from behind her.

"My hair," she said, putting her hair brush down on the table.

He walked up behind her and started pulling out the pins. "I thought you were going to leave it down? I saw you downstairs a moment ago and it was down around your shoulders. Why did you change your mind?"

"No, Jason, stop!" she said but it was too late. His hands were too fast and he already had all the pins out. He was now working on pulling the braid apart. "Jocelyn and Evelyn said it looked too wild."

Jason shook his head. "Jocelyn and Evelyn are just jealous because they don't have hair as beautiful as you do. So they make you feel awful about yours. Is that why you hide it so much? Because they said something to you?"

She stared up into his eyes, trying to gauge his sincerity. "You think they are jealous? Of my hair?" she squeaked.

"Yes. What were you thinking?"

Her heart swelled with love for this man and she smiled brightly. "No one has ever been jealous of anything I've had or done before," she said.

He only stared at her as if waiting for her to continue or laugh. "You're kidding, right?" Jason replied when she stopped speaking.

Shaking her head, she smiled at the freedom she felt with her hair down and not pinned painfully against her head. "No. I never kid," she said, staring at him with big, soulful eyes.

"Ignore Jocelyn and Evelyn," was all he said and, grabbing her hand, he pulled her out of the bedroom and down the hallway. She entered the living room with her hand tucked in Jason's arm, feeling much more confident. She didn't even look in Jocelyn or Evelyn's direction, afraid of seeing the smirk on their faces when she came back into the room with her hair down.

The dinner was to introduce the owners of the latest acquisition company to Jason and the board of directors. In total, there were twenty people for dinner and it was a very tense affair. But by the end of the evening, Jason had the whole group laughing with his charm and humor. He appeared to be relaxed and attentive, but Sophie knew that he was acting cautiously and making sure that everyone was on board with the new plan. She remembered from previous acquisitions that the owners of companies were a fickle lot. There had been times when enough money had been expended by Jason's company that, when the potential sellers wanted to back out, he went after them by means of a hostile takeover.

No one liked those kinds of situations. They were more expensive and the transition after the fact was longer because the employees resented the acquiring company.

Sophie tried to help. She engaged the wives in conversations about anything she could think of. It was by chance that the current owner's wife, Elizabeth, mentioned having trouble with her roses last summer and other pests.

"What kinds of problems?" Sophie asked, sincerely interested. Gardening was, after all, her one passion. Besides Jason that is, she told herself.

"Well, I tried to create a hosta garden last year underneath an old oak tree. My grandchildren have a swing hanging down from one of the branches and I thought we could make a nice sitting area. But the hostas look just awful," she said.

Sophie nodded knowledgably. "Little holes all over them?" she asked.

"Yes!" Elizabeth replied, leaning forward. "Do you have the same problem?"

"Not anymore," she said. "They are from slugs."

"Oh no!" Elizabeth said, her hand going over her heart in distress. "I hate slugs. How on earth do you get rid of them?"

Sophie considered her words carefully, knowing that some solutions might offend people. Gardeners could be a very opinionated lot. "Well, there are chemicals you can use which poison the slugs. Unfortunately, the birds then eat the slugs and get sick. But if you put out several bird houses, the birds will take care of some of the slugs," Sophie explained. "And some birds consider slugs to be a delicacy so they eat more."

"How nice!" Elizabeth said, nodding her head. "Then we'll have more bird songs," she laughed, thrilled with the solution.

Sophie smiled, delighted that she'd found someone she could genuinely connect with. "Well, that will only eliminate some of them. I've also had success by putting beer into small, hidden cups. The slugs like the smell and then slip in, can't get out," Sophie explained, her eyes twinkling with glee at getting rid of the awful pests.

"What a delightful idea!" Elizabeth said.

"What is so delightful?" her husband, Brad asked, standing next to his wife and Jason, his coffee cup in his hand.

"Slugs and beer, dear," Elizabeth said, taking a delicate sip of coffee and waiving her husband to be quiet. "Nothing to concern yourself about," she explained and turned back to Sophie. "What about rabbits? Do you have any ideas on how to keep them from eating everything in sight?"

But Brad was having none of that mischief and spoke up, nudging his wife on the arm with humor and a twinkle in his eye. "What are you thinking about doing with my beer, woman?" he said brusquely but Sophie could tell he was only teasing his wife. "Slugs and beer don't work, if you don't already know that."

"Exactly," she teased right back. "Sophie has given me the perfect solution for two problems that have been the bane of my existence."

"What on earth could be your problems?" he said, putting an arm around her shoulders. "I thought the day you married me, all your problems disappeared."

Elizabeth just rolled her eyes. "Brad, my love, you are delusional. And Sophie has explained a wonderful way to get rid of that awful brew you keep bringing into my house and the slugs which are eating my hostas."

Brad's teasing was gone. "What are you going to do with my beer, woman?"

"I'm going to feed it to the slugs, of course," she said.

"Over my dead body," Brad replied with emotion.

Elizabeth reached up and kissed him on his cheek fondly. "If that's what it takes, dear," she said.

Sophie couldn't help but laugh. They were a very fun couple and obviously in love for a long time.

Elizabeth turned back to face Sophie, obviously dismissing her husband. "Sophie, what were you going to say about rabbits?"

Sophie looked from Elizabeth to Brad nervously, then up to Jason who just raised his eyebrows, but there was laughter hidden behind his eyes. His look gave her encouragement. "Well, you can soak red pepper and tobacco in some water, then spray the mixture on the leaves. The rabbits won't eat anything with that solution on them."

"Really?" Elizabeth asked, amazed.

"Yes, but you have to put it on almost daily initially. The mixture comes off easily, especially after a rain."

Her eyes were alight with curiosity and enthusiasm for the solution. "And it won't hurt the soil?"

"Oh, no," Sophie stressed. "In fact, putting a ring of crushed eggshells around your hostas will also slow down the slugs but the eggshells give the soil nitrogen which produces stronger leaves with a deeper color. Although the eggshells aren't as effective as the beer at deterring the slugs. They don't like crawling over them, but they just burrow underneath and still find their hosta treasures."

Elizabeth looked at Sophie as if she were ten feet tall. "Where on earth did you learn these things? I thought the only way to deal with these awful pests is through the commercial, chemical products."

Sophie shrugged her shoulders but knew she was glowing with pride. First Jason's comment about Evelyn and Jocelyn being jealous of her hair and now Elizabeth looking at her with respect for her gardening knowledge. It was a heady night. "The commercial products work much faster and are more effective, but they hurt the environment. Besides, the organic treatments use things we usually discard and therefore, help everything involved."

"It sounds like you probably have a very beautiful garden," Elizabeth replied, admiration shining in her eyes.

"Well," Sophie said reluctantly, "We have a gardener who has very specific ideas on what he wants done with our landscaping," she said, looking down at the floor. But then perked up, "But sometimes I'm learning to sneak in a dig or two," she laughed. She missed the sharp look Jason gave her at that comment.

"Perhaps you could come over one day and give me some additional advice?" Elizabeth asked, her tone hopeful.

Sophie's eyes brightened at the invitation. "I would love to!" she said. "As long as you don't mind me getting a little overwhelming. You can just tell me to be quiet and I'll drop the subject."

Elizabeth laughed with her. "I think a passionate fellow gardener is exactly what I need," she said. "Brad, I believe it is time for us to leave," she said, noticing that all the other guests were preparing to head for the door as well. "Sophie, Jason, thank you for a lovely evening," she said and took Sophie's hand in hers, squeezing it slightly.

"It was a pleasure to have you," Sophie said, really meaning it. The night didn't seem like such a trial simply for the last half hour with Elizabeth.

The guests slowly filtered out of the house, leaving only Evelyn and Jocelyn who lounged in the living room, enjoying another glass of Jason's wine. "Lovely night, Jason. I think it was a huge success," Jocelyn said, sidling up to Jason and plastering her voluptuous curves against his. "You were very charming,' she said and kissed his cheek.

Sophie stood beside one of the sofas, her hands clenched into fists at her sides as she observed her husband and stepsister. She wasn't sure what he was thinking but she was glad when Jason disentangled himself from her arms. "I'm glad you think so, Jocelyn," he said but put his arm back up on the mantle, then looked across the room at Sophie. "Thank you for your help, Sophie. Elizabeth was quite taken with you."

Evelyn laughed but it came out sounding slightly malicious instead of humorous. "Yes, Sophie. All that talk of bugs and dirt. Jason finally found a use for you, didn't he?" she said, leaning back against the cushions.

Sophie was deeply hurt but refused to look at Jason for fear that he would be laughing along with the two women. She knew he thought her a blue stocking but seeing any kind of smile, even a smirk, would just hurt too much.

"Good night, ladies," she said with as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances. "Good night, Jason."

She walked slowly out of the living room but as soon as she was out of sight, she ran up the stairs, wanting to put as much space between herself and the two vicious women as she could. It wasn't fair that both Evelyn and Jocelyn could be so beautiful and have so much luck in their lives and get all the wonderful men too.

Since when did she start thinking of Jason as wonderful again? Sophie pulled off her hated brown dress, tossing it onto the floor, then kicking it for good measure. She wished she could wear those colors. But the words of her father were too strong in her memory telling her that colors on a redhead were promiscuous, plus the haunting words of Evelyn the few times they'd gone shopping together where she explained that muted colors were probably best for her hair color.

Sophie remembered the day her father had brought Evelyn home as his wife. She'd been away at boarding school for the spring semester and had come home for spring break. She hadn't really minded when she arrived home to find that her father was off on his honeymoon. She'd been sixteen at the time and had been relieved that she wouldn't have to hear his lectures on her behavior or hair color. But the day she was packing to return to school, he'd arrived with Evelyn in tow. Sophie had been fascinated and excited about the beauty and doubly thrilled when Jocelyn peeked out from behind the newlyweds. A mother and a sister, all in one day had been a wonderful surprise.

It wasn't until the summer break that Sophie had been able to have a conversation with Evelyn and Jocelyn since she'd had to catch her flight back to school only a half hour after she'd met her new stepmother and sister. But she'd spent the rest of the school year fantasizing about what the summer would be like with a mother and a sister in the house. She'd been so optimistic that her father would mellow, that he wouldn't get angry all the time and call her awful names.

But the day she'd arrived back from school had been a devastating blow. She'd walked into the house only to be told that her father, stepmother and stepsister were taking a month long cruise around the Caribbean. It was hard during that month since her father had never taken any kind of vacation with her, ever.

Once they'd arrived home, Sophie had been just as upset and counted the days until she could leave for school again. Evelyn had indeed come back and had changed everything in her father's home. She'd taken Jocelyn and Sophie out shopping which had been an extremely painful experience. Whereas her father made outright comments about her appearance and limited his criticism to her hair and how the color was a sign of her sinful nature, Evelyn and Jocelyn finished the task of completely destroying any kind of self confidence she'd had. Their criticism was much more subtle, more insidious.

"Oh, Sophie no. That style is awful on you. It makes your breasts look wrong, dear."

"Sophie, stay away from that color. It shows off the sallowness in your skin color."

"Sophie, please stand up or everyone will know how little you think of yourself."

There were worse comments but Sophie finally learned to tune them out just as she had her father's lectures. Her only saving grace was that her father hadn't left his fortune to Evelyn either. Being a woman, she wasn't worthy of the full amount. She did receive an allowance but that was determined by Jason and not a standard amount set forth in her father's will.

What was it about Jason that her father had trusted him to the point of leaving his entire fortune to him? What had Jason done for her father? Or not done? It was an odd choice, she thought as she brushed her hair and got ready for bed. She rushed through her nightly ritual as her mind raced with questions and the hurt she'd tried to banish from her mind.

She slipped between the covers only moments before Jason entered the room. She'd already turned off most of the lights but there was enough for him, she knew. There had been many nights during the last few months of their marriage when she'd lain awake until the early hours of the morning, then listened to him change for bed.

She slept on her side with her back facing him and when he slid into bed beside her, she tensed, ready for him to pull her over to him. Sophie wondered what she would do if he touched her but when he simply turned out the light, she was disappointed.

And angry, she realized. She slept fitfully and woke up more exhausted than when she'd gone to bed. But it was Saturday morning and she was in a fine rage. It was only seven o'clock so she quickly showered and changed into jeans and another shirt, this one in cream that came down to her knees. She pushed the sleeves up to her elbows, mentally preparing to do battle with Jason.

She found him in the breakfast room, sipping coffee and reading the newspaper. "Good morning," he said as soon as she walked in.

Sophie held her tongue while one of the servants poured her coffee. "Thank you," she said and waited the long seconds while the man left the room.

Jason had been watching her the whole time. "I can tell you have something on your mind," he said, setting down his newspaper and giving her his undivided attention.

She considered all the issues she was angry and settled on the greatest. "I can't do this," she said, pushing the tears back. "I want out of this arrangement."

Jason pushed his cup back, looking at her across the table. "I see. Didn't we have this discussion just three days ago?" he asked. She could see the anger forming on his own features but refused to be intimidated.

Sophie pushed the coffee away, her stomach was already in knots because of the confrontation and she couldn't fathom putting anything in it. "No, you discussed them and then laid down the law. But I'm not going to live like this."

"Like what?" he demanded, but his tone didn't go up even one octave. "With every possible servant at your disposal? With all the money you could possibly spend and every credit card available? What more do you want, Sophie?" he asked, the sarcasm barely in control.

She shivered but shook her head. "Those don't make for happiness, Jason," she countered.

"What do you think could make you happy?"

"A feeling of self-worth!"

"Well, I'm not stopping you from getting it," he tossed right back.

"I was happy, I was working doing something I loved until you came back into my life. Why did you do that, Jason? Simply because of this latest acquisition?" she asked, realization dawning on her. Her eyes widened. "Was that it? Did you need your steady, homely wife to meet and greet your clients so they wouldn't cause you trouble when you made your next ten million dollars?"

A muscle started twitching on the side of Jason's face but he kept his tone even. "If you want to work, then do so. I'm not stopping you."

"I can't believe you're saying that, Jason, when that is exactly what you stopped me from doing!"

"I just didn't want you working for a man that was in love with you, Sophie!" he countered, which got a higher tone. But he forced himself to calm down. "That man wasn't after your work ethic, he was after you."

"Henry?" she asked quietly, dumbfounded by his comment.

"Yes! Don't tell me you were in love with him, Sophie because I will simply destroy the man. You are mine!" he said and stood up, tossing his newspaper down onto the table. He came around the table and towered over her, intimidating her with his height and breadth. "If you want to work, then work. But not for him. Hell," he spit out, "I'll set you up in your own damn landscaping business if that's what you want," he said and started walking out of the room, "but you're not to go back to that company. Do you understand me?" He didn't wait for an answer, assuming that his commands would be obeyed instantly.

"Where are you going?" she called out, wanting to throw something at his arrogant back.

"I have work to do," he said and slammed the door shut.

Sophie looked at the closed door and shuddered. Jason had been angry, she thought in shock and awe. That was definitely a scene to view, she thought. She'd never known Jason to lose his temper. Ever.

His words struck her then. Her own landscaping business? What a novel thought. The idea tempted her and she had to sit down and mull it over in her mind. Could she do it? She sipped her coffee and considered the idea. What would it take to start her own company? Would she really want to? What would be the reason to do so? She had the time, she knew. It would get her out of the house and away from that awful man Jason employed as a gardener.

Sophie pushed the idea aside. It was too silly to consider. She didn't know the first thing about running her own business, she thought to herself.

She went through the day, avoiding Jason who she found out was working in his library, and finding a spot in a far away part of the yard where the gardener couldn't glare at her.

Plants, she thought after she'd dug up a plot of grass. She needed plants.

Sophie went into the house and found some paper and pencils, then drew out the plans she wanted to create in her new garden. She sketched and erased, playing with various ideas for the small plot of land. After several hours of drawing, she knew what she wanted to do with the area. And it would require lots of plants and much more digging.

She stared at the doors to the library. It was just after lunch time but she hadn't heard or seen Jason since breakfast. Should she knock and ask him for permission to do what she wanted?

No! She wasn't here of her free will. If he was going to keep her here, he would deal with the consequences. She would just do what made her happy until he realized that she was the wrong wife for him.

Marching to the back of the house, she found Michael. "Michael," she said, interrupting a game of cards between the driver and Higgins. "I'm sorry to interrupt your game but I need to find a nursery," she explained.

"A day care facility?" he asked, not sure what she was trying to say.

Sophie laughed slightly. "No, a plant store," she said. "Do you know where one is nearby?" she asked.

"Of course, ma'am," he said and immediately stood up to pull on his jacket. "Are you ready to leave now?" he asked.

"Yes, if that is okay with you," she said.

"Absolutely. I'll pull the car around front," he said.

"That's not necessary," she said. I'm here. Isn't the car right there?" she said, pointing to the garage in the back of the house.

Michael obviously didn't like the idea of the mistress of the house leaving from the back door but he acquiesced when she smiled at him tentatively.

Within minutes, they were driving down the street. The nursery was only a few minutes away and she was thrilled with the number and variety of plants on display. Michael stayed next to her and pulled a small red wagon as she loaded up her selection. The nursery was more than happy to open up an account and even arranged for delivery of mulch the next day.

Michael loaded the trunk first with her plants, then the front seat but there were too many of them. So Sophie sat in the back, surrounded by the plants and could barely sit still on the short drive home, too eager to get to work planting all of her new "babies".

Michael arranged for several other of the household staff to help carry the plants to their ultimate destination and Sophie worked until dusk digging holes and carefully planting her new purchases. She was only halfway finished when Jason found her.

"What in the world?" he said, his eyes taking in the newly planted area.

Sophie swung around, her mouth open in shock and fear that she might have overstepped her place. "Jason, it isn't as bad as it looks. And it wasn't as expensive as you might think. The area is far enough away from the main gardens so none of the houseguests will see it. I promise," she finished lamely, realizing that she was babbling out of fear of his reaction.

Jason only stood there, staring at the oasis she had created in one day. There were weeping cherry trees on four corners and the sides were lined with plants that looked to be varying heights, starting on the outside with the higher plants, then moving towards the center with the smaller ones that would stay close to the ground even when mature.

"They are all perennials so they'll come back year after year. I didn't waste any of your money on annuals," she explained when he didn't say anything but continued to stare at her work.

"It's going to be lovely," he said, then looked right into her eyes.

Sophie's whole world brightened. She smiled tentatively at first, then broader as she noted the sincerity in his eyes. "Do you really like it?" she asked again.

"Yes. It is very creative and welcoming," he said, nodding his head to reinforce his words. "are you done?" he asked.

Sophie looked around and thought of many other things she could do. "It needs a fence of some sort," she said. "And the fence should be lined with flowering vines. I don't know what kind but maybe morning glory or a hydrangea vine."

"And a fountain," he said. "In the center." He walked into the middle. "And some chairs to sit in.

Sophie wasn't looking at the yard anymore. She was staring at his face. What he was saying was exactly what she envisioned and it meant more to her than she could have imagined that he would understand her idea. "yes," was all she could get out.

He turned to face her. "This looks great, Sophie. You have real talent. I wasn't kidding this morning when I mentioned that if you wanted to do this as a career, I would back you."

"Really?" she asked, her smile broadening.

He laughed softly. "Yes," he repeated. "Just come up with a business plan and present it to me." He moved closer to her. "And one more thing," he said, his large hands holding her shoulders, then sliding gently down her arms.

"What's that?" she asked, trying to care and ignore the sensations speeding to her stomach with his touch.

"If the gardener ever glares at you again, fire him," he said firmly.

His words snapped through her haze of feeling. "Fire him?" she asked, astounded.

"Yes. Just get rid of him. I will not tolerate rudeness from my staff and neither should you," he explained.

"But they work for you," she said, stepping back and immediately feeling cold without his touch.

"Sophie, that is ridiculous. You are not a guest in this house." He came forward and turned her so she was facing him again. "Is that what you feel like? Is that one of the reasons you were so unhappy before?"

"I suppose that's part of it," she lied. The whole reason had been because she wanted his love and knew that he could never love someone as drab and ordinary as she was. It had been too painful. It still was, she knew. He had married her out of pity after losing her father and she'd let him, knowing how much she'd loved him from the first time she'd seen him. Those feelings hadn't gone away.

"Are you going to tell me the reasons or are you going to demand to be released from this marriage each time you get angry?" he asked, his mouth lowering to kiss the curve of her neck.

"Um..." she couldn't think anymore. His mouth was nibbling on her earlobe now, his hands pulling her body against his and all she could think about was getting more of him.

"What's your favorite color?" he asked suddenly, lifting his head and looking right down at her.

"My favorite color," she repeated, confused by the sudden change of subject.

"Yes," he was looking down at her intently. "And do you know how to drive?"

"No," she replied, unable to hold his gaze. "My father would never let me learn." She stepped out of his arms and picked up her shovel and gloves intending to go back to the house. She had another sudden thought. "Isn't it Saturday night?" she asked, finally looking back at him.

"Yes. Why?"

"Don't you have some sort of function you have to attend?" she asked, worry seeping into her body. "Have I made you late?" She finished picking up all her tools and stuffing them into her work bucket. "I'm sorry. I can be ready to go soon. I just need to shower and change. What's tonight?" she asked.

"Sophie, stop," he said and pulled her bucket of tools out of her hand to carry them back to the house for her. He put a hand in the small of her back and walked beside her. "I canceled our plans for the night," he explained.

"Why would you do that?"

"Because I was told you were absorbed in a project," he replied as if that answered all her questions.

"I'm sorry! I could have stopped. You should have sent someone out to get me."

"It wasn't as important as you finishing what you were doing," he said. "It was only a diner party at Lois Metzinger's house, I believe."

Sophie was silent for a moment. "But isn't Lois a good friend of my father's?"

"I believe that was the reason I accepted the invitation. She isn't a good friend of mine. So I didn't mind not attending. And I didn't think you would be overly devastated by it either once I remembered the last time we had dinner at her house."

"What happened?" she asked, not sure which painful dinner event he was referring to. There had been so many, several of which she'd been the butt of some jokes and had wanted to just hide under the table.

"I believe she criticized your dress that night as soon as you walked in," he said. "Looking back, I guess I shouldn't have accepted the invitation. It only arrived a day or so ago so it was probably organized when they heard of your return."

"Oh," was Sophie's only reply. She watched as he easily stored her heavy bucket of tools on a shelf.

"How about watching a movie with me before dinner?" he suggested.

"A movie? Just the two of us?"

Jason chuckled. "Yes. Occasionally I like to stay in and just relax. If that's okay with you. Or we could go out to a restaurant."

"No!" she said quickly. "A movie sounds lovely," she enthused, eager to spend the night not surrounded by strangers. She didn't even care what movie it was just so long as she didn't have to dress up and face the fact that she was so plain yet again.

"Great," he smiled. "How about if you go change and meet me downstairs in the screening room in a half hour?"

She looked up at him, confused. "you have a screening room?"

Jason rolled his eyes. "Sophie, have you ever taken the time to explore my house? How could you not know that there is a screening room down by the solarium?" But then he chuckled. "I guess I answered my own question. You never got past the solarium, did you?"

She didn't admit that she'd spent a lot of her alone time in that room, fantasizing about Jason falling in love with her and announcing his intense and never-ending love for her. "I did spend a lot of time in there," she said, smiling back at him. She didn't mention what she was doing though.

"I bet you did," he laughed again and hugged her close. "And the rest of the house never interested you, did it?" he said. "Sophie, you are one of a kind. Most other women would have searched out every inch of the house just to see what rooms are available, then make a list for me on improvements and additions," he said. "You'd be happy with a tent outside in the backyard, wouldn't you?"

She laughed with him. "Not a tent but maybe a one room cabin," she said.

"With lots of windows so you could see your plants, eh?"

"That would be nice," she agreed.

"Go upstairs and change, then meet me back down here."

Sophie rushed up the stairs, thrilled that they were going to be spending time together without anyone else around. She hesitated for only a moment when she thought of conversing with him. She didn't think she could entertain him very well, but then was reassured that the movie would take up most of their time together and she only had to get through dinner. From past experience, she knew that he enjoyed witty dinner companions who had a wealth of knowledge on just about every subject. In the beginning, Sophie had read dozens of magazines and kept up with all the latest books on the best sellers list just so she could be knowledgeable on subjects and entertain him during meals. It was almost a competition at times to keep him more amused than the other women who flocked to him, flirting with him and probably suggesting much more when she wasn't in hearing distance.

But she didn't know the current events anymore. In fact, if it didn't pertain to Jason's activities within a newspaper or magazine, she hadn't absorbed the news, too wrapped up in her own healing process. She'd given up on trying to impress anyone when she'd left him that day. She'd only wanted to dig in the dirt and heal her wounded pride.

Sophie showered, dried and pulled on a clean pair of jeans. She searched through her wardrobe, desperate for a shirt that wasn't so big another person could fit into it. She found one finally in the back of her drawer. It was a simple, long sleeved white cotton shirt that she'd worn underneath a jumper a long time ago.

The white shirt looked great against her skin, she realized. She turned her face from side to side in the mirror, looking for the yellow undertones Evelyn had mentioned, but with the white color, her skin just looked creamy and softer.

With shaking fingers, she dabbed on some lipstick and was encouraged by the way it made her look. The reddish pink brightened her face much more, now that it wasn't worn down by a dark brown or black color of clothing.

Her breasts were still too small and without the shirt to hang down to her knees, she realized that her jeans were too loose, almost hanging on her hips. But she realized that her appearance was a vast improvement. What would Jason think? Would he dislike the way she looked?

Sophie knew she'd never know until she walked downstairs to find out. She looked at the closed door and debated her appearance. But deep down inside, she knew she looked better. She liked the new look. Should she really care if Jason did or not? She knew she shouldn't but she did. How did women become so confident that they didn't care what their spouses thought of their appearance?

She walked down to the screening room tentatively and was relieved when Jason just waived her over to one of the low, comfortable looking sofas. There were chairs and sofas as well as tables between each. The walls were a soft gold with dim lights recessed into the ceiling.

"This is a screening room?" she asked, wondering where the television was.

"Of course," he replied, standing up and taking her hand to pull her down next to him.

"Okay. Where is the television?" she asked curiously.

He didn't answer but picked up a remote control and pressed several buttons. "Did you have a preference on movie?" he asked as the lights dimmed and a portion of the ceiling opened up. A screen scrolled down on silent mechanisms and Sophie stared in fascination at the toys he had at his disposal.

"I don't think I have a preference. I haven't seen a movie in years," she said, remembering the only time she was able to go to a movie was when she was in boarding school and her father didn't know anything about it. So it had been about eight years since she'd been to a movie.

"How about an old Cary Grant movie?"

"Sounds perfect," she replied.

The movie suddenly appeared on the screen with only a few more buttons pressed. She sat back next to him, more aware of his presence than of the movie. But by the time the credits scrolled through at the end, she was completely engrossed. She didn't know how it had happened but she found herself curled up next to him, his arm around her shoulders and her head resting on his.

"Ready for dinner?" he asked quietly.

Sophie was again aware of his body next to hers, of his heat seeping through her clothes. Now that the movie was no longer on, she was on fire for him and felt his thumb rub against her shoulder.

"I suppose so," she replied, her mouth suddenly dry.

Instead of getting up, he pulled her closer and kissed her mouth, his tongue requesting entry. Sophie was beyond denying him. She wanted him badly. She knew that in just the three days she'd been back with him, she had become addicted to his touch, to the release he was able to give her and the euphoria she felt afterwards. Last night, she'd missed his touch so she wanted it more now. Desperate to feel more of him, she turned to face him more completely.

Jason didn't need any more prompting. He pulled her up so she was straddling his hips, his hands sliding under her shirt, his long fingers spanning her ribs and resting just underneath her breasts.

Sophie moaned, desperate to feel his hands on her. She moved, adjusting her body to better fit his. Her arms moved around his neck, kissing him to show him her need.

Within moments, he pulled her shirt over her head, his mouth already covering her breast. The feeling of the lace and his mouth was almost too painful and she reached behind her to unsnap her bra.

Jason took over after that. He quickly unsnapped her jeans and stood her up, then slid her jeans down her leg, her underwear following quickly behind her jeans. She stood there, completely naked with him fully dressed.

"Jason?" she asked, feeling vulnerable in front of him.

Jason pulled her back down onto her lap and pushed her back slightly. "I can't wait," he said urgently and adjusted his own jeans so he was free. Within moments, he entered her and Sophie cried out, the feeling of his rough jeans against the velvet hardness of him was too much to bear. She climaxed instantly, her mind unable to function beyond the here and now. She was vaguely aware of Jason finding his own release and fell down onto his chest, her face buried in his neck as her embarrassment took over. "I can't believe we just did that."

Jason chuckled. "Why not?" he asked. "I remember doing this several times over the past few days.

"Yes but that was in a bed, in our bedroom. Not down here where anyone could come in."

"Ah. Now I understand. You like only the bedroom, eh? It seemed like you liked it just fine right here," he said, his hand coming to cover her bare bottom.

Sophie hid her face in his chest and he chuckled softly. "How about if we go find something to eat. I'm guessing that the kitchen staff is already gone for the day so we might have to scrounge for something to eat.

Sophie only nodded her head and stood up, pulling on her clothes quickly. They walked down to the kitchen and found plenty of food to eat so they made a sandwich for themselves and pulled out a jar of pickles. The whole time, Jason asked her questions about the plants she had bought and the different ideas she would do with the yard if she had her preference. He encouraged her to deal with the gardener more sternly and let him know exactly what she wanted.

"I thought the gardens were the way you wanted them to be," she commented, excited by the idea of doing whatever she wanted without the limitations on funding she'd had to deal with because of her previous clients' budget restrictions.

"I don't really care what happens to the gardens as long as I don't have to take care of them," he teased. "So if you want to change something, either inside or out, please do so."

At night, Sophie curled up in bed. She tensed when he came into bed, not sure what he would do. But all he did was pull her close to him, cradling her in his arms. Sophie was sound asleep moments later.

Sunday she found herself alone in bed and wondered if she had only dreamed of sleeping in Jason's arms. She walked downstairs, wondering if she could talk to him in the breakfast room but he wasn't there either.

When she didn't find him in his library, she broke down and asked Higgins where he was. She was ashamed that she didn't know where her husband was but she was too curious to keep on searching the house.

"He asked me to tell you that something came up at work. He said he would be home in time for supper."

Sophie was disappointed but she took her bucket of gardening tools out to her small patch of new garden and spent the day considering all her options.

She discovered that, although she wanted to be independent, she was still in love with her husband. No matter how little interaction she had with him, she admired him too much to not have her feelings involved. And he was too kind and considerate to her. But kindness had nothing to do with her feelings. She knew that just about everything with the man she liked. She loved his smell, his irritating raised eyebrows when he disagreed with someone, she loved the way he kept his temper under control despite the fact that he genuinely disliked something someone said. In those cases, he even encouraged people to speak their opinions. She remembered several dinner parties where a man had disagreed with Jason. In one instance, the man was trying to convince Jason not to buy out his company. Jason had listened to the man's arguments and by the end of the evening, had agreed to back out of his suit to buy the company. She even remembered reading a month later that the man and Jason were starting a venture together.

Personally, she didn't agree with him all the time. She didn't understand why he kept Jocelyn and Evelyn around so much. He didn't seem to like them but he encouraged them to attend most of the dinner parties he held at the house.

Oh, there were things she disliked about him. Such as the fact that he worked so hard and didn't always tell her what he was doing. She would have liked it if he had woken her up this morning to tell her what he was doing instead of slipping out of the room and telling one of the servants.

So what was she going to do about it? She asked herself that question for most of the afternoon as she finished with her small patch and started moving some of the other plants from the other gardens in a more pleasing design.

She could continue with her quest to be freed from the marriage. But deep down, she knew she didn't really want that. It had only taken four days and she was right back in love with him. She even admitted that she was secretly thrilled that he had come to find her, not that she had suspected that he'd been looking for her, nor had she hidden from him. But the fact that he had come for her meant something, didn't it? He could have easily accepted her divorce petition and married someone else very easily.

So again, she wondered, what was she going to do about the situation? She couldn't dress well, she wasn't an extrovert who could throw huge parties easily and then there was her red hair. Maybe she should exclude her red hair from the list of things against her. Jason constantly touched her hair and each time she'd tried to pin it up, he'd just taken it right back down again.

So really, all she had to fix was to become more fashionable and change her whole personality, she thought, chipping away at the hard dirt surrounding an azalea bush that was being smothered by a magnolia tree.

The odds against her were pretty high. How was she to overcome those odds?

She would learn to shop, she said, finally freeing the roots of the azalea and finding it a new home several feet away in a more open area. If other women could do it, so could she. It wasn't that she hated to shop, really. She loved feeling the new clothes and the textures. She just didn't know what would be right for her red hair and pale skin.

Sophie went to bed that night, still missing Jason and trying to figure out what she was going to do with herself to change her image into something Jason would both respect and want to fall in love with.

She woke to the phone ringing the following morning. Rolling over, she noticed that Jason's side of the bed was rumpled so he had obviously slept with her during the night. But she hadn't heard him come in nor had she heard him get ready for work this morning.

The thought that he hadn't bothered to even say hello to her bothered her so deeply, she considered giving up on her plan on making him respect her and fall in love with her. The odds were overwhelmingly against her.

But by the time she finished her morning tea, she had gained back some of her perspective.

"I will not be a doormat any longer," she said out loud to the empty breakfast room.

Dressing in her most sophisticated outfit, which wasn't saying much since it was her only non-black jumper, she phoned Jason's secretary and asked for an appointment with Jason in an hour.

"Of course, Mrs. Randal. Mr. Randal will always be available for you," she said politely.

Sophie only hoped it was true.

Michael drove her to Jason's office and she was struck by how different his business life was. She'd only read stories in the newspapers about his business activities. But she'd never been to his offices before. His company apparently took over an entire fifteen story building. Where his home was the epitome of old school, titled England with all the ancestry and history available, right down to the ancient oak trees lining the property and driveway, Jason's office was all steel and glass. The lobby was intimidating with its marble and chrome decor along with forbidding security guards keeping all visitors from entering the bank of elevators without permission.

"Good evening, ma'am," the first security guard said politely. "How may I help you?" he asked.

"I'm here to see my husband, Mr. Randal," she said with as much dignity as she could muster. It seemed a little odd that she would have to announce herself like this but she supposed there were reasons Jason's offices were so heavily guarded.

The man looked her up and down, taking in her drab outfit and unsophisticated demeanor. Obviously the man doubted a man as sharp looking and charming as Jason Randal would choose a mousy life like her but she stood up straighter and tried to look intimidating.

"May I see some identification, please?" he asked.

Sophie was floored but she pulled out her driver's license. Unfortunately, it was still her old name and the man shook his head, looking back at her skeptically. "Do you have anything with your current name on it?" he asked, still holding her license.

Sophie shook her head. "No, I don't but if you call up to my husband's office, I'm sure he'll be able to describe me easily," she said, trying not to become discouraged.

The man called somewhere but it obviously wasn't Jason himself. Nevertheless, she was immediately granted a visitor's pass which did not require an escort. That was something, she told herself as she pressed the button on the elevator, refusing to look back at the security guard she knew was still watching her skeptically.

Jason's secretary met her at the elevator as soon as the doors opened. She introduced herself as Maggie and looked to be in her mid-fifties with a very polite demeanor. She struck Sophie as being extraordinarily efficient. "Good morning, Mrs. Randal. Mr. Randal is still in a meeting but I've sent someone to let him know that you are here to speak with him. If you'll follow me, I'll show you to his office," she said and waived her hand to the right, indicating that Jason's office was in that direction.

Sophie followed Maggie and replied to many of her polite questions but was extremely nervous about imposing on Jason in this way. She kept reminding herself that it was necessary and she must be brave enough to get through this ordeal. The possible benefits would far outweigh the embarrassment she was currently feeling.

"Sophie! What are you doing here?" Jason said, his deep voice coming from the doorway to a conference room.

"I...I needed to speak with you. I'm terribly sorry about interrupting your day," she said, her eyes worriedly searching his for any sign of annoyance.

"Thank you Maggie," he said and nodded to his secretary. He put an arm to the small of her back and guided her into his office, closing the door behind him.

"What's the surprise visit about?" he asked.

Taking a deep breath, she turned away from him and started, knowing it was the only way to get her requests out. "I need some money and since I can't really work, I was hoping you could...." She started but had no idea how to stop.

Jason was quiet for a long moment and she finally looked back to see his reaction.

"You came all the way down here to ask for money?" he said and she had the odd impression that he was hurt for some reason.

She nodded her head and shrugged her shoulders. "I'm sorry. I don't have anyone else to ask. I know this is terribly bold of me," she said awkwardly, unable to finish her sentence again since his eyes turned hard and unyielding.

"Sophie, if you ever ask any other person for money other than me I'll be furious with you," he said tightly. He reached into his wallet and extracted a gold card. "Here. Will this work for you?" he said.

She took the credit card and nodded, still unable to say anything else. He had every right to be furious, she thought. She didn't deserve anything from him. He'd been nothing but generous. And now she was asking for more. Sophie felt awful but reminded herself that this would all make him proud of her in the end. "Well, thank you." She said and started for the door.

"You're not going to run away again, are you?" he said, his deep, hard voice halting her steps.

She spun around, horrified that he would think such thoughts when it was exactly the opposite that she was trying to accomplish. "No. Oh, Jason, nothing like that has occurred to me," she said, moving several steps closer.

"Except Saturday morning when you demanded to be released from our marriage," he replied grimly, his hands sliding through his hair. "I'll take you on your word, Sophie. You have Michael driving you about, correct?" he asked.

"Yes. He's been very nice," she said, looking down at the floor.

"Well, then. I guess you have a busy day, don't you?"

"Yes," she said, wishing she could just run out of the office. But she forced herself to look up at his handsome face and ask, "Do we have plans for tonight?"

He looked at her for a long moment. "I don't have any plans until Wednesday night. I would appreciate it if you would accompany me to a cocktail party I'm throwing for the company we are trying to acquire," he said simply.

"Of course," she said and smiled brightly. "Well, then, I'll see you tonight at dinner?" she asked hopefully.

Jason shrugged. "I'm not sure. The negotiations are pretty tense right now. That's why I had to work so much this weekend." He walked closer to her, putting a finger to her cheek and looking down into her eyes. "I'm sorry I missed you yesterday. What did you do?"

She tried to focus, wishing he wasn't so devastatingly handsome but loving the fact that he was hers. "I finished working in my garden." She smiled mischievously before continuing, "Then I moved several plants which is sure to get the gardener's dander up."

Jason chuckled but dropped his hand. "Well, just don't take any more abuse from him," he said.

"I won't," she said and took a deep breath. "Well, you have important things to do. Again, I apologize for bothering you. I'll let you get back to...whatever you were doing," she said and turned towards the door.

She was almost to the door when Jason's voice stopped her. "Sophie," he said loudly, "you're my wife. You don't count as an interruption," he said as if amazed that she would consider herself such.

She couldn't respond but only smiled her appreciation before slipping out of his office and down the hallway again.

"Okay, Michael," she said when she reached the street level again, "I'm not exactly sure where to go," she explained. "But I need to buy clothes."

Michael looked at her with a blank stare. "Clothes, ma'am?"

"Yes," she said and nodded determinedly. "But not these kinds of clothes," she said, pulling her large jumper out from her body. "I need something that will make me look beautiful," she explained.

Michael smiled. "I know exactly the place," he said confidently and opened the back door for her.

She hesitated. "Are the salespeople knowledgeable? They won't let me buy anything that will make me look even more ridiculous than I already do, will they?"

Michael chuckled. "Trust me, ma'am," he said, "I will put you in the hands of a personal friend and will explain the situation to him."

Sophie smiled brightly. "That would be wonderful," she said, greatly relieved that there would be someone else to advise her on her purchases.

He drove her into the shopping district and stopped at a large department store she had shopped at several times with her father. She knew the clothes were very good quality. The best in fact, without getting into the personally tailored clothes. But she had experienced this store before and hadn't had a very good experience.

"Um, Michael?" she asked, reluctantly stepping out of the car. "This isn't exactly what I had in mind."

Michael smiled gently. "Never fear, ma'am. I never go back on a promise."

"But this is where my father always took me to get my clothes. In fact, I believe he purchased this dress right here," she said, wishing she could just hide in the car again, feeling defeated.

"You didn't get any help from Sasha, did you?"

"Sasha?" she repeated. "No, I don't believe that's the salesperson who helped me. Her name was Mary something or other," she said.

"Sasha is the best. I promise," he said and closed the car door behind her.

Michael walked in ahead of her, opening the front door for her instead of the uniformed doorman standing at attention. He led her through the makeup counters, right to the back of the store. Exactly where Sophie's father had taken her.

Immediately, a woman with brown hair and preppy, black flat shoes. "Ms. Brandon!" Mary said enthusiastically. "It has definitely been a long time. How are you?" she said.

Michael immediately stepped in front of the ordinary looking woman. "We're here to see Sasha," he said. "I called a few minutes ago to make sure she would be available."

"I'm right here, Michael," a gorgeous lady with black hair curling in every direction, strategically pinned to accentuate her prominent cheekbones. Large silver earrings were attached to her perfect little ears but the most amazing part of this woman was her outfit. It positively yelled "style" and "daring". "Thank you so much Mary, but I believe my services are needed here," she said and smiled warmly at Sophie. "Hello, Mrs. Randal. It is good to meet you. I understand from Michael that you are in search of a different look. Is that correct?" she asked.

"I don't think this is appropriate," Mary said, trying to step out from behind Michael. "Mr. Brandon had very particular tastes and he wasn't willing to pay for anything outlandish, Sasha!"

Sasha only laughed. "Mary, may I introduce you to Mrs. Randal?" she said. "She married Jason Randal, the financier a little over a year ago," she explained. "You know Jason Randal, don't you? He's the one who attends all the society functions and openings."

Sophie didn't like the fight that was starting between the two salespeople. "Mary, thank you so much for your services, but Sasha is right. I'm in search of a different look now."

"But..." Mary tried to interject but Michael just shook his head and guided Mary away.

Sophie looked worriedly at Sasha. But the salesperson immediately put her at ease. "Now, with your fabulous hair and pale skin, perhaps something in muted golds and soft blues but adding a few bright greens that will bring out your gorgeous eyes,' she said, one finger tapping her lips as she considered all of Sophie's features.

"Golds and blues?" Sophie said excitedly.

"Yes, but I'm thinking that your personality is a little shy so you don't want to be too daring. Am I right?"

Sophie visibly relaxed. "Yes," she said.

"How many outfits do you need?" she asked.

Sophie bit her lip, wondering how much she could get away with. Sasha laughed. "Since your husband is the current billionaire, you don't really have to worry about costs, my dear. I guarantee that anything you spend in here will not even be noticed on his bank balance but it will definitely be noticed in the society columns. I'll make sure of that."

Sophie laughed. "Well, then with that kind of confidence, I need a complete wardrobe."

"Then let's get to work," she said and was suddenly serious. "How about if I order you a cup of tea and some refreshments and I'll put some things together for you to try on. Does that sound convenient?"

"That would be lovely," Sophie said, relieved beyond belief and suddenly needing a chair to fall into. A strong cup of tea would not be ignored either.

Within an hour, Sophie already had ten outfits lined up with several more to go. In addition to cocktail dresses and evening dresses which were an absolute necessity, she gave Sophie jeans that curved to her slender figure, solid colored slacks and contrasting blouses of daring fabrics with matching heels that helped Sophie to step out carefully instead of a complicated outfit that might look silly and fall apart too easily. The evening dresses were made of bright colors that hugged her figure, showing off curves that Sophie hadn't realized she had. Sophie had always thought she'd had small breasts and was too skinny. But with Sasha's advice, Sophie found that her breasts were in perfect proportion to the rest of her figure. With the right clothes, Sophie felt like a new person.

"I wasn't sure I'd be able to encourage you into this dress but since you've had so much fun with the other outfits, I thought I might entice you with this dress," she said, holding up an emerald green, silk, strapless dress. The folds were demure enough on the hangar, but when Sophie zipped it up, the pleats lifted and hugged her breasts, making them look larger, pushing them upwards for a voluptuous look. The folds underneath wrapped around her tiny waist, then flared out slightly around her hips to finally fall gracefully to the floor.

"Do you think I could really pull that off, Sasha?" she asked, her voice filled with doubt.

"Oh, yes," she replied enthusiastically. "But you'd have to save it for a very special occasion," she said. "Isn't your husband's annual company party coming up?' she asked. "I thought I read about some preparations recently in one of the columns."

Sophie didn't know anything about it but didn't want to admit that to Sasha. It was too embarrassing that a salesperson knew more about her husband's business than she did. "I suppose so," she finally said, her fingers touching the material lovingly.

"This would be the perfect dress for that kind of event. I've seen them in the past and it will definitely thrill your husband beyond belief," she enthused.

Taking a deep breath, Sophie nodded her head. "Okay. I'll take it," she said. "Do I need anything else?"

Sasha just laughed. "Of course, but I think you are worn out for today. I'll search for more outfits for you and I'll see you..." she looked at her calendar, "next Wednesday?" she suggested.

Sophie thought quickly. "I suppose that would be okay. I'll see what the reaction to this extravagance is."

Sasha smiled confidently. "I guarantee that he will love every new outfit."

The store staff stored her purchases in the trunk of the limousine. Michael drove her home and Sophie smoothed the sophisticated pair of slacks over her legs nervously. Would Jason approve of the color? They were a deep, midnight blue with a high waist and the silk blouse was white, in Sasha's effort to keep the outfits as simple as possible. The shoes were simple blue pumps but were higher than what she normally wore, making her feel more confident and daring.

With a confident wink from Michael, she walked into the house. Her eyes immediately fell to Higgins for his reaction. It was instantaneously approving. "You look magnificent, ma'am," he said graciously, bowing slightly and smiling.

"Is Jason home yet?" she asked, her eyes moving from the closed library doors to the empty staircase, hoping to find him walking towards her and seeing her transformation.

"I'm sorry to say he will be arriving late again tonight," he replied.

Sophie felt deflated. "Oh. Well, then that's different." She walked up the stairs, wishing he could see her but sure she'd catch him before she fell asleep tonight.

Unfortunately, she missed him that night although she stayed up as late as possible, reading in the library. When she woke up around midnight, still in her new clothes to a silent house and no Jason, she went up stairs, changed into her old fashioned nightgown, optimistic for the morning.

The next three days were exactly the same. She spent her time roaming around in the huge house, reading books and the newspaper, searching for news of her husband through even the gossip columns. But for once, there was no mention of anything going on at Randal Enterprises. She knew that he slept beside her each night because of the indentation on the pillow and Jason's aftershave lingering in the shower.

Wednesday night, she dressed carefully, knowing that Jason had mentioned that there was some sort of event he wanted her to be at that night. She dressed in a dark blue, silk skirt with a matching jacket that fitted her perfectly. She was dressed and ready a half an hour ahead of time and wandered downstairs in time to hear the phone ring. She quickly answered it and her heart accelerated when she heard Jason's voice.

"I'm sorry, Sophie. I'm running late. Can I meet you at the party? Something has come up but I promise to finish it quickly and meet you there."

"Of course," she said sadly. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

"Just go to the party and talk to Elizabeth. I understand she's attending tonight as well without her husband. She's worried about the negotiations and they may turn nasty if I can't turn them around in the next few days."

"Are their demands out of the limits?" she asked.

"Yes and no." He sighed deeply. "It's pretty complicated and I don't want to bore you with the details. I'll see you later, okay?"

"That's fine," she replied, and hung up the phone.

Higgins was standing at the doorway, her coat in hand. "I guess I'm on my own," she said and smiled wanly, allowing Higgins to drape her new blue coat over her shoulders.

"You'll do well," he said, and the reassurance in his voice really boosted her confidence.

Sophie arrived at the appointed house and greeted her host and hostess, Lord and Lady Gravely who seemed surprised by her appearance alone as well as her attire.

"Mrs. Randal, you look absolutely stunning in that color. Why have you been hiding all that gorgeous hair?" Lady Gravely said.

"That's very gracious of you," Sophie said, running a nervous hand through her hair. "I'm sorry that Jason is going to be late," she explained. "There were some issues that came up late in the day that had to be resolved."

"Not a problem," Lady Gravely said. "Come along with me," she said and took Sophie's hand in hers. "I believe we need to start the introduction of you all over again." Lady Gravely chuckled softly. "You look like a completely different person. And when your father was alive, I don't think he ever would have let you attend a function without him."

"My father was a very social animal, wasn't he?" Sophie said as way of an excuse. She didn't like people to know how controlling her father had been, and how distrustful of her.

"Matthew, have you ever met Mrs. Randal?" Linda Gravely said to a tall, slender man leaning against a column near the entrance to the living room where most of the guests were talking. "Sophie, this is Matthew Evers, a cousin of mine on my husband's side. He seems to appear whenever he becomes bored traveling around the world.

The man turned with a bored expression but after one look at Sophie, his interest perked up. "Mrs. Randal?" he repeated. "I don't believe I've ever had the pleasure," he said. Taking Sophie's hand, he gently kissed her knuckles. "How delightful." He glanced down at Linda, "Please tell me she is no relation to Jason Randal."

Linda laughed. "I'm afraid she is, Matthew. So behave."

"A distant relation, perhaps?"

"His wife," Linda corrected.

Sophie's hand was still captured in Matthew's large one and her face was now in flames of embarrassment. But she stood tall, pretending like nothing was amiss. "You know my husband, Mr. Evers?"

"Call me Matthew," he said, chuckling as he tucked her hand into his arm and guided her towards the other guests. "And I think it is safe to say that everyone knows Jason Randal. And I do vaguely remember hearing that he had gotten married suddenly about a year ago, is that right?"

"Yes," she replied quietly. She hated being part of the rumor mill but she supposed it was part and parcel of being married to Jason.

"I never would have guessed you were the one they said he married," Matthew said, looking down at her curiously. "The rumors were obviously very wrong."

Sophie didn't ask him to elaborate on the rumors. They were obviously hurtful and she didn't need anything to prick her confidence tonight. "Well, I'm glad to throw a wrench into the gossip's trail."

Matthew chuckled again. "You probably do much more than throw a wrench into them, don't you?"

She looked up at him confused. "I'm not sure what you mean."

Matthew's eyes widened, and after a moment, so did his grin. "I guess you don't, do you?" He seemed to pull her closer at that point but they had approached the first group of people and Matthew introduced her to the crowd who, once the introductions were over, continued with their discussion on the latest politics.

The evening was yet another boring event but Sophie eventually spied Elizabeth across the room. The older woman smiled and waved but she couldn't get across the room at that point. Sophie smiled back then turned to politely listen to the group she was with discuss their most recent mountain climbing excursion. Since Sophie had never been mountain climbing nor had any interest in doing so, she had to listen politely and wait for her opportunity to excuse herself from the group.

After dinner, Sophie finally found herself alone on a balcony. She breathed in the refreshing, cool air and accepted that Jason probably wasn't going to make it tonight. But she had done okay on her own. Most of her small success tonight was due to Matthew Evers though. He had kept her close for the first part of the night until Lady Gravely finally said he must stop monopolizing her time. He let her go but it was flattering, the look in his eyes as he moved away to another group of people.

"I thought I'd find you out here," Elizabeth said, closing the French doors behind her. "If there's an escape to nature, I'm assuming you'll find it, won't you?" she laughed.

Sophie joined in, liking the woman's teasing tone. It wasn't like the malicious laughter inside when they were tearing someone else apart. "I guess you're right although I'd never really thought about it."

"It feels good, doesn't it?" she said, taking in a deep breath.

"Yes. Things get a little hectic inside, don't they?"

"Especially if you are on the arm of Matthew Evers," Elizabeth said, looking sternly at Sophie. "It might be better if you stayed away from that man," she said.

"Really?"

"yes. He's not very nice where the women are concerned," she said.

Sophie looked out into the inky sky and sighed. "I think I already knew that."

"But it was nice to have someone look at you as if you were a woman, instead of just a wife, right?" she said, knowingly.

Sophie reluctantly nodded her head.

Elizabeth nodded as well. "I've only met your husband a few times but I'm guessing he doesn't really know how to be a very good one, does he?"

"Oh, Jason is wonderful," Sophie defended.

"Except that he isn't here."

"You're husband isn't here either."

"Yes, that's why I know what you're going through. But take it from an old, wise woman who has seen and done it all. Don't be pulled in by the Matthew Evers of this world. They only bring trouble and, I can guarantee, nothing else."

Sophie personally thought Matthew was harmless but wasn't going to contradict Elizabeth. "Perhaps you're right."

"Of course I'm right," she said. "But that isn't what I came out here to talk about. I wanted to thank you for your advice the other day. I put the beer in small little dishes around my hostas and I haven't seen any new holes in the leaves."

"That's great news!"

"Well, that's not to say that there won't be."

"Yes, you have to refresh the beer periodically."

"And throw out the old stuff," Elizabeth laughed, wrinkling her nose. "I have the gardener do that part."

Sophie laughed as well. "That sounds like a good plan."

"So when are you coming over to take a look at my roses?" Elizabeth asked.

"I don't know," Sophie replied. She had assumed the initial invitation had been simply polite dinner talk.

"Is tomorrow too soon for you?" she asked. "You could take a look at the awful black spot plaguing some of my tea roses, then we could have lunch. Will that be okay?"

Sophie nodded eagerly. "That would be lovely,' she said.

"Good. I have to go now and drag my irritating husband home so he can battle the negotiations tomorrow. Apparently some scurvy business pirate is trying to take over my husband's company," she said, winking at Sophie.

Sophie gasped. "Jason said there were tensions. Is there anything I can do?" she asked. "I can assure you that Jason treats his employees extremely well."

"Oh, don't worry about that," she said, waving her hand. "All this talk is just a whole bunch of baloney. Edward just doesn't want to retire but I'm forcing him into it. We have three grandchildren that I get to see only once a year. I want him to retire so we can travel more and see the world as well as my grandchildren. Just let the men play their games and everything will work itself out in the end."

Without another word, Elizabeth walked over to the balcony and walked inside, leaving Sophie leaning against the cement banister, staring at her in awe. How could one woman know her husband so well? She hoped she would understand Jason, even a little. But would she be married to him thirty years from now?

Sophie looked down at her lovely blue dinner suit and smoothed the front lovingly. "Not at this rate," she said to the night.

Sophie fell asleep that night determined to tell Jason what Elizabeth had said after dinner. She was sure it would ease everyone's minds to know that this was all a lot of fuss over nothing. But the following morning, she woke up again to an empty bed. This time, there was a large bouquet of flowers beside the bed but that only made her angrier. Jason had slept beside her for the past five nights and hadn't touched her in any way.

Did he not want her anymore? That couldn't be true! Not after all she'd done to change her appearance so she wasn't so mousy anymore. He couldn't turn away from her just when she was determined to fight for him.

Throwing back the covers, she showered and changed clothes, this time into a pair of blue and white striped slacks and a white, short sleeved sweater with a boat neck which, according to Sasha, pulled the eyes upwards instead of downwards.

She called the store and made an appointment for the moment the store opened up. Michael drove her again and stood sentry inside, not close enough to hear what Sophie had to ask Sasha, but close enough so he could intercede with Mary if she approached again.

"What can I do for you today, Mrs. Randal?"

Sophie waived aside the formality. "Sasha, I need your advice but it is a little embarrassing."

"Okay. I'm glad you thought I could help."

Sophie looked away but her face flamed red before she could start. "You see, Jason hasn't seen me yet. All these wonderful new clothes that work miracles on my figure and my confidence but he's been working late so I'm already asleep when he comes home." She finished then waited for Sasha's advice. She wasn't disappointed.

"So if you're asleep, that means you're in bed when he comes to bed?"

"Yes, of course," Sophie said.

"Not 'of course'," she said. "You would be amazed at how many couples sleep apart. But that's not the issue with you so follow me," she said and led Sophie out of the clothes and into the lingerie department. "What you need is more enticing sleeping attire."

Sasha picked up a silver nightgown that seemed to shimmer as it moved. The straps were thin and the bodice plunged deeply. Sophie fingered the material eagerly. "Oh, Sasha. I knew you'd be able to help me. This is exactly what I was thinking of," she said.

Sasha didn't just stop at nightgowns. She led Sophie through a whole new underwear experience. With Sasha's encouragement, Sophie purchased lacy bras and matching panties, thigh-high stockings, corsets and so many silky robes and peignoirs Sophie could barely breathe in anticipation of Jason seeing her in one of them.

Sophie left two hours later with a car filled with sexy clothes, determined to get back to at least a sexual relationship with Jason. If he wasn't going to be around her during the day, at least he could actually see her transformation at night.

She went to Elizabeth's house for lunch and had a fun meal with the older woman. Elizabeth regaled Sophie with stories of her grandchildren's antics and their intelligence and bombarded her with pictures and cards, all made by little hands.

As she sat in the back of the car that afternoon, Sophie couldn't remember a more pleasant afternoon. The woman was genuine and laughed at life. Sophie wanted to be just like her. She was elegant but very down to earth, loved gardening and her children and mostly her husband. She had dedicated her life to helping his business but now she was demanding payback by having him retire.

Sophie spent another lonely night at home, eating dinner in Jason's library and feeling silly about it. But it was the only place she felt close to him. She knew that he used to spend a lot of time there in his office. Why didn't he now?

Sophie didn't sleep that night. She wore the silver negligee and only slept fitfully. She thought she heard something in the bathroom around one in the morning but Jason never came to bed. She woke the following morning and his side of the bed had not been disturbed.

That bothered Sophie so much she almost threw her new clothes out the window. What was the point in trying to change when he wasn't around to see her change?

She pulled on a white silk shirt and a pair of red slacks, the color boosting her confidence slightly. Sasha had originally suggested black slacks but after years of wearing black, Sophie was through with it. She looked at her reflection in the mirror. Evelyn had always told her to stay away from colors and Sophie had listened. But now, wearing bright red, she knew that she looked nice. Sasha explained that the red in the slacks was far enough away from her hair so it wouldn't contrast with it but would highlight the color, making her hair look more daring and sultry. She loved the way the cut of the slacks made her legs look longer and her waist look small.

Sophie had to agree with Sasha's assessment of the colors she'd selected, she thought as she put on a small amount of lipstick and mascara. She patted her nose with powder and added small earrings, then surveyed her final appearance. She definitely wasn't a cool, blond like Jocelyn or Evelyn. But she had to admit that she looked nice. Pretty even, she thought.

She wandered downstairs, reviewing her strategy. What could she do if Jason wasn't around to see her? She needed something to occupy her mind and her time during the day. She knew she was spending too much time worrying about her appearance and other people's opinions and she was tired of it.

But what was the next step?

She was just about to enter the breakfast room for her morning tea when she heard voices. Apparently Evelyn and Jocelyn had made themselves at home yet again. But that was odd. They usually only came around when they knew Jason was going to be home.

"Mother, what am I going to do?" she heard Jocelyn saying in a desperate whine. "Things were going so well between Jason and me when she had to show up again."

Her words froze Sophie in the hallway. Jocelyn and Jason? That couldn't be. Jason had said he didn't particularly care for Jocelyn.

"Dear, don't worry. You know Jason had to bring her back. He needed a mousy, non-threatening wife to get him through this business deal. You know how men flock to you. You would pose a threat to any woman so the men will keep their wives away from you and the wives will definitely keep their husbands out of your reach, regardless of your feelings for Jason. He'll take care of her once this acquisition is finalized. You'll have your chance. Jason promised and he never goes back on his word," she was saying.

The words were awful and Sophie's heart sank. She had to lean against the table in the hallway to keep herself standing as the pain of Jason's betrayal sank in.

He only needed her for this latest acquisition? Was she that non-threatening? Of course she was, Sophie told herself. That made so much more sense. She'd always wondered why Jason had married her. And now she understood. She wasn't a threat to anyone, male or female. She was too mousy, too plain, too boring.

The tears fell freely and she heard movement outside. Sophie quickly slipped into the library, not willing to let either woman know how much they had hurt her.

As the two passed her hiding space, she couldn't make out all the words but she heard, "next time" and cringed. What was going to happen next time?

Sinking down into the nearest chair, Sophie stared out into the bright, morning sunshine. All her hopes and dreams of Jason falling in love with her were now squashed. She sat there for a long time, wondering what she was going to do about it.

Finally it occurred to her that she didn't have to be the victim here. If Jason wanted something from this relationship, so could she. Jason wanted a compliant, mousy wife, did he? Well what did she want? Besides his love, she thought, her mouth grimacing as a stab of pain sliced through her heart. She pushed the pain aside, knowing now that Jason could never return her love. So what could he do for her?

Sophie settled into a large leather chair and considered her options. What did she really want? What could she do? She loved gardening and she had good abilities to picture landscaping options in her mind. Why couldn't she start a landscaping business?

The more she thought about it, the better the idea was. Why should she not start her own business?

Sophie pulled out a pen and paper and quickly started writing. She wrote so fast, there were times she couldn't read her handwriting and had to cross out the words and start over again.

By the afternoon, she realized that she needed a computer to keep all her ideas managed properly. Without hesitation and with a determination she hadn't felt since her school days, she phoned Michael and told him she needed to get to a computer store.

Within two hours, she was back at home with a computer in the trunk of the car. While Michael unloaded the computer, she searched throughout the house, seeing rooms she'd never knew existed. She went in and out of rooms, opening drapes and examining window spaces. After going into so many rooms she hadn't taken the time to discover, she finally found what she wanted. It was near the ballroom towards the back of the house and was smaller than almost every other room. It was only about fourteen by fourteen feet square but the windows were perfect. On two walls, there were floor to ceiling windows that made the room look bright and airy. Half the windows were covered with the boxwood bushes that had been left to grow out of control on this side of the house, probably because of lack of use and visibility from the front door and driveway.

Looking at her watch, she realized it was almost five o'clock. She quickly phoned to the gardening hut where she knew the gardener worked most of his time when he wasn't out digging in the yard or glaring at her. She requested his presence immediately and then drew some designs while she waited for him to arrive.

"Yes, ma'am?" the ornery man said, holding his hat politely in his hands as he entered the room. "I understand you wanted to speak with me."

Sophie glanced up at him briefly but knew she'd handle this confrontation better if she looked down at her plans. "Yes. Thank you for coming. I know that it is time for you to go home for the evening but I have some drawings I want you to start working on first thing tomorrow morning."

She motioned for him to come closer to the table she was working on. "I want these bushes taken out and replaced with lower bushes that graduate out like this..." she explained, showing him her drawings. She went into detail on exactly what she wanted and how it was to be laid out, to the point of which plants would work best. "How long will it take you to finish this?" she asked.

The man didn't appear to like her ideas and grimaced. "Well, fact is, I don't think Mr. Randal will want those bushes taken out. He kinda likes em there," he said keeping the belligerence low but still subtly present.

"Well, if Mr. Randal ever starts working in this room, then you may put the bushes back in front of the windows. But until then, this is what will be out there. If you can't accomplish it, then I will hire someone who can."

The man gritted his teeth. "I'll have it done, ma'am."

"When?"

"There's lots of projects that are underway."

Sophie sighed and looked directly at the man, irritation eliminating her shyness and increasing her determination. "I understand directly from Mr. Randal that he doesn't particularly care what happens to the gardens as long as they are presentable. So by whose authority are you acting?"

The man's eyes slitted in his anger at being caught in a lie. "What do you know about the things happening here? Ain't you gonna be gone soon?"

Sophie gasped at the anger emanating from him. "Thank you. That will be all I need from you. I'll make sure you are compensated for your time. Please bring all your personal belongings home with you tonight since you will not be permitted on the grounds after five-thirty."

Without another word, she walked out of the room and down the hallway, actually nervous of the anger and shock the man was experiencing. She spotted Higgins in the hallway. "Mr. Higgins, I just relieved the gardener from his duties but I don't believe he is very happy about it. Would you be sure he leaves without destroying any property or hurting anyone? I'm not sure about his character but he worries me," she said.

Higgins raised himself up and nodded eagerly. "With pleasure, ma'am," he replied. With a determined look, Higgins proceeded down the hallway towards the room Sophie had just vacated.

Sophie was so angry, she went upstairs to her room and waited until she saw the gardener leaving the grounds. Higgins was standing at driveway and watched as well, ensuring that the man actually left.

Relieved, Sophie sat down on her bed, her legs about to give out on her. That was how Jason found her. He rushed into the room, his eyes sharpening on her. "Sophie, Higgins just told me that you'd relieved the gardener," he said, a smile on his face. "How did it go?" he asked.

Sophie watched as he came over to the bed, putting his arms around her. "Oh, Jason!" she said. She ignored the humiliation of the morning after she'd heard about Evelyn's comment and just absorbed Jason's strength. "It was horrible," she said.

Jason's arms closed around her and he pulled her gently onto his lap, cradling her as her body started to shiver. "What did he say to you to make you feel like this?" he asked.

Sophie didn't want to repeat the words so she lied. "It was his anger that was almost palpable," she explained, sniffing in an effort to get herself together.

Jason squeezed her shoulders tightly. "I'm sorry," he said. "I should have dismissed him as soon as I understood you were having problems with him. I just..." he stopped before he finished his sentence. "I'm sorry," he repeated.

He held her like that for a long time before she was able to pull herself together. Then she sniffed one last time. Sliding off his lap, she stood up and grabbed a tissue off the bedside table. "I'm sorry," she said, drying her eyes and grimacing as the white tissue revealed that her mascara was smeared all over her face. "Good grief," she said, looking down at the long, black smudges. "I must look a fright,' she sighed.

Jason didn't say anything for a long time. But when she looked up at him, she could see he was examining her outfit. "You look extraordinarily beautiful, Sophie," he replied. His dark, black eyes rested on her breasts, as if he could see the skimpy lace of her bra through the silk of her blouse. "Did you get this on your latest shopping trip?" he asked, standing up and taking her hands in his so he could twirl her around and see her from all sides.

"Yes," she replied, the memory of Evelyn's comments coming back to her. "Not very mousy, is it?" she said with a bitter twist.

Jason chuckled. "Definitely not. But I like it," he said. "What's the occasion?" he asked.

Sophie took a deep breath and walked away. "No occasion. I just got tired of being buried in my clothes."

"I'm impressed. How about if we go out for dinner to show off your new look?" he suggested, following right behind her. He stopped when she sank down onto her dressing table to repair her makeup, looking at her eyes in the mirror.

"You want to take me out to dinner?" she asked, surprised. That didn't make sense, she thought to herself. Why would he want to be seen in public with her if he didn't need to. "Do you need to meet the clients or something?" she asked, biting back the bitter tears.

"Actually, I was thinking about just the two of us somewhere quiet where you can tell me what you've been up to for the past few days while I've neglected you."

This was Sophie's chance to show him her business plan. She turned around to face him, looking up into his handsome face. "Are you really interested or are you just being polite? We could call Jocelyn and Evelyn over for dinner. Wouldn't that be more to your liking?"

Jason's eyes narrowed at her sharp tone. "Why in the world would I want them along? They interrupt everything anyone says in order to get their own story in. I'd much rather hear about you."

Sophie stared at him and tamped down the warm glow his words inspired within her. Was he only being nice? Was he trying to keep her happy so she'd be around for the tense finale of the acquisition?

She considered her options. She could reject his offer, allowing that he was only being nice and didn't really care. If she followed that path, she might not ever have a chance to discuss her business plan with him and get him to follow through on his promise to set her up in her own business. But if she went to dinner with him, she'd probably have his undivided attention and could present her ideas, then figure out if he had been sincere in backing her.

Deciding to go with the latter, she smiled up at him and nodded her head. "Okay. Let's go out to dinner."

"Great. Let me just change." He walked over to his closet and discarded his tie and jacket, then stripped off his clothes before heading into the bathroom. Seeing his naked body, she wanted to just call him back and entice him to bed, her body craving his touch after so long without it. But she didn't, worried that he was only making love with her in order to keep her happy.

She left the bedroom and wandered downstairs, afraid to stay in the bedroom for fear of her reaction to him coming out. She sat in the living room, flipping through a magazine while she waited for him to finish.

The warm glow of the candles in the small, cottage style restaurant created a romantic glow around each linen covered table. The hostess led them to a table in the corner, far away from the crowds and kitchens. Jason immediately ordered a bottle of red wine then turned to face Sophie. "Okay, tell me what you've been up to. I'm guessing by the papers in your hand that you've been working on some idea, correct?"

Sophie smothered a smile of excitement, trying to remain professional about the situation. She pictured in her mind what Jason would look like when he went into a meeting with a potential client or target and tried to emulate him. She spread her papers out on the table and started her speech.

Fifteen minutes later, Jason had to smile and Sophie stopped. "What's so funny?" she asked, pulling the papers away.

Jason stopped her, covering her hands with his large, warm one. "Nothing is funny. I like this plan," he said and pulled the papers forward again. "It's obvious you've put a lot of work into this idea. Keep talking," he encouraged.

Sophie continued to look at his smile and started to become flustered. "Jason, why are you smiling like that. You can be serious with me. If you think this idea is silly, just tell me."

Jason leaned forward, pulling her hands across the table. "Sophie, have you ever known me to hide the truth from anyone?" he demanded.

Sophie wanted to shrink away from his intense gaze but she remembered her newfound desire to not be a wallflower and she held his gaze. "No," she finally answered.

"Right. So if I tell you I'm impressed, then I expect you to believe me. Now finish your presentation. Please," he said, almost as an afterthought.

Sophie finished, but she wasn't as excited as she was before. There were too many thoughts going through her head and she couldn't seem to concentrate anymore on the papers.

"You've done a lot of research and creative thinking. I like your idea but I think you should reconsider your advertising budget. It is too small. And you'll need an office space as well. I don't know what you were thinking about initially but you'll need a large area for clients to sit down in if you want them to come to you. If you're going to go to them, then you'll need to factor in a car that is large enough to hold designs. Also, who is your target clientele? If it is the upper class, then you'll need to invest in a larger area so you can have more inventory. You might want to consider a warehouse to store some of the plants."

"If you're looking for a more middleclass clientele, then perhaps they would want to wait longer so they can get a discounted price instead of the premium for immediate service others might demand. If that's the case, you'll need to research suppliers." Jason continued to give her advice and even pulled out a pen from his pocket and handed it to her so she could take notes. Sophie frantically wrote down what he said but her mind was whirling with his business sense. He came up with several points she hadn't even considered.

The meal was delicious but Sophie spent most of the evening asking him questions and getting advice. She was doubly amazed at how much he knew.

On the ride home that night, she looked surreptitiously at him through her lashes. Would he take her in his arms tonight? Or would he just slip into bed and go to sleep like he had for the past several nights? She was just about to ask him when his cell phone rang.

"Excuse me, Sophie," he said, and his eyes showed genuine regret as he lifted the phone and started speaking.

She could tell that it was an urgent call and didn't interrupt. But when she walked up the stairs that night, she considered everything he had said and everything she had heard over the past several days.

It was all so confusing, she could barely think. She pulled on another silk nightgown and slipped between the sheets. She tried staying awake until he came to bed, desperately wanting to talk to him about what she'd heard. Well, that wasn't exactly true. She was feeling confident and angry enough that she actually wanted to challenge him on the situation.

Sophie was angry the next morning when she woke up and was alone. Again.

She dressed carefully, considering what she could do for the day. She didn't have a job but she had a plan. Looking out the window, she noticed it was going to be a lovely spring morning and she was feeling very daring. Instead of pulling on a pair of jeans, she chose a green linen dress with small, yellow flowers embroidered around the neckline.

As she brushed her hair, she noticed that her eyes were sparkling more than usual. She was ready for a fight.

Walking down the stairs that morning, she ran into just the person she wanted to see. Evelyn was traipsing through the foyer as if she owned the house and Sophie gritted her teeth.

"Good morning, Evelyn," she said politely.

"Oh! Sophie. I didn't know you were still here. I thought you were probably out doing whatever you do when Jason isn't here to pull you out of your mope," she said distractedly. "Well, in any case. I wanted to let you know that I'm going to have a small luncheon here later in the week. I know you won't mind," she said. Without really even looking at Sophie, she simply walked through the foyer and into the dining room.

Five seconds later, Evelyn came back into the foyer, her eyes wide as she took in Sophie's outfit. "My dear! What are you wearing?" she asked.

Sophie's hands fisted at her sides and her chin went up a notch. "I'm wearing something that I like. I don't really care if you like it or not," she said.

Evelyn grimaced. "But dear, I think you look so much more...presentable when you're wearing something that doesn't clash so much with that hair of yours. Have you considered dying it, perhaps?"

Evelyn came forward and was about to touch Sophie's hair but Sophie pulled back quickly. "Don't touch me Evelyn. And as I said, I don't care if you like it or not. This is what I'm wearing. So back off," she said. Sophie stormed to the dining room and took a cup of tea, shaking with anger.

Evelyn came in a moment later, her eyes assessing the new Sophie. "So, you've decided to grow a spine, eh?" she asked, pouring her own cup of tea. "Well, that's nice dear. It will be nice to have someone to crush again, once Jason tosses you out. So don't get snippy with me, you sniveling little snail," she sneered before taking a calming sip of her tea. "Otherwise, I might not be so kind when you come to me asking for money. Nor will Jocelyn once she gets her hands on Jason's lovely money."

Sophie gasped. "You're not even going to hide your mercenary desires from me any longer, are you?"

Evelyn laughed harshly. "Why should I?" She took another sip of tea, obviously completely calm and in control. "You're nothing, dear. You can play dress up in those ridiculous clothes all you want but it won't work." After taking one more sip, she set the cup down on the table before turning on her heal to leave the room. "Don't forget to make sure the house is nice and clean for me, dear. Friday, I'll be having my friends over."

That was the final straw. She wasn't going to take this sitting down either physically or metaphorically. She pushed the chair out and stood up to face the vile woman, her hair swinging over her shoulder as she spun around. "Why don't you have them over to your house?" Sophie demanded.

Evelyn laughed. "Goodness, why would I? This house is so much nicer and roomier. Besides, Jason's chef is wonderful. I'd have to cater something myself and it wouldn't be as good."

Without another word, Evelyn left the dining room, leaving Sophie to fume in impotent silence.

Storming out of the dining room without eating anything, she called Tim and asked him to take her to Jason's office. During the whole drive, she considered all she was going to say and how she was going to say it. She would demand control of her house and her marriage. She hated the way Evelyn and Jocelyn just walked in, insulted her and then left, making her feel silly and useless. It was over.

Maggie smiled as soon as she saw Sophie. "Good morning, Mrs. Randal," she said, standing up. "Jason is still in a meeting but if you'd like to wait in his office, that should be fine," she said.

"Thank you, Maggie. That would be perfect," she said.

"Would you like some coffee or tea?" she asked.

Sophie forced a smile onto her face for Maggie, who had only been kind to her since her marriage. "No thank you, Maggie. But I appreciate the offer." After Jason's secretary left, she paced the large office, fuming still over the way Evelyn had spoken to her. And what's more, Jason never stopped her. She was sick of it. Jason always treated her with respect and she was going to demand it from the people he allowed into his house or she wouldn't be there.

It was a good thing Jason hadn't walked in earlier. As it was, she had twenty minutes to cool down her temper slightly before he walked into the room. "Sophie! What are you doing here today?" he asked. His eyes seemed excited initially, then they dulled when he took in her arms crossed over her chest. "What's wrong? Do you need more money?"

"No. It has nothing to do with money," she said and kept pacing. Now that the moment was here, she wasn't sure exactly how to start despite the rehearsal she'd been going through in her mind only seconds ago. "I hate her Jason," she spit out. And then she saw the look on his face and regretted her outburst. "I'm sorry, that was uncalled for." She took a deep, cleansing breath and tried to start over again, but he walked over and put his hands on her arms.

"Don't worry about what is called for or not, how about if you tell me what this is about. I don't like you being upset and if someone is upsetting you, I'll make sure it stops immediately."

"You're upsetting me!" she cried out and tried to step out of his arms.

But he held her firm. "What do you mean?" he demanded. His arms weren't painful, but were firm. "I've given you everything you've asked for so if this is another speech about how you want out of this marriage, then forget it."

"That's not it. I just want my own house!'

"No. You live with me," he said and stepped back himself.

She dropped her head in her hands in frustration and shook her head. "I'm sorry, this isn't coming out right. I don't want a separate house. I just want control of the one I'm living in. I know it is yours but I really detest that woman. She walks in like she owns it more than you do sometimes."

"Who?"

"Evelyn. And I hate it, Jason. I'm not going to stand for it anymore."

"What has she done now?" he asked, his hands were rubbing her arms softly and it started to distract Sophie. But she didn't pull away.

"She walked in this morning and told me she was having a luncheon at the house on Friday. She even had the audacity to order me to make sure the house was clean and tidy."

Jason's hands stilled suddenly and an eyebrow went up, revealing his anger. "She said this to you?"

"Yes." Sophie took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down so she could make sense to him and form a good argument. "Jason, I know that you and Jocelyn...well, I know that..." she stopped, not wanting to put to words what she'd overheard. "Well, suffice it to say that I know why I'm here but while I'm useful to you, I won't have those two women in your house. They can have their little parties when I'm not there," she said.

Jason moved closer to her, taking her hands in his. "I'm not exactly sure what you're talking about but I want to assure you that my house is your house. If you don't want Evelyn and Jocelyn in there, then simply tell them so."

Sophie's heart lifted with joy. She looked up into his eyes trying to determine if he was serious or not. "Do you really mean it? I can tell her she can't have her party at your house on Friday?"

"Absolutely." He nodded his head for emphasis. "But can I ask one other question?"

Sophie looked at his chest, embarrassed about her burst of temper now that he'd instantly supported her request. "What's that?" she asked

"Where did you get this lovely little dress?" he asked, his hand moving to touch the little yellow daisies on her neckline.

Her eyes widened and moved back up to his. She saw it then, the desire. And it instantly ignited her own. "You like my dress?" she asked hopefully.

"Very much so," he replied. His hands moved to her hips. "I like it a lot. And I liked what you were wearing last night too."

Sophie assumed he meant what she was wearing to dinner, thinking he hadn't taken the time to look at what she was wearing to bed. "Thank you," she said shyly. "I bought it the other day. I have a whole new wardrobe."

"I definitely approve."

Sophie smiled brightly. "Thank you."

"What else did you get?" he asked.

"Everything," she blushed. Her fingers were playing with the buttons on his shirt front and she desperately wanted him to kiss her. Well, actually, she wanted to pull off his clothes and have him make love to her but she knew it was the middle of the morning and they were in his office. She would settle for a kiss.

Jason placed a hand over her fingers to stop her hands. "Sophie, you can't do that here," he groaned. "Not after I got a glimpse of that temper," he chuckled.

Sophie looked up at his handsome face. "You like my temper?" she asked, stunned.

"Like it?" he laughed. "I think you're pretty sexy when you're yelling at me," he laughed.

She laughed as well and somehow, she wasn't sure where she got the courage, but she bit her lower lip, then asked, "Jason, would you kiss me?"

Jason smiled enigmatically. "How would you like me to kiss you?" he asked.

She lowered her lashes and looked at his mouth, her tongue darting out to wet her suddenly dry lips.

"Don't do that!" he said and his hands pulled her roughly against him.

"Don't do what?" she asked, licking her lips in anticipation of the kiss she wanted from him.

"That!" he groaned and slid his hands up her waist. "Don't do that with your tongue unless..." he stopped and bent down to kiss her lips, taking her mouth with a savage passion that melted Sophie's resistance and drove away her inhibitions. She forgot that they were in his office, forgot it was the middle of the morning. She even forgot the evil words Jocelyn had said the other morning about Jason wanting a mousy wife for his acquisition.

All she knew was Jason's mouth kissing her, his hands moving up her waist and touching her breasts through the linen. Then the linen was no longer there. His hands were touching her heated skin and she was aching with her need to feel him inside her.

With a small gasp, she found herself on Jason's desk. Jason's hand was pulling her legs forward and she wrapped them around his hips, her body moving with his, just as desperate for his touch as she'd ever been.

"Jason!" she gasped when she felt her underwear torn off. She didn't care, especially when she felt his heat fill her up and he started moving within her. She loved the feel of his hardness and inhaled his sexy aftershave scent. "Don't stop," she said when he slowed down.

Jason continued, moving within her until they both found their climax together, drifting slowly back to consciousness and awareness.

"Jason!" Sophie gasped, her eyes opening and looking into his own. "We're in your office!" she exclaimed, then lowered her voice, afraid someone in the hallway would hear her.

Jason chuckled and nuzzled her neck, nipping at her earlobe. "So we are."

Sophie pushed off of the desk and pulled her dress down before looking around, shocked that she'd done something so outrageous. "I can't believe this," she said and stepped away from him, hurrying over to the sofa to pick up her purse. She was flustered as she pulled her fingers through her hair and reapplied her lipstick.

Jason adjusted his own clothing, then sat down in his chair, watching Sophie as she flitted around the room nervously. He smiled, liking the way she became so easily flustered. "Sophie, calm down," he said gently.

"Calm down?" she gasped. "Anyone could have walked in here," she exclaimed, running her fingers down her dress in an attempt to smooth out the wrinkles. "What would they have thought?"

Jason didn't bother to respond, knowing that Maggie would never allow someone to walk into his office unannounced. Those who had tried had been thwarted easily by the sweet, smiling dragon he employed as his secretary. "You're getting worked up over nothing, sweet," he said and walked over to where she was trying to peer into a small mirror. He took it out of her hands and dropped it back into her open purse. "And you look lovely," he stated a moment before he kissed her, taking off all her lipstick again.

Jason pulled away and saw the latent fire in her eyes. Then nodded with satisfaction. "I'll see you tonight, Sophie," he said, then gave her one more hard kiss.

Sophie tamped down her rising desire and picked up her purse again which had dropped onto the floor. She rushed to the door of Jason's office, nodding her head, "Yes. Yes, of course I'll see you tonight," she said quickly.

Jason watched her, smothering his amusement but he couldn't help himself. He was so amazed at the obvious passion that was lurking underneath her carefully controlled facade, a passion that he wanted to unleash more of, he just needed to tease her one more time.

"Sophie," he called and her footsteps halted immediately, one hand resting on the door knob to his office as she turned back to him.

"Yes?" she prompted when he simply stood there watching her smugly. "Did you need something else?" she asked, then blushed, thinking of what had come before which she wasn't going to offer him again.

"Aren't you forgetting something?" he asked.

Sophie looked down at her bag, then her dress, checking her purse then running a hand down her hair one more time. "I don't think so," she said.

Jason picked up the small scrap of silk and lace that had been her underwear. "Perhaps this?" he asked, dangling the lacy material from his fingertips. "I'd be happy to have it on my desk as a reminder of our morning,...interlude. But I wonder if you might think something is missing later on today."

Sophie gasped in horror as he held up the remnants of her underwear, shocked that she hadn't even realized she wasn't wearing any at the moment. But that was what Jason did to her normally. Why should this be any different? She rushed over to his hand and grabbed the material from his fingertips, ignoring his soft, husky chuckle as she stuffed them into her purse and rushed out of his office. Her face was painfully red by the time she left but she smiled as serenely as possible at Maggie as she walked past.

As soon as the elevator doors closed, with her safely inside the cab, she covered her face with her hands, too shocked by her behavior. But a small part of her loved the way Jason could make her feel.

She hadn't been mousy in his office, she thought. And if Evelyn was right, that he only wanted her as a mousy, non-threatening wife, why did he act so impressed and excited when she arrived at his office, furious and definitely not mousy looking. With her red hair and green dress, there wasn't a mousy thing about her, except her embarrassment with her sexuality, which was running rampant lately, she thought.

Out on the street, she considered what she was going to do next. She was walking towards the waiting car when Maggie ran out to the street. "Mrs. Randal," she called out across the cement expanse in front of the headquarters building. "Oh, good. I'm glad I caught you. Mr. Randal asked me to deliver this," she said and handed her a manila file folder and a cell phone. "He said you might be interested in the warehouses."

Sophie took the folder and cell phone warily, then smiled politely at Maggie. "Thank you," she replied. "You said Jason wanted me to have these?"

"Yes. I'm not sure what it is about." She looked oddly at Sophie. "Usually he has me do his research but he printed these things out himself. I have to get back to my desk. Please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with."

Sophie nodded her head. "Thank you, Maggie," she said and looked down at the plain manila folder. She waited until she got into the back of the car before opening the folder and when she read the words, she was warmed by Jason's thoughtfulness. Jason had pulled up several lists, one was a sheet filled with warehouse listings. Another sheet was a list of nursery suppliers and some various prices.

The time and effort put into these lists might have been small, but Sophie was genuinely touched that Jason would have gone through all this trouble just for her. She looked at the cell phone and smiled. Picking it up, she searched through the buttons and laughed when she realized that his office phone number was preprogrammed into the memory.

She dialed the number and was only slightly disappointed when Maggie picked up on the third ring.

"Jason Randal's office," she answered.

"Maggie, this is Sophie. Can you convey a message to Jason for me?" she asked.

"Absolutely, Mrs. Randal. What is the message?"

"Just tell him thank you. And Maggie? One more thing," she said.

"What's that?'

"Please call me Sophie."

There was a small hesitation on the other end of the line, then Sophie heard the smile in Maggie's voice. "I'd be happy to, Sophie."

Sophie hung up the phone and then called the first number on the list. Michael drove her home and she stopped using the cell phone Jason had given her, moving to her new office and continuing to make phone calls, writing down notes and pulling as much information together as she could.

It was almost seven o'clock when she finally looked up and realized what time it was. Stepping out of her office, she felt a huge amount of satisfaction.

Unfortunately, she went to bed alone again that night, then woke up alone the following morning. Feeling depressed and lonely, Sophie abandoned her work that day and worked instead in her garden. She also put an advertisement in the newspaper asking for gardeners who were interested in employment. She wanted her own landscaping company but she knew she didn't have the strength to do it all herself. Especially the heavier items. And she really wanted the bushes moved away from the windows.

Moving out to the small project she'd started several days ago, she expanded the small plot of land by several feet, adding more plants and making space for some interesting figurines later on. She was just about to go inside for lunch when she saw the car drive up to the front of the house.

Evelyn. And to make matters worse, Jocelyn was with her. Both ladies were looking incredibly beautiful, as usual and Sophie was in another pair of jeans that were now covered in dirt up to her knees. The shirt she was wearing was covered in sweat and dirt as well and her hair was probably a mess. She didn't even want to consider what her face looked like since she hadn't bothered to put any makeup on. Actually, it was probably better that she didn't have any makeup on, she thought, walking to the back of the house with a determined step. The makeup would probably be streaking down her face right about now. So there were small things in her favor, she grimaced.

She found them exactly where she thought they would be. Jocelyn was sitting at one of the kitchen counters, sneering at the maid who was cleaning the dishes from breakfast and Evelyn was talking with the housekeeper, Nancy, who was standing at the counter taking her abuse. Nancy was also a wonderful cook and didn't deserve the comments from Evelyn.

"I want something different, Nancy. You make wonderful dishes but lately, you've been a little less creative, haven't you?"

Sophie walked in quietly and fought for control. Understanding that Nancy was fighting back her own temper, Sophie decided it was time she stood up for her staff.

"Nancy isn't going to do anything, Evelyn. You can just find your own caterer. Nancy makes wonderful dishes for me and Jason and I believe he has a party on Saturday night for several guests. She won't have time to help you out with your luncheon on Friday."

Evelyn turned slowly to face Sophie and when she turned to finally face her, the expression on Evelyn's face was almost comical. "What did you say to me?" she asked.

"I said," Sophie enunciated more slowly, "that Nancy won't have time to make anything for your luncheon, creative or otherwise." Sophie's face remained still as she tried to emulate Jason's way of making his point. He never let people know what emotions were going through his mind.

"And who do you think you are?"

Sophie stood up taller. "I'm Jason's wife. I realize that you are hopeful that your daughter will have that position soon, but until that happens, I'll thank you to stay out of the house."

"Excuse me?"

Jocelyn wasn't going to just stand by and listen either. The two blond beauties joined forces, squaring off in front of Sophie. "You can't talk to me like that!" Evelyn sneered. "Jason would never deny me the use of his house and his staff. So I'd advise you to just stand back and step out of this situation."

Sophie pulled out the cell phone she'd been carrying with her all day. "Really? When I spoke to him yesterday about my frustrations with you he seemed very supportive. To the point of telling me that you will no longer have free access to the house. Would you like to call him and check on that?"

Evelyn stared indignantly at the phone being held out to her. "I won't even dignify that with a response," she said huffily. "Come along Jocelyn. We'll deal with this later. We have more important things to do."

Sophie watched with a strange sense of empowerment as the women left the kitchen, muttering to each other as they went.

She just stood there for a long moment, savoring the experience. It was new to her to have power over her environment and she found that she really liked the feeling. She felt, rather than saw, the eyes that were looking on her then. When she glanced around herself, she saw that Higgins and Nancy were both watching her. They didn't seem offended though. In fact, if Sophie were to put a name to their expressions, she might think they were proud of her.

That feeling was reinforced a moment later when Higgins walked over to her and said, "Well done, ma'am. With your permission, I will not permit them in the house unless an appointment has been scheduled ahead of time."

Sophie wanted to laugh at his victorious and eager expression. "I gather that those two ladies have been making your lives miserable as well?" she asked softly, the fire leaving her now that the two targets had vacated.

Higgins, diplomatic as always, simply smiled and bowed again. "We are here to serve you and Mr. Randal, ma'am," was all he would say.

Sophie smiled warmly, understanding his hidden meaning. "I think I might have done enough damage for one day, don't you think?" she joked. "I'm going to go out and dig in the rose garden," she explained and turned on her heel. But then she turned back and smiled shyly at the housekeeper. "Nancy, I just wanted you to know that your meals are delicious. Please don't pay any attention to Evelyn."

Nancy beamed with pride at Sophie's compliment. "Thank you, ma'am. And don't you never mind about her insults either. I can guarantee that she's just trying to make you feel inferior because you're so much prettier than she is. Just let it roll off you like water on a duck's back," she said gruffly. Then she puffed up slightly and turned away, as if she were embarrassed to have said so much.

Sophie was thrilled with the housekeeper's words. She went upstairs to change into a cleaner pair of jeans and shirt that wasn't so filthy and then went to the shed to pick up her bucket of gardening tools. She wandered along a path of woods, considering the idea of making a shade garden. There were so many beautiful trees, she thought it would be lovely to make a place to sit during the hot, summer months.

With that thought in mind, she dug in and started creating her small little oasis. While she dug, her mind filled up with romantic thoughts of her and Jason spending evenings out on a comfortable bench watching the sun set, sipping wine, then kissing sweetly before finally retiring inside for....Sophie changed the train of thought, her face flaming and she glanced guiltily around her to see if someone might be watching. But who in the world would possibly be watching her? She was deep in the woods, surrounded by overgrown bushes.

Her mind then weaved a fantasy about how Jason would come home from work, find her not in the house and become worried. He'd have the whole household staff searching the gardens but eventually, he would be the one to find her digging out here. Once he discovered her, he would get down on the ground and beg her to love him. But of course, she already did so it was a silly question but she would finally be able to declare her love for him openly.

Sophie smiled at that fantasy but laughed out loud at how unrealistic it was. Jason would never get down on his knee first of all. And secondly, Jason never begged. He demanded.

She realized that was one of the things that turned her on about him. He was so masculine and so powerful. He just commanded everyone's attention whenever he walked into a room. And he never asked. He simply told people what to do.

She knew that her fantasies were politically incorrect. She should like a man who respected her and was gentle and kind. Not forceful and overpowering. But she didn't care. She'd wanted Jason from the first moment she'd seen him and her mind could tell her she was wrong all it wanted. The truth was in her body's reaction whenever he touched her.

It would all be so perfect if he would just fall in love with her.

Sophie sighed and stood up, looking around her and surveying the damage she'd accomplished in the hours she'd been out here. If someone were to walk up on the plot of ground right now, they would think she had only been digging in the dirt. But she had created several plots of land for cultivation and in a few months, it would be fertile with plants and flowers.

It was almost dusk and Sophie stood up and dusted off her jeans and hands. She plunked her gloves into her gardening bucket and looked around in satisfaction. She felt as if she had really accomplished something today. And tomorrow, she had plans to visit several nurseries that might supply various plants and shrubs for her new business. She felt high on success.

Picking up her bucket, Sophie rushed back to the house, eager to tell Jason about her success. She also needed to warn him about her confrontation with Evelyn. That slowed her steps, but she remembered Jason's words earlier today that gave her permission to evict the woman whenever and however she wanted. Well, not exactly those words, she thought, chuckling to herself.

She happily entered the house from the back, going through the kitchens and waiving to a busy Nancy who was preparing dinner for the night. "Is Mr. Randal going to be home for dinner?" she asked, excited at the prospect.

Sophie was almost embarrassed that she was so eagerly awaiting her husband's company, even after their mid-morning interlude. But she didn't really care all that much.

"I believe he is in his study right now," Nancy said.

This was news to Sophie. "Really? How long has he been home?"

"For over an hour now," Nancy replied, taking a roast out of the oven and setting it on the counter. "He asked about you," she replied, her eyes revealing the secret as well as her announcement.

"Really?" she asked.

Nancy nodded. "He even asked someone to go out and inform you that he had arrived home. But no one could find you," she replied.

It was so close to the fantasy that Sophie had been having during the afternoon she could barely suppress her excitement. "I'll just go and announce my arrival back then," Sophie said with a broad grin.

Sophie indeed found Jason in his office but all her excitement died when she knocked carefully on his study door. "Jason?" she called out softly.

He turned around and she noticed that he was on the phone, nodding to whatever someone was saying.

Sophie could tell by the look on his face that he wasn't happy about something. She backed out of the office while he continued to watch her, his intense gaze never leaving her face as she closed the door.

Sophie cleaned up and put on a soft, blue sweater and a pair of navy slacks which made her feel soft and feminine. The look was completely wasted though. Jason never showed up at dinner. In fact, she was told later that Jason requested that he be brought dinner in his office.

Sophie was hurt but she nodded when the news was given to her. She didn't eat any of the delicious smelling roast Nancy had cooked. She left the plate on the table and wandered upstairs to their bedroom, alone.

Pulling on a silk negligee, Sophie wondered what she could do to get Jason's attention. She knew she was being wanton by wanting to be with him again tonight, having felt his touch and his heat earlier in the day. But she couldn't help herself. She wanted Jason and felt lonely in the huge house all by herself.

Sophie remembered seeing an advertisement for a book club when she'd been in a book store recently. Perhaps she could start to find her own life. If Jason didn't want or need her company in the evenings, why should she waste her time waiting for him?

Slipping into bed that night, she pulled her book onto her lap and watched the clock. Despite her determination to ignore him, Sophie couldn't do it. It was almost eleven o'clock when she slipped her legs out of the bed and tucked her feet into slippers. Wrapping her beautiful white, silk robe around her and tying it at her waist, she walked furiously down the stairs.

How dare he ignore her all evening? He didn't even have the courtesy to say hello to her. So what if she'd been out gardening when he came back. It wasn't her fault he'd come home early. What had he been expecting? Her to simply be waiting with baited breath for him to walk in the door?

Sophie didn't even knock this time. She threw open the doors and walked inside, her temper at a boiling point ever since she'd gotten out of bed.

"Jason Randal!" Sophie said, her hands on her hips. A small part of her stopped short when she saw his harried expression, but she was too riled by him ignoring her that she simply tossed her hair behind her head.

"What's wrong?" Jason asked, instantly alert.

Sophie noted the wariness in his eyes but wouldn't back down. "You! You are ignoring me once again and I won't stand it anymore!"

Jason's expression instantly cleared and he smiled, laying down his pen and leaning back in his chair. "What exactly don't you like?" he asked.

"I don't like how you come to bed so late you can't even ki...say goodnight." She wasn't sure if he wanted to kiss her so she opted for a less obvious verb. "Then you wake up in the morning without a word and I have to wake up alone. I feel like I'm married to a ghost and I won't stand for it anymore."

"What are you going to do about it?" he asked, standing up and walking over to her.

Sophie looked at the expression in his eyes and knew she'd won. It was such a small victory but she'd take it. "I'm going to request that you come upstairs right now and stop working."

He walked up so he was standing directly in front of her. "You are?" he asked, one eyebrow raised inquiringly. "And what are you going to do to lure me upstairs?" he asked.

Sophie was stumped. She looked straight ahead, which meant she was looking at the middle of his chest, thinking hard. "I don't know."

"You don't?" he asked softly. "Think hard, Sophie. What on earth could be more enticing that laboring away at whatever is on that computer?"

Sophie realized where this conversation was going and smiled to herself. Whatever he thought about her, he still wanted her. He might not like her personality, but he liked her body.

She stepped back and shyly unbelted her silk robe. Looking down at his feet, bracing herself with the small amount of courage she'd built up over the past few days, she asked, "Do I have anything that could tempt you away from this business deal?"

Lifting her head, she looked right up into his eyes. "Perhaps...I could tempt you?"

Jason smiled and lifted her up into his arms. "I think you might be adequate," he said. Jason carried her upstairs, kicking the door to their bedroom closed with one foot while he continued on to the bed. Laying her down in the center, he stood up and unbuttoned his shirt slowly. "Yes, I think you could easily distract me from anything, Sophie," he said.

Sophie rolled over in bed the following morning. She smiled, remembering Jason's good morning kiss. It hadn't ended with only a kiss, she thought to herself, stretching as the morning sunlight streamed across the room. What a night, she thought. Jason had made love to her after carrying her upstairs. Then again in the shower and yet again when he woke her up to say goodbye.

She quickly showered and pulled on a pair of slim fitting jeans and a yellow sweater. She pulled her hair back in a simple band, adding a soft, yellow ribbon as well.

"Good morning, Nancy," she called out. "I'm going to walk to the village."

"Wouldn't you be more comfortable having Michael drive you?"

Sophie smiled broadly. She'd never ventured out to the village except on rare occasions and those times, she'd had Michael drive her and she'd scurried into whatever shop she needed to visit, then left as quickly as possible again.

"No, this time, I'd rather just take in the fresh air. It looks like a lovely day."

"Don't you want some breakfast or coffee before you leave?"

Sophie considered that, but then shook her head. "No thank you. Isn't there a small coffee shop on the corner by the old church?"

"Yes. Very good coffee," Nancy assured her.

"Well, then, I'll be off."

"Have a nice day, ma'am," Higgins said, bowing slightly as he opened the door for her.

Sophie smiled and waved her thanks. The day was just as wonderful as she'd thought. The air was dry and warm with just a hint of the summer that was on its way. Sophie loved the walk, enjoying the smell of the newly turned over soil that was prepared for the seeds from the farms.

It was indeed a lovely day and she stopped at the coffee shop, reading the newspaper while sipping her coffee in the bright sunshine outside the coffee shop.

After her coffee, she strolled through the shops and picked up a card about a book club. There were so many wonderful shops in the village, so many she hadn't explored. And everyone was so nice, never too busy to slow down and chat. Some of it was too gossipy and those conversations she just stepped away from. But overall, it was a wonderful morning.

On the way home, she picked a bouquet of early summer flowers. She hummed a little tune as she strolled slowly home, starting to become hungry since it was almost lunch time and she'd already skipped breakfast and dinner the previous night.

It was all because of Jason, she thought. She chuckled. Last night she'd been too upset to eat dinner, then this morning, she'd been too happy to take time to eat breakfast.

Higgins opened the door as soon as she walked up the stairs. "Good afternoon, ma'am," he replied.

Sophie looked at the expression on his face. "Is something wrong, Higgins?" she asked, stopping to look around. She sensed something but couldn't put her finger on it.

"Your stepmother has arrived, ma'am. I apologize but she came in through the back door. She also arrived with her own catering staff and has taken over the east parlor." Higgins bowed low.

Sophie had forgotten the day but she wasn't about to take this sitting down. "Don't worry Higgins. I'll deal with this," she said. Handing him the bouquet of flowers, she smoothed down her sweater and walked down the hallway.

Luckily, Sophie ran into Evelyn outside the kitchen. "Evelyn, what on earth are you doing here?" she asked, crossing her arms over her chest.

Evelyn turned to face Sophie, a smug smile on her face as if she'd just won an important battle. "I told you dear. I'm having a luncheon here. And since you were so rude the other day, I never got to finish my discussions with Nancy so I could arrange for the menu. Not very nice of you, Sophie dear."

Sophie gritted her teeth against the patronizing tone Evelyn was using.

"Yet another bad choice of clothes, Sophie. I thought we advised you to wear more subtle colors, didn't we?" Jocelyn chimed in, looking cool and sophisticated in a pink suit with a pearl choker.

Sophie looked down at her sweater and jeans, noting that they still looked clean and sophisticated. She smiled up at Jocelyn. "You know, the consensus is that you're jealous of me and that's why you have been trying to make me look awful all these years. Could that be true?" she asked.

Jocelyn eyes widened and then she glanced worriedly over to her mother, needing direction. Sophie saw the communication between the two women and was amazed. It was true! The expression on Evelyn's face and the worry in Jocelyn's eyes showed Sophie the truth.

That knowledge was liberating. Sophie couldn't believe it. For the last twelve years she'd lived with two, evil, malicious women who were so insecure about their own beauty that they had convinced her that she was ugly and useless.

"It's true?" Sophie asked.

"You're delusional if you think you're beautiful," Evelyn sneered. "No man could possibly think that garish hair of yours is pretty. Give it up, Sophie."

Sophie sensed Jason's presence before she heard his voice. "Actually, I think she's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen," he said, his deep voice came from behind Sophie. He walked into the room and put his arm around Sophie's waist. "I thought Sophie told you she didn't want you to have your luncheon here."

Evelyn's face turned white underneath her makeup. It made her blush and lipstick seem too bright against her skin. "Jason, you can't be serious! You're not going to support this...this woman with ridiculous red hair and no sense of style when you could have Jocelyn by your side, helping you to build your empire. Just think what you could accomplish with a sophisticated companion beside you instead of this mousy thing," she ended, sneering her dislike at Sophie.

Sophie could feel Jason's anger build inside him. She glanced up at his face, trying to determine if he was genuinely as angry as he seemed. And yes, he was. The muscle twitching on his jaw showed her that he was barely hanging on to his amazing control.

She put a hand on his chest, silently asking him to not become angry on her behalf. He looked down at her and pulled her closer. "Why do you let this woman into our house? Has she been this vile always?"

It was as if the two other women were no longer in the room. Jason was furious simply because he felt that her feelings had been hurt. Surely that meant he cared for her and wasn't just married to her because of the acquisition. Her heart soared with hope.

He was still waiting for an answer she realized. "Yes. But only when you weren't around." Jason's anger almost exploded with that answer but she shook her head, and pushed slightly harder on his chest. "Jason, it doesn't matter anymore."

"Anymore? That means that it has hurt you in the past. Why didn't you tell me?" he demanded, turning her so that she was facing him. He put his hands on her arms and looked down into her eyes. "I would never have allowed her to be near you if I'd known how she was treating you. I swear it Sophie."

"I know that now," she said. "For a long time I didn't understand why she came around so often but now I understand. And it wasn't at your behest."

"I swear I never invited them. I thought you were inviting them here and couldn't figure it out."

Sophie laughed with joy. "I thought you were inviting them. I guess we need to work on our communication skills, don't we?" she suggested, lifting one hand to caress his cheek. Jason turned his face into the caress and kissed the palm of her hand. "I'm sorry, love," he said.

Jason tucked her into the security of his embrace, then turned back to face the two women who had been hurting Sophie for so long. "I suggest that the two of you leave the premises immediately." Jason's voice was soft and deadly calm.

Evelyn looked like she was about to argue but she noted the look on Jason's face and decided it would be better to just leave. "I'll discuss this when that woman is no longer around to disturb us Jason," she said haughtily.

Jason stopped her with is next words. "Evelyn, if you ever address my wife or speak to her or about her with anything other than complete respect and kind, polite words, I will cut off your annuity. You can challenge me in court, and you'll win eventually, but the cost for the lawyers will cut your return in half."

Evelyn's mouth dropped open and Sophie could tell that she wanted to argue with him, perhaps plead, but she saw the furious look in his eyes and thought better of it. "Come along, Jocelyn," she snapped and left without saying another word.

Sophie was quiet for a long time after that. She watched Jason, seeing how he eventually controlled his anger.

He turned to face her, taking her into his arms and kissing her hair, his hands tangling in the soft curls and then moving down her body, as if he needed to reassure her that she was all in one piece and that Evelyn's and Jocelyn's words hadn't hurt her in any way.

"I'm fine, Jason," she said, her face glowing with happiness.

She felt the shudder run through his system. "I'm sorry," he said. "I honestly didn't know that they were so awful."

"Don't let them bother you. I heard enough today to understand what they were really trying to do. And it actually made it all better in some bizarre way."

Jason shook his head. "I've tried to protect you from anything that could hurt you but I failed, Sophie. I'm sorry. If possible, could you forgive me and let me start over? I promise I'll redeem myself in your eyes and become someone worthy of your love," he said.

Sophie gasped in joy. Her eyes searched his, wondering if his words meant what she thought they did. "You want me to love you?" she asked.

"More than anything," he said, running his hands over her arms. "I love you so much but I've failed you. I promise I'll do better, Sophie."

His words were too sweet. "You love me?" she asked, feeling silly for asking so many questions and needing clarification but the words were too wonderful for her pained ears.

"Yes I love you! How could you think anything else? I think I've loved you since that very first dance we shared."

Sophie threw herself into his arms, holding him with all her strength. "Oh Jason, I've felt the same way but couldn't imagine a day when you could actually love someone like me."

"What do you mean 'someone like you'," he demanded. "You're incredibly beautiful with a soft heart and a generous spirit. I saw the way you made people feel comfortable at that party that night. You had no artifice, just genuine interest whenever someone spoke to you. It was so unusual for someone at those functions. I almost hit your father that night when he stopped me from dancing with you again. I knew from that moment that I wanted you by my side forever."

"Jason!" she cried, tears of joy slipping off her lashes and onto her cheeks. "You can't know how long I've wanted to hear those words. I've woven so many fantasies about you telling me you love me but they were only fantasies. I've loved you for so long and it has only gotten stronger the more I got to know you."

He looked skeptical. "If you love me, why did you leave me?"

"Because I thought you were in love with Jocelyn. I loved you too much to bear it if you ever left me. The more I got to know you, the more I loved you. You're so intelligent and overwhelming, any time you walked into a room, I felt like a silly school girl with a crush, dealing with the butterflies in her stomach and the blushes. I was so silly, but I couldn't imagine anyone like you wanting someone like me. And then you married me! I thought it was out of pity," she explained.

"Pity!" Jason pulled her closer. "Good grief, Sophie. If all I'd felt for you was pity I would have set you up in a house and given you an allowance." He chuckled and she felt the humor deep in his chest since her cheek was laying against him. "No. Of all the feelings I have for you, pity is not one of them."

She played with one of the buttons on his shirt front. "What feelings do you have for me?" she asked.

"Love," he said and kissed her gently. "Desire," he said and kissed her harder. "I think those two emotions could take me a long time to discuss with you," he said, his voice hoarse as he looked down into her green eyes shining up at his with love beaming back at him. "And you love me too, don't you?" he asked.

The breath she drew in shuddered as she filled up her lungs with his look. "Yes. I've loved you for so long I can't remember a time when you weren't a big part of my fantasy life."

Jason grinned but this was a wicked grin. "That's the second time you've mentioned fantasies. Care to share them with me?" he asked, his hands moving along her spine were no longer soothing but were exciting, passionate.

"Perhaps," she smiled. "If you'll tell me you love me again."

"I love you!" he growled, then picked her up into his arms and carried her upstairs.

Higgins and Nancy were standing out in the foyer and saw the two of them, both so into the other that neither saw them standing and watching. Nancy smiled broadly and nodded. "It's about time," she sighed.

Higgins nodded as well. "I agree," he chimed in. Both of them went back to the kitchen for a cup of tea, knowing that neither would be needed for the better part of the day.

Epilogue

Sophie dropped her gardening gloves into her bucket and sighed happily. The area was coming along well, she thought. It would be perfect.

"Sophie! What are you doing out here?" Jason demanded, his long strides carrying him quickly across the vast expanse of the back lawn. "I thought I told you to rest today," he said.

He arrived quickly to where Sophie was kneeling on the ground and helped her up. Sophie smiled up at his angry, concerned expression, putting her hand gently on her swollen belly. "Jason, the baby is fine. And he isn't due for another week. You've got to relax. Besides, I can't just spend all my days lounging around the house. It isn't healthy. It is better to be out here, breathing in the clean air."

Jason pulled her as close as he could with Sophie's pregnancy at nine months. "It is going to be a girl with beautiful red hair, just like yours so stop referring to our daughter in the male pronouns dear. And yes, you should be inside resting. Or at least reviewing resumes for a nanny."

He took her hand in one of his and her gardening bucket in the other as they walked back to the house. The spring sun was shining brightly as the sun started setting over the horizon. "Nancy, Higgins and I talked about it and the three of us decided that we didn't really need a new nanny."

Jason looked disapproving. "Jason, think about it," she said. "Nancy doesn't have any children nor does Higgins. So this baby is the closest thing they will have to a grandchild and they are excited. Almost as excited as we are. I swear, Nancy has been reading every book on infant nutrition and Higgins has put in every possible safety device known to mankind."

"What about your landscaping business? Don't you want to work after the baby is born?"

Sophie smiled brightly. "As for that, I received a call from Harry Smith yesterday. He asked if I would consider selling my business to him. He offered me an incredible price for it."

His looked showed his surprise. "I thought you loved your business. You've thrown everything into it and it is a huge success. Why would you want to sell it?"

Sophie shrugged her shoulders. "Perhaps because I want to be around you and the baby more than I want to have a successful business. Maybe because, initially, I wanted to prove to you that I was worthy of your respect and possibly your love so I came up with the idea of a business. Now that I've proven it to you, and myself, I want to move on to the next step."

Jason had stopped and put her bucket down so he could see her while she told him these latest revelations. "And what would be the next step, my love?" he asked, amazed yet again at how beautiful she looked with her hair seeming to be on fire as the setting sun sparked off her titian tresses.

"Loving you. Making you deliriously happy. Making sure you don't work too hard and bringing your son to your office so he can learn to be just as wonderful as you are," she said. She wasn't able to continue since Jason's mouth covered hers in a passionate kiss that left them both breathless.

A week later, Sophie gave birth to a beautiful baby boy with dark brown hair and green eyes. Two years later, she gave birth to twin girls, both with red hair and dark, brown eyes just like their father.

