Chapter One

Plan slowly, run fast.

As her mother's words repeated in her mind like a well-worn mantra, Fila Sahar struggled to right her clothing in the cramped bathroom of the Emirates-owned airplane she'd been traveling in for hours. She'd waited to escape from Afghanistan for over ten years, keeping her head down, gathering information, cultivating contacts, fitting each puzzle piece together with infinite care. Soon-very soon-it would be time to run.

She washed her hands with shaking fingers, turned off the tap, and dried them carefully. In the mirror, her dark, almond-shaped eyes were almost obscured behind the delicate netting of her sky-blue burqa. As she smoothed it down and gathered its folds to cover as much as her clothing as possible, she blessed the covering garment for the first time in her life. The men who'd brought her here weren't relatives and they had never seen her face. That would have brought too much shame to her family.

Family. Fila refused to believe any of the radicals who had held her captive for over a decade were related to her in any way.

Turn the weapons of your enemies so they point at their own hearts.

Those weren't her mother's words; they were the words of the Taliban men who'd trapped her in their violent snares and swallowed up her life. But the words still fit, and she'd follow them.

One last check in the mirror to see that all was well, and Fila opened the bathroom door, retraced her steps to her seat, and submitted herself to the strict care of her guards once again.

"What the hell are we doing here?" Cab Johnson asked from his uncomfortable position in the back seat of Rob Matheson's oversized Chevy. At six foot four and over two hundred pounds, he was always uncomfortable in back seats. Hell, he could barely wear his hat in here. It didn't help that he shared the extended cab with three other cowboys-three men he'd normally call his best friends. Rob Matheson, at the wheel, was a tall, blond, blue-eyed man he'd known since grade school. An all-around trouble-maker, Cab had no doubt he was behind today's shenanigans. Ethan Cruz sat beside Rob in the front passenger seat. A dark-haired, rugged rancher, he'd grown up on the spread next to Rob's and was another of Cab's oldest friends.

Rounding out the group was Jamie Lassiter, a little shorter than the other two, a little slighter, as well, but he possessed a wiry strength and he'd never taken last place when it came to getting the attention of women. No, that distinction fell to Cab, which was one reason he was still single while the rest of them had recently settled down. More reserved than his friends, he'd always hung back when they flirted and talked with the pretty women at bars, at parties, heck, even in grocery stores. He wasn't the flirting kind. As county sheriff it behooved him to keep a more dignified demeanor. Plus, he'd had his eye on a particular woman for quite some time.

A woman engaged to another man.

Cab sighed. It had been a rough few months in many ways. While his friends had gotten married one by one over the sunny summer, he'd helped to track down a killer with the rest of southern Montana's law enforcement officers. A man who had brutally assaulted and beaten to death three young women, and nearly finished off a fourth before he was apprehended. Cab was still haunted by details of the cases and the fact they hadn't caught the man sooner. The fourth victim-a woman named Amanda Strassburg-was still in the hospital and would be for some time. Samuel Grady, the perpetrator, was behind bars awaiting trial. The evidence was solid-they'd caught him in the act-and Cab was sure he'd spend the rest of his life in prison at the very least.

He was also sure there were other Samuel Gradys out there, and that kept him from sleeping well these nights. Today he wasn't working, though, so he had planned to head over to Linda's Diner for lunch in the hopes that he'd forget his dark thoughts in the hustle and bustle of the eatery. Midmorning he'd gotten a call from Ethan, who had asked him to stop by. He did so on his way into town and had met up with the whole gang-Ethan, Jamie and Rob-all getting ready to run an errand. The next thing he knew he'd been coerced into coming with them. Well, coerced was probably too strong a word. He'd been mostly pleased to see his friends all together without their wives for once-not that he minded their wives. It was simply galling to be the odd man out these days. First Jamie became partners with Ethan on the Cruz ranch, then Rob joined in. Now all three of them were married and living on the same spread. Cab was out in the cold. He didn't begrudge his friends the fun they had living and working together. He just hated being on the outskirts of that fun all the time.

He was beginning to have second thoughts about this errand, though. Why were they parked in front of Thayer Jewelers?

The call from Ethan seemed innocent enough. He'd asked Cab to come by and pick up an extra pie his wife, Autumn, had baked for him. Never one to turn down pie, Cab made it his business to come right over. As soon as he found the three of them waiting for him, he should have known something was up.

Because something was definitely up.

"Did Autumn ask for an upgrade on that ring you bought her?" he asked Ethan as they all piled out of the truck. He eyed the jewelry store with suspicion. Rose Bellingham would be in there.

Rose. When he wasn't dreaming about the possibility of a serial killer coming to Chance Creek, he dreamed about Rose these days, even though he had no right to do such a thing. Unfortunately sometimes those two dreams merged and when he woke, thrashing and hollering, he paced the floor of his bedroom for hours, unable to sleep at all. Rose lived alone. Her fiance, Jason Thayer, was off in North Dakota, making his fortune in the oil fields. Rose rented the carriage house behind Jason's father's old-fashioned house in town. Safe enough, but was a young single woman ever really safe?

Was anyone?

"Nah, we didn't come here for me," Ethan said, giving him a friendly shove toward the door.

"Then why are we here?" He had a feeling he wouldn't like the answer. How was it that everyone else in town respected him except these three idiots? As the county sheriff, he normally called the shots. Not when Rob, Ethan and Jamie were around.

"Come on," Jamie said and pulled the door open. Cab reluctantly went inside. He'd never liked the jewelry store, probably because it made him feel like the proverbial bull in a china shop. Everywhere he looked stood glass cases filled with precious, delicate jewelry.

Definitely not his scene.

"Do whatever you need to do and let's get out of here," he growled. He wasn't in the mood to see Rose, either. He didn't want the reminder that she was engaged to Jason, whose father owned this store. Rose had worked here for a couple of years now. She'd been engaged to Jason for nearly six. What was the man waiting for?

Sometimes Cab wished Jason would get a move on and marry Rose already. That would put the final nail in Cab's coffin and he could get his grieving over and done with. Rose would become Jason's responsibility and maybe he could stop worrying about her. Other times, he hoped Rose and Jason's engagement would stretch out until it finally snapped and she gave him back his ring. It was wrong to wish unhappiness on another man, but Cab did. Often.

"Over here," Ethan called, gesturing for them to join him at one of the cases. Cab figured the sooner they finished this charade the sooner they could leave. He moved carefully to join the others as they bent over a display of engagement rings. Rose, who'd been near the cash register when they came in, crossed to join them, a smile on her pretty face. She was petite with glossy dark brown hair and startling blue eyes that often contained a spark of humor. Cab loved the way she was always smiling, even if sometimes that smile was wry. She was cheerful, sharp, imaginative and lively. Jason was a fool to leave her alone so long.

Cab kept his expression carefully friendly, as always, all too aware of the engagement ring that had been on Rose's finger for as long as he could remember. He knew Jason had slipped the thin silver band on after he took her to their senior prom. Cab hadn't noticed Rose much back then. He was a young buck in those days just establishing himself as a sheriff's deputy. Directly after graduation, Jason moved to North Dakota. Rose stayed in Chance Creek and found herself a job. Cab had noticed her more and more over the years but had kept his distance until Rose became friends with Autumn and started to help out from time to time at the Cruz guest ranch. Thrown together more at social occasions, Cab had gotten to know her better, and as much as he told himself she was off limits-entirely off limits-he couldn't help wishing she wasn't.

"That one," Jamie said, pointing to the most ostentatious ring in the bunch. Cab would hate to know the woman who wanted that monstrosity on her finger.

"Nah, too flashy," Ethan said. "I think that one." He pointed to a wisp of a gold band.

"That's not an engagement ring; that's hardly a ring at all," Rob said. "This one." He jabbed a finger at a circlet of yellowish diamonds that made Cab wince.

It was amazing any of them had wives, he thought, leaning over and examining the case for himself. His eyes immediately lit on a vintage art deco ring with flowing lines and several sparkling diamonds. It reminded him of Rose somehow; artistic, womanly, unique.

"Rose," Jamie said. "Pull out that one, would you?" He pointed to the ring Cab was staring at.

Rose reached in and pulled out the tray. She angled it toward Cab and he picked up the ring, curious to see it without the intervening glass case. Just as he thought, it was a work of art.

"You can't see it that way," Rob said, grabbing it from his fingers. He snatched up Rose's hand, drew her own ring off her finger and jammed the one Cab picked out in its place.

"Rob!" Rose snatched her hand away and held it up, shock on her face. She stared first at the ring, then at Cab, then back at the ring again. When her free hand grabbed for the counter, and her knees buckled, Cab reached over the case to steady her.

"Rose? You okay?" She looked like she was about to faint.

"Told you," Rob said, grinning at Ethan.

"Son of a gun," Ethan said, "You were right."

"What are you talking about?" Cab was annoyed. "Get her some water, for crying out loud. Rose, do you need to sit down for a minute?" In a horrible flash he wondered if she was pregnant. She'd been Jason's fiancee a long time. Maybe they hadn't always been careful.

Rose stared at him wide-eyed. Growing worried, Cab tightened his grip on her arm and came around to her side of the case. "I think you need to sit," he said again.

She shook her head and seemed to come back to herself. "I'm... fine."

"Really?" Jamie said. "Because you look like you've seen your hus-"

Ethan whacked him on the arm.

Rose blushed furiously, peeled the ring off and thrust it back into the tray. Understanding dawned on Cab and he felt heat creep up his own neck at the trick his friends had played. They'd gotten him to choose a ring. They'd put that ring on Rose's finger.

They'd waited for her reaction.

Everyone knew about Rose's hunches-the ones she got when a couple chose their engagement ring. Somehow she could predict their future-if their marriage would be successful or not. If they were meant to be together. She'd given her approval to Ethan, Jamie and Rob when they'd bought their rings during the past few months, and since all of them remained happily married they believed her hunches were real.

So what did they think they were proving now?

He wanted to let go of Rose's arm. Wanted to apologize for his friends and get the hell out of there, but he couldn't seem to turn away.

"I didn't feel anything," she said angrily, breaking the uncomfortable silence. She yanked her arm away from Cab's grip and set the tray of rings back in the case with shaking hands.

"You looked like you felt something," Rob said with a grin. Rob made a business of teasing women, and he and Rose had been friends for some time. Usually Rose gave back as good as she got, but this time she didn't come up with a stinging reply.

She glanced at Cab again instead, and Cab's stomach tightened when he met her gaze. He saw something there-awareness, interest-fear?-that sent a shiver of recognition up his own spine.

Rob was right; she'd felt something when he put the ring on her finger. The ring Cab had picked out. The ring he wished he could give her.

Were he and Rose meant for each other? Did she feel the same kind of interest in him he felt in her?

Rose turned away abruptly, grabbed her engagement ring off the counter and shoved the thin circle back onto her finger. Cab's stomach sank.

Of course she didn't feel anything for him. She had made her choice and it wasn't him.

"Let's go," he said gruffly. "See you around, Rose." He knew he should say something else-apologize for Rob's behavior at the very least-but he couldn't form the words. He turned on his heel and headed for the front door, hoping against hope the rest of them would follow his lead for once.

They did and a moment later they spilled out onto the sidewalk. Cab waited until Rob took his keys out and headed for his truck before he grabbed him by the collar of his jacket and slammed him face down on its hood.

"What the hell?" Rob bellowed. "Hey, let go! You can't arrest me for playing a joke." He struggled, but Cab had already pocketed his keys and slapped a handcuff around his right wrist. In a few spare motions he locked the other cuff on his left.

"I'm not arresting you. I'm going to throw you into the creek and watch you drown." He opened the door to the extended cab and gave Rob a shove. "Climb in." Rob did so, cursing, and Jamie got in beside him, chuckling. If Cab had another set of handcuffs he wouldn't be laughing long. Ethan got into the front passenger seat while Cab made his way around to the driver's side.

"You better not throw me in the creek," Rob said as Cab climbed in.

Cab shut the door and turned on all of them. "What the hell was that in there?" he demanded. "What would make you do that to Rose?"

The others exchanged a look. "We got to talking," Ethan said. "That's all. Who you'd likely match up with. Rob said Rose was gone on you. Jamie said no way because she's engaged to Jason. Rob said there was one way to tell for sure. So..." He shrugged his shoulders.

"You've got to be kidding." Cab looked from one to the other. "First of all, I'll marry who I marry, with no help from any of you. Second of all-" He broke off, exasperated. "Even if I wanted to marry Rose, she's taken. It's a done deal. You shouldn't have done that to her."

A long silence greeted this speech, broken at last by Rob. "Engagements can be broken, you know. Jason's been away a long time. Seems to me if he was going to marry her, he'd have done it by now."

"Yeah, well, until his ring is off her finger, I won't go near her," Cab said. He started the truck and pointed it toward the diner. He still planned to have his lunch. Rob could sit back there and starve for all he cared.

When Rose pulled into the parking area in front of the Big House on the Cruz ranch, she shut off her truck's engine, but didn't climb out. It was seven in the evening and, being November, nearly dark already. With her engine off, the cold outside air quickly brought the temperature in the cab down. Still, she kept her seat, not ready to go inside and face all of her friends. The incident in the jewelry store this morning had replayed in her mind all day. How could she react so strongly to Cab's ring when she was engaged to Jason?

Because your heart has moved on even if you haven't. The voice in her head sounded like Grandma Allison, a plainspoken woman who had died over a decade ago. She would tell Rose it was high time to make up her mind about her engagement.

The truth was her relationship with Jason had been going downhill for months. Years, even. She'd begun to suspect the only reason it had lasted this long was because they weren't living in the same state. If they were, Jason's attempts to organize and control her life would have driven her crazy. Back in high school she'd thought it romantic when he'd boss her around in that slow drawl of his. Sexy, even. Now it just pissed her off, not the least because everyone else in her life seemed to think they could boss her around, too.

Immediately she felt contrite at the uncharitable thoughts she'd aimed at her fiance. She'd promised herself only last week she'd give this relationship one last real shot before giving up. It didn't make sense to overthrow a six-year engagement on a whim. Even if that whim had lasted for months. Maybe she could change the way they interacted if she tried hard enough. She needed to be more direct about what she wanted. She needed to speak up. Jason would finally listen to her and stop trying to do everything his way. He loved her, after all. He always had.

She pulled out her phone and checked for messages. None. He hadn't called or texted her in days, and she hadn't reached out to him, either. He'd barely crossed her mind this week until Rob yanked his ring off her finger and replaced it with Cab's. Refusing to think too deeply about what that meant, she called him, waiting as the phone rang and rang.

Finally Jason answered. "Yeah?"

Rose frowned. Hadn't he seen her name on the screen? Why was he being so abrupt? "It's me."

"What is it, Rose?" He sounded impatient. He was somewhere noisy. At a restaurant, maybe?

"I just wanted to say hi," she said brightly. "I wondered what you were doing."

A pause. "Nothing."

He wasn't going to make this easy, was he? This is how their conversations went these days-stilted, with long gaps and awkward questions that betrayed how little they knew about the day-to-day circumstances of each other's lives. Well, she was trying to bridge those gaps, wasn't she? Her last-ditch effort to save their sinking ship of an engagement. She tried again. "Where are you?"

"Jeez, Rose, what are you, my father?"

Stung, Rose snapped. "No, I'm the one who has to deal with your father. You're five hundred miles away, remember?"

"I didn't tell you to move in with my old man. In fact, I told you to keep living with your parents so we could save more money," Jason snapped back.

Rose shut her eyes. There it was, that harping, bossy tone he always directed at her. Jason knew she hated the idea of living at home. She felt like a child under her parents' roof. When Emory offered her the carriage house three years ago, she jumped at it. The rent was nominal and the place was all her own. At least, that's what she thought in the beginning. Now she knew better. Still, how many times had she and Jason had this particular fight? They could say the lines in their sleep. Jason was right; moving onto his father's property had been a mistake. Emory Thayer was overbearing to say the least. Jason had warned her, but she hadn't truly understood until she moved in.

"Look, I'm not trying to check up on you," she began, ignoring the rest of what he'd said.

"Sure sounds like it. Have you found a new job yet?"

"There are no jobs," Rose said. How many times had they had this conversation, too? "And I don't want another job until I go to school. I've told you that."

"How the hell are we supposed to save up for a house if you're going to spend all our money?" Jason said. "Art school is stupid. You spend thousands of dollars to learn a skill that makes you no money back. It's a bad investment."

"Stupid?" Rose echoed, her voice rising. Jason had always been against her going to art school but he'd never used such strong words before.

"Art is a hobby, Rose. A hobby. Only idiots pay that kind of money for their hobbies."

Was he for real? She remembered the days back in high school when Jason drove in the demolition derby. How much money had he blown on that particular hobby?

"I'm a good artist. I can make money..."

"No, you can't." Jason's temper flared, too. "It's time to get real. No artist can make that kind of money. It's a one in a million shot, and the chance that it would happen to you is nonexistent. Art school is for little rich kids who don't need to make a living. You need to make a living. What about that nursing course I told you about? A friend of mine here has a wife who's a nurse and she's making a killing! You could go to night school. But first you need to get your ass out of my dad's store and find another job. I gotta go."

He clicked off the phone and left her staring out the windshield of her truck in shock. Was that how he really felt? That she had no chance as an artist? And nursing-that was his idea of an alternative? The thought made her shiver in disgust. Thank God other people liked nursing, but it wasn't for her. She was terrified of illness and death and all the things nurses had to take in stride. She was far too private a person to be comfortable with the intimate tasks nurses faced every day. Whatever she did for a living had to be artistic in some sense of the word. That's why she stuck to the jewelry store even if it meant working with Emory. The rings were beautiful and the variety of jewelry infinite. While Emory didn't let her pick the merchandise, he did let her peruse the catalogs and dream over all the designs. She'd tried jewelry making herself, but unfortunately it wasn't her thing, either. She preferred acrylics. Still, selling rings was better than nothing.

Why should Jason get to pursue his dream but demand that she give hers up? And if he was so set on saving money, why didn't he save more of it himself? He had to be earning a ton of money at his oil patch job, but he claimed living expenses ate up most of his wages. After all these years he still didn't have enough money for them to marry and put a down payment on a house. She was beginning to think he never would.

Which was probably just as well. Because if she was honest, she didn't want to marry him anymore. In the cold, dark stillness of the truck cab, she finally faced the truth. She had promised herself one last try at working things out, but she was out of patience. She didn't want to try anymore. What was the use of it? Jason wasn't going to change. As she stared out at the hulking shapes of the barns against the night sky, she made up her mind. She was done with Jason. Done with Emory. Done with all of it. She would break off the engagement, find a new place to live and get a new job. That wasn't going to be easy, though. The minute she phoned Jason and told him the news, he'd be on the phone to Emory, and Emory would be on the phone with her folks. She couldn't stay in the carriage house or work for Emory anymore once she broke things off with Jason. And she wouldn't want to be anywhere near her parents, either. They were going to flip their lids.

First, she needed a place to call her own and a job. Then she could spill the beans to Jason. Luckily, Jason wouldn't call her back for at least another week, so she had plenty of time to make a plan. She considered going home and getting started on it right away, but decided against that course of action. She'd already had a long day and she needed company to cheer her up. Home alone, she'd have to fully face the mess she'd made of her life so far, and more than likely Emory would drop in and want to stay an hour. At least here she'd be with her friends.

Taking a deep breath, she looked at the band of silver on her ring finger. In one week she'd take it off for good. She expected a stab of pain, or tears to sting her eyes, but instead she felt a lift of anticipation in her heart and then a squeeze of shame. How could she be happy she was breaking off a six-year engagement? What kind of a woman was she?

A realist, she decided as she climbed out of the truck. She and Jason weren't meant to be together. It was time to move on.

Inside the Cruz Big House some minutes later, she perched on the arm of one of the sofas in the living room. Every Thursday her friends gathered at Ethan and Autumn's house for an informal get-together. Usually they played poker, but this week the Cruzes had bought a pool table and they were breaking it in with a tournament. Autumn, nearly six months pregnant, told Rose she was slated to play Autumn's sister-in-law Claire in a while, but right now Ethan and Jamie were up. The rest of the people present stood around, or sat on stools pulled from the kitchen counter to watch. Autumn circulated with appetizers and everyone knew there was beer in the refrigerator.

Rose had always been jealous of Autumn's elfin features and long, lustrous hair. Someone had once described her as ethereal, and the word suited. Originally from New York City, Autumn fit into Chance Creek like she'd been born here. Rose, who had been born here, couldn't remember what the town was like before she came. She'd been the one to transform the Cruz ranch into a guest ranch business. Soon afterward, Jamie and Claire built their home on another part of the spread. Jamie helped with trail rides, but he also was starting a horse breeding business. Claire helped when she could but she was much in demand as an interior decorator. Ethan and Jamie had grown up together, along with Rob Matheson, whose family owned the next ranch over. Rob was here tonight as well. A tall, blond, handsome cowboy, he owned a property that straddled the two ranches. He and his wife, Morgan, had just started a winery on part of that land. Like Autumn and Claire, Morgan was pregnant, although she was only in her first trimester. Rob also intended to work with Ethan on the guest ranch and Jamie with the horse breeding. The three friends had found a way to interweave their lives, and Rose, frankly, was jealous of the way it all seemed to work so well.

A cheer went up when Ethan sank a shot and Rose's attention returned to the room. Everyone else seemed mesmerized by the pool game.

All except Cab Johnson. He was watching her.

Rose frowned. Did the sheriff know what he'd done to her when he picked out that ring and Rob slid it on her finger? Immediately, a rush of emotion had overcome her: joy, excitement, a sense of rightness she'd never felt before. She'd always had hunches when she sold couples their engagement rings, but nothing like this-never anything half so strong. If it was any other man and woman she'd feel sure their marriage was bound to succeed.

But it wasn't any other couple; it was her and Cab. They weren't even engaged. They'd never gone on a date.

What on earth had possessed Rob to drag Cab in there, make him pick a ring and shove it on her finger? She was friends with Rob, sort of. He teased her mercilessly and she did her best to tease him back. How could he have guessed that lately when she saw Cab she felt... interested?

She crushed that thought with an iron hand. First she needed to extricate herself from her current situation, and then she needed to find a backbone before she considered dating again. She'd let her parents run her life until she was eighteen, and then even though she'd thought she was showing her independence by getting engaged to Jason, it hadn't worked out that way. Instead, she felt as if she'd gone from two parents to four. Her mother, father, Emory and Jason all told her what to do. She hadn't stood a chance at ordering her own life.

This time it was going to be different. This time she wouldn't answer to anyone. Just as soon as she broke up with Jason she'd be free as a bird, and no one, not even the hottest, most eligible sheriff was going to hold her back.

Rose sipped her beer, fighting against the breathless feeling Cab's proximity always conjured in her. What was it about the man that tugged at her in such a primal way? He liked to hang back and let his friends hog the limelight, but to Rose he stood out like a beacon. He was muscular, self-assured, intelligent, and damn him, she wanted to know what he was like between the sheets.

She glanced around to see if anyone else had noticed the direction of Cab's gaze-or guessed the direction her thoughts had taken. Jamie sunk a ball and Claire cheered, her glossy black bob swinging with her enthusiasm.

"Hey-what happened to family loyalty?" Ethan said to her.

"Husbands take preference over brothers," Claire said. She was glowing tonight, Rose thought with more than a bit of jealousy. She and Jamie couldn't be more in love. That was hard to stomach when Rose's own relationship was disintegrating and she was fighting inappropriate feelings for Cab. Still avoiding the sheriff's gaze, she considered another couple who'd joined them tonight; Bella and Evan Mortimer.

The billionaires.

Rose still couldn't believe that sweet Bella Chatham, the local pet veterinarian who couldn't say no to any stray animal, had gone on a national reality television show, beat a billionaire to win the five million dollar prize, then married the guy. With his short, dark hair and athletic build, Evan was as hot as any of the local cowboys, Rose had to admit. While she didn't begrudge Bella her fantastic luck, she also couldn't help feeling jealous. Again. Evan and Bella were camping out in Bella's airstream trailer behind her clinic and shelter until they decided where to build their new house.

Everyone in this room was coupled up and on their way to living their dreams. Even Hannah Ashton, Bella's receptionist, had a boyfriend, although he wasn't here tonight. She and the sheriff were the only ones without partners.

She risked a glance over at him, but quickly looked away when she met his gaze. He was still watching her. Not in an overtly sexual way and not in a weird stalker-ish way. Just watching her. As if he was considering something.

Considering her reaction to his ring, maybe.

She glanced down to her left hand where it rested in her lap. The thin silver band Jason Thayer had slipped on her ring finger six years ago still glinted there. After six years of being someone's fiancee, she needed at least six years of being on her own before she considered marriage again. By that time Cab would be long gone.

Jamie sunk another ball and Claire cheered again, startling Rose out of her reverie.

"You won't be cheering when you go up against Jamie," Ethan said to her. "If you beat Rose, you play him afterward."

"He'll go easy on me," Claire said confidently.

"Oh, yeah?" Jamie straightened up from the table.

"You will unless you want to sleep on the couch tonight," she said.

Jamie chuckled. "I tell you what. When it's our turn we'll get rid of the peanut gallery and make it a game of strip pool."

"Strip pool?" Rob said from where he perched on one of the stools. "That's genius." He gave his wife's hand a tug and waggled his eyebrows at her. Morgan rolled her eyes.

Strip pool? Rose glanced involuntarily at Cab and met his gaze again. An image sprang into her mind. The two of them alone in the room. Cue sticks in hand.

Half undressed.

She'd seen him without his shirt before when the whole gang went swimming in Chance Creek. Cab was a big guy-really big.

And not an ounce of fat on him. Powerful shoulders, massive thighs, muscles to die for...

The sudden intensity in his gaze told her he was thinking about the same possibility she was. Her breath hitched and heat swept through her. What would it be like to unbutton her shirt, peel off her bra and let Cab take a look? Would he touch her...?

She wrenched her gaze away, the heat in her face telling her she had flushed to the roots of her hair. Quickly she swallowed the rest of her beer and slipped off her stool to make her way to the kitchen. She took her time fetching a second bottle from the refrigerator. Heck, if she could get away with it she'd climb right in the thing to cool herself off.

She couldn't feel this way-not about Cab. Not now. It would be lunacy to break off one long-term relationship and jump straight into a new one. She needed space and time to figure out who she was. She needed to figure out what she was going to do next. She needed a home. And a job. There was way too much on her plate to allow her the luxury of dating.

But when she returned to the living room her gaze sought out Cab like a moth drawn to a flame.

And he was looking back at her.

A tremor of desire rippled through her and Rose realized she'd waited far too long to break up with Jason. Not because she should be with Cab, but because she shouldn't feel like this for anyone. Not when she was about to embark on an important new chapter in her life-one in which she'd hopefully discover exactly who she was. She'd allowed herself to get so lonely and unhappy that she longed to throw herself at the next man who crossed her path. That meant it was doubly important she create a new life for herself-a life that didn't require her to have a man in order to feel complete. She couldn't keep putting her dreams on hold. Time to put her plans into action.

Before it was too late.

Chapter Two

Two minutes. She had two minutes to change her clothes and transform her life.

Now on the ground in John F. Kennedy International Airport, Fila locked the handicapped accessible bathroom stall door and drew off her burqa in a public place for the first time in ten years. Taking a deep gulp of air, she didn't stop to celebrate the moment. Instead, she hung her ungainly tan pocketbook from the hook on the stall door, withdrew the smaller, brown purse from inside and replaced it with the rolled up burqa. Unzipping the purse, she pulled out a makeup kit. With trembling hands, she swiped bold, red lipstick on her lips, glittery mascara on her eyelashes, and two swoops of color on her lids. She patted powder on her cheeks, followed by rouge and surveyed the results in her compact mirror. She didn't look at all like herself.

Perfect.

Next, she pulled out the coup de grace; a short bobbed blond wig. Placing it expertly over her dark coiled braids-how many times had she practiced this very maneuver at home when her so-called uncles were out to work or at one of their many meetings?-and pinned it tightly in place. Another quick look in the mirror told her she was bold, brassy-a far cry from the Fila anyone knew.

Stuffing the makeup back into her purse, she next began to peel off layers of clothing. Anna Langway, the Canadian woman who'd come to Afghanistan with a traveling vaccination clinic, and who had been her chief ally in planning this escape, had slipped her the bundle only a week ago.

"I don't care what you think of them. Wear them when you reach New York," she'd whispered. "Your guards won't believe you capable of it, and you'll blend in with other young women."

As soon as Fila got alone and undid the bundle, she knew exactly what Anna meant, and she knew she couldn't risk getting caught with these items in her bag, either. She'd stolen moments whenever she could to stitch them inside the modest clothing she would wear for the first part of her journey. Now Fila picked at the threads of her black quilted coat until they unraveled to reveal the pink plastic raincoat inside it. Her long skirt fell away in sheets of cloth to reveal a matte black mini skirt. Her drab, shapeless, heavy blouse came apart to reveal a spaghetti strapped tank top.

Next came the contacts Anna had handed her, whispering brief instructions. With skill based on lots of practice, Fila popped them one by one into her eyes, satisfied by her new blue irises. She replaced her traditional silver hoop earrings with dangling bangles, slapped a number of chunky bracelets on her arm and stopped to survey her cheap engagement ring. It had surprised her when one of her uncles placed it on her finger, but he said her new husband would expect her to wear one when she reached America.

She pulled it off, too, after a long moment's hesitation, dropped it into the toilet and flushed.

Her life in captivity was over. Time to make a fresh start.

Cab Johnson opened his eyes several days later and stared at the curtained window in his nearly pitch-black bedroom. He'd heard something outside. Something that definitely didn't belong outside at four a.m. on a cold November morning. Was that a truck's engine idling?

This house was much too big and much too empty for one man to live in. Especially a man plagued with memories of a series of crime scenes at which three young women had met a brutal death. Word at work the day before was that Amanda Strassburg, the last of Grady's victims, was still in critical condition. He hoped like hell she would make it.

Since moving into Carl Whitfield's mansion some weeks ago, he'd been as jumpy as a colt with a rattler underfoot. Carl had headed out west for the winter after his fiancee dumped him and offered the place rent free to Cab in exchange for Cab keeping an eye on it. The oversized log home was just too big to keep track of in the unconscious way he normally monitored his apartment for possible intruders. Cab relied on his sixth sense-honed from years on the job-to alert him when things were off-kilter, but in a house this large, with more rooms than you could shake a stick at, his sixth sense just didn't work. Plus, the mansion made him all too aware of how alone he was. The Cruz ranch, where all his friends lived, was just a few miles down the road, but it might have been a thousand miles away for all the good that did him once he'd settled in for the night. Cab wasn't the kind of man who feared the darkness. He wasn't afraid to live alone.

He was just... lonely. He woke often, and each time felt the large, empty space pushing down on his chest. He'd realized in these past few weeks he didn't want to be lonely anymore. It was time to settle down and start a family. If it couldn't be with Rose, he needed to find someone else.

He didn't want anyone else, though.

He sat up slowly, trying not to make any sounds of his own, and froze when the engine running outside shut off. A moment later came a creak and a metallic clunk that told him the driver had just exited the vehicle and shut the door behind him. He'd done so quietly, but there was no way to mask that telling sound, not in the silent clarity of an autumn night. Cab slid his covers back, eased off the bed, and cautiously made his way across the room. He could have traversed his own bedroom in two steps with his eyes closed and not come to any harm, but not this overly large, ornate room. Carl had decorated his brand new home with fine art objects and paintings and priceless Persian carpets before he found out his intended bride had changed her mind and didn't want to get married after all. The bed was flanked by marble tables, each topped with a bust of some dead Roman poet. Cab suspected they were not reproductions. After nearly knocking one over his first night here, he decided to proceed with caution-and with his eyes open-at all times.

To Cab's way of thinking, Carl was better off without Lacey, who'd given Ethan the runaround before she decided to play the same game with Carl. Now she claimed she wanted to finish college and become a mental health counselor, but Cab didn't plan to hold his breath. In his line of work he did sometimes see people change their lives, but more often he saw them screw up over and over and over again. Robbers robbed. Killers killed. And flighty, careless women remained flighty and careless.

Most of the time.

Once Carl realized Lacey wasn't coming back, he decided he wasn't cut out for ranch life. Just about any citizen of Chance Creek could have told him that the moment they met him, but the transplant from California thought he'd take to it. He liked dressing the part but as far as Cab could tell, he didn't want to get his hands dirty, and there was no way to be a cowboy without dirty hands. Stuck with an empty mansion full of expensive furnishings, Carl needed a tenant he could count on to guard it once he left. He'd approached Cab, and Cab had accepted. He made a point of saving his money when he could; he wasn't going to turn down top-notch accommodations that were free, as well. When he offered to pay at least token rent, Carl waved him off. "My insurance won't cover it unless someone's living there. I don't need the money; I just need a body. A body I can trust."

Well, he had a body to lend to the cause. And he was definitely responsible. Sometimes too responsible, if you asked him. He'd kept on the trail of that serial killer even when it ceased to strictly be his job. Once the FBI had moved in, he and the rest of the locals been asked to back off. Cab respected the separation of duties in law enforcement and didn't make a pest of himself, but he kept his eyes peeled, kept asking questions, kept going over the information he had. He hadn't been the one to solve the case, or the one to catch the killer in the act, but he'd done his part to help and he'd been on the scene within minutes of the man's capture. He'd seen the dead bodies at the previous crime scenes and he saw the live one at that one, too. The thought of that woman lying in the dirt, moving-barely-still alive, but mostly dead, and hardly recognizable as human would haunt him to his grave.

What if it had been Rose? What if she was hurt and he couldn't reach her? What if it had been Autumn, or Morgan, or Claire? Normally Cab liked working in his own home town, but he thanked God the serial killer had operated out of Tucker Hills some fifty miles away. People here had been frightened by the headlines, but not consumed by them, and once Samuel Grady was captured they returned to their lives as if nothing had happened.

Cab moved toward the bank of windows, pulled back the curtain and peered outside. A quarter-moon lit the night faintly. If there had been snow on the ground, it would have helped to raise the visibility, but so far they hadn't seen any in Chance Creek. Looking out over the massive garden Carl had hired Rob to install just last month, he couldn't see anything out of the ordinary.

The sound had come from the woods on the other side of the garden, if he wasn't mistaken. Carl's mansion sat back from the road at the end of a winding driveway that first passed through a fringe of trees at the perimeter of the property, then swept through a grassy lawn. The house itself sat perpendicular to the road, the garden to its rear sandwiched between it and a wide strip of woods. Those woods swept all the way down to meet the road, forming a definitive barrier between Carl's spread and the next ranch over.

He couldn't recall a track into those woods, but there was a pullout where they ran down to the road. Unfortunately, he wasn't familiar enough with this property to judge by sound if that was where the car had parked. He hadn't grown up on a spread like this one. His own family lived on the other side of town in a modest three-bedroom house on a couple of acres. They'd kept horses growing up and he was as comfortable in the saddle as any of his ranching friends, but like his father he'd chosen law enforcement instead of cattle. Someone's gotta keep the peace, his dad liked to say. Cab agreed with that sentiment.

Which was why he couldn't go back to bed and pull the covers up over his head without investigating that sound. Cab hesitated only a brief moment before he let the curtain drop, pulled on his jeans and a flannel shirt, and shrugged into his shoulder holster. Patting his piece into place, he strode through the large house without turning on any lights, and found his heavy fall coat near the front door. He shrugged it on and reached for the door handle, but changed his mind. Someone might be watching for him there. Best to make his way into the basement and let himself out the side door.

Cursing in the darkness as he stumbled down the steps and toward the secondary door, he finally found the cold metal knob, slid back the bolt above it, and let himself outside. Frigid air feathered over his face as he closed it behind him and stood listening. Pure silence greeted him.

He hesitated to walk past the house toward the garden, afraid he'd be seen before he could get anywhere near the trees. The garden that stood between him and his goal was a full acre. It was only because the night was so still that he'd heard that vehicle at all. Might as well give it a try, though.

He stepped as carefully as he could over the bare ground, made it past the house and waited in the shadows until he planned his route. He skirted the garden, using its enclosing stone walls as a partial cover, then slowed down again at the far side where another stretch of bare ground stood between him and the forest.

He couldn't hear anything now, but he didn't think the person-whoever he was-had left, since he hadn't heard the truck's engine start up again. After another moment of listening, he moved silently across the last stretch of ground and gained the trees. Now he found it easier to slip through the shadows without announcing his presence. He heard the crackle of twigs breaking. Someone was moving through the woods, trying to be quiet but not doing a very good job of it. He eased forward and slipped from tree to tree, keeping to the shadows, wanting to get as close as possible before he announced his presence in any way.

As his eyes adjusted to the dim light he could make out the bulky shape of a truck pulled off the road. Standing several dozen steps inside the trees was a slim figure clad all in black. He couldn't tell much about the person, except that he or she was on the short side. Whoever it was simply stood and surveyed the forest. Well, that wasn't a crime, except the matter of trespassing. They didn't seem to be hunting or vandalizing anything. Just looking.

Cab didn't think he moved, but suddenly the person turned, stared right at the thick cluster of trees where he crouched, and hurried back toward the truck. He didn't get a chance to see the make or model of the vehicle before it pulled away, let alone its license plate, and he cursed himself for not ascertaining those before he focused on the perpetrator.

Person, he reminded himself. Whoever had come to Carl's woods hadn't done anything against the law.

Still, he'd bet just about anything they'd planned to. That wasn't a call of nature he'd stumbled onto; the person had been looking for something, he was sure of it.

He just didn't know what.

Back in bed a half-hour later, he waited for the sleep he knew wouldn't come. Thoughts of Rose vied with worries about who might have stopped in Carl's woods and why. He'd have understood it if the person was casing out Carl's mansion. It held enough items to satisfy the greediest thief.

The person hadn't been anywhere near the house, though. It was the woods that interested him, and Cab couldn't fathom why. There wasn't anything special about them as far as he could tell. As long minutes passed and he found no answers to the puzzle, he let his thoughts wander to other things. If he was going to settle down sometime soon, he needed a house of his own. He'd thought about buying property before, but each time he looked in the paper, something stopped him. The problem was his future had no shape to it. He could get a house in town, but maybe his wife would like a bigger property. He could get an acreage, but without anyone to help, it could prove to be too much work. He liked horses, but did he like them enough to have his own stables? Right now he kept a gelding at Ethan's and used it whenever he liked. It seemed cruel to keep a single horse off on its own, but he didn't know if he had the time to care for several of them.

Fact was, he didn't want to figure out all of this on his own. If he was going to buy a house, he wanted to buy it for someone. Same with an acreage. Property meant upkeep, renovations-all of which he'd be happy to do, if there was someone to do it for.

He would love to put a ring on Rose's finger. Too bad she was the one woman he couldn't have.

The next morning, Rose stifled a yawn and tried to focus on the young couple looking among the glass cases of the jewelry store for the perfect engagement ring. The shop itself was perfectly in order, as usual. Emory was a stickler for cleanliness and couldn't bear for anything to be out of place, even for a moment. He was also a stickler for punctuality and impeccable customer service, great qualities in the retail industry, but really-there was a limit. Rose was at her limit with Chelsea Wight and Doug Standle, the young couple currently perusing the ring section. Chelsea-who'd just graduated from high school last spring-had bounced into the store fifteen minutes ago, her dirty-blond curls swinging, and honed in on the most expensive rings in the place. Doug-an acne-scarred redhead who still hadn't graduated although he was nineteen-hung near the door until Chelsea went back, took his hand, and led him to the ring cases. Rose knew exactly what would happen next. Chelsea would pick out a fancy ring and try it on. Then she'd ask Rose the question she dreaded most. "What do you think? Are we meant to be together?"

Damn Rob Matheson and his big mouth.

Three years ago when she took this job, Rose had no idea she had any psychic tendencies. After she hired on with Emory, however, and some months passed by, she began to notice that whenever a couple bought an engagement ring, she got a strong feeling whether their love would last or not. Of course she had no idea whether her feelings were all that accurate; she hadn't worked here long enough to prove them over the long haul. Still, four or five couples she'd gotten bad hunches about during her first year in the store now were divorced. The ones she'd gotten good hunches about were still married.

She made the mistake one day of mentioning the trend to Rob. At the time, he'd been single with lots of hours to kill and he often stopped by to chat while she worked at the shop. He'd been present one day when she sold a ring to a couple she doubted would make it to the altar. When he complimented her on the sale she shook her head and told him they'd probably return the ring within the month.

She'd been right and Rob had been in the shop that day, too. He was convinced of her powers, as he called them.

And he'd convinced everyone else. Of course, now he was married to Morgan, and Rose had given her approval to the match, so he wanted to believe she saw these things clearly.

Today she saw them all too clearly.

Rose fumbled under the counter for a box of tissues and placed it near to Doug and Chelsea. She could guarantee someone was going to cry when these two began to talk money, and she had the uncomfortable feeling it might be Doug.

"This one," Chelsea said, jabbing a finger at a diamond cluster ring.

Rose shook her head. "Nope." Customer service be damned; she wasn't showing Chelsea that ring. It was way too expensive.

"What do you mean, no?" Chelsea straightened. Doug looked miserable. Poor fool, probably caught in a trap of his own making. Rose could just picture the scene last night on some back country road. Doug promising the moon if Chelsea gave in to his amorous advances. Chelsea agreeing, then dragging him to the jewelers at first light.

"I mean Doug can't afford it."

Chelsea scowled, but looked back at the case. "This one, then."

Cab's ring.

"Hell, no! I mean..." She looked into Chelsea's startled eyes. "He can't afford that one, either. Doug, what's your budget, honey?" She flashed the kid a warm you can confide in me smile, promising herself she'd remove Cab's ring from the display case and hide it in the back the moment these two had left the store. She couldn't bear the thought of it on anyone else's finger.

"Budget?"

Oh, for heaven's sake. "How much money do you want to spend on this ring?" Better to rip the Band-Aid off in one quick swipe. Otherwise Chelsea might be here for hours.

"Um... a hundred dollars? Next Friday, when I get paid?"

"A hundred dollars?" Chelsea's voice rose and Rose nudged the box of tissues closer to them.

"Um... yeah."

"I'm not wearing some stupid Cracker-Jack ring, Doug Standle!"

Doug scanned the store, wild-eyed, then broke for the front door, leaving Chelsea to stand open-mouthed as it slammed shut behind him. She blushed furiously red and turned to Rose. "I'm going to kill him!"

"If you can catch him," Rose said.

Chelsea gaped at her, struggled to answer, gave up and stormed out the door after him. Rose tucked the tissues back under the counter. She grabbed the glass cleaner and a rag and soon wiped Doug and Chelsea's fingerprints off the cabinet. A glance around the store told her all was perfect once again.

Perfect. As in boring. As in safe. As in, you don't need to go to college, Rosie-girl; I'm going to take good care of you. Just give me one year-two at the most-and I'll buy you a real ring. Why, oh why, oh why had she ever listened to Jason? Six years ago she'd been just like Chelsea-barely out of high school, itching to throw away classrooms and homework and get right to grown-up life.

And why not? Nobody expected great things from her. She was an average student, bright but not motivated. She acted in high school productions, joined a few after-school clubs, but she never led any of them. She'd done a couple of years of track and field-she was a sprinter-and she had several second place ribbons, but no firsts. What else would she do except settle down, marry her high school sweetheart and raise a family? Her parents felt like Jason did-that her dream of becoming a famous painter was just that: a dream. It was fine to take a painting course or two around town, but the thought of going into debt for art school seemed ridiculous to them.

At first she hadn't minded so much. Grown-up life was exciting. Jason headed straight for North Dakota's oil fields the week after they graduated, and the money he made was great. She got a job with a housekeeping service and saved up every penny she could. Her wages didn't compare to Jason's, and her job wasn't glamorous, but she didn't care. She thought pretty soon he'd move back, they'd pool their cash, and buy their own place. Time enough for art school later. When Jason came home for holidays and a couple weeks during summer vacation, they drove around in his pickup and looked at all the houses for sale. She dreamed of starting small, then gradually trading up until they owned a real piece of property.

She couldn't wait to get started, but as a year turned into two years, and then into three, her excitement wore off. She hated cleaning other people's houses. Hated the way some people treated her if they came home and she was still there. She'd even been propositioned once or twice by men who forgot something in the middle of their workday and were surprised to find her in their homes.

The second time Emmett Hardy pulled that trick, she quit outright. And afterward made the biggest mistake of her life.

She told her parents what happened.

After her daddy made a little visit to the Hardy place and came home with his knuckles bloodied, both her parents decided then and there that Rose's next job would be a safe one. It was Jason's father, Emory, who came to the rescue. He decided that after thirty years in the jewelry business he was ready for some time off. He'd still run the show, of course, but Rose could act as his primary saleswoman. He'd back her up during busy times and keep taking care of the inventory and bookkeeping.

When Rose hesitated-Emory was Jason's father after all, not to mention one of her parents' closest friends-Emory sweetened the deal.

"Tell you what, Rosie. I've got that carriage house back of my place that's standing empty. I'd meant to spiff it up and rent it out to some young couple for extra income. How about you move into it instead? I'll charge you half what I meant to charge a stranger."

At twenty-one, Rose was desperate to move out from under her parents' roof, and desperate to save as much money as possible, too.

So she said yes both to the job and the carriage house. Before she talked to Jason.

To say Jason was angry was an understatement.

"How could you do that? Haven't you listened to a damn thing I've said in the past three years? Do you know what it took for me to get out of there? How hard it was for me to leave? Now he's got you, he'll never let go!" he raged at her the next time they Skyped.

"He gave me a job and a cheap place to live. How is that bad?" she said, shocked by his reaction to her good news. "When you come home to visit, we'll have a place to be together." Wasn't that an improvement on getting it on in the cab of Jason's truck?

"I'm never coming to visit. Not while you live there. No way! Uh-uh."

"Jason!"

"Call me when you're out of there."

Unfortunately, Jason was right. Once she'd moved into the carriage house, it was impossible to move out. For one thing, she'd signed a year's lease with Emory. And when she brought up the possibility she'd move on early, Emory called her parents and all three of them dumped so much guilt and parental angst on her head that she couldn't go through with it.

For another thing, Emory still mourned the wife he'd lost a decade ago, and just when Rose made up her mind that enough was enough, he'd have one of his bad days, turn on the waterworks and melt her heart.

Jason was right; the carriage house was a trap. A nice, white-walled, perfectly furnished, always clean trap. Not just because she couldn't break her lease, but because Emory controlled what went on inside it, as well. Jason had always called his father a neat-freak, but she'd laughed it off as the complaint of a sloppy teenage boy. Now she knew better.

Emory didn't come over on purpose to pry or force her to do things his way, but when he stopped by to share a pie he'd bought at the bakery in town, or to drop off mail that had been delivered to his house instead of hers, or to collect the rent or any other errand, he couldn't help seeing the pile of magazines she'd left on the kitchen table. And once he'd pushed past her to tidy that up, he couldn't help noticing her easy chair was out of place. And once he'd straightened it, he'd notice the window curtains weren't hanging evenly.

And then there was no stopping him.

She complained to her parents, but they always took Emory's side.

"You are a bit of a pack rat, dear," her mother said. "You never tidy up all that art stuff. And after all, Emory's just lost his wife."

Ten years ago, Rose raged inwardly.

All that art stuff was what kept her sane throughout this whole ordeal. She'd always painted and one reason she wanted her own place was so she wouldn't have to pack away every tube and paintbrush at the end of a creative session. Emory was worse than her parents when it came to paint, however. Lately she didn't even bother to set up an easel. It acted like a beacon on the old man. No sooner had she dipped a brush into her acrylics than he knocked on her door.

There didn't seem to be any way out, however. Jason gave in and visited, but he came to Chance Creek less frequently and seemed to fight with his father every time. After his visits, Emory had more and more of his bad days, and Rose began to feel like she'd become his mother at the same time she became his employee and tenant. He cried so hard when her lease came due that she signed on for another year, then went home and cried herself.

In the last few years, she'd learned Emory's trigger points, both at home and in the store. Her kitchen table now remained pristine. Her drapes hung evenly. The furniture stayed in place. At the store, no fingerprints lingered more than a moment after the customers left. Everything tidy. Everything straight.

Rose thought she was going to lose her mind.

But what could she do? Her parents told her if she moved out it would be more than Emory could bear. He'd lost his wife and his son hardly visited anymore. He needed Rose to be there-like an anchor to keep Jason attached to him.

"Tell Jason it's time," her mother had said only last weekend. "It is time, Rosie-he ought to make an honest woman of you."

Too bad she didn't want to be an honest woman anymore.

She glanced around the shop again, verifying that all would hold up to the Emory test. Satisfied, her thoughts returned to the early morning drive she'd taken out of town to Carl Whitfield's woods. They were perfect, just perfect. When she moved out from Emory's carriage house, the only thing she'd be able to afford in town was a small studio apartment or a room in someone's house, but she wasn't going to let that get in the way of her painting career. No, she had a brand new plan. She was going to build herself a studio, tiny but all hers. It would be rustic, but more importantly it would be hidden in the last place anyone would ever look for her. She'd already started to draw up plans. If the shop stayed this slow, maybe she could pull them out and work on them some more later.

First things first. Glancing around the store to confirm she was alone in it, she withdrew the tray of rings, slid off Jason's silver band and replaced it with the art-deco piece Cab had picked out yesterday. Immediately sensation rushed over her, warm and bright and technicolored in its intensity. Exhilaration, happiness, comfort and an ineffable sense of homecoming flooded her body. She gazed at the ring, unable to believe it. She'd felt nothing when Jason slid his ring on her finger.

Absolutely nothing.

She picked up the phone and dialed, glancing time and again at the beautiful ring encircling her finger. "Emory? It's Rose. Hey-something's come up for me tomorrow and I need the day off."

Chapter Three

Fila took the pink cloth flats from her raincoat pockets, slid them on her feet and stuffed her sensible brown shoes in the old pocketbook with her burqa. She checked her watch. One minute, twenty seconds had passed.

Now the tricky part.

Squaring her shoulders, she opened the stall door and made her way to the mirror. She needed to ditch the pocketbook and its contents, but if she left them in the stall someone might see them and chase her down to return them to her. Or worse yet, someone might find them after she was gone and report an unattended bag to the airport security guards. The whole airport could shut down. She had to get her bag into the trashcan and out of sight.

With her small purse slung crosswise over her body, she rested the thick strap of her ungainly old pocketbook on her right shoulder. She lingered over the sink, washing her hands thoroughly and familiarizing herself with her new, startling appearance, until there was a break in the nearly non-stop traffic in the large ladies room. A quick glance around told her no one was looking. She stuffed the bag into a covered trash can placed under one of the automatic hand dryers, and as its lid swung closed, she realized she was almost done with this long, horrible chapter in her life.

All that remained was to walk out of the bathroom past her guards and disappear into the city beyond. Would it work? Or would they recognize her? None of these men had ever seen her without her burqa. The long skirt and clunky shoes she'd worn beneath it were gone. When they realized she'd shed her covering garment to escape, they'd search for a conservatively dressed dark-haired woman, not an oversexed blonde with blue eyes.

But could she really fool them? Or would they grab her as she walked past and drag her back to her imprisonment?

Her hands shook as she patted her wig into place again. She needed a sign, some talisman that this crazy scheme would really succeed; that she wasn't about to make the worst mistake of her life.

Plan slowly, run fast.

She could wait no longer.

Just as she approached the door to the outer airport corridor, it swung open and six young women walked in. Laughing and chatting, they swarmed around her, four heading for the mirror and sinks, two branching off to enter stalls.

"Hurry up! We've got fifteen minutes to get to the AirTrain," one of the girls by the mirror called out to her friends. Blond, tall and vivacious, she was obviously the ringleader.

Fila perked up. "The AirTrain?" she said aloud before fear could stop her. "That's where I'm going, too." She tried to match the girl's perky voice, her American accent. "I've never been to this airport before. Can I follow you?"

The girl looked her over, exchanged a glance with one of her friends and Fila held her breath. Would they help her? Or had she just ruined everything?

A smile broke out over the young woman's face. "Sure! This is our first time in New York City, too. The more the merrier!"

As the two women in the stalls came out, washed their hands and primped their hair, Fila positioned herself in the center of the pack. "I'm Karen," she announced, using the fake name Anna had helped her devise. She hoped she sounded confident even though her stomach was tying itself into knots. Could she really do this? Walk outside past Wahid, Abdul and Mehran, the men charged with delivering her to her husband-to-be?

"I'm Carla," the blonde answered. "Come on, everyone; let's hurry!" She linked arms with Fila and led the way out the door. They moved so fast, Carla chatting the whole time, all Fila saw of the men who'd brought her here like a lamb to the slaughter was a flash of dark clothing and scowling, impatient faces.

None of them showed the slightest sign of recognition as she walked past within five feet of where they stood.

Cab pulled into the parking lot of the Chance Creek Pet Clinic and climbed out of his cruiser, happy to stretch his legs. Inside, Hannah Ashton sat behind the reception counter, her white-blond hair like a halo around her head, and Bella Chatham, the honey-blond veterinarian, leaned against it. The two women were obviously deep in conversation, but they both looked up when he entered. From the fast-food containers in evidence, they were finishing up a late lunch.

"Hope I'm not interrupting anything," he said, taking off his hat.

"Nothing that won't keep," Bella said. "We're just discussing bison."

"Bison?" That wasn't exactly what he had expected. He glanced around the empty waiting room. "You don't care for cattle, do you?"

"No, that's my brother's specialty. We're just talking about them in the abstract," Bella assured him.

"So that's what you ladies discuss when there aren't any men around? Kind of a letdown."

Hannah laughed, her blue eyes flashing. "It isn't always bison. Sometimes it's antelope."

"Whew, it's getting hot in here." Cab pretended to wipe his brow.

Both women smiled. "What can we help you with, sheriff?" As usual, Bella's hair was tucked high into a ponytail. It swung with her movements.

"Just checking in to make sure everything's all right here. With you and that billionaire husband of yours staying in the Airstream I wondered if you might get any trouble."

Bella shook her head. "I wondered the same, but so far it's been quiet. Over the years I've had problems with kids trying to break into the shelter side of the operation, but that's to get at the pets. I've never had anybody try to break into the trailer. I guess there was never a reason before. It wasn't like I had anything to steal." She shrugged. "It's sort of strange to still live there now with Evan, but we haven't found the right property where we can build our new place."

"I don't mean to rush you," Cab assured her, "but if you spend any of your new money on jewelry, things like that, consider storing them in the vault at the bank, not at home. Major crimes can happen even in small towns like this one."

"Good advice," Bella said. "It's weird being a billionaire all of a sudden."

"Yeah, just think-last month you were only a mere millionaire," Hannah put in.

"Well, a week before that I was broke," Bella countered. "Funny how your life can change in an instant."

"I wish my life would change in an instant," Hannah muttered, then bit her lip as if aware of how catty that sounded. Cab knew she didn't begrudge Bella any of her current good fortune. Hannah had gotten Bella her place on the reality television show, Can You Beat a Billionaire, and when Bella won the show, she got a substantial raise out of the outcome. As far as he could tell Hannah didn't want more money.

She wanted more excitement.

Cab sighed. He knew from his line of work that excitement was rarely a blessing. He hoped when she got what she wanted it wouldn't prove a disappointment.

Or fatal.

Had that been what attracted Grady's victims to him? A desire for something new, something better than the lives they had? He'd managed to charm each of them into getting into his truck and staying there while he drove them to isolated places where he could live out his sick, murderous fantasies.

"Keep me posted if anything happens, okay?" he said to Bella, biting back the words he wanted to say to Hannah: Be grateful your life is as boring as it is. "I still think you and Evan should be the ones renting Carl's house, not me. I'm drowning in all that space."

She shrugged. "You might be right, but we don't want to rent. We want to build a place from scratch, but both of us are so busy we're having a hard time finding the perfect property."

"I'm sure something will come up. See you, ladies."

"That's a lot of wood," Mia Start said, carefully punching the numbers from Rose's invoice into the till. Around them Dundy's hardware store bustled with customers which gave Rose hope her purchase was going unnoticed. At twenty-one, Mia was several years younger than her, but still older than the ridiculous couple from the shop this morning. At least she had a job. Although it remained to be seen if the girl would keep it. Mia seemed awfully distracted. She'd finished scanning all of Rose's purchases, but hadn't bothered to state the total. Instead, she stood gazing off into the distance-at what, Rose had no idea. In fact she wasn't sure if Mia saw anything at all. Her focus seemed internal. As Rose opened her mouth to prompt her, Mia dropped a hand to her flat, trim belly in a classic gesture she recognized at once.

Oh, no. Not this young, single woman. How on earth would Mia deal with a pregnancy?

"Mia?" Rose said gently.

Mia started. "Sorry. I..." She blushed and turned to the register. "That's $87.98."

Mia was practically a child herself. What happened to waiting patiently until you were married and financially stable? Rose caught herself mid-judgment with a twist of her lips. Who was she to judge? Sure, she'd waited patiently to get married and have children, and where had that gotten her?

"What are you building?" Mia said, suddenly brisk. With her waist-length hair pulled into a ponytail on the top of her head, she looked all of fourteen. Rose figured her baby bump would take everyone by surprise when it grew large enough for the rest of the town to notice it.

"Nothing much," Rose said, unwilling to share her plans with anyone, let alone a girl she barely knew. A girl in trouble.

Mia's shoulders slumped a little as she turned back to the till, and Rose felt a twinge of shame. She'd gotten so jaded lately. Always assuming the worst of people. Not trusting any of them.

Well, could you blame her? She saw people daily at their best and at their worst. Half her customers came in to buy jewelry to commemorate the most important days of their lives. The other half came in to hock those same pieces of jewelry when their lives fell apart. Everyone made such elaborate plans and as far as she could tell, they hardly ever panned out.

"It's just a little project I've been meaning to do for a long time," she explained.

"Huh." Mia perked up a little bit. "I've been thinking about some projects."

Rose just bet she had. She bit her lip to hold back the obvious questions. "Anything in particular?"

Mia smiled a secretive smile. "Still figuring it out."

Rose nodded, willing to let the girl keep her secret for now. After all, she had secrets of her own. She opened her purse and paid the bill with cash.

"You can pick up the boards around back." Mia handed her the invoice. "Want me to help you load the rest of this stuff in your truck?"

"Oh, I don't think you should lift anything," Rose said quickly and then winced. Whoops.

Mia's gaze flicked to hers and a blush darkened her cheeks. "What do you mean?"

"I mean... uh... nothing. It's just, I noticed..." She broke off and waved a hand at Mia's belly.

"Shit. How did you know? Is it obvious? I just found out!" Mia hunched over the cash register as if to hide her stomach.

"It's not obvious-you just gave yourself away," Rose said apologetically, lowering her voice to match Mia's tone. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. It's not your fault." Mia's eyes moistened. "I don't know what I'm going to do. When people realize, I'm going to be in deep trouble."

"How far are you along?"

"Barely a month. I took a test the minute I was late."

Rose thought fast. This wasn't the place for confessions, not if Mia wanted to keep her secret for any length of time. "Do you want to meet me later? We could grab dinner and talk." She wasn't sure why she was offering; she barely knew Mia, after all. Still, she had a feeling the girl needed to talk to someone. Maybe it didn't matter that she didn't have much advice to give.

"That would be great," Mia said. "I get off in half an hour. Meet me at the Burger Shack?"

Rose would have preferred DelMonaco's, but Mia couldn't afford that and she really couldn't afford it, either. "Sure. See you there."

Chapter Four

Fila found she couldn't give up her group of female escorts once she'd attached herself to them. She followed Carla dutifully at a vigorous clip through the long airport corridors, outside around a building, and up an elevator to the AirTrain platform. She felt nearly stripped bare in these western clothes. Confused by all the twists and turns, she pressed herself closer to Carla.

"Where are you going?" she asked, raising her voice to carry over the din. Did she sound like an American? She'd spent her first twelve years in this country, but that seemed very, very long ago.

"Penn Station, then to Washington, D.C. How about you?"

"The same. For a start," Fila added when Carla raised her eyebrows at the coincidence. "Then I'm going on to the Midwest."

"Well, follow us. I'll show you where to get your ticket."

Surely Carla and her chatty friends were angels in disguise, Fila thought as they helped her navigate each step of the way to secure her ticket and find the AirTrain platform. The five minutes they had to wait for the train was the longest five minutes of her life. She found herself tapping her feet and bouncing on her toes. When Carla cocked her head at her inability to keep still, Fila shrugged. "Sorry, I'm excited to get going."

"You and me both, although I'd like to stay longer in the city," Carla said. "We're all going to D.C. for a weekend bridal shower getaway. Kayla's getting married in two weeks."

Kayla, hearing her name, turned around and waggled her fingers at Fila. "Don't you love my ring?"

"It's beautiful," Fila assured her as her heart dipped again. She scanned the area for the three men she knew must be looking for her by now. She would have died if they had managed to deliver her to her husband-to-be. She'd seen a photograph of the young man and he looked like a thug. She'd be nothing more to him than a reward for good behavior, for his patience in moving to an infidel country and waiting there to be of service to his brethren back home. Her flesh crawled to think what life with him would be like. What he might do-to her to and to others.

But the day she learned her destiny-to go to the United States and marry this would-be martyr-she knew her prayers had been answered; fate was giving her one chance to finally break free.

She was taking that chance.

It had almost worked.

"Here it comes," Kayla cried and with a whoosh the AirTrain pulled into the station. Fila waited impatiently as the doors opened and passengers began to disembark. Another worried glance around the platform told her she was still safe... No.

Ice water poured through her veins.

There they were; three men, dark-haired, soberly dressed. Their faces serious. Angry.

Intent.

They walked toward her down the platform, peering at each woman in turn. Fila clutched her purse to her chest, turned to her new friends and said, "Should we board?"

"In just a minute," Carla said. They waited for the last passengers to trickle out and Fila forced herself not to look back over her shoulder at the men searching for her. She must not do anything that caught their attention.

I am just an American girl spending time with my American friends, she thought and tried to laugh at something Kayla said.

Finally, Carla took her arm. "Our turn now."

With relief Fila allowed her to tug her into the train car and down the aisle. She slid into the seat Carla indicated and the other girls sat down around her. Fila risked a look out the window, but couldn't see the men anymore. "How long until we leave?"

Another of the girls-Julie, she thought her name was-glanced at her watch. "A couple of minutes, unless there's a delay."

A couple of minutes? She'd never last that long.

"Hey, want to hear something cool?" Carla asked. "I just downloaded this new song..."

Fila didn't hear her next words, for the three men entered the train car and made their way down the center aisle, searching each woman's face. Fila pressed back in her seat and wished she could crawl beneath it.

"Something wrong?" Carla asked her. She held out a set of earbuds and gestured for Fila to take them. Fila accepted the unfamiliar apparatus and tentatively put each end to her ears. She'd seen many passengers use them during her long trip, so she knew what they were meant for. As soon as she held them up to her ears, the noise from the train car receded, replaced by upbeat contemporary music. Fila, cut off from such things for over a decade, didn't recognize the song, but the style and beat reminded her of her youth, her years in the United States before they'd journeyed back to her parents' homeland. Before the shooting that ended her parents' lives.

Before her nightmare began.

When Cab pulled his old black Chevy into the parking lot of the Burger Shack, he promised himself that tomorrow he would treat himself to a home-cooked meal. With vegetables. Potatoes, at least. He was fully capable of cooking for himself-his mother had made sure of that-but he found it lonely work to do much more than slap a marinated piece of meat on the grill when he was the only one eating.

A diet of burgers and fries wasn't going to get him far in life, however, and all too often he found himself in one of the fast food joints these days. He could make the rounds of his friends' houses; Ethan and Autumn, Jamie and Claire, and Rob and Morgan all ate normal meals at home often and always issued him invitations. Still, after the ring fiasco, he figured he'd steer clear of his so-called friends for a few days.

He'd been able to keep a lid on his attraction to Rose up until this point by telling himself she was in love with Jason and always would be. When Rob had slipped the ring on her finger the other day and she'd met his gaze, he'd seen the truth. She was aware of him, not just as a friend, but as something more. She'd reacted to his ring's presence and what it told her. She belonged with him. He'd bet on that.

So where did that leave them? She was engaged to Jason.

Jason had better get a move on, was Cab's opinion, or he couldn't complain if another man stole his girl. Still, he would hold back out of deference to the man's prior claim. For now.

What would Rose want with a county sheriff anyhow? He worked long hours, got decent pay but nothing special. He was a small-town man through and through. Jason was the kind of flashy guy who caught a woman's heart and didn't let go. From what he heard about the North Dakota oil patch, Jason could very well be a rich man in a few years.

Pulling open the door of the Burger Shack, Cab found himself surrounded by conversations, friendly greetings, the smell of burgers and fries and grease wafting through the air. His stomach rumbled with anticipation of the meal to come. Halfway to the counter, however, he stopped short. There was Rose in a window booth, sitting across a small table from Mia Start. Rose was making a point, waving a French fry around for emphasis. Mia watched her with wide eyes. What were they talking about?

Would they like some company?

"Does the father know?" Rose asked Mia. They'd only been at the restaurant for fifteen minutes, but they'd already covered a lot of ground. Mia still lived at home. She worked at the hardware store about thirty hours a week. She'd saved enough money to cover the cost of the birth, but she'd have little left over afterward. She had no idea how she'd pay for child care after the baby was born; her parents were in their fifties, and they both still worked, too.

"Of course," Mia said and dropped her gaze to her lap. "I told him this weekend. He doesn't care."

"Do you want to tell me whose it is?" Rose asked quietly.

Mia shook her head and her high ponytail swished back and forth. "I'm so embarrassed," she said, still not looking up. "He's married."

Rose sat back. "Oh, Mia..."

"He said he was getting a divorce," Mia said. "I believed him. I wouldn't have done it otherwise."

Once again Rose found herself biting back the words she really wanted to say. It was far too late now to warn Mia not to go anywhere near a married man. "You can make him pay support, you know. Go to court and they'll force him to take a paternity test."

Mia wiped her eyes with the back of her shirtsleeve. "No way. If he doesn't want this baby, he doesn't get to come anywhere near it. Besides," she said, her shoulders slumping, "his wife doesn't deserve that. She has no idea any of this happened. They've reconciled and it looks like he's giving his marriage a real go. At least that's what he said when I told him. I was just... I don't know... his midlife crisis, I guess." She hunched miserably over her barely touched meal.

"Midlife?" Rose went to take a bite of her burger but stopped short when she spotted Cab coming their way, his plastic tray laden with food. He caught her eye and smiled, and her stomach did a funny little flip.

"He's kind of older," Mia admitted.

"How much older?" She snapped her gaze back to unhappy girl across the table.

"Forty-two."

Rose dropped the burger. "Eww! Forty-two?"

"Hi Rose, Mia," Cab said, arriving at their table. "Want some company?"

Rose glanced at Mia, who nodded, apparently all too happy for an interruption now that she'd confessed the worst. Rose welcomed it, too. She really didn't know what to tell Mia. Forty-two? That was... ancient.

"Sure, have a seat." She scooted over and Cab sat down next to her, taking up most of the plastic bench. She always felt so tiny next to him. It took strength of will not to tuck herself under his arm and snuggle into his delicious sexiness. Boy, she was one to judge Mia's actions; here she was, still engaged and lusting after another man. She didn't know what it was about Cab. Many of the men in their group were handsome, many of them were accomplished in their own right, but Cab was the only one she truly admired. Maybe it was the nature of his job, or maybe his stature, but in a pinch, Cab was the one she'd want by her side. Right close by her side preferably.

She found his proximity disturbing in this case, however. Muscular, masculine, he practically filled the bench seat, squeezing her into the corner. Cab was another man who was used to being in control, just like Jason. Even if her engagement was already over, even if she was considering dating again, he'd be the wrong choice. How could she possibly assert her individuality with a man so absolutely sure of himself?

"How's Jason doing?" Cab asked with a glance at her ring finger.

Touching the thin silver band, she kept her expression neutral. Trust the sheriff to remind her she had a fiance.

But not for long.

"He's fine. Busy," she said before the silence stretched out too long.

"Have you set a date yet?"

"No," she said shortly. She hoped Cab would drop the subject.

"Do you like North Dakota?" The sheriff bit into his burger.

Did she like North Dakota? What a strange question. "Um... I've hardly been there. Only once or twice."

Cab glanced her way and swallowed. "Shouldn't you spend some time there if that's going to be your new home?"

"New home? What do you mean?" She watched him polish off the burger in another two bites and then unwrap the second. She glanced down at her own burger, only half-eaten. She was practically full. When she looked up she found Mia watching her, her face alight with interest.

"Jason's an oilman, right? I just assumed the two of you would settle where the oil was," Cab said.

"Oh. Right. Well, we haven't made our minds up." In fact, we never discussed that possibility. Although... Rose realized Jason had tried to discuss it once or twice, early on. "You'd love it over here, Rosie-there's so much action. It's wild on the weekends," and "The price of houses is rising fast. Anyone who wants in better buy up now."

She'd always brushed him off. After all, they planned to live in Chance Creek, didn't they? That's what she wanted. It's what Emory wanted for them, too.

Was that what had caused Jason to go sour on her? Had he thought she'd aligned herself with Emory against him? It wasn't the case; she simply loved Chance Creek and had no desire to move away. This was her home. The inspiration for all her paintings. This was where she wanted to raise her family.

But Cab was right-Jason probably didn't want to come back. Why would he want to leave North Dakota? He loved making money and he loved the work. Jason thrived in the heady mix of testosterone, sweat and danger. What would he do in Chance Creek?

Sell jewelry?

Suddenly all the missing pieces clicked into place. Jason had avoided her for the same reason he avoided his father. She must seem just as controlling, just as likely to hold him back with all her talk of settling down here, buying a house and putting down roots. Did he think she wanted him to take over his father's store?

"Rose?" Cab prompted.

"What?"

"I asked how your work is going."

"Fine," she said faintly, as the realization overtook her. Jason didn't want to marry her any more than she wanted to marry him. He'd been using his actions to show her that for months. She didn't have to worry about breaking his heart. All that was left was to return his ring.

Cab held the door for Rose and Mia, then hesitated as the women said their good-byes.

"Could we have dinner again soon?" Mia asked Rose.

"Sure-how's Friday?" Rose said. "Same time, same place?"

"Sounds good. Bye, Cab!" Mia headed for her ancient Chevy Impala, and Rose turned to him.

"Thanks for joining us," she said, putting her hand out.

Cab took it, shook, and tried not to hold on for an extra moment. Her hand was so small, his big one swallowed it up. It was soft, too. Womanly.

He let go. "Thanks for having me," he said. "Must get lonely sometimes with Jason gone so much."

She smiled a little, but it wasn't a happy smile. Trouble in paradise? His earlier question about North Dakota seemed to throw her off.

"Yeah, well. You have to do what you have to do, right? I keep busy."

"Walk you to your car?"

She glanced up at him and his heartbeat sped up. Did she know he was hitting on her? He was trying not to, but somehow he couldn't stop himself. Jason was a damn fool to leave her alone so long.

"Sure. It's over here." They walked through the shadows of the parking lot to Rose's truck. He couldn't help noticing the pile of lumber in the back.

"What are you building?" he said, peeking over the side.

"Just fixing something at the carriage house," she said and bit her lip. Cab narrowed his eyes. That was a tell if he ever saw one. Most people had a tell; a little quirk that broadcast they were lying. Why would Rose lie about a building project?

"Oh, yeah? A big project?" he pressed.

"Medium-sized."

She wasn't going to give up anything, was she? Rose didn't seem the type to get into trouble, but you never knew with women. Men he could usually peg pretty quickly. Women?

Absolutely inscrutable.

They didn't make logical decisions for one thing. Men put two and two together and got four. They bought exactly the right tools to get the job done and they did what was necessary and then stopped. Women, on the other hand, put two and two together and came up with a reason to buy two hundred Hummel angels and store them in a fancy cabinet for the next fifty years. They got in stranger's cars and ended up dead.

Rose might be lying because she planned to build a catapult. Or she might simply lie because she didn't want his interference. Women were like that, too.

"Got all the tools you need? I've got a bunch kicking around if you need to borrow any."

"Thanks, but I think I'm all set." She fumbled in her purse for her keys. "Good to see you again, Cab. Good night."

He thought about her driving home alone, parking in the carriage house driveway, walking up the front steps and inserting her key in the lock. There was shrubbery around her front door. Anyone could hide in it.

"Was there something else?" Rose asked when he didn't walk away.

"What? No... nothing. Good night, Rose."

He forced himself to walk nonchalantly back to his vehicle, and when Rose pulled out of the parking lot he hung back to let another car pass before he followed. He kept his distance, slowing down to a crawl when she turned in to her place. Pulling off the road several houses down he watched her exit her truck, walk up the steps and let herself inside. Only when her lights came on did he pull out, execute a U-turn and head on home.

He didn't park the car, sneak up to the house and check the door handle to make sure she'd locked it.

But he wanted to.

Chapter Five

At twelve, Fila had been a typical American kid and was well aware her mother never wanted to set foot in Afghanistan again. Like her father, her mother had moved from Kabul to the United States in her twenties. The daughter of a government official, she'd been raised more liberally than most, and as soon as she reached the States she'd thrown off all vestiges of her homeland's restrictive traditions. Fila, born and raised in Connecticut, was aware of her heritage, but not concerned with it. All that changed when her great-grandmother died and her father insisted they travel to Afghanistan to pay their respects. Both her mother and father had lost their parents in the past decade. Fila assumed he craved a connection to what was left of his family.

"We have to go, just for a week," he said over and over again to her mother, and in the end her mother had given in. She spent the remainder of their time in the United States alternately packing and cramming Fila's head with every memory she had of how restrictive Afghanistan was to its women, the expectations her relatives would have for her, and how much she regretted ever having to bring Fila there.

"I'd leave you here if I could," she said, "but your father insists."

"It's okay," Fila said. She was excited about the plane ride and their exotic destination despite her mother's stories.

As soon as they boarded the plane, however, she wished she had stayed home. They were split apart, Fila and her mother in one row, her father in a different one, and all Fila's mother's fears sprung to the surface. She spent every minute of their time in the air telling Fila more stories-horrible ones about public floggings, death by stoning, wife-beating, child marriage, until Fila thought she'd never sleep again.

"If anything happens to us while we're there," her mother said, taking her hand and gripping it tight, "if anything happens to your father and me, promise me you'll do anything you can to get home. Get to the embassy, kick up a fuss, do whatever it takes."

Fila, terrified now, promised her she would. By the time they reached Kabul she'd been consumed by fear, exhausted with the effort to calm her mother, and sure they all faced certain death.

For the first few days, however, all went well. They were welcomed by dozens of relatives with tears and laughter. Fila understood almost nothing that was said, having never learned Pashto. She understood her relatives' smiles, though, and their hugs and glad exclamations. Surely there was nothing to fear.

Two days later, however, her grandmother's funeral procession was attacked by armed gunmen and her parents were among the victims. Snatched from the chaos by Taliban radicals, the next few weeks were so terrifying Fila couldn't bring herself to remember them. In the end her captors claimed they were also her relatives, and brought her to their home in a nearly inaccessible mountain village. They tried to beat out of her every American habit she held in a kind of Taliban experiment: could they transform an infidel into a proper Afghani woman?

After a decade, their methods worked to the extent that Fila blended in with every other blue-veiled woman in the village. She spoke Pashto fluently and cooked, cleaned and sewed like all the rest of them. But she remembered America, she remembered friends and pop music and iPods and all the rest of it. So now-surrounded by noisy American passengers-she could process the cues she saw around her in the AirTrain.

As her guards approached down the center aisle and looked at each seated woman in turn, she knew what happened next hinged on her ability to channel her American youth into the present moment.

She listened to Carla's music and watched the approaching men out of the corner of her eye. Catching the beat, she began to nod her head.

"You like it, don't you?" Carla said. Her voice was dim beyond the music flowing from the earbuds, but Fila caught her meaning.

"Yes, very much," she said with a wide grin. She allowed the beat to take hold of her and she nodded her head with a more exaggerated motion. She recalled watching music videos as a girl, dancing with her American friends and trying to copy the moves of her onscreen idols. She snapped her fingers along to the beat, and shimmied her shoulders a little.

"It's terrific, isn't it?" Carla asked.

That's when Wahid leaned over their seats and caught her eye.

Fila didn't skip a beat. The chorus came on and she started to sing along, pitching her voice much louder than the submissive murmur she'd adopted back in the village. Carla, laughing, joined in and together they sang, bobbed, and shimmied to the music. Wahid's gaze slid along the seats.

Ten seconds later he was gone.

Fila fought back the nausea that swept over her in waves. Saved by music. Saved by laughter.

She was home.

The one flaw in Rose's plan was a lack of electricity. She needed somewhere to plug in her power saw and Carl Whitfield's woods didn't come with an outlet. She couldn't work at Emory's place, either, for obvious reasons, so she took a chance and headed for the Cruz ranch, phoning Autumn from her truck. As she'd expected, Autumn welcomed her right over, and when she pulled up in front of the Big House, she met her on the front porch.

"Tell me about this project of yours," Autumn said, craning her neck to see the lumber in the back of Rose's truck.

"It's a secret. It's really important you don't tell anyone else."

"A secret, huh? Sounds exciting."

"It is," Rose confessed. "I need a place to paint, somewhere accessible only to me. I've thought it through and decided to build it from scratch."

Autumn raised her eyebrows. "Why don't you paint at home? I thought you had a studio in the carriage house."

"It's a long story, and it probably wouldn't make sense if I told you," Rose said, knowing you had to live with Emory to understand what he was capable of. "I appreciate you letting me cut some boards here."

"Where will you build the studio?"

Rose bit her lip and shook her head.

Autumn's eyes widened. "I wouldn't tell anyone."

"Really? Not even Ethan?"

Autumn had the grace to look abashed. "I guess you're right, you'd better not tell me. Is it somewhere safe?"

Rose thought of Cab ensconced in Carl's house right next to the woods. "Yes, I think so."

"Okay, but you know how this town is. It won't stay secret for long."

Autumn was probably right, but she hoped it would stay secret for a few months, long enough for her to reconfigure her life. By then she'd have a new plan and maybe she wouldn't need to be secretive anymore.

"I don't know why you aren't in art school, anyway," Autumn said. "And why aren't you exhibiting the work you've already done? You could definitely sell more paintings. I love the one of yours we have in the living room."

Rose liked it, too. It was one of her best; a fall landscape, all oranges and browns, with a herd of cattle in the distance.

"You're the only one who wonders that," Rose told her. "My parents think it's a waste of money and Jason thinks it's downright ridiculous."

Autumn pressed her lips together. "Your family should support your dream, but if they don't you have to support it on your own."

"I guess that's what I'm trying to do. I don't have the money for art school, but I do have enough to build a cabin art studio. At least I'll get to paint in peace."

"That's a good first step. You'd better build fast, though. It's going to snow any day now."

"I'll get started right now," Rose said. She hugged Autumn. "Thanks-you have no idea how much this means to me."

"Just invite me over someday when you get sick of being alone," Autumn said. "Sometimes I need to get away, too."

"I will," Rose said. "First, I need to cut a bunch of boards. Do you have an outside power outlet? I have a battery operated drill, but my saw needs power."

"No problem," Autumn said. "Why don't you come inside for a minute first, though, and I'll make you a cup of cocoa. That will keep you warm while you work." She led the way inside the house. When they entered the great room, however, Rose wished she'd stayed outside. She'd mistakenly thought no one would be around at this time in the day, but Ethan, Jamie, Rob and Cab had just entered through the back door, and were taking seats around the dining room table. Her heart zinged when she saw Cab, but then it sank. Four men to get interested in her project. Four men to try to supervise her and tell her what to do.

Was there any such thing as a battery operated power saw? If only she could hide in the woods while she built her tiny cabin.

Rose hesitated in the entryway, but didn't see how she could escape notice. Sure enough, Autumn said to Ethan, "Rose is going to saw up some boards outside after we have a cup of cocoa. You don't mind, do you?"

"Fire away," Ethan said affably. "I'll come and help you set up."

"That's all right, I don't need any help," Rose said, following Autumn into the kitchen.

"It's no trouble at all."

Rose clamped her mouth shut to block the words fighting to pour out. She didn't want help. She wanted the space to do something on her own, for once. Her way. Was that so hard to understand?

"What are you building?" Cab asked.

She noticed the glances the others shot her way. She didn't want to answer the question. In fact, she was beginning to think coming here at all was a huge mistake. "A kind of shed," she said finally, shooting a frown toward Autumn.

Autumn's brows went up at the lie, but she didn't say anything. Instead, she went behind the kitchen counter and got to work on the cocoa.

"What kind of shed?" Cab asked.

"A shed shed."

"Ah." Cab didn't press her further, but she could tell he was thinking hard. In fact, a second later, he drew a pencil and small pad of paper out of his shirt pocket and started sketching. "What size were you thinking?" he asked. "Eight by ten?"

Her fingers spasmed but she stopped herself before they formed fists. Was he going to draw her a blueprint?

"Not quite so big," she said. "But I've already got plans."

He didn't even glance up. "I'd put a window here," he said, sketching rapidly. "South facing, to get a lot of light. You'll lose some storage space, but it'll make the building far more usable."

"I already have plans," she repeated.

Rob bent over Cab's drawing. "You'll want some shelves there for your smaller tools. Maybe a pegboard, too," he said, pointing. "Are you going to run water to the place, Rosie? Like for a potting shed?"

A familiar paralysis stole over Rose. This was just the way she felt when Emory barged in and started cleaning the carriage house. This was her cabin they were talking about-her getaway place-so why were Cab and Rob designing it? And why couldn't she stop them?

Because she couldn't do so without being rude-without hurting their feelings. And she always put men's feelings ahead of hers. She couldn't stop Emory, couldn't break the lease on the carriage house, couldn't tell Jason she wanted to go to art school... couldn't split up with him.

The truth of the matter hit her like a two-by-four to her forehead; she lived her whole life in fear of stepping on anyone's toes. But the more she pulled herself back and tried to make everyone happy, the closer they all crowded in and until she had no space for herself.

Hence the need for a cabin in the first place.

The cabin now being overtaken by the men.

"I've got to go get started," she squeaked and fled the room. As she shrugged on her jacket and boots she was aware of the silence she'd left behind her. She bolted out the front door and over to her truck where she briefly considered hopping in and driving away.

No. She needed that cabin and once it was built everyone would leave her alone. She only had to put up with a little more interference while she cut the boards. As long as she stuck to her guns, she'd get what she wanted.

By the time the door opened behind her, she'd hauled her circular saw out of the truck bed, along with some lumber. She had a sheet of paper that listed all the lengths she needed to cut. She'd planned everything down to the last board. Hopefully once she was finished here she wouldn't have to come back.

"Are you okay?" Cab asked, coming up behind her as she set up her newly-purchased sawhorses near the Big House's outside plug.

"Sure," she said.

"You left a little abruptly."

He wasn't going to let it go, was he? She turned around. "Look, it's nice that you guys want to help, but I want to do this alone. That's the whole point." Cab was silent, but his gaze was on the sawhorses. "What?"

"The cord of that saw isn't going to reach the outlet. Ethan's got an extension cord. Want me to get it? He's got a table saw, too. It'll do a better job for you than that one."

Rose counted to five. He's only trying to help, she told herself. "Why?"

"With a table saw you can line up the cut and you have something to guide the wood against. That circular saw requires you to cut freehand. You probably won't make the cuts as straight as you'd like."

Really? She hadn't known that.

"It'll only take me a minute to get them," Cab said.

"Okay," she said and knew she'd been beaten again.

Cab walked to Ethan's workshop with a light step. He'd worried for a minute there he'd gotten on Rose's nerves with his attempt to design the shed, but now that he'd prevented her from using the wrong saw things were back on track. He'd show her his design a little later, when she realized how much he knew about woodworking. He was glad he had the afternoon off. He couldn't think of a better way to spend it than doing a project with Rose.

Building a shed together. It wasn't quite the same as building a house, but it was similar. Maybe she'd come to see he was a better partner for her than Jason...

Whoa, time to pull back on that train of thought. He wasn't trying to undermine Jason. He was only being a good friend. A friend who was somewhat concerned about the idea Rose was building a shed at all. He wondered exactly where she planned to put it. If she was building on Emory's lot, that meant she expected to stay there a long time. Which meant she had no plans to leave Jason.

Ten minutes later, he set up the table saw, plugged it into the extension cord and turned to Rose. "Okay, what's first?"

She frowned. "I've got it from here, thanks."

"Just hand me a board and tell me the dimensions you need. I'll make the cuts for you." He held out his hand.

"No," she said, sounding annoyed. "I'll do it." She pulled a piece of notepaper out of her pocket, consulted it, put it back and grabbed a two-by-four out of the pile. Cab stepped back as she approached the saw.

"Do you know how it works?" he said, coming up behind her once he'd avoided getting clipped by the board.

"I can figure it out."

"You'd better mark your cut first. Here's a tape measure." He pulled it out of his coat pocket. Lucky he'd thought to grab it from Ethan's workroom.

"I've got one." She produced a much smaller tape measure from her own pocket. She put the board on the ground, knelt down beside it and made the measurement.

"Remember the saw blade actually takes off a little of the wood as it cuts. You want to set the blade to the side of the mark," he said.

Rose dropped the tape measure and pencil and stood up. "I know how to measure and cut a board."

Cab straightened from where he'd been bent over her to watch. "Well, sure, but..."

"But what?" She faced him straight on.

Was she mad at him? What did he do? "The measurements can get thrown off by the way you cut," he explained.

She didn't say anything.

"I don't mind looking over your design," he offered, uneasy at her silence. "I've got some experience with this kind of thing and I can point out your mistakes." A funny look came into her eyes and Cab had the feeling he should probably stop, but he just wanted to get this next bit out. "And it doesn't seem like you've thought about your foundation at all. That's probably the most important part. Did you think about a foundation?"

"Get out," Rose said.

"What?"

"Get. Out. Of. Here." She glared at him. "I mean it. Get out!"

Ethan, Jamie and Rob came around the side of the house, drawn by her shout. "Is everything okay here?" Ethan asked. "Cab, what's going on?"

"For God's sake, would you all just leave me alone?" Rose stuck her hands on her hips. The four men stared at her.

"I'm not sure," Cab answered Ethan. "I was helping her..."

"I don't want any help!" Rose cried. "I mean..." She visibly fought for control. "Thank you, Cab, very much, but please-I'd like to do this on my own."

"Is that my saw?" Ethan asked, coming closer. Jamie and Rob faded back around the side of the house.

Rose flashed a desperate look at Cab.

"I told her she could use it," Cab hastened to say.

"That's fine," Ethan assured him. "Rose, let me just show you a few things." He came around and picked up the two-by-four Rose had marked minutes before. He turned on the saw and positioned the board. "You hold it like this," he said in a voice loud enough to be heard over the din of the motor. "Guide the wood but don't push it, otherwise you'll burn out the blade."

Cab stood by, burning with impatience as Ethan showed Rose everything he'd wanted to tell her. Why had she flown at him like that? And why wasn't she doing the same to Ethan? Judging by the look on her face she'd like to, although she was keeping her thoughts tightly under wraps now. When he was done with the first one, Ethan went on to cut more boards, and although Rose pressed her lips into a thin line so hard the skin around them went white, she didn't say a word. When she wasn't marking the measurements on the boards, or handing them silently to Ethan to cut, she kept balling her fingers into fists. Delicate fists.

Almost small enough to be a child's, Cab thought affectionately. A memory intruded on his consciousness. He was standing near his father in the garage workshop in his childhood home. They were building a birdhouse and Cab longed to work the bandsaw to cut out the circular door.

"I'll cut and you watch," his father said, like he always did. Cab had squirmed with impatience but bit back his protest, just like Rose was doing now.

Understanding flooded him. "Hey, Ethan," he said, straightening up. "Ethan, buddy-give Rose a turn."

She glanced up, startled. So did Ethan.

"I'm just showing her..."

"I think she's got it now. Rose, you want us to leave you to it?"

She nodded vigorously, and he thought for an awful second she actually might cry with relief. "Thanks," she said.

"Okay," Ethan said reluctantly. "I'll be nearby if you want some help."

"Terrific," she said. Cab noticed she waited until they'd retreated around the corner before she got the saw running.

"What did you do that for?" Ethan asked as they headed toward the barn. "I wanted to help."

"So did I," Cab said heavily.

Rose got all the wood cut, but the afternoon wasn't nearly as fun as she had hoped because she felt like she was being watched the entire time. Ethan and Cab kept their distance near the corrals or in the house or barn, but she saw them glancing her way from time to time and more than once seemed prepared to come and see how she was doing. She refused to catch either one's eye, however, and turned her back on them whenever she could. Still, she messed up more than one cut because of nerves.

What was it with men that they needed to control everything? It was one thing to help; it was another thing altogether to remove the tools from her hands and do it for her. At least Cab seemed to get it in the end, although she was sure he wouldn't have hung around the ranch this long if he wasn't hoping she'd ask for his help again.

Well, she wouldn't ask for his help. She didn't need it. She was perfectly capable of sawing lumber and anything else she needed to do.

Autumn brought her a steaming hot cup of cocoa just as she was finishing up. "I figured you could use this by now."

"You figured right," Rose said, cupping her hands around its warmth.

"I heard some yelling out here earlier."

"I swear they would build the whole thing if I let them," Rose said disgustedly.

"I'm sure they would," Autumn said with a smile. "Especially Cab. I think he's sweet on you."

Rose kept silent, all too aware of Jason's ring on her finger, and the reasons she couldn't date anyone else. Even someone as handsome as Cab. Now that she was done with her work and had recovered her sense of humor, she could admit that she'd like to spend time with him, but not while she was building her cabin. That was private. "I got them to back off finally."

"Good for you," Autumn said.

"I guess I'm going to head out now and do a little work on site."

"Want me to come along? You can watch while I assemble your shed."

Rose stared at her until she caught Autumn's mischievous grin. "Stop it! You're worse than they are!"

"Don't worry," Autumn said, laughing. "You definitely won't see me out there poking my nose into your business. I like it here in my warm house just fine." She patted her belly with the same gesture Rose had seen Mia make at the hardware store the other day.

"How's the baby?" she asked.

"Strong as a horse. I can't wait until it's born."

"Come spring your life will be really different," Rose told her.

Autumn met her gaze. "How about you? Seems like you might be making some changes, too."

Rose nodded, but didn't say anything more, even though it was hard to keep secrets from Autumn. "Thanks for letting me come and cut the wood."

"Any time."

A half hour later, with Ethan's tools put away and everything else loaded back into her truck, Rose made sure neither Cab nor Ethan was visible before she drove away from the Cruz ranch. She didn't want the sheriff to see where she was going next. Picking Carl's woods had both advantages and disadvantages. They were relatively close to town and to where her friends lived. Plus, there was a tap in Carl's huge garden not far from the edge of the woods. Most of the time she'd haul her own supply in, but she figured in a pinch she could sneak in and grab water from it if Cab wasn't at home. On her reconnaissance the other night, she'd even discovered a place she could pull into the woods and hide her truck among a thick clump of pines. From there she'd need to carry everything deep into the forest where it was safe to build, but at least her vehicle couldn't be spotted from the road.

She reached the woods without incident and made sure no one was coming as she pulled off the country road in between the trees. She spent an hour scouting the woods until she found a building site. As she hauled the two-by-fours in a few at a time, she thought about what Cab had said. Contrary to his belief, she had thought about a foundation. She doubted he could have come up with anything suitable, no matter how much experience he might have in construction; she wasn't building a cabin on the ground-hers would be high in the air.

Rose had always wanted a tree house of her own. Now she was going to get one.

Just six feet by six feet, the tree house would hold a bench seat, a desk and two windows. Shelves for her painting supplies. A door. That was it. She wouldn't damage Carl's property. He'd never know she'd been there.

Her plan was flawless.

She uncovered a bundle she'd kept wrapped in a tarp in the bed of the truck while she was at the Cruz ranch. She'd completed this little project at the abandoned Sutter place on the south side of town. Since she didn't want to harm even a twig on Carl's property in case she got caught and had to answer for what she'd done, she'd taken four long four by four posts and stuck one end of each into metal buckets filled with cement mix. After leaving them there to harden overnight, she'd picked them up first thing this morning. It had been a bear to lift them into the truck and would be a bear to move them to the building site, so she positioned an old radio flyer wagon she'd found in Emory's shed under the tailgate and shifted one post at a time until it fell off the end and landed in the wagon. With the plain end resting on her shoulder and the cement end in the wagon, she could just pull them one by one to her building spot, with a fair bit of cussing and complaining. She measured off the correct distances, poked sticks into the dirt at each corner and set about the task of digging holes for her posts.

Again she underestimated the time it would take. She'd only set two posts in place when she checked her watch and saw that it was after three. By four-fifteen, the four posts were in place and she'd fastened the cross-pieces to them designed to hold up the floor. She was tired, dirty, and more than a little frustrated, but she was elated, too. Her hideaway was taking shape.

Still, she needed to get out of here before Cab came home. There was a chance he'd stay to dinner at the Cruz ranch, but if not, he'd head back this way soon. Checking her watch again, she hustled to pile up the remaining boards and supplies into a heap, cover them with the green tarp and pile evergreen branches on top. She couldn't do anything about the four pale four-by-four posts sticking out of the ground, however. It was too late to paint them so that they blended into the surrounding fir trees. All she could hope was that no one decided to take a walk through these woods tonight.

She looked at her watch again and swore; she'd meant to be long gone by now. Doing one last sweep to make sure she hadn't forgotten anything, she hurried to the edge of the woods where she'd stored the truck. All was quiet on the country road when she reached it, so she climbed in, got it started and pulled quickly out of her hiding place. She reached the asphalt safely, and passed Carl's place, her heart slowing down as she breathed a sigh of relief, but just as she accelerated to head back toward town, Cab's truck pulled around a bend in the road.

Damn. Could she drive on by without him noticing her? She didn't have a good reason to be out this way. She hunched in her seat and hoped like heck he'd be too preoccupied with his own thoughts to even look at her, but no-his truck slowed as it approached, he rolled the window down and stuck out his hand to wave.

There was nothing for it but to do the same. They came to a stop in the middle of the road and Cab eyed her curiously.

"Hey, Rose. Long time, no see! What are you up to way out here?" This was Cab in sheriff mode, his voice friendly but his question probing. Rose could trace his line of thought. Back at the Cruz ranch she'd said she was cutting lumber to build a shed at home. Now she was coming from the wrong direction entirely. Even if she'd been at home and was returning to visit Autumn again, she'd have been coming the from the other way-and she'd have missed her turnoff already.

There was no good reason for her to be where she was.

If he'd simply said hello, or asked where she was going, or even came right out and asked if she'd been trespassing on Carl's land, she could have told a white lie and gotten away with it. Something about his tone when he asked what she'd been up to told her he wouldn't be fooled by a white lie, however. He was about to catch her and she was about to lose her hideaway.

She needed that hideaway. Desperately.

Summoning all her strength of will, she looked him right in the eye.

"I came to see you."

Cab set out two plates of macaroni and cheese and kicked himself again for not having something else to offer Rose. The steaks in his freezer would have taken too long to defrost, and that was pretty much the extent of the food he had on hand. They sat in Carl's kitchen, a restaurant-level facility that always made him feel like he was playing at cooking instead of really doing it. A solid oak table and chairs sat at one end of the room. It was better than eating in Carl's formal dining room, but only a little. Rose didn't seem to notice her surroundings, or that the meal he set in front of her was singularly lacking in anything green. She picked up her fork and toyed with it.

"I'm not sure I'm the best person to give you advice," he said cautiously. He still couldn't believe Rose had driven out to his place to ask for it, especially after the cold shoulder she'd given him earlier. He hoped it was a sign she wanted to patch things up. Maybe she was more interested in him than he'd thought. His gaze fell on her left hand and he took in the ring still on her finger. Jason was still in the picture. On the outskirts, yes, but definitely in the picture. Until that ring came off, he had to be a gentleman. He took a seat across from her.

"It's not for me," she said. "It's for a friend."

A friend. Of course. "Shoot."

"If you were a man and you'd been with a woman," she began, blushing faintly, "and she got pregnant..."

Cab, who had so far enjoyed where this question was going, sat back in his seat. Pregnant? Was she pregnant?

"...but you were married to another woman and you didn't want her to know about the baby, what would you do?"

Cab blinked. Okay, Jason wasn't married to another woman. As far as he knew. "Well..." Hell, what would he do?

"What I mean is..." Rose sighed in frustration. "Obviously this guy doesn't want to claim paternity, and the girl who's pregnant thinks that's for the best. She doesn't like him anymore since he's being such an ass. But what about the baby?"

He raised his eyebrows, experiencing the distinct sensation of being swallowed by quicksand. "The baby?"

"Shouldn't the baby figure in all of this? I mean, she could let the guy off the hook and not tell anyone that he's the father, but that means the baby will be raised nearly in poverty. Shouldn't the guy be held accountable?"

Well, shit. She really did want advice for a friend, didn't she? He'd hoped that was just an excuse to come and see him. Although maybe it was. She'd never come to him for advice before. Was this some kind of round-about apology for being short with him earlier today and for leaving the Cruz ranch without even saying good-bye? If it was, he'd take it. He wanted Rose to feel like she could talk to him. Whether or not they ever had the chance to take things further-which they wouldn't unless she removed that ring from her finger-he wanted to be her friend. A good one.

"Here's the thing," he said. "I'd never back away from my responsibility as a father. When I marry a woman-and I will marry the woman I have children with-I'll stay married for good. However many kids I have, I'll support them. That doesn't just mean I'll pay for their upkeep. I'll be there for them, too. Any man who doesn't step up the same way doesn't deserve to be a father."

She stared at him. "You mean that, don't you?" she said softly.

"Of course I do. Life isn't all that complicated. People make it complicated. They overwhelm themselves with options. For me, when it comes to kids and responsibility, there is only one option."

She held his gaze for a long moment, a funny look on her face. If he didn't know better, he'd swear she was a little turned on by what he'd just said.

Interesting.

"Okay," she said. "But what about my friend? Should she force the issue? She can take him to court and make him take a paternity test."

"Do the benefits outweigh the cost of having that kind of jerk in her life? Because once she forces him to pay child support he'll think he has every right to tell her how to raise her kid. He could even try to get custody and force her to pay child support to him."

Rose's eyes went wide. "He could do that?"

"He probably wouldn't win," Cab said. "But he sure as hell can try. Sounds like he can outspend her on lawyer's fees."

Rose nodded.

"Maybe you'd better let your friend decide what's best for her," he said gently. "Eat your supper, it's getting cold."

She looked down at her plate. Picked up another bite of mac and cheese with a sigh. "Thanks," she said when she'd swallowed. "For everything."

"Next time let's go to DelMonaco's," he said, finishing the food on his plate. "What about the rest of your life? Everything okay?" She looked up at him sharply, so he added, "What about work?" That was a safe enough topic. He wanted to keep her talking about herself. He wanted to know more about what made Rose tick.

She made a face. "I need a new job."

"Really? I thought you were pretty good at the one you have. I've heard you can tell from the ring if a couple is meant to be together." He reached across the table and touched her engagement ring.

She tried to pull her hand away. "That's a whole other can of worms," she said.

He held onto it, touching her ring again. "What about this one? What does it tell you?"

Her shoulders slumped and the fight went out of her. "Nothing," she said in a quiet voice. "Not a damn thing. It never did. I didn't even know I could tell people's futures from their rings until I started working for Emory. When Jason gave me this one I didn't get a twinge! We're over, Cab. I'm going to leave him."

"Really?" He had to fight back a smile, jerk that he was. Forcing his face into concerned lines, he took Rose's hand and squeezed it. He hadn't seen that one coming. Maybe that explained why Rose had driven out this way. Maybe she wasn't ready to tell her closer friends but needed someone to talk to nevertheless.

"You're the only one I've said that to," she said, echoing his thoughts. "I haven't even talked to Jason about it. I don't know what I'm going to say." Her eyes filled with tears and he stood up and rounded the table to get to her side. Instinct had him gently pulling her into a hug, and she came willingly, resting her head against his chest for a minute. Cab relished the feel of her in his arms. He knew she only wanted comfort from him, but he'd take what he could get. Maybe one day soon she'd be ready for more. When she pulled back a few minutes later, he tried to bring things back to normal.

"Sit. Finish your dinner." He nodded toward the remains of her food.

"I think I am finished." But she took her seat again. He made his way back to his, wishing he could stick closer to Rose, but he refused to take advantage of the situation. She needed to tie things off with Jason before he asked her out. He frowned in concentration. He didn't want to back off too far, either, or Jason might find a way to recapture Rose's heart.

He couldn't let this visit of hers be a one-off thing. He needed to make a plan with Rose to do something neutral, but fun. Something that couldn't be construed as a date, but would throw them together again. Helping her build her shed was the obvious choice, but he had the feeling she'd refuse as vehemently as she'd done earlier today. He needed to think of something else.

The solution hit him as Rose picked up her plate to carry it to the sink.

"You need to learn to shoot."

"I beg your pardon?" She looked at him askance. Cab scrambled to find an explanation that would convince her.

"You have trouble being assertive. Lots of women do. When Ethan took over sawing the wood for you today, it made you mad but you didn't do anything about it." She opened her mouth and he knew she was about to point out that he'd tried to do the same thing, so he barreled on. "When we give presentations on safety to women, we tell them they need to learn skills that increase their confidence. If you're assertive, people won't bully you."

"What kind of skills?"

"Karate is a good example, but I don't teach karate. I do train people to shoot firearms, though, and that skill often gives people confidence, too. Especially women, who tend to be afraid of guns. Have you ever fired a shotgun?"

"No."

"Pistol? Anything?"

She shook her head and he felt a surge of satisfaction.

"How about I take you out on Saturday morning? Just for an hour. That'll leave you plenty of time to work on your shed or whatever other projects you have. What do you say?" He waited for her reaction impatiently.

"Okay," she said slowly. "I think you're right. I do need to learn to be assertive." She scraped her plate into the trash. "But now I guess I'd better help you clean up and get going."

"It's early," he said with a glance at his watch. "I'm not in a big hurry to call it a night. Want to catch a movie on television?"

He regretted the offer the moment he made it. He'd meant to play it cool. He didn't want to rush her. Now she'd turn him down and he'd lose all the ground he'd gained with her tonight.

"Okay," she said.

She'd watched this movie with Cab for nearly an hour, and she had no idea what it was about. The minute she'd followed him into the living room, her nerves had set alight. The tears she'd shed earlier seemed to have washed Jason clean from her system and left her feeling lighter. Freer. Like a heavy weight had been lifted from her chest. It felt good to admit out loud that she and Jason were over, although she wished the actual breakup was out of the way already. At least her tree house was underway. Now she needed to find an apartment. And a job. Without using Emory as a reference.

Cab shifted, distracting her. He was so close. Too close. She had sat at one end of the couch and expected Cab to take the other end, but to her surprise he sat down right beside her. And since he was probably a hundred pounds heavier than her, he put a significant dent in the cushion that left her sitting on an incline. As much as she tried to hold her ground she kept sliding toward him.

He shifted again and she slid some more until their thighs touched. Rose held her breath, aware of the man beside her in a way she wasn't sure she'd ever been with Jason. His long legs, encased in faded jeans, played havoc with her nervous system. Everything about Cab was masculine and it made her want to melt against him. In the early days she must have felt something similar for Jason. Now when she thought of him she didn't feel a thing.

She felt something for Cab, though. Touch me, she thought at him. Go on. Touch me.

He shifted a third time and she found her cheek nearly pressed against his arm.

"Hello," he said, looking down at her and chuckling, his voice a low rumble.

"I'm not trying to make a move on you. I just keep sliding," she said.

"Well, come here, then," he said, and she shivered in anticipation. What did he have in mind? He lifted his arm and wrapped it around her shoulders, pulling her even closer. "Comfy?"

His voice, a sexy murmur, shot right through her. "Um... yeah," she said. She was comfy. She could hear Cab's heartbeat where she leaned against him. Slow and steady. Strong. She let out her breath in an uneven sigh. She wasn't sure what they were doing here. She might not be making a move, but it sure seemed like Cab was.

She wished he would. Kiss me.

He brushed his fingers down her arm and laced them between hers, and for one heart stopping second she thought he would bend down and kiss her. Instead, he sighed, tugged her ring gently and let go of her hand.

Disappointment flooded her. She wanted to yank her ring off right now, but that wouldn't be enough. Cab was right; she needed to end her relationship with Jason before she could start a new one. At least he didn't remove his arm from around her shoulders. She'd take what she could get for now. She settled in to watch the movie, but every minute next to him was delicious agony. If he wouldn't touch her, she wanted to touch him. She struggled not to rest her hand on his knee and feel the muscles beneath his jeans. She wanted to slide her palm up his thigh. She wanted to tilt her head back and kiss him. Once in a while he moved his hand over her arm in a light caress and she had to bite back a moan.

An hour later she walked with Cab to her truck, dizzy with longing for him. Despite her best intentions her thoughts had been full of images of them together. Cab stroking her, suckling her breasts, pushing her legs apart. She was thankful for the darkness as he opened the door for her, but as she moved to get in, he took her hand and for one moment Rose thought he'd pull her close and give her a kiss.

She leaned toward him, all too ready.

But he didn't. He squeezed her hand and let go. A little dizzy and highly disappointed, she climbed into the seat.

"Rose?" he said when she'd strapped on her seatbelt. His face was in shadow; she couldn't see his eyes. "Talk to Jason."

A zing of electricity shot through her as she completed his sentence in her head. Talk to Jason so we can be together.

"I will," she said, her voice husky. She cleared her throat. "Good night."

But Cab hesitated, his hand still on the door. He leaned down closer to her. "You know, I don't like the idea of you driving home by yourself at this time of night. I'll just grab my truck. You go first. I'll follow." He must have seen her look of surprise because he added, "Don't worry; I'm not going to come in. I won't even ask. I just don't like the idea of you being alone on these country roads."

Rose frowned. If he going to make a move after all, he wouldn't do it in the carriage house Emory Thayer owned. He'd keep her here where they couldn't be observed. He actually meant he wanted to drive behind her all the way into town. As if she was incapable of making it home by herself.

The buzz of longing that had grown inside her during the last couple of hours faded. On the one hand, his concern was sweet. On the other hand, his concern was... ridiculous. It was something her father would try. Or Emory. "Cab, it's a ten minute drive," she said gently. "I'll be fine."

"It's no trouble and I'll sleep a lot better if I know you've gotten home."

"It's barely nine o'clock." Her voice developed an edge. Damn, she'd had fun tonight-she was on fire for him-and she didn't want to argue, but she couldn't let this slide. She remembered what he'd said earlier about her inability to stand up for herself.

"Humor me, okay?" He smiled and she wanted to humor him. She really did. But she was sick and tired of people telling her what to do, as if she wasn't old enough to make up her own mind. She was twenty-four. Plenty mature to handle a ten-minute drive to town.

"It's not necessary," she tried again.

"It is for me. I promise I won't even stop. I'll drive right on by and swing back home." He shut her door carefully and rapped his knuckles on the roof twice, as if giving her the signal that she was allowed to start her truck. Her annoyance blossomed into anger. It'd be one thing if this was a ruse to get closer to her, but it wasn't; it was just a way to control her. What if she wanted to go visit someone else? What if she wanted to run an errand or stop and get ice cream?

What if she felt like driving in circles around Chance Creek? It wasn't any of his business.

Damn it, why did everyone feel the need to parent her?

She stifled the urge to gun the engine and roar out of the driveway, but all she needed was for Cab to come after her with his sirens blaring. No, she'd have to handle this like an adult. Next time she saw him she'd explain that she appreciated his concern, but she didn't need his supervision, thank you very much.

And if that didn't work, she'd kick him.

Chapter Six

When Fila left her new friends in Washington, D.C., they begged her to come with them.

"You can crash with us," Carla said. "We're going to have so much fun!"

But Fila knew she had to put more distance between her and the men chasing her. That was another blessing America had to offer: its enormous size. She had money. Anna Langway had seen to that. Anna had first come to her village two years ago with a humanitarian project to immunize children against tuberculosis. Fila had managed to get her alone, and spill her story in rusty English that soon became fluent again. She told her of her youth spent in the United States. About the funeral that brought her family back to Afghanistan. About the shootings, and her delivery into Taliban hands.

Anna promised to do what she could to help, but when she came back the next year she said the organization she'd gone to for aid-Aria's House, whose mission was to provide a home for child-brides who'd run away-had its funding cut and they had nothing to spare for her. Anna told her not to give up hope; she'd look for another way, but by the time she'd arrived in Fila's village a third time, Fila had grown into a woman with haunting eyes and long, dark hair. Her high cheekbones and pretty figure made her stand out. Anna took one look and said, "It's a miracle they haven't married you off yet."

"They plan to, next month," Fila told her, and filled her in on all the details.

"He will be rewarded with many virgins in heaven," she'd heard the men say of her husband-to-be. "But he will have one virgin while he remains on earth. A taste of what's to come."

"Aria's House is back," Anna whispered to her. "Aria Cruz is dead, but others have stepped in to endow it and her daughter sent a large donation."

Fila had felt a surge of hope. Everyone had heard of Aria Cruz, the American woman who campaigned for the rights of Afghani women on her yearly trips to their country. Aria was an inspiration to those who remembered the way things were before the Taliban, when many women went to school and some even had careers outside their homes.

Aria's work saved young girls from marriages to older or abusive husbands, but the rumor was she'd been killed by the Taliban herself. Others said a car accident claimed her life back in the United States. After Anna's last visit, Fila had figured Aria's House's doors were closed for good.

So when Anna told her she'd be able to help, she counted it as a miracle and thanked God. Two weeks later, Anna passed her money, instructions and the props she needed to pull off her escape. Now she was on a train heading for Montana to find Aria's daughter and thank her personally.

And to ask her a few questions.

For if anyone knew how to help Fila raise money to save even more women from forced marriages, it would be Aria's daughter.

He was blowing it, Cab knew as he followed Rose's taillights through town. She'd stuck exactly to the speed limit all the way in from Carl's house and now she stopped at every stop sign, looked both ways and never went above thirty miles an hour. He knew Rose well enough to doubt she was usually this much of a stickler for the rules. He'd better stop and apologize for his overzealousness about her safety when they got to her house.

Or maybe he shouldn't.

Maybe he should do exactly what he'd said he'd do and keep on driving. If he stopped, she'd think he wanted an invitation inside. Of course, he would like that sort of invitation, but not tonight; not while she was engaged to Jason.

The sleepy town dozed around them. In the living rooms where the drapes were open, the residents gathered around their televisions, but most homes were shut up tight, their curtains drawn against the wintery night.

He'd keep driving, he decided, but if he didn't hear back from her by tomorrow afternoon about their shooting date, he'd give her a call.

Rose pulled into her driveway, climbed out of the truck and slammed the door shut. Cab had kept a respectable distance behind her as they drove into town, but she was still angry that he was there at all. If he thought he could stop at her house and she'd invite him in, he had another thought coming. She couldn't help glancing over her shoulder, however, as Cab's headlights swept the street as she walked up to the front door.

He didn't stop at all. He didn't even beep his horn as he passed. Just like he said back at Carl's house, he kept on going now that he'd seen her home safe.

Rose felt a dip of disappointment, but brushed all thought of the sheriff aside as she faced the carriage house and dug in her purse for her key. Letting herself in, she shut and locked the door behind her, taking a moment to lean against it and close her eyes. What a day of ups and downs. What a night. She hadn't exactly gone a date with Cab, but it sure felt like she had.

And she hadn't even broken up yet with Jason.

Opening her eyes again, she refused to think about that anymore. Time enough to talk to Jason when she'd found a job and apartment. She hung up her coat, took off her boots and made her way inside. Instantly she knew something was wrong. Emory had been here in her absence; the place had all the signs. A twist of dread tightened her gut. She hated when he came around when she was gone. It gave her the creepiest sensation to know he'd been in her private space. She passed through the carriage house, taking note of what he'd done.

The kitchen counter, already scrubbed to a shine, had been washed again. She knew that because she had lined up her appliances-the toaster, blender and microwave-in the center of the counter and now they were at the far end.

In the living room, the few magazines she'd stacked carefully on the coffee table were now fanned artistically as if inviting her to sit down and read. Indents in the carpet told her the easy chair had been moved half an inch.

Then she caught sight of her bedroom door.

Her open bedroom door.

She'd closed it this morning, like she always did, because as much as she was willing to accommodate the intrusive, OCD elements of her fiance's father's personality, she could not bear the thought of him pawing through her clothing, jewelry and makeup.

If it was open, Emory had been in there, something she'd expressly forbidden him to do. Of course, she'd forbidden him to muck around with the rest of her house, too, and he regularly broke that rule. She crossed to the bedroom, anxiety tightening her stomach. If he was still in there, she would scream.

More than scream.

She pushed it open slowly and scanned the room.

No one was there.

Rose let go of the breath she was holding, entered the room fully and scanned it for changes. Emory had been in here all right; her brushes and combs were lined up on the dresser and-had he cleaned them? The thought of the man pulling hair from them and scrubbing them under the bathroom tap made her skin crawl. She crossed to the dresser in two steps, gathered them up and threw them in the trash.

She'd made her bed and it didn't seem disturbed, although perhaps the comforter was a tiny bit straighter. The closet door was closed. Good. But when she crossed the room and opened it, Emory had definitely been in it, too. Her clothes were now categorized by type of item and by color scheme within the type. Pants, skirts, shirts... He'd touched and rearranged them all.

She swung around and pawed through her desk. He'd straightened the top drawer where she stored pencils, pens, erasers and all the odds and ends one accumulated. Everything now sat neat as a pin.

One look in the bathroom made her want to throw up. He'd scrubbed and neatened everything there, too. All the porcelain gleamed, the tile floor shone and the mirrored cabinet door over the sink didn't even harbor a single piece of lint. She opened it and clapped a hand to her mouth. Everything from her hand cream to her toothbrush to her birth control pills stood in careful lines equidistant from each other.

Emory was sick. He was totally sick.

Rose's skin tingled and her stomach hurt. She felt like she'd separated from her body, or that her mind was losing itself in her utter shock. Emory had never done this before. Her bedroom with its en suite bathroom was the one place she'd felt almost safe. Almost able to be herself.

Almost.

Now any illusion of privacy she'd ever had was gone.

She was shaking as she approached the second bedroom, the one she used to use as a painting studio before she gave up painting at the house. Emory couldn't possibly have done anything in here-he'd already invaded this room multiple times, putting her paints away, cleaning her brushes, scrubbing her palettes down to the bone, destroying carefully mixed colors she'd been saving for her next session. She'd given up and already packed most of her supplies in preparation for the move to her tree house when she built it. What could Emory do?

She pushed open the door to the studio and cried out in shock. Nothing was where she'd left it, not even the carefully packed boxes. In fact, they were all undone. The wide table she'd disassembled was put together and back into place. The boxes were gone and all her supplies sat out in pristine rows. The paints grouped by color, the brushes by size.

At first Rose didn't understand where the piles of paper placed neatly around the floor of the room had come from, but when she did she had to bite back a scream. He'd gone through her sketchbooks-all of them, and there were dozens-ripped out the pages and arranged the drawings by category. He'd divided her landscapes into those that contained buildings and those that didn't, those that contained animals, but no buildings and those that contained both. Her sketches of people were separated into men, women, children, and combinations of the three. Her animal sketches categorized by mammal, reptile, bird, or fish.

Even her canvasses had come under Emory's organizing powers. He'd hung every single one on the walls, until there wasn't an inch of space left. A chill touched her spine when she realized her canvasses couldn't possibly all fit on the walls of this small room.

Where were the others?

She spun in a circle, but the room offered up no other clues. She raced back out to the living room and looked high and low through the rest of the carriage house. They were nowhere to be seen.

She'd have to confront him. Right now. Before the crazy old man did something unthinkable. Throwing her coat back around her shoulders, she slammed the front door behind her, clattered down the stairs and raced across the yard to the main house.

Only then did she notice the remains of a bonfire in the stone outdoor fireplace that stood halfway between the two buildings.

Rose stumbled to a stop, nearly tripping over her own feet. The glow of the embers revealed that the paving stones around the fireplace were swept clear of fallen leaves in typical Emory fashion. The patio furniture that normally sat here had already been put away for the season. Emory was nowhere to be seen, but a pail of water stood at the ready in case of emergencies. A large pile of glowing ash was all that remained of the fire.

"Tea?" Emory said behind her and Rose nearly jumped out of her skin. "I saw you pull in and figured you might want something warm to drink."

"Where are my canvasses?" Rose said. A light went on in the window of the house next door and she could see a middle-aged woman moving around her dining room table, covering it with a clean cloth. A teenage girl appeared and began to help. Why couldn't her life be like that? Simple. Straightforward. How come she attracted every kind of crazy there was?

"Your canvasses," Emory repeated slowly.

Something in Rose snapped. "My canvasses!" she shouted. "Where the hell are my canvasses, Emory?"

The woman next door straightened and turned to look in their direction, but Rose doubted she could see them out here in the darkness. Even the sound of her shouts must be muffled.

Emory shook his head. "Rosie. You keep too many things. Your mother calls you a pack rat, did you know that? Spot on, as usual."

"Where are they?"

"I'm only trying to help you, you know," he said. "Sometimes if you show someone how to keep their things neat, it's easier for them to learn how to do it right."

She blinked, trying to hold back her anger. How to do it right? She'd show him how to do it right. But Emory was her parents' closest friend and they'd asked her many times not to antagonize him or make fun of his condition. He was just lonely, that was all.

"You didn't need all those extra pictures, anyhow. I only burned the ones that weren't any good. Drink some tea." He offered the cup again.

Rose struck it from his hand, overcome by fury. It shattered against the hard paving stones, spilling a wash of dark liquid over them. Emory cringed back, then straightened in anger. "Clean up that mess!" He pointed to the broken cup. "Every last piece."

"You burned my paintings?" Rose yelled. "Burned them?" She had suspected as much, but the truth was unbearable. The beautiful sunrise landscape she'd labored over for weeks-gone. The experimental piece she'd been working on-gone. And countless others she hadn't even remembered yet. The product of years of labor. He'd simply tossed them on the flames?

Next door, the mother and daughter peered through the window. The daughter held something to her ear. A phone?

"You heard me. Clean up that mess," Emory said again. "I've had those cups for thirteen years. Every single one of them in perfect condition."

"Yeah? Well, they're not perfect now," Rose hollered. She stepped closer and stomped on the broken remains. "They're not even close to perfect, are they? That one's gone for good, which means you have an uneven number now. What are you going to do about that, Emory? Huh? What are you going to do?"

She heard sirens in the distance, but she didn't care what happened next. How could Emory have burned her paintings-so many of them? Didn't he know how wrong that was? Was he really that sick?

Or did he just feel like everyone else that he had the right to tell her what to do, the right to organize her life and destroy her things? Did he feel his needs were more important than hers? Everyone else sure did.

"Rose? Is everything all right here?"

She spun around to find Cab crossing the lawn toward her. "I heard on the police radio there was a problem here. What's happening?"

The sirens continued to get closer. Rose stared at him, a new suspicion forming. "Were you watching me?"

Cab faltered at the shrill tone of her voice, but only for a split second. "No," he said gruffly. "I wasn't watching you. I went to the Burger Shack drive-through for a cup of coffee. I was barely a mile away."

She peered at him in the darkness, unsure if he was telling the truth. "He burned my paintings," she said finally, her voice beginning to wobble. "Emory burned them. Dozens of them."

"Emory?" Rose could almost feel the cloak of his office falling over Cab's shoulders. Gone was the friendly cowboy. In his place was a stern, take-charge officer.

Emory visibly shrunk back. "I was tidying up for her. She's a nice girl, but sloppy. Always sloppy. Look what she did to my cup." He pointed to the paving stones where small, white chips of porcelain glittered in the firelight.

"You think maybe she did that because she was angry you destroyed her things?"

The sirens trailed off as two police cruisers pulled into Emory's driveway. A few moments later, a number of officers swarmed into the backyard.

"Cab? What are you doing here?"

"Heard the call on the radio," Cab said to the officer. "I know the people involved. Thought I might be able to help."

As the uniformed men and women took over the scene, the gravity of her loss overwhelmed Rose. Years of work. Years of creativity. A few of her best works of art were gone for good.

Why bother anymore? a little voice inside her asked. Why fight it? Why not just give in? Give away your paints. Burn the rest of the canvasses.

No matter what she did, everyone else came first. Their ideas, their plans, their feelings, their desires. If she didn't give in when they asked her to, they just waited until she turned her back and enforced their will over her. She would never have control over her life. Never.

"Hey, you all right?" Cab crouched beside her. She hadn't realized she'd sunk to her knees, but now the cold from the paving stones leached through the fabric of her jeans.

She shook her head. "No. God, Cab, you have no idea..." She couldn't put into words the enormity of what Emory had done. What he kept on doing. What everybody kept doing.

"You'll have to give your statement about what happened and they'll want a list of the paintings Emory took. Do you want to press charges?"

Rose laughed bitterly. "How can I? He's sick, right? He's got OCD-everyone knows that. So he gets a free pass to do whatever he wants."

"That's not entirely true." Cab touched her arm. "You're right; Emory needs help, but a charge against him could be what it takes to get him to see that."

"My parents would kill me," she said, trying desperately not to cry. "They would hate my guts."

"I doubt that. They worry for their friend, that's all. Emory hasn't had an easy time of it, but that's no excuse for what he did to you. Do you think you can go back inside and start a list of what's missing? You don't have to do it all tonight. Just get a start."

Nausea swept over her at the thought of seeing her studio again, but Rose allowed him to help her to her feet and support her as she walked back to the carriage house. She was thankful for his steadying arm as she climbed the steps back to the entrance. He had a word with the officer posted there and led her inside. Back in the spare bedroom, she fought even harder to hold back her tears. As professionally and methodically as she could, she described all the changes Emory had made in each of the rooms, and then listed as many missing canvasses as she could recall. With each one, her voice thickened until she couldn't speak anymore. When Cab moved to comfort her, she waved him off, bracing herself against the wide desk to keep on her feet. Cab disappeared and came back with a box of tissues. She grabbed one gratefully and mopped her eyes.

"I'm sorry," she said. "It's just..."

"It's just someone came into your house and destroyed the things most precious to you. I'm sorry, Rose. I'm so sorry. Your paintings are beautiful."

His perception surprised her.

"Do you want me to take you back to Ethan and Autumn's place? I'm not sure you should stay here tonight," he said.

No, she didn't want to stay here. Not now. "I guess so. I hate to bother them."

"It won't be a bother, you know that. Or you could stay with me if you prefer. I assumed you'd be more comfortable with Autumn."

Rose nodded. "Thanks," she said.

He put an arm around her shoulder as he led her out the door. "I wish I could say things will look better in the morning, but I won't. You've sustained a real loss. Let me know if there's anything I can do."

He said no more as they walked to his truck and for that she was grateful.

Chapter Seven

When she heard her seatmates complaining about the long train ride from Washington, D.C. to Illinois, Fila smothered a laugh. These soft, safe Americans had no idea how long a journey could be. Her trip with her guards had begun before dawn, a long walk through gray light down a precipitous track from her mountain enclave. Several hours later they had emerged in a village that was large by northwestern Afghanistan standards, but tiny compared to the cities she'd passed through so far in the United States. There they'd boarded a run-down Jeep that hailed back to the Russian occupation. After a bone-rattling journey across the pitted and pockmarked back roads of her country, they pulled into Kabul just as the sun was setting again.

She'd been stored like an old rug in the back room of a run-down apartment overnight, the children and wives of the extended family living there taking turns peeking at her around the curtain that acted as a door.

That was the easy part of her journey.

While the first day of travels involved hardships of the body, the second day involved hardships of the mind and soul. The three men chosen to ferry her to New York City-Wahid, Abdul, and Mehran-expected strict obedience. Why wouldn't they? When hadn't she been anything but obedient? For the thousandth time, Fila said a prayer of thanks for her mother's dire warnings on their flight to Afghanistan. Had her mother had a premonition about her own death? Something had compelled her to prepare Fila for what might come.

"Afghan women survive through a mixture of non-resistance and deep-seated rebellion," she told Fila. "On the surface they wear a serene mask of compliance. That mask must always be in place. Underneath, they boil with plots and plans. When we get there, you watch. The men run the show, but some women, some very powerful women call the shots. It's an art form, Fila. All survival is an art form."

Fila did watch when she got to Afghanistan, and she did see. In her remote village, most younger women were almost slaves to their men and the older women around them, but some of the elder wives were powerful in their own right. They influenced their men through the way they spiced their meals, the way they stitched their clothes, the way they spoke to their children. They berated each other for the shortcomings they actually despised in their spouses, and let slip tidbits of gossip aimed with arrow-accuracy, darts of shame to prick their sons and husbands into righteous-and advantageous-action. Fila quickly learned to hide among the village children-she had no power and never would. She mimicked them down to the utmost nuances of their expressions. Disliked and abused at first, she made a campaign out of turning first one and then another to her side. Tiny gifts, bribes, services-whatever it took to cultivate the friendship and loyalty of each of the girls her age in the village. Another campaign to cultivate her elders. A third to ingratiate herself to the littlest ones.

Sooner than she'd dared to hope, she became indispensable to many of them. Her true goal-a return to the United States-she kept from everyone until so many years went by that when her peers began to talk of that shiny, wealthy, infidel place they all loathed and longed for in equal measure, they forgot they'd ever mistrusted her as one who'd been corrupted by actual contact with American soil.

And when more and more girls found themselves chained to more and more grizzled, greedy older men, and the village women began to mutter among themselves about things going too far and where was it going to end, Fila was well-positioned to hear every scrap of gossip about failed-and successful-escape attempts. Once she knew it was possible to flee an arranged marriage, Fila created her new campaign: to get out of Afghanistan altogether.

Rose was quiet on the way to the Cruz ranch. Cab didn't blame her. He'd like to strangle Emory for destroying her paintings. What kind of person did that?

"Has Emory always been so intrusive into your place?" he forced himself to ask in a calm voice.

"Pretty much. Although this is by far the worst he's done."

"And you stay because..."

"Cheap rent, he's my parents' friend, and my fiance's father, although Jason never wanted me to move in. Once I was there, though, it was impossible to move out."

"Why?"

"My parents would freak. They're good friends with him and they told me it would hurt his feelings if I left."

"That's not much of a reason to stay."

She shot him a look. "I was raised to care about the effect I had on other people."

He mulled this over. "If that's true, then your parents must care about your feelings."

"Sure," she said irritably. "Of course they do."

"So they should understand why you'd want to move out when your landlord is going through your things."

"They think I should tolerate it because he means well." She emphasized the last two words sourly.

"They'll think differently now that he's started to burn your possessions."

"Just my paintings. They don't think those are very important."

"So, they don't care about your feelings after all."

Rose opened her mouth, closed it again. Wiped a stray hair from her face. "Of course they do, it's just... Emory's older."

"So he gets to behave badly but you don't," Cab said, wanting to be clear.

"When you put it that way, it sounds ridiculous," Rose complained. "And it's not. I'm supposed to be nice. Everyone is supposed to be nice."

"But everyone isn't nice." He glanced over at her. "Emory sure as hell isn't. You have to take care of yourself. There are a lot of people in this world who wouldn't think twice about hurting you, Rose. Bad people."

She stared at him for a moment. "You think I don't know that? I feel like I play by a different set of rules than everyone else. It's like, we're all taught what's right and wrong, but I'm the only one sticking to it. Everyone else does exactly what they want, but if I try it, all hell breaks loose. You think I haven't tried to leave? You think I haven't tried to quit that stupid job and do something else? Even when I sit at home painting I feel guilty because everyone says it's a waste of time."

"Everyone? Or just your parents?"

"I don't know."

"Look." He took her hand and squeezed it. "You know I'm the county sheriff, right?"

Rose nodded. "Of course."

"I believe in law and order. I believe that human society in general wants the best for its people, but I also believe that as a whole we take shortcuts. In the interest of making it easy to keep the peace, we make as many people as possible compliant. Especially women and children. You're raised to say yes even when you mean no. You're raised to be nice even when the situation calls for anger. That makes you vulnerable." A muscle in his jaw jumped. "Much too vulnerable. You have to learn to say no and mean it. You have to have the strength of mind to identify what's best for you and fight for that. You can't say yes to everyone in order to try to keep them all happy. Women who need to please men end up their victims." He realized he was lecturing her. "Put yourself first, Rose. Take a look at your life. Decide what you want to keep and what you want to change. Then do it."

"But..."

"No buts. I'm serious. That's what adults do, Rose; they make choices about their lives. You have to make choices, too."

She regarded him suspiciously. "Why are you so interested in what I do with my life all of a sudden?"

"Because I'm interested in you."

Rose concentrated on a set of taillights far ahead of them for several minutes, trying to digest everything that Cab had said. Could someone like him even understand what it was like to be someone like her? Look at him-he was tall, strong, powerful... he even had a badge. Every trapping of authority was his for the taking. And look at her. Small, weak, feminine. No one gave a damn what she thought. It was true, she needed to make some decisions about everything from where she lived to how she earned an income. It was true, too, that she let people ride roughshod over her instead of standing up for her own desires. Thank God she'd already started on the tree house. First and foremost she needed an art studio that was hers alone. Preferably one with a lock no one else had the key for.

Second, she needed a new home. Maybe she'd talk to Autumn about renting a room for the winter. Living out of town was inconvenient for work, but at least she'd be close to her studio.

And Cab.

She automatically tried to clear that thought from her mind, but stopped and considered the last thing he'd said. He was interested in her. The knowledge sent a shiver of awareness through her. Well, she was interested in him, too. No matter how stupid that made her.

Which brought her to the third thing she needed to do: break up with Jason. She twisted the ring on her finger unconsciously. Tomorrow. She'd call him tomorrow, no matter that she hadn't settled her living arrangements or gotten a new job. After what happened tonight she was done with Emory, anyway. Might as well get the worst with Jason over, too.

Cab was still waiting for her response to his declaration, but she didn't know what to say. She cast a covert gaze over at him, found him looking back at her.

"Okay."

Chapter Eight

Fila was used to the cold; she'd never been properly dressed for the weather in her small village. Still, each time she disembarked from a train and found the next one, she grew more uncomfortable, both with the temperature and the way she was dressed.

When she'd first pulled her burqa from over her head, she'd felt a rush of adrenaline. Wearing this skimpy skirt was like stepping onstage to act a part she'd been rehearsing for years. Now it felt like the production had dragged on far too long. Her costume was wilted, her makeup rubbing off. She was tired, scared. Out of her league.

Her clothes attracted attention, too. Lots of it. Men eyed her hungrily. Woman walked past and wrinkled their noses. Out of the big city and away from her group of chatty, temporary friends, she stood out in her garish, unsuitable colors. It was time to change disguises again.

She stepped out of the train station in Chicago and fought down a wave of fear. The bravado that had gotten her this far was fast disappearing. She was hungry, thirsty, and had no idea how to navigate this town. She traced her way to a ladies' room-her life now seemed made up of ladies' rooms-and faced herself in the mirror.

No wonder everyone was staring.

She washed off her remaining makeup carefully, took out her hairpins, adjusted her wig and repinned it carefully. What could she do about her clothes?

A movement in the mirror caught her eye and she looked up to see a woman about the age her mother would have been had she lived.

"That's better," the woman said, and Fila knew she was referring to the way she'd washed her face and tidied her hair. The woman was dressed in a sensible, knee-length, brown tweed skirt and a cream-colored sweater. Over them she wore a dark wool dress jacket. On her feet she wore trim suede shoes. She looked... safe, Fila decided.

"Could you advise me on where I might buy some clothes?" she asked, nodding at the woman to indicate she wanted something similar to what she wore-something sensible.

"You have the look of someone who is starting over," the woman said. "You need a department store. Macy's should do it." She pulled a pen and pad of paper out of her purse and drew a map. When she handed it over, Fila grasped her hand and thanked her profusely.

"Do you have the money you need?" The woman looked at her sharply.

"Yes, I have money."

"And somewhere to go?"

"Yes. I have that, too."

"Then you'll be fine." The woman patted her hand, drew her purse over her shoulder and said her good-byes.

There were angels everywhere, Fila thought.

"You know those al-Qaeda folks would love to get their hands on our land," Kevin Coulter said, waving a hash brown for emphasis.

Cab bent over his scrambled eggs and bit back a sigh. Seven o'clock in the morning and already Kevin was hot on another conspiracy theory. Linda's diner was full of cowboys, ranchers, truck drivers and other working folks eating a hearty breakfast before another long day's work. He liked to come here several times a week and linger over his coffee, soaking up the chatter that went on around him. It helped him keep abreast of the gossip and any trouble that might be brewing. Stephanie Lakins, who owned the diner and kept everything going from her perch behind the cash register, and Tracey Richards, one of the waitresses, filled him in on anything they'd overheard that they thought he should know.

"He's really on a rant today," Tracey said, nodding at the old man as she bent over the table to refill Cab's coffee mug.

"Anything new or noteworthy?" Cab asked, more out of habit than because he thought there would be.

"Not unless you think al-Qaeda operatives are planning to set up a sleeper cell in Chance Creek." Her blond ponytail swung as she dabbed at a spot on the table with a cloth.

Cab pretended to consider the notion. "Nah, can't see it."

"Me, neither. Can I get you anything else?"

"Just the bill."

Still shaking his head over Kevin's latest batch of crazy talk, Cab headed to his truck ready to check in at the station and get to work. It was a shame about Kevin, really. A rancher all his life, he'd been sidelined at sixty-eight when a horse backed him up against a corral fence and broke his hip. Now he couldn't do any heavy work and his son and grandsons ran the ranch. Too much idle time on his hands had gotten to his brain. Al-Qaeda. Sheesh. Al Qaeda operatives would have a hard time hiding in Chance Creek. That was the curse of small town life in Montana; everyone was pretty much the same. Strangers stuck out like sore thumbs.

His thoughts drifted to the unexpectedly pleasant evening he'd spent with Rose last night and he gave thanks to Carl for buying one damn cushy couch. Poor Rose didn't stand a chance with him sitting next to her. She weighed barely more than a grasshopper and he'd been delighted to discover a shift here and there got her sliding in close. She hadn't protested, either, when he snuggled her to his side and clamped an arm around her. He had to exercise a lot of self-restraint not to take things any further, but Rose was worth some self-restraint. They'd get to the good stuff soon enough if things went his way.

Wouldn't the rest of the gang crow when they found out, though? Ethan, Rob and Jamie had given him grief for years for not dating all that much. They alternated between questioning his manhood and offering to set him up with someone. They used to urge him to ask out Bella Chatham, until she went on that television show, beat the billionaire, and then married him for good measure. Lately it seemed like they might give him up as a lost cause.

He'd had moments of doubt himself. All the rest of them already found their women. First Ethan met and married Autumn, then Jamie and Claire got hitched, and then even Rob-who'd sworn he'd never, ever marry-tied the knot with Morgan. Maybe that's why he was stepping up and testing the waters with Rose now. It was his turn, wasn't it? Plus, her reaction to the ring he picked really fired up his curiosity. Rob was always a pain in the ass, but sometimes he was an effective pain in the ass. He'd still be sitting on the sidelines, bemoaning a fate that left Jason engaged to Rose and him out in the cold, if Rob hadn't stuck his ring on Rose's finger. Not that he'd ever mention that to Rob. That cowboy was dangerous enough already.

Was it right to take action, though, he wondered as he drove to the station. He hadn't thought so previously. That's why he hadn't made a move before. Rose's reaction changed that. If she wasn't really in love with Jason, then the right thing to do was to break them up.

Jason probably wouldn't see it that way, though.

Well, he'd deal with Jason if it came to that, he thought as he pulled into the parking lot. Time to focus on the day ahead. At twenty-eight, he was young to be county sheriff, but he'd been appointed to the job a few years back when his father hurt his back and had to resign suddenly after thirty years of service. By the time the next election rolled around, Chance Creek's voters had gotten used to him, and he ran unopposed. Family counted for a lot in this small town. Most people knew his father, and knew him, too. Even those who didn't like him preferred the evil they knew to the evil they didn't.

As sheriff, Cab oversaw thirty-eight deputies in a variety of departments, from the patrol division to the detective division, to the officers who ran the county jail. Every day brought something new, and since he headed the pack of them, he got to pick and choose which activities he wanted to take part in. At least some of the time.

Today he had some business at the jail later on, but after the morning's briefing session, he planned to spend an hour or two on patrol. He liked to keep his visibility high-both among the citizens of Chance Creek and among his own deputies. Underlings were less likely to get up to trouble when the boss made his presence known.

An hour later he was driving the streets of Chance Creek before heading out on some of the long, winding county roads that surrounded it. He had a few planned stops to make, but mostly he was keeping an eye on the sleepy little town he loved so much. Chance Creek had always been his home and he always meant it to be. With the latest reminder that very bad people could lurk anywhere, he'd rededicated himself to patrolling the streets.

He was driving past Dundy's Hardware when he spotted Rose's banged up old truck. And there was the woman herself.

What a sight for sore eyes.

She was petite but everything about her exuded energy, from the pace of her stride to the bounce of the mass of brown curls spilling down her back. She wore jeans that hugged her curves like they were painted on, hiking boots, and a forest green fleece. She carried a plastic shopping bag and looked like she was in a hurry. Her face belied her energetic bearing, however. She looked tired, and her eyes were rimmed with red like she'd been crying. No wonder. She'd had a tough day yesterday. He was surprised she was out and about at all.

The thought of Emory piling her paintings on the bonfire made him itch to knock the man into next week. As far as he was concerned, Emory had long ago used up any sympathy he deserved for the loss of his wife, his son moving away, and his... condition. Cab knew all too well that people's demons could push them to do horrible things, but why wasn't Emory getting help to control his obsession with order? Was it his obsession that pushed him to destroy Rose's things, or was it a straight up desire to hurt her?

Cab didn't know. Without thinking, he pulled into the lot and parked the car behind her truck, effectively hemming her in. She stopped with her hand on the door handle as he got out of the cruiser.

"Hey, Rose." He nodded toward the bag she was carrying. "Find everything you need?"

"What, you work for the hardware store now?"

Ouch. She wasn't just tired, she was cranky, too. "Just making conversation."

She hesitated. Made a face. "Sorry. It's really hitting me today what a mess my life is."

"You're not working?" He folded his arms over his chest and leaned back against his patrol car. He'd prefer to pull her close and give her a kiss, but he had a feeling that wasn't on the menu right now. Probably should have tried it last night, Jason be damned. He'd been pretty sure she wanted to then.

"No, I'm done with the jewelry store."

He nodded. That made sense. "You want to set a time for Saturday?"

She looked away. "I'm not sure about Saturday."

His good mood sunk even further. He understood why she'd be upset right now, but he'd hoped she'd see their shooting date as something to look forward to. "Why not?"

"Look, Cab..."

Oh God, here it came. "Wait. Rose... I know it's too soon for us to be anything other than friends. I know you're still attached to Jason..."

"It's not that."

"Then what is it?"

"I don't like what you did last night." She opened the door to her truck, placed the shopping bag inside and closed it again. She folded her own arms over her chest and faced him.

"You mean, holding you?" he forced himself to ask. Shit, had he blown it by moving too fast when they watched the movie? It was a bonehead move, putting his arm around her like that. But she'd accepted it happily enough at the time.

"No." She shook her head, obviously irritated. "Not because you held me. Because of the other thing."

What other thing? Cab wracked his brain to try to remember what else he'd done. He hadn't kissed her. He sure wanted to, but he'd restrained himself. With difficulty. That left... nothing.

"You insisted on following me home to the carriage house like I'm some kind of child!" Rose exploded. "What the hell was that about?"

Cab blinked. "I wanted to make sure you were safe. It turned out to be a good thing, too. You and Emory nearly came to blows."

"I can take Emory any day. And I'm perfectly capable of driving from Carl's house to town by myself."

"Calm down. Look, that's a backcountry highway. If you broke down you'd be all alone out there."

"Hello! Autumn, Morgan and Claire live just down the road from Carl's house. Are you telling me that Rob and Ethan and Jamie don't let them drive after dark?"

"I just... wanted you to be safe. That's all." Why couldn't she understand the worry he felt toward her-toward all the women of Chance Creek if it came to that? She hadn't seen what Grady did to his victims. He hoped she'd never see anything like it. If it came to a choice of seeming overbearing or losing her to a monster...

"It's not your responsibility!"

"I want it to be." He didn't remember moving closer but they stood eye to eye, or they would have if the disparity between their heights weren't so large. Rose glared up at him, her hands on her hips now.

"Get this straight. I don't care if we're friends, or dating or even sleeping together. You don't get to tell me what to do. Ever!"

Sleeping together? A corner of Cab's mouth lifted of its own accord.

Rose growled in frustration. "Are you listening to me?"

"Yes, I am," he said. "And I like where you're going with all of that."

"I'm serious. Stop ordering me around!"

The back of Cab's neck prickled and he realized he'd stopped paying attention to their surroundings. A quick scan of the parking lot told him there were several witnesses to this altercation.

And one of them was Rob Matheson.

"Yeah, Sheriff, stop ordering her around or you'll have to arrest yourself for conduct unbecoming an officer," he drawled. He shut the door to his truck and came to join them. "Hi, Rose. This man bothering you?"

She rolled her eyes. "No. He's just treating me like I'm twelve."

Rob nudged Cab. "She's not twelve, buddy. Lucky for you."

"I know she's not twelve," Cab said.

Rob chuckled. "Figured as much. You two coming to Ethan's place tonight?"

Ethan's place? He'd forgotten about that. It was Thursday night again. Poker and pool at the Cruz ranch. "Yeah, I'll be there."

"Me, too," Rose said after a moment's pause.

"See you there." Rob strode off whistling.

Cab exchanged a look of dismay with Rose.

"You realize he's going to tell everyone about what he saw and heard just now," Rose said, making her way around to the driver's side of her truck. "With his own embellishments."

Cab hated to think what those embellishments might be. "Want me to steer clear of the Cruz ranch tonight?" he asked wearily.

Rose hesitated. "No." She didn't meet his eye as she got into her vehicle. "Just stop bossing me around."

Thank goodness she'd planned out each and every step to build her cabin. Now that Rose had the posts in place, the rest of it went more easily. Pieces fit together correctly and screws tightened easily in her predrilled holes. By the time the pale sun had climbed as high as it would get on this fall day, she had the floor and four walls in place. Which was good, because if ever she needed a place to get away to, it was now.

Autumn had welcomed her with open arms to the Big House last night, assigned her a room and told her to stay as long as she liked. Later she'd pick up the rest of her things from the carriage house and move them in, but for now she needed to be alone, outside.

Here.

It felt good to work like this on her own. No one to stand over her and tell her what to do. No one to point out the small mistakes she'd made on the way. No one to take the tools out of her hands and do it for her. Why was it no one thought she could do things for herself?

Standing on the ground and looking up at her creation, Rose felt proud of what she'd accomplished. The small house wasn't perfect by a long shot, with gaping holes where the windows would go, another for the door, and not even a start to the roof on top. It was a plain square box.

But it was her plain square box. She couldn't wait to finish it.

First, however, she needed lunch and a bathroom break. A quick trip to the truck got her the bag lunch she'd packed this morning and a roll of biodegradable toilet paper. She left her lunch near the tree house and walked farther into the woods to find a suitable place to pee. As she heeded the call of nature, it occurred to her this was a flaw in her flawless plan. She envisioned slipping away to her tree house for long days of painting, which meant many more cold and uncomfortable bathroom breaks like this one in her future.

What if she wanted to stay overnight?

An image floated into her mind of her grandparents' lakeside cabin where they used to visit when she was a kid. Completely off the grid, it had no indoor plumbing. Instead it had a pristine outhouse with a linoleum floor, washable walls and a padded toilet seat. Adequate ventilation ensured that while not exactly odor-free, it didn't reek either. Rose finished up and made her way back to the building site. Should she make one of those, too?

Maybe.

First things first. She used hand sanitizer to clean her hands, and sat down to eat her lunch with an appetite she rarely had when she worked at the jewelry shop. She liked it out here where it was quiet and peaceful. Sociable by nature, she wouldn't want to be alone all the time, but she needed restful periods like this for her artist's soul.

She frowned as she thought over her difficulties finding time and places to paint. No one took her art seriously. In fact, it galled her that no one took much of what she did seriously. Including Jason. Even now that it seemed obvious he hadn't been serious about her for quite some time, that didn't stop him from getting together with her when he came through town. She was good enough to sleep with, obviously. Just not good enough to marry.

Was he dating someone else in North Dakota?

She waited to feel the blow that thought ought to deal her, but instead of anger, she only felt sad. What had happened to them? Were they ever meant to be together?

Probably not, given the way things had gone.

She set down her sandwich and contemplated the thin band of silver on her finger. Was it time to take it off? She'd planned to wait until she had a final conversation with Jason, but the truth was, she didn't feel like waiting. Jason had kept her waiting for years, and lately he hardly had bothered to pretend they were having a relationship. Why should she give him the courtesy of a formal breakup when he hadn't given her any such courtesy?

She gave the ring an exploratory tug, wondering if it would cling to her after so much time on her finger. But just like the other day at the jewelry store, it slipped off easily. She held it up, looked it over one last time, then slid it into her pants pocket. Nothing to it. With a shrug that masked an ache in her heart, she packed up the remainder of her lunch and got back to work. She was sad for the death of her first real relationship, but her pain was for the girl she'd been, not for the woman she was today. She was ready to move on.

She'd been ready for quite some time.

Rose stood up and surveyed the tree house rising above her. She should have done this years ago. She didn't know how she'd get through these next few days, until she rescued the rest of her things from the carriage house, found a new job and moved on. She was afraid Emory might try to hold her to the lease she'd signed. If he did, she might have to make a trip to small claims court. Autumn had said she'd be glad to rent the room to her on a long term basis, but if she had to pay for two places, money would be awfully tight.

Later that afternoon she rolled back into town and parked at the grocery store. She needed a contribution to bring along to the gathering at Ethan and Autumn's place tonight. She'd left the woods early today to give herself time for a shower and change of clothes once she got back to the Big House. She'd framed in one of the large windows of the tree house securely, without even scratching the glass. And she'd prepped the doorframe, too. Next she'd put in the smaller window and get started on the roof. It had been hard to leave the tree house at the end of the afternoon. She wanted to keep on working straight through until it was done, but she was tired, her muscles ached, and she desperately needed a shower before she would be fit for company.

"Hi, Rose."

Rose turned at the entrance to find Hannah Ashton behind her. "Hi, how are things at the clinic?" She made a mental note to stop by soon and visit the animals. It was hard to play with the strays and not be able to take any home, but she knew Hannah's boss, Bella Chatham, appreciated anyone who took the time to come and handle them.

"They're good. We're busy," Hannah said. "You coming to Ethan's tonight?"

"Yes." Rose smiled. "I take it you are, too?"

"Uh huh. These poker nights are getting out of hand. I think we might have enough people for three tables tonight. Are you shopping for something to bring along?"

"I'm grabbing some chips and dip."

"I'm on soda duty. Although we all know everyone's going to drink beer."

"Except Autumn, Claire and Morgan," Rose said. She envied them their built-in friendships and the fact that next year they'd be overrun with babies. The Cruz ranch was a heavenly place to live and work. She determined to make the best of the fact that she was living there now, too. At least temporarily.

Hannah nodded. As they made their way through the aisles of the grocery store, Rose noticed she was quieter than usual.

"Anything wrong?" she asked.

Hannah let out a sigh. "Actually, yes. Do you ever feel the need to get away?"

Rose laughed. "All the time."

"Really?" Hannah faced her. "It's not just me?"

"Nope. It sucks being young. You don't own anything that's yours."

"That's it exactly." Hannah brightened. "I need my own place. My own land. Somewhere no one will watch what I'm doing. Somewhere away from Cody."

"There's a lot of land out there," Rose said noncommittally, wondering what was wrong between Hannah and her boyfriend. She knew Hannah currently lived at Cody's house, so if things weren't right between them Hannah wouldn't have anywhere to retreat. When they reached the potato chips, she stopped to survey the shelves and chose several bags.

"Sure, but someone owns all of it," Hannah said. "It isn't fair. It's not like people even use all their land. It just sits there. And then there's the fencing. How do you even build it?"

"Fencing?" Rose struggled to keep up with her. "You mean like for a corral?" Did Hannah want a horse? Was that what she and Cody were fighting about? Maybe Cody didn't like horses. "Check online," she said, thinking about the YouTube videos she'd watched to learn how to build the tree house.

Hannah looked at her. "Yeah, that's a good idea. Anyway," she suddenly became brisk. "I need to grab some pop. What do you think I should get?"

As Rose watched her pace up and down the row of brightly colored drinks, she wondered what scheme Hannah was considering. She obviously had a secret. Just like Mia.

Just like her.

There was much more going on in Chance Creek than met the eye.

By the time Cab drove up the long dirt lane to the Cruz place, the parking area was filled with vehicles, and when he entered the large house, conversation and laughter spilled over him. He stood for a moment unnoticed in the doorway and counted all the friends in the large open-plan interior. Ethan, Jamie and Rob stood clustered by the fireplace where flames danced and sputtered in the grate. Bella and Evan Mortimer sat side by side on one of the comfortable sofas, their knees touching. Claire sat opposite them, gesturing as she spoke. Morgan and Autumn stood behind the half-height kitchen partition, setting up the snacks. He was surprised to see that all of Rob's brothers had joined them tonight. He remembered a time not too long ago when Rob could barely stand to be in the same place as them. Things must have sorted themselves out between them now that it was clear who ran what over at the Matheson ranch. Rob and Morgan owned their section of Matheson land outright, along with a stake in the Cruz ranch. The other three Matheson boys ran the rest of their ranch jointly, overseen by their father, Holt.

Cab's eyes narrowed as he took in another couple; Hannah Ashton and Cody Frank. Since Hannah and Morgan became fast friends over the summer, she'd joined them a couple of times, but this was the first time she'd brought her boyfriend. Cab frowned. He didn't care for the man. Cody was a bit of a hotshot. Full of himself. Kind of an ass, if you asked him. Hannah was sweet and he hated to see her hitch her wagon to a man like that.

The door opened again behind him and he swung around to see Rose come in. She stopped in her tracks when she saw him.

"Hi," he said, trying to keep it casual. The last thing he'd expected this morning was her tirade in the parking lot. He still didn't understand what she was so upset about. By his way of thinking not only was it smart for him to make sure she got safely home-he saw enough in his line of work to know how dangerous the world was-it was also romantic. It showed he cared about her.

That certainly wasn't the way Rose saw it, however, so he would heed her request. He wouldn't follow her home next time. At least not closely enough for her to see him.

He smiled down at her now, enjoying the sweet curves of her figure and the way she looked back up at him, interest and suspicion warring in her eyes.

"Hi," she said and edged around him to enter the living room. "Hi, everyone," she called out as they both moved into the large, open space.

"See? What did I tell you? They're together," Rob said loudly, his voice cutting through every conversation in the room.

There was a hush as all eyes turned to them. Cab stifled the urge to strangle Rob, not an unfamiliar feeling since the man never missed a chance to create mischief. A glance told him Rose had gone pale. He also caught sight of her hand, however, where a certain ring finger no longer wore a ring. Hope surged through him. Had she broken up with Jason?

"I thought she was engaged," Jamie murmured to Ethan, but his voice carried in the sudden hush.

Cab winced. Awkward, to say the least. Rose stood rigid, her lips pursed together, but just as Cab moved to set things straight, she said loud enough for everyone to hear, "I've decided not to be with Jason anymore." She glanced at Cab. "I had some trouble at my place last night with Emory and Cab helped me out. He was checking to see how I was earlier when you saw us together, Rob. Cab's a good friend. I appreciate that."

After another awkward moment of silence, Autumn bustled over and took Rose under her wing, tugging her toward the kitchen where the rest of the women gathered around to question her. Cab shot an angry look at Rob, who ducked his head. He went to sit by Bella and Evan and hoped the rest of the evening would pass more smoothly.

"How are those bison doing?" he asked Bella.

For a moment she seemed confused. When understanding dawned, she laughed and said, "Still haven't managed to acquire any for my menagerie, but Hannah sure seems interested in them these days."

"Really?" Evan asked. "Bison?"

Cab still found himself wary around the billionaire, but Evan was proving to be a regular guy. A regular guy with wide interests and the money to fund investigations into many of them. The last he'd heard, Evan and Jake Matheson were putting their heads together to research ways to lessen cattle ranching's environmental impact.

"Yes," Bella said. "She's had a million questions about them this week."

"Odd," Evan said. "I do, too."

Bella looked at him askance. "Why?"

"I've read their meat is healthier for us than beef. And since bison ranged here long before we brought cattle with us, you'd think they'd do less environmental damage. It's one of the things I want to investigate with Jake."

"There are a few bison ranches to the west," Cab said. "Mostly for meat, but a few stock the animals so that big game hunters can come and hunt them."

Bella wrinkled her nose. "I don't get that. Where exactly is the sport if they're all penned in?"

Cab shrugged. "Beats me."

"It's all about the rush." Cody appeared suddenly in their midst. A stocky man of medium height, dirty blond hair and brown eyes, he sat down at the far end of the couch Cab occupied, his legs wide and a beer propped on the armrest. He wore faded jeans and a rumpled sweatshirt. Cab doubted he'd done anything to clean up for the gathering tonight. "It's just you and five thousand pounds of wild animal squaring off. It doesn't get any better than that."

Hannah came to sit on the edge of Bella and Evan's couch. She held a glass of soda with both hands, balancing it carefully on her knees. Her frown told Cab she didn't agree with Cody.

"But... you've got a gun, right?" Bella said. "So you're far enough away that the bison can't hurt you."

Cody waved that off. "Plenty of things can go wrong on a hunt. All kinds of things."

"Like what?" Cab asked conversationally. He didn't mean to rile the man, but he also didn't like letting him off the hook that easy. Something about Cody got under his skin.

"Like... your firearm could jam. Or you could... trip."

Somebody snickered. Cab thought it was Bella. She shook her honey-blond curls. "It doesn't seem altogether fair to me."

"Well, I'd like to see you come face to face with a bison. See what you think is fair then," Cody said. He shook his empty bottle and turned to Hannah. "Darling, you want to go grab me another?"

Hannah's eyebrows shot up and Cab was sure she would tell Cody where to get off, but instead she took a deep breath, let it out and stood up. "Sure, honey. Anyone else need a refill?"

The rest of them shook their heads, but Cab stood up, too, and followed her to the kitchen. He wanted to see how Rose was faring. She glanced at him over the other women's heads as he approached. "That's when Cab arrived and stopped me from murdering Emory," she said as if finishing up a long story.

"Thank goodness for Cab," Autumn said and smiled at him, flipping her long hair over her shoulder before reaching into the oven to pull out another tray of appetizers. Cab had liked her right away when she came to Chance Creek from New York City, and he was glad she and Ethan had hit it off so well. Now nearly six months pregnant, she glowed with good health, her belly noticeably rounded. It was no coincidence that most of their get-togethers happened at the Cruz ranch. Autumn was a born hostess and she never seemed happier than with a roomful of guests.

"Thank goodness for you," he said. "I didn't like the thought of Rose going back to the carriage house last night."

"There's always a room for you here, Rose," Autumn said.

"Have you talked to your parents at all about what happened?" Cab asked Rose.

She nodded. "They were pretty shocked. My Mom took Emory's side at first, but she backtracked pretty fast. Even she couldn't justify him burning my paintings. They don't like it that I'm moving out, though. Dad said he'll take Emory to see his family physician and get it taken care of. I told him you can't get something like that taken care of. It got pretty ugly. I think they think that since I'm marrying Jason, I should be Emory's nurse or something."

"But you're not marrying Jason, right?" Autumn said gently.

Cab flashed her a grateful look. Just what he wanted to say.

Rose looked down. "No, but I haven't talked to him yet. I will, though-tomorrow. I want to be single again. I want to be on my own. I don't ever want to be around a man who thinks he can tell me what to do again."

Claire snorted. "Better not ever get married then."

The other women chuckled.

Rose looked from one to the other. "Do you really believe that? Is it impossible to find a man who will mind his own business and let me mind mine?"

Autumn wrinkled her nose. "Would you really want that?"

"Yes," Rose was adamant. "I mean, what does some... guy... know that I don't know? Why should he have anything to say about what I do?"

"Well, maybe because he loves you?" Morgan said, leaning against the counter. She waved her Perrier. "Not that you have to listen to him or take his word for gospel," she added, "but if he's got nothing to say about anything you do, why be with him at all?"

Rose blew out an angry breath. "You don't get what I'm saying."

"Actually, I think we do," Autumn said. "Or at least I do. You live in the same town where you grew up, your parents are still alive and you've been living on a property your fiance's father owns. Plus your fiance's father is a busybody who has just about lost his mind. You haven't had time to discover who you are. You haven't really been out on your own. Now that you're ending things with Jason, you need to do that before you can become part of a couple again. Then you won't feel so overwhelmed by it."

Rose's face fell. "Yeah. I guess that's it. I tried to be independent before, though. I moved out from home, I got a job, but being engaged to Jason meant I lined up my whole life around his decisions, and with Emory being how he is I might as well have had a second set of parents living with me. I seem to attract people who want to tell me what to do."

She flashed a glance at Cab, and a weight settled in his chest. Did she mean him? He wasn't like that at all. Not usually.

Not all of the time.

"Oh, we all attract people like that," Claire said, her black bob swinging. "It's just some of us are better at telling them to go hang themselves."

"Like you," Morgan said to her. She turned to Rose. "If you want to learn from an expert, watch how she does it."

Claire made a face. "I don't think sticking up for yourself is easy for anyone, Rose. You just have to keep doing it anyway."

Cab was beginning to regret he'd ever crossed the room. Felt like a lot of anti-male sentiment in this corner. The way he figured it, if you saw someone making a mistake you ought to tell them. You didn't need to be mean about it, but a head's up sure didn't hurt. And if there was something you could do to prevent them from coming to harm, wasn't it your duty to do it?

Autumn handed him a beer with a smile, but he thought he saw pity in her eyes. He didn't like that one bit.

He retraced his steps to the opposite side of the room and took refuge among the men.

Chapter Nine

In the end, she stayed in Chicago overnight in a small hotel near the downtown area. Although she locked and bolted her door, and checked her windows several times, she found it hard to sleep more than a few minutes at a stretch. When she drifted off she saw Wahid, Abdul and Mehran again, walking down the aisle of the train, searching for her. In her dreams, she couldn't hide. Instead, she felt compelled to draw attention to herself. She tried to whisper and raised her voice instead. Tried to shrink among the other chattering women and ended up standing on her seat.

Each time she lurched awake her heart pounded as she clutched the covers to her chin, scanned the room for intruders, listened for footsteps out in the corridor. Sometimes she heard them, and she waited, breath held, until they approached, passed and drifted into the distance. When her alarm rang in the morning, her eyes ached and her head throbbed. She wasn't sure she could go on.

A hot shower helped. She unbraided her hair, washed it thoroughly, enjoying the spring scent of the hotel shampoo. She shaved her legs with the disposable razor she purchased the day before and used the blow dryer to dry her hair before neatly braiding it again.

She dressed in slim-legged trousers a shop attendant assured her were just the thing, pulled on an underwire bra a different attendant had held out for her inspection, and topped it with an eggplant-toned blouse and gray blazer.

"Something modest but classic," she said to each shop clerk in turn, in memory of the woman from the train station.

She pursed her lips as she pulled out a new wig-soft brunette hair in waves that fell to her shoulders. Its tones were still far lighter than her own dark tresses, but it wouldn't call as much attention to her as the blond wig had. She left the old one in the trash wrapped in a plastic bag and hoped no one would ever make the connection between the brassy blonde who checked in and the sober brunette who checked out.

"Hi Emory, it's Rose. I think we need to talk." She paced across the bedroom Autumn had assigned to her and stared out the window at the gray November sky. It would be cold again today, but at least it wasn't raining. Or snowing.

Emory sighed on the other end. "Let me guess. You're not coming in today, either."

"No, like I said yesterday, I won't work for you anymore."

"Some notice would have been nice."

"I'd have liked some notice before you burned all my paintings." She bit her lip and fought for composure. "I'll pick up the rest of my things later today. I don't feel I owe you any more rent since you destroyed my property. I won't come after you for damages, though, for my parents' sake."

"Rose..."

She cut him off before he could finish his sentence. His condescending tone made her want to scream; no way would she listen to him blame her for the way things had turned out. "I don't think there's anything more to be said, Emory. We're done now."

"What about Jason?"

Rose tried to answer him but couldn't find the words.

"He needs to be here. I need him here," Emory said. "Since you're abandoning me, I need my son. You're the one who drove him away; you need to bring him back."

"I didn't drive him away." That was rich, even for Emory.

"Why do you think he's been gone so long? Because you haven't acted like a fiancee should. Have you shown any interest in him? No. Have you made a home for him? No. All you've done is slouch around and play with your finger paints. No wonder he never wants to visit. You're a lousy housekeeper, a lousy cook and not fit to be in the same room as him."

"But..."

"I saw the way you mooned over the sheriff. You're probably two-timing my son along with everything else. You're humiliating him, that's what!"

Rose couldn't believe her ears. Emory was truly losing it. "None of that's true! You know..."

"All I know is that it's time to grow up, Rosie. Get rid of your little girl hobbies and go get my son. If you don't, I'll get right on that phone and tell him exactly what I saw happen between you and the sheriff."

Nothing happened, she wanted to say, but a memory intruded-Cab's arm tight around her shoulders. Her desire for him to kiss her. Her desire for more than that.

"I knew it," Emory said, seizing the chance her hesitation gave him. "I knew you were cheating on Jason. I'm going to call him right now."

"No!" Rose said. "No, wait. Emory, don't call him. You're right, I need to go and see him. I'll do it right away-tomorrow. We'll get everything sorted out, you'll see." She'd break up with Jason but she'd do it on her own terms. No way was she going to let Emory screw this up, too.

"Go today," Emory said to her.

Rose opened her mouth to contradict him, then changed her mind. Once she cleared out of the carriage house he wouldn't know what she was doing. She'd pack everything she could fit in the truck and haul it back here to the Big House, then spend the rest of the day finishing her tree house. She could drive overnight to North Dakota and confront Jason first thing in the morning.

"I'll come get my things right now," she said.

Four hours later, she handed the keys to the carriage house to Emory and prepared to leave. As soon as she'd told Autumn about Emory's ultimatum and that she wanted to retrieve her possessions as soon as possible, Autumn sprang into action, located a number of boxes and rounded up Ethan, Jamie and Rob to help her. Morgan volunteered, as well, and with four pickup trucks and a car between them, they made short work of the job.

Rose didn't bother to try pack neatly. She figured there'd be time to sort through her things later. She didn't have a ton of possessions, anyway. The kitchen table and chairs at the carriage house were Emory's, as was the sofa, easy chair, end tables and coffee table in the living room. Even the bedroom set was his. Apart from her desk and some bookshelves, she didn't own any large furniture. Everything else fit in boxes and bags.

Ethan offered her a space in one of the barns to use for storage. She labeled the boxes as best as she could and kept those things aside she thought she'd need during the next few weeks. Sooner or later she'd get a new apartment and settle in. Until then she'd live lightly in the Big House bedroom Autumn had assigned to her.

There were still a couple of hours of sunlight left when they finished, so she said thank-you to each of them and headed out to the tree house. Eager to make progress and forget all about Emory and Jason, she decided to tackle the roof.

Unfortunately, it proved harder than she'd thought.

First she had to build the trusses. She was gratified that by following the directions she'd found on the Internet, she'd managed to make all the angled cuts right on the lumber she needed to build them. One by one she assembled the triangular supports. Only then did she consider how she would get them on top of the walls.

Cursing beneath her breath, she lifted one experimentally. Much too heavy for her to perch up there all by herself and then hold in place while she attached it. She would need help. Cab would love to do it. So would Ethan, Jamie or Rob.

But that was just the point, wasn't it? She didn't want to ask them for help. She didn't want to be beholden to anyone anymore. And she sure as heck didn't want any of them to know what she was doing. Thank goodness none of them had questioned her about the so-called shed she'd been building, for that matter. She hoped they'd forgotten all about it.

Maybe she should ask one of her female friends. Not Autumn-she was pregnant, and Claire and Morgan were out for the same reason. So was Mia. Hannah frowned. She was surrounded by expecting mothers now that she thought about it.

That left Bella, who was much too busy, and Hannah-just as busy.

On a hunch, she called Hannah.

Hannah answered her cell phone quickly. Rose explained what she was doing, and taking a deep breath, swore her to secrecy. Then she told her about the tree house. When she tentatively asked for help with the roof, Hannah eagerly agreed.

"We're closing shop early today. Bella's off looking at properties again, so I can be there in a half-hour. Will that work?"

Squinting at the sun that was already getting low in the sky, Rose agreed. "Hurry if you can, though. We don't have much daylight left." She gave her directions to the woods, and told her how to pull her car behind the trees to hide it from the road.

Hannah was there in less than half an hour and with very little preamble they got to work. Hannah didn't seem surprised at all that Rose was building a tree house in Carl's woods. Instead, she appeared intrigued. More than once Rose caught her scanning the area around them, and she wondered uneasily what Hannah was thinking about. She remembered her asking if she ever wanted to get away from it all. Hannah and Cody weren't doing so well. Was Hannah planning an escape, too?

They struggled to lift the trusses into place, but with two ladders and a lot of swearing, they were able to do it. They braced each one and then attached them to the walls. Dusk was falling fast by the time the last one was in place.

"Do we leave them like this?" Hannah said, squinting up at the four triangles pointing up into the air once they'd climbed back down to the ground for the final time. They'd tacked on some clear plastic to hold out the weather, but otherwise the roof was unfinished.

"I guess. I wish we'd had time to put the plywood up, too. That would have made it solid," Rose said.

"Why don't we?"

"It's getting dark and when Cab gets home to Carl's he'll be able to hear us hammering."

Hannah checked her watch again. "In that case, we'd better head out."

"Thanks for coming," Rose said when they'd tidied up and returned to their vehicles.

"No problem. I love this." Hannah seemed reluctant to leave.

"Are you and Cody all right?" Rose asked tentatively as she carefully placed her tools in the truck.

"I don't know," Hannah said. "I really thought he was the one, but there are some things about him..." She shook her head. "Maybe I'm too picky."

"I don't know about that. When you choose a husband you want to get it right. You probably should be picky."

"What about you and Jason? Is that really over?"

Jason. She was supposed to be on her way to North Dakota right now. Rose grimaced at the thought of the trip ahead of her. "I don't know, either. I think so. I'm having a hard time getting up the nerve to tell him about it, though. In fact, I'm hiding from Emory right now. If you see him in town, tell him I've gone to North Dakota. In fact, tell everyone that. I'll head out as soon as I clean up."

Hannah looked at her sharply. "You're driving to North Dakota tonight?"

"I should." She sighed. "I don't want to, though."

"Then don't. Go get some sleep. Start in the morning. I don't like the idea of you driving overnight."

Now Hannah was going to tell her what to do? But Rose didn't feel like getting worked up about it. Somehow her friend's concern didn't annoy her the way Cab's would have. She chuckled. If he were here, he'd definitely agree with Hannah and that would piss her off enough to make her determined to do it anyway. She thought for a second, and decided she was determined to do it. She needed to get this whole mess settled.

"Rose?" Hannah said, looking shy suddenly. "Do you think... would it be okay if I built a tree house here, too? I could build it somewhere else in the woods-you wouldn't even have to see me if you didn't want to."

Rose hesitated, all thoughts of Jason gone. Did she want company out here? This was supposed to be her hideaway, somewhere no one would bother her.

"Forget it," Hannah rushed to say before she could answer. "It was a dumb idea." She turned to go.

"No!" Rose found herself saying. "I would like privacy, but there's plenty of room. You could build yours farther back from the road."

Hannah's face lit up. "Really? Thanks! I can't wait!"

As she watched her friend climb into her car, pull out and drive onto the road, worry knotted Rose's stomach. She hoped she hadn't just made a big mistake.

"More terrorists on the loose in Chance Creek?" Cab asked Tracey as he settled in a booth at Linda's Diner, sending a significant look toward the table where Kevin was holding court. It was dinnertime-did the man eat here three times a day? Well, why not? He practically did.

Tracey filled his coffee cup. "According to Kevin, they'll infiltrate the woods and hills first, then come into town when they've secured the high ground."

"What is it exactly that they want from us again?"

Tracey paused, hand on her hip. "I'm not sure. Our cattle? Do terrorists eat steak?"

"Sure. Everyone eats steak."

"You don't really think there could ever be terrorists in Chance Creek, do you?" Tracey asked. "I mean, that would be far too weird."

"No, I think we're safe from that particular menace," Cab assured her. He wasn't worried about terrorists at all, although come to think of it he should make sure his office's disaster manual included instructions for explosions. You never knew...

Rose worried him far more than the idea of some crazy foreigners running around the woods. He'd found it hard to sleep last night, thinking of what she'd said at Ethan and Autumn's place the other day.

She attracted people that liked to tell her what to do. That didn't describe him one bit. He just knew what the world was like and wanted to protect her. How was that bad?

"Hi, Cab. Mind if I join you?" Morgan paused by his table, shrugging off her thick coat.

"Go right ahead. How are things at the ranch?"

She shrugged. "Slow. There's not a lot for us to do now that the weather's turned cold. Next spring we'll be working like crazy to get the vineyard up and running, though, so I've decided to appreciate the time off. We helped Rose move her stuff yesterday. She's got some of it piled in an old barn for now. Poor thing. That Emory is really a character, isn't he?"

"That's one way to put it. How did she seem?"

"She's keeping herself busy. She was out all day. Now she's on her way to North Dakota."

"North Dakota?" Cab put down his coffee.

"She didn't tell you?" Morgan's eyebrows shot up. "I kind of wondered. Emory kept telling her to hurry up and get going when we were loading up her stuff. I guess she decided to get the whole breakup thing over with."

Cab didn't know which scenario he liked least: the one in which she went to North Dakota, or the one in which she didn't go. He didn't want Jason to get the chance to change her mind, but until she broke things off with the man, she wouldn't be free to date him.

"Is there something going on between you two?" Morgan asked.

"I wouldn't know," he said testily.

He and Morgan dropped the subject after that, and he managed to finish up his day without letting his feelings get the better of him, but when he pulled in to Carl's house it was all he could do not to kick to pieces the first Ming vase he came across. Rose hadn't even called to let him know she'd be gone.

She might arrive there with the best intentions, but would she be able to keep firm to her resolve when Jason took her to dinner, poured her a glass of wine and sweet-talked her? Was that why she didn't say anything to him before she left-because part of her still wanted to make it up with Jason?

The man would be an idiot to let a woman like Rose go. Look at all she'd put up with so far for him. Where else was he going to find someone so loyal? If he'd managed to string her along for this many years, what were the chances he'd let her go now?

Rose shouldn't have gone alone, either. She shouldn't have gone at all-not at night. For one thing, it was November. What if a storm hit? What if she went off the road? What if she stopped at a rest area and got attacked? Somebody ought to strangle Emory for even putting the idea into her head. Maybe he should put out an APB...

All right, now he was getting as crazy as Emory. Cab took a breath and tried to look at things objectively. Was Rose right? Was he too controlling?

When his phone rang, he grabbed it out of his pocket with relief, uncomfortable with that last bit of soul-searching. He didn't recognize the number and he hoped it was Rose. "Hello."

A young-sounding female voice answered him. "Is this Cab Johnson?"

"Yes."

A pause. "This is Mia Start. Is Rose there by any chance?"

Mia? He recalled the night he'd joined the two women for dinner at the Burger Shack. "No. I think she's in North Dakota, actually. I think she'll be back in a day or two."

"Oh," Mia said. "Really? We were supposed to have dinner tonight."

Right. He remembered them setting up the date. Rose must have forgotten. Just like she'd evidently forgotten their date to go shooting tomorrow.

"I'm not positive, but that's what Morgan said."

"Okay." Mia sounded forlorn.

"Is everything all right?" Cab asked her.

The pause stretched out longer this time. "Yeah. It's fine. I was just looking forward to it. Thanks for the information." She hung up before he could say anything else.

She was such a coward.

Rose had packed her bags, announced her plans to Autumn and Morgan, but before she'd made it thirty miles out of town she'd lost her nerve.

Jason was going to be angry. Really angry. Even if he wanted to call the engagement off as much as she did, she knew him well enough to predict he'd hate being dumped. She pulled in to the first rest area she came to on the highway, parked her car and sat lost in thought. What was the use of confronting him in person? Driving all night was stupid. When she arrived, he'd be just getting up and she'd want to go to bed. First she'd have to find him, of course. He'd moved recently and she hadn't visited him since. And what would she do after they hashed things out? Ask to stay the night?

No, she'd have one of two choices; find a hotel or drive straight back home. Neither one appealed.

Was it really so important they speak in person? Wouldn't it be easier for both of them to break up over the phone? Why not? After all, when was the last time he'd bothered to come see her?

Before she could change her mind she pulled out her phone and called his number.

"Hello?" Jason's deep, smooth voice caught her unprepared and for a moment she thought this was all a big mistake. Jason used to be her best friend-her rock-but that was so long ago. Things were different now, she reminded herself. They'd been different for months.

"Hi, it's me," she said.

"Rose?"

Why had he hesitated so long before saying her name? Was he expecting someone else to call? His other girlfriend? Probably. Jason Thayer was far too handsome to be lonely for long. She was naive if she thought he'd really stayed celibate all this time.

"Yeah. Listen, I think we should talk."

"About what?" He was instantly on guard and Rose realized he'd been like that a lot during their calls lately. When they actually spoke.

"About us," she said softly. "This isn't working."

It hurt to say the words, despite her certainty it was the right thing to do. While she didn't love Jason the way she used to love him, she still cared for him deeply. They'd been through so much together.

"Us?"

"Of course us."

"Rose..." He hesitated. Gone was the hard tone he used so often these days. In its place was uncertainty. "I know it's taking longer than I said..."

"It's not that. It's the distance between us. It's not the same anymore. We're not the same." Now that she had started, the words spilled out of her. "You used to call every day, Jason. You texted me all the time. You told me everything that was happening to you and you wanted to know everything about me, too."

"I still want..."

"Listen to me," she said, cutting across his words. "I can't wait anymore. I can't put my life on hold like this and I don't think we want the same things anyhow."

Jason was quiet for a long moment. "Is there someone else?"

She waited a beat too long. "No... of course not." But there was, and now he knew it, too.

"Hell."

She tried to picture him in his apartment in North Dakota, but she couldn't. She'd never been there. She'd gone to see him once or twice in the early days, but he'd moved several times since then. She'd always had the feeling he liked to keep her separate from his North Dakota life. Why was that?

"It's been months since you've come to see me. I figured you'd be happy if I broke things off," she said, putting all those feelings into words.

"Really? That's what you thought?"

"Yeah," she said, matching his anger. "What else was I supposed to think?"

"I hear about you from Dad, you know. So even if we don't talk, I know what's going on."

What did he mean by that? Had Emory told him about Cab? "Did you know your father burnt up half my paintings?" She didn't mean to lash out at him, but on the other hand she did, too. She was the one who stayed behind and worked day in, day out in his father's store and put up with all of Emory's craziness. Jason got to run around North Dakota answering to no one.

"He what?" The anger dropped from his voice, replaced by shock.

"Burned them. On a bonfire. After going through every last thing of mine. I moved out, by the way. I'm staying with the Cruzes now. I quit, too."

Another long pause. "When did all of this happen?"

"A couple of days ago."

"I told you not to move in with him, didn't I? Now you see what I mean."

She looked at the phone. Seriously? That was his response? Well, why not-it was about as helpful as anything else he'd said or done this past year.

"You know what, Jason? I don't need to talk about this anymore. We're done. Through. I'm sorry it didn't work out. I'll return your ring and we can pretend this never happened, okay?"

She ended the call before he could answer and turned her phone off, then stuffed it in the glove compartment for good measure. She turned the truck's engine on and revved it. Backed out of her parking spot and spun the wheel until she was headed back the way she'd come.

No sense driving to North Dakota now. She and Jason were done. Instead she stopped at a sporting goods store, picked up some supplies and drove carefully out to Carl's woods. Everyone thought she'd be gone for several days. If she went back to the Cruz ranch, Autumn and Ethan would be solicitous but they'd have questions, too, and she couldn't bear to answer questions. Worse, Cab might stop by and she wasn't ready to see him. For one night she wanted to be free of all entanglements. Her tree house was her best bet for that.

It didn't take long to pinpoint several flaws in its design and her plan to spend the night there.

First, at only six feet square, it was hardly big enough to stretch out fully on its floor. Thank goodness she hadn't had time to build the bench seat and desk yet, or she wouldn't have fit at all.

Second, she hadn't insulated the walls. Or the floor. Or nailed on a real roof for that matter.

Third, she hadn't installed a furnace, wall-to-wall carpeting, or most importantly, indoor plumbing.

Cramped, freezing, and desperately in need of a bathroom, Rose sat up around midnight and contemplated her surroundings. The windows let in a faint light from the stars above. Every chink and crack in the place let in ice-cold drafts that set her teeth chattering. Outside the night was very still, except for the muffled whoosh now and then of a car passing on the winding country road a quarter mile away.

She got out of her sleeping bag reluctantly and grabbed the flashlight she'd stashed near the door. She searched the small room until she found the roll of toilet paper, tucked it under her arm, kicked the sleeping bag aside, and opened the door.

She'd propped her ladder against the tree house until such time as she could build a better set of stairs and she struggled down it, the flashlight jammed in her pocket. On the ground, she pulled it out again, but took care to keep the light pointed straight down. She didn't want to risk alerting Cab, sleeping in Carl's house, of her presence.

As she picked her way through the frozen darkness, she couldn't help imagine Cab asleep in a nice, warm bed. Obviously her plan to stay here was idiotic; she should have simply slept in a motel. It was too late for that now. She couldn't risk starting up the truck and waking Cab.

She found a secluded, bushy area and raced to complete her task. Soon she was hurrying back the way she'd come. The dark woods around her pressed against her until she felt like she couldn't breathe. Anything might be hiding in them. Why did the way back seem to take so much longer than the walk out here? Spooked, Rose picked up the pace, the beam of her flashlight dancing on the ground ahead of her.

She breathed a sigh of relief when the ladder came into view. She scurried up it and back inside, shut the door and leaned against it. Propping the flashlight low on the floor where its light wouldn't be seen from outside, she opened her duffel bag and searched inside. She shucked off her jacket, pulled on several more layers of clothing, three pairs of socks, and put the jacket on again. She wrapped a scarf around her neck and pulled on a knitted hat. Back in her sleeping bag, she finally began to warm up, but with the hard floor beneath her and the large, dark woods outside, Rose knew she'd be lucky to get a minute of sleep this night.

Chapter Ten

After much discussion with a ticket agent at the train station and the helpful young couple who stood in line behind her, Fila realized she now needed to turn to a different form of transportation. She duly found herself several hours later ensconced in the comfortable seat of a Greyhound bus heading west for Montana via Wisconsin and Minnesota. She had one transfer in Minneapolis, but she'd been assured that would be a piece of cake. The ride would take almost exactly twenty-four hours. Time to catch up on some sleep.

She woke up when a young woman sat in the empty seat beside her and Fila fought down the panic that threatened to overwhelm her again.

"What station is this?" she asked, jerking upright in her seat.

"Tomah."

Fila checked her ticket. Still three hours to go until the transfer in Minneapolis. She settled back in her seat, but sleep eluded her again. Where were Wahid and the others now? Were they still searching for her in New York City, or had they somehow figured out where she'd gone?

She shivered and peeked over to see what her seatmate was doing. The young woman had withdrawn a tablet from her purse and held it on her lap. Fila had seen them everywhere since she landed in New York and she longed to hold one, too. To explore what it could do. The woman was watching a movie, with earbuds in her ears, so Fila couldn't hear what the actors said. She wished she had a movie to watch. Maybe then the time wouldn't crawl by so slowly.

As if hearing her thoughts, the woman glanced her way. She smiled, manipulated something on her tablet, paused the movie and removed her earbuds.

"Hi," she said. "I'm Catherine."

"Fila." Too late she remembered she was supposed to say Karen. Well, what were the chances of Wahid or the others meeting this Midwestern girl and actually speaking to her?

"Where you headed?"

"Montana. How about you?"

"Fargo, North Dakota," Catherine said. "I go to college there. Is Montana your home?"

"It's going to be," Fila said. A grin twitched the corners of her mouth. For the first time she believed it.

"I love Montana," Catherine confided. "I want to move there when I'm done with school." She looked Fila up and down. "How old are you?"

"Twenty-two," Fila said. Ancient in Afghani years-much too old to be unmarried-but just a child here in the United States.

"Me, too," Catherine said happily. "I'm in my senior year. What about you?"

"I haven't been able to go to college yet."

"Oh." Catherine seemed confused. "Where are you from? You have an accent I can't place."

Fila bit her lip. She wanted to be truthful with this bright, young girl, but she couldn't afford to leave a trail for the men to find.

"I'm from Syria," she said, figuring no American could tell the difference. She relaxed when Catherine took her answer on faith.

"Syria," she said. "Is that near Greece?"

On Saturday morning, Cab stood in the foyer of Carl's house, ready to head into town to grab some breakfast at Linda's Diner, when his phone rang. He was in a foul mood, unusual for him, but he'd let himself think that Rose was interested in him, and he'd let himself look forward to their date this morning. Knowing she was with Jason in North Dakota made him itch to strike out at something, and he wasn't that kind of guy.

Usually.

"Hello?"

"Cab? It's Rose. We still on for today?"

Cab pulled the phone away from his face, stared at it, then put it back to his ear. "You're in town?"

"Of course. I'm sorry I didn't call earlier, though. The last couple of days have been hectic."

"I figured you'd still be in North Dakota. I heard something about you visiting Jason."

A pause. "You heard wrong," she said finally. "So, do you still want to get together?"

"Sure." Of course. Just as soon as he got his mind wrapped around the fact she was here and wanted to see him. And that she hadn't gone to see Jason. "Are you at the Cruz ranch?" Had she been there the whole time?

"No." Rose took a breath. "I'm running some errands. I can swing by your place if you like."

Well, that was vague. "All right," he said slowly, deciding whether or not to dig for answers. "You can leave your car here and we'll head out to the hills together. I know a place where it's safe to shoot."

"Great. See you in a bit." She rang off before he could ask any more questions. Like, why did her friends think she was out of town? And, had she spoken to Jason?

Fifteen minutes later, his doorbell rang and he opened it to find Rose dressed in a pair of jeans, boots, a thick coat, hat, mittens and scarf. She looked a little less tidy than usual and wore no makeup today. Her hair, generally neat as a pin, hung loose around her shoulders in waves. Almost like she'd just rolled out of bed, Cab thought.

"Can I freshen up before we go?" she asked when he waved her in.

"Be my guest."

She kicked off her boots and he noticed their soles were caked with dirt. "Is it that cold out?" he asked as she unwound her scarf from around her neck.

"I just can't get warm today," she said.

"Coming down with something?" She certainly looked tired and when he touched her hand it was icy cold. "Hey, you better warm up for a bit before we go back outside. Come on." He led her farther into the house, pointed her to the bathroom and went into the kitchen to make her a cup of hot coffee. When she found him there a few minutes later, she hesitated in the doorway. "Have a seat," he said and waved her to a chair at the table.

"Thanks." She took the cup of coffee and wrapped her hands around it. "I'm not sick, I just didn't sleep well last night. Then I was outside for a bit this morning. The cold got into my bones, I guess."

"It'll do that," Cab agreed and sat down, too. "I'm not in any rush today, so you take your time."

"Thanks."

"Tell me-why do your friends think you're in North Dakota right now?" Cab knew he should probably mind his own business but he was singularly unable to do that where Rose was concerned.

"Because that's where I was headed. I changed my mind after I talked to Jason."

"Ah. How did that go?"

She made a face. "About as well as you'd expect. He blamed me for everything and claimed he was just as interested as ever in marriage, then got right back to the business of bossing me around."

"So, you're still together?" he asked cautiously.

"No. We're through," she said in a clipped voice.

He tried to squash the feeling of elation that filled his chest. Failed. "Where are you staying?"

She took a sip of her coffee. "I'd rather not say."

Cab looked up. "Why not?"

"Because I'd rather not." She met his gaze and held it. "You're my friend, Cab, not my father."

Damn. Here they were again. Did she not trust him or was there some other reason she acted so bull-headed around him? "I'm just curious. I'm not going to stalk you."

"You did follow me home the other night."

Cab shifted in his chair, frustrated. "I apologize for caring about your safety."

She took a breath. Let it out. "Look, Cab, I appreciate that you care about my safety. Right now I need to be on my own, though. I need to figure out who I am without a bunch of people trying to take care of me or tell me what to do. I'd like you to be my friend. Can you do that?"

He stifled all the words he wanted to say about safety in numbers, the fact he was a sheriff-and a man, for God's sake-and how he'd hate himself if anything ever happened to her that he could prevent. "Yes, I can." The sentence sounded about as strangled as he felt.

"Good. Now how about that shooting lesson you promised me?"

"Coming right up."

The pistol was far heavier than she'd imagined. Rose held it at arm's length, aimed, took a breath, and pulled the trigger as she exhaled.

"Better," Cab said, peering at the target. They stood in a canyon far from habitation where he'd set up a target a number of yards away. When they got to the canyon, he had put her through a lengthy safety spiel that only avoided being a snooze-fest because of Cab's inherently sexy voice. After that he'd allowed her to hold an unloaded pistol, and walked her through each step of loading it, releasing the safety, aiming and firing. In Cab's large hands, the pistol seemed like a toy and all the moving parts operated easily.

In her hands, it was unwieldy and the mechanisms hard to maneuver.

He was patient, she'd give him that. Several times she'd forgotten the rule against pointing the gun anywhere except at the target. She'd turned her head to speak to him and the pistol had turned with her. Each time he'd stopped her before she got very far, urged her to pay strict attention every moment it was in her hands, and listened to her response. The man was an excellent teacher.

She wished she were a better student.

The truth was being this close to Cab unnerved her in all kinds of ways. On an average day, she found him incredibly hot. But put a weapon in his hand and all those womanly fantasies about tough guys and heroes rolled into one in her brain. At one point he'd stood behind her, wrapped his arms around her and showed her exactly how to stand and hold the pistol. Her heart pounded the entire time and she barely heard his words over the roar of her blood in her ears. Even now that he stood several paces away she still felt warm and tingly all over. Firing the pistol was fun and exciting, but every move Cab made set her nerves on fire.

"That's probably enough for one day," he said a few minutes later. "Unfortunately, ammunition is expensive. Put the safety on, would you?" She did so, then handed him the pistol butt-first. "Come on, let's see how you did." He led the way to her target and they examined the holes her shots had made. "That's the way you want to do it," he said, pointing to a hole that pierced the outline of the male target right where his heart would be. "This one isn't bad, either." It had caught the man squarely in the forehead.

Rose shivered. "I don't think I could do that in real life."

"You have to be able to do anything in real life," Cab said, his voice going hard. "There are people out there that wouldn't think twice about doing it to you."

"Your job must be hard sometimes."

He nodded. "Especially lately. It's been a tough few months."

She reflected on that. "Because of the serial killer? You haven't talked much about that." Maybe he had to Ethan, Rob and Jamie. She supposed it wasn't party conversation. But would Cab talk over the details of his job with his friends? He kept things pretty close to his vest. He pretended to be so easygoing, but there were depths to him she thought a lot of people missed.

"Yeah, because of that."

"He's in police custody, though."

"I was there that day. Did you know that? When they found him."

Rose sucked in a breath. "No. You never said anything."

"I didn't want to talk about what I saw. I still don't. But I think I have to. Otherwise one of these days you're not going to forgive me for the way I act." He gave her a chagrined smile.

"I don't understand."

"Grady hacked Amanda Strassburg nearly to bits, Rose. She's still in the hospital recovering. I got there right after they found him. And her. The investigation had been going on for months; we thought we'd tracked him down. But the FBI guys wanted to catch him in the act. They knew he had her-they let him get her in his car." His voice had gone thick with emotion-anger and pain and frustration all mixed together. Rose held still, knowing he needed to say all of it. She was determined to hear him out, determined to be the friend he needed her to be. "They underestimated him. He got away-with her. And he cut her up like he was skinning a deer. I got there seconds after they found him-pure coincidence I was in the area. I didn't know what it was-what I saw on the ground. I didn't even recognize it. And then she moved."

Rose didn't think she'd ever move again. The picture he painted with his words was too horrific to be borne. She reached for him again but found she couldn't touch him.

"I see her at night," Cab went on, "when I try to sleep. I see..." He cut off and spun around, putting his back to her and she could see by the tightness of the muscles in his shoulders that he was physically struggling to get his emotions back into control. No, he hadn't told this to Ethan, Rob or Jamie. She knew that for sure. A few moments later he let out a ragged breath. "She's still alive, though. She's a fighter, that one."

"I'm sorry you had to see that," she said softly.

"That's my job." He faced her. "It's my job to keep people safe and in order to do that I have to think about what could happen-everything that could happen. I have to see shadows where they don't exist yet."

The tone of his voice told her he wanted her to understand and she did. At least she thought so. "That's why you followed me home."

"What if it had been you?"

Rose's heart squeezed at the anguish in his tone and for the first time she really thought about what it must be like for Cab. He was surrounded by problems and chaos every day at work. She sold engagement rings. The full force of what he shouldered suddenly became real to her in a way it hadn't ever been before. She was only responsible for herself. He felt responsible for everyone.

"I'm sorry I've been giving you such a hard time," she said, understanding now he hadn't been trying to control her, only to save her from the monsters he saw all around them. It didn't mean she would tolerate him babying her, but at least she could understand the impulse behind his behavior. "Thanks for taking the time to show me how to shoot."

He seemed to make an effort to shake off his heavy mood. "I can't believe you've never done it before. Not even a rifle?"

He'd asked the question before. Rose shook her head, knowing he needed this trivial conversation to bring himself back into the present moment. "Not even a rifle. Mom and Dad weren't into hunting."

"What about you? Want to try hunting sometime?"

Rose considered this. "Maybe," she said.

Cab chuckled and she was glad to see his sense of humor had returned. "I'll take that as a no. That's all right, we can find other things to do."

Oh, yes, Rose thought with a sudden surge of feeling. She was sure they could. Especially now that she was free from any kind of obligation to Jason.

"Can I make you some lunch?" he asked.

"Yes," she said before even thinking it through. She didn't want to be alone and she didn't think Cab should be alone, either. They both needed company right now. Besides, she enjoyed being near him way too much to back off now.

"Great." Cab smiled and she forgot everything else.

An hour later they'd returned to Carl's house, eaten soup and sandwiches and Cab was giving her a tour of the mansion. In some ways the grand home reminded her of Ethan and Autumn's Big House, but apart from its log construction and the oversized living room with its floor-to-ceiling windows, there wasn't a strong resemblance. Ethan and Autumn's home was always filled with people, happy laughter and chatter. This enormous house was as empty as a cavern and about as welcoming as one. Rose knew Claire had helped to decorate it, and everything was very expensive and tasteful, but she couldn't imagine people living in its rooms. The furniture was too pristine and decorative. There was none of the clutter one expected in someone's home. If an interior design magazine wanted to do a photo shoot right this minute, there'd be nothing to clean up or hide away.

After they surveyed the eighth bedroom, Rose smiled at Cab. "I'm not sure I need to see any more."

"Just one more room," Cab promised her. He took her hand and led her down the hall to another door they hadn't opened yet. Cab did so now as she warmed to the touch of his hand. Was he going to make a move? Did she want him to? Why was her heart beating so hard?

Because she was no longer tied to Jason and if Cab made a move she was free to respond to it. But should she? She wanted to learn to be her own woman and that was going to take time. She should be careful not to engage in any activity that led to falling straight into a new relationship.

As Cab led her forward into the room-a masculine space with heavy furniture and hunting trophies on the walls-all those rational thoughts fled her mind.

Smack in the center of the room stood a pool table.

And Cab was handing her a cue.

"We didn't get to play each other the other night," Cab said, pressing the cue into Rose's reluctant grip. He didn't look her in the face, afraid she'd remember how he'd met her gaze when Jamie joked about strip pool.

Afraid she wouldn't remember it at all.

Cab didn't kid himself that Rose would agree to such a thing, but he wanted her to know that he was ready for that kind of game any time she was. If Jason was out of the picture, he was ready to step right into it. Today they'd play a friendly game just like any two old friends might, but he hoped she'd think about other games they might play in the future.

"Ladies first," he said when she didn't answer. He racked up the balls for her, lifted the triangle away and stood back to watch what she would do next.

She slowly moved to take her place behind the table and placed the cue ball on the green surface. She leaned forward, allowing him a peep of cleavage beneath her sweater as she considered the table, lined up her stick, and took the shot.

One ball sank right away in a pocket. A second rolled close to a pocket, but didn't go in. Rose straightened and smiled. "Thank God I got one. I'm not very good at this."

"That was a good shot," Cab said. He rested his own cue against a glass side table, then unbuttoned the long-sleeved shirt he was wearing and shrugged it off, exposing the T-shirt he wore beneath it. He laid it carefully over the back of a nearby easy chair, turned and caught Rose's look. "What?" he said as innocently as he could. He knew they weren't playing strip pool. He was just planting the seeds, that was all.

After a long moment she said, "Nothing." She rounded the table and lined up to take the easy shot she'd gained from her last turn. It popped into the pocket and she glanced his way. Cab, who'd been standing with his hands shoved in his pants pockets, pulled out the handkerchief he carried in one, looked at it, then laid it on top of his shirt.

"Nice shot," he said.

Her gaze shifted from his face to the handkerchief and back again, and she moved around the table to try another shot. There were several possibilities Cab thought he could make in her position, but none of them were a sure thing. She selected one, lined up and went for it.

She missed.

Something tightened in Cab's gut as he waited to see what she did next. He didn't expect her to do anything but step back and allow him to take his turn, but he held his breath, hoping against hope. As the seconds ticked by, Rose fiddled with her pool cue and refused to look at him. Finally, with a sigh Cab stepped forward and surveyed the table for his best opportunity to score.

Just as he was lining up his cue, however, movement to his left distracted him. He looked up to see that Rose had skirted the table toward the easy chair. As he watched, she slipped off her heavy sweater, added it to the pile, then straightened the blouse she wore beneath it.

Heat flooded Cab.

Did she mean it? Did she understand what game they were playing? She still wouldn't look at him, and he refused to ask her point blank.

Only one way to find out.

He picked his next shot with more care than he'd ever wasted on a game of pool before. Even as he hit the ball he knew he would sink it. When he did he couldn't stop the grin from spreading across his face, but he knew that one wrong move could end this game before it really got started. He pretended he was engrossed by the arrangement of balls on the table, and never looked directly at Rose as she unwrapped the scarf she'd kept on after they got home and set it carefully atop her sweater.

Cab sunk the next ball and the next, and was gratified when Rose's belt joined the pile and then her watch. He sunk two more and her barrette and earrings joined them, as well. She could have counted each earring separately, he noted. He hoped the fact she'd added them to the pile as one meant she was enjoying this as much as he was.

He wanted to get her naked as quickly as possible, but he didn't want to scare her. Best to let her even things up a bit. He deliberately missed his next shot and took off his own belt. When she put the seven ball into the corner pocket, he shucked off his t-shirt.

Apparently the sight of his manly chest unnerved Rose-or maybe it was the way he flexed his muscles while reaching for his drink. Whatever it was, she missed the next shot and Cab felt like he'd reached the gates of heaven. He let the moment play out for a while, considering one shot and then another. When he sunk a ball, he stood up and waited to see what Rose would do.

This time she met his gaze, lifted her hands, and began to unbutton her shirt.

She was playing a game of pool with Cab Johnson, county sheriff, and she was half-naked.

Rose couldn't believe she was standing in her stocking feet in Carl's billiard room, her shirt off, her hair down, watching across the table as Cab lined up his next shot. His muscles rippled as he held the cue stick, planned his movements and then took the shot. Cab was one handsome man, and today he looked better than ever. When she'd taken off her shirt he'd given her that same calm, assessing look he always did, but this time his regard raked every inch of her skin like a burning brand.

Her lips parted as she watched him straighten the cue, and she drew in a breath as he sunk the ball again. She guessed if she was going to play with a superior partner, she'd better get used to ending up naked.

She could get used to ending up naked with Cab.

While the sheriff watched again, one hand on his hip, the other steadying his cue, she unhooked the button at the waist of her jeans, slid the zipper down and shimmied them off. She paced to the chair where they'd agreed without words to lay their clothes and added it to the growing pile. Thank goodness she'd put on a fresh, pretty pair of underthings this morning even though she'd had no shower and nearly froze to death in the minute it took to change. Their silky lines accentuated her curves. She had nothing to be ashamed of.

Still, she burned all over.

Cab shifted a little, trying to find a more comfortable position as he bent over the table to line up his next shot. Rose also looked a little uncomfortable as she stood across the table from him in her bra, panties... and socks. Interesting she'd chosen to take off her shirt and pants before the fuzzy striped things she wore on her feet. Maybe she didn't like cold feet.

Or maybe she wanted him to see the rest of her.

Should he miss this shot and get his pants off, too? It would be the gentlemanly thing to do, but Cab didn't feel much like a gentleman at the current moment. He lined up against the two ball and sunk it neatly. Waited to see what she'd do next.

And was rewarded when she reached behind her, undid the clasp of her bra and let it fall.

She bit her lip and straightened, still watching him. He wanted nothing more than to cross the room and take her into his arms. Hell, he could get the rest of her clothes off just fine, thank you very much. Still, this game heightened the sexual tension between them in a way he'd hate to throw away. He realized they hadn't spoken a word in several minutes.

They didn't need to speak, though, did they? Their actions got the message across strong and clear.

Cab lined up another shot and sunk it. Time to end the game. He hoped its conclusion would be the one he'd dreamed of. Rose let out a shaky breath he could hear across the room. What would she take off next? Panties or socks? She could draw this game out...

She hooked a thumb under the tiny waistband of her silk panties, gave it a tug and stepped out of them, dropping them to the floor. With a thudding heart, Cab set down his cue and crossed the room to tug her into his arms. He met her mouth with his and kissed her, desire flooding him until he thought he'd burst with it. Rose wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. When he gathered her to him, she parted her lips and let him inside. He had to hold back from crushing her against him, but they had time.

Plenty of time. He kissed her tenderly and thoroughly, enjoying the feel of her in his arms. Her lips were soft under his, her body soft against his hard muscles. He allowed himself to savor the taste of her, stretching out this moment he'd waited for so long.

Dragging himself back through sheer force of will, Cab pulled away and searched Rose's face. Everything there told him she wanted this as badly as he did.

"You won," she said with a shrug when he hesitated.

"What did I win?" he asked, his voice husky. He knew he was treading dangerous grounds, asking her to define what was happening between them, but he wanted to hear her answer badly enough to take the risk.

"Whatever you want," she said, a blush flooding her delicate skin. "Three wishes," she added, a playful smile curving the corners of her mouth.

Three wishes? Cab nearly groaned aloud with the possibilities. How far could he take this? Given the willingness with which Rose had played this game so far, he thought he could push her a little bit.

"Wish number one," he said and turned her around, guided her toward the pool table and placed her hands on its edge. He stood behind her as she leaned over the table, looking back at him uncertainly. "Not to make love," he assured her, taking a position behind her. "I just want to look at you. I want to feel you." As if he meant to frisk a perpetrator, he used his foot to nudge her stance wider. He used one hand at her neck to bend her farther over the table, the other to pull her hips against him. Could she feel his hardness through his jeans against her backside? He hoped so. He hoped she knew how badly he wanted her, how much he wanted to worship her body. With his free hand he began to stroke her; down her hip, over her ass, wrapping around to tease the sensitive skin of inner thigh, up and over her hip again, then her waist and up to brush her breast.

Rose moaned aloud as he traced the curve of it, then whimpered as his hand fell away. He repeated the process with both hands until she writhed against him each time he cupped her breasts from behind. He could smell the muskiness of her and he knew she was ready for him to take this further. One more caress over the length of her body, and Cab took one of her wrists, turned her around and kissed her again.

By the time they broke the kiss he was straining against the confines of his pants. Time to do something about that. He undid the button and zipper, shucked them off and tossed them aside, then followed their trajectory with his boxers and stood before Rose, as naked as she was.

Her gaze dipped to take him in then rose again and her cheeks pinked even more. "Ah, Rose," he growled and tugged her toward him. "Wish number two," he said and pushed lightly on her shoulders. Rose dropped to her knees without any need for further explanation, and grasped him in her hands as if she was as eager for this as he was. He held his breath. His reward came swiftly as she leaned forward, her full breasts dipping and swaying with the movement, and took him into her mouth.

Cab couldn't believe the way this was playing out. He didn't know how he knew this would be okay with Rose, but he had the feeling he could do no wrong today. They were in sync with each other in a way he'd never been with a woman before. Rose took her time with him, letting him know this was no chore for her, but a pleasure. The way she moved her body along with her mouth was a feast for his eyes. He wrapped a hand in her hair, guided her movements and shut his eyes in the face of unbelievable pleasure.

When Rose wrapped her arms around him, taking hold of his ass and bringing him deeper, he thought he'd died and gone to heaven. He was so close... so close...

But he wasn't going to finish this way. Not today.

Reluctantly he pulled back and gently helped her to her feet. A glance around the room told him none of the furniture in here was good enough for his first time with his Rose. He scooped her into his arms, strode out of the room and into his bedroom, where he deposited her gently on the silky comforter of his bed.

Rose stretched out, languorously lifting her arms over her head, and watched him as he climbed atop of the bed and moved to cover her.

"You're beautiful," he said, pinning her wrists with his much larger hands. "Is this all right?"

She nodded and the knowledge that she trusted him-in this at least-set him on fire all over again.

"Are you sure?" He waited for her answer.

"Yes."

Rose couldn't believe how wanton she'd been this afternoon. Joining the game that Cab started. Stripping off her sweater, then her blouse, then her bra, then everything else.

Baring herself to him.

Granting three wishes to him.

Then playing along with each of them without even thinking twice. Now Cab hovered over her, asking her to give him permission to make love to her. She didn't have to think twice about this, either. She knew what she wanted.

Him.

When he pinned her wrists to the bed, she felt no fear; instead she felt worshipped, adored, cherished. Cab would never hurt her, she knew that to the core of her being, and that gave her the freedom to give him reign over her entire body.

"Yes," she said again, hoping he understood all that she meant to grant him. He reached for the side table, flicked open a drawer and pulled out a condom. After another moment he had it on and hovered over her again.

When he used his knee to nudge her legs open wide, Rose closed her eyes and waited breathlessly. Cab didn't disappoint her. His hardness nudged at the core of her, pushed inside a little, withdrew, and pushed inside some more.

Damn it, why was he being so gentle? She wanted all of him. Right now. She wanted it so badly she couldn't wait another minute. Her breath expelled in a rush when he bent his head and took one nipple into his mouth. He sucked it to a stiff peak, then transferred his attention to the other one. Down below, he withdrew from her again.

Rose whimpered in disappointment and Cab chuckled above her. "What's wrong?" he asked softly and she opened her eyes.

"I want you," she said, brimming with frustration.

"Like this?" He nudged her a little. She nodded.

"This?" He pushed inside a little more. She nodded again, her breasts rising and falling with her quickening breaths.

"What about this?" He pushed into her all the way and Rose arched back. Now Cab held nothing back, stroking in and out of her, crushing her under his weight, surrounding her with his arms as he stoked the fires within her to a raging blaze.

"Please," Rose gasped out when she thought he might slow down again. She spread her legs wider, lifted her hips to meet his and cried out when he increased his pace. She'd never felt so filled by a man, so worshipped by one. Never felt so possessed.

Cab slowed down and timed his strokes long and even. Rose came to herself a little more, opened her eyes and warmed to see him gazing back at her. He watched her watching him as he sped up a little and then a little more. Rose, mesmerized, couldn't look away. She wanted him to see how utterly open to him she was. Wanted him to know how she felt.

She kept her gaze locked on his, even when he picked up speed and his strong strokes set her alight. Even when she arched and writhed with each of his movements. Even when one last, deep stroke brought her over the edge and she cried out. Cab was fast behind her, his own grunts of pleasure mixing with hers. He drove into her with unbridled passion and she met him stroke for stroke, calling out again and again until he'd wrung every ounce of passion from her. With a final grunt, Cab shuddered against her, and collapsed on top of her, pinning her to the bed.

Rose welcomed his weight, welcomed the reminder of how tightly they had joined. She wrapped her arms around his waist and relished the feel of his skin under her fingers. A moment later he pushed up on one arm, allowing her to breathe more freely. "Was that okay?" he asked softly, tracing a finger around one curving breast.

She shivered at his light touch. "More than okay."

"I didn't hurt you?"

"No." A smile curved her lips. "That definitely did not hurt."

"Good," Cab said, and turned on his side, pulling her close against him. As his arm went around her, she relished the solid feeling of his chest under her cheek. She could hear his heartbeat again and it was as strong as last time. Cab was a man to depend on.

A man she could love.

He stroked her hair as she stilled and considered that thought. Could she love Cab?

Should she?

Hadn't she just broken off her engagement with Jason? Wasn't she supposed to take some time to find herself? What happened to all her clear-headed thoughts about spending time alone, finding a new job, devoting herself to her painting, and creating her own life before she became part of a couple again?

And here she was in Cab's bed not a full day after splitting up with Jason. Was she one of those women who couldn't be alone for a minute? What was wrong with her?

It felt so good to be here, though. So right. Cab wasn't Jason-he wouldn't abandon her.

But he could easily dominate her. Not in a crazy caveman way, but because he was such a strong-willed, powerful man with an urge to keep her safe from the evil that he knew all too well lurked in the world. How could she maintain her boundaries with a man like that? Especially when he was sexy, intelligent, and drove her crazy with longing for his touch?

As her heart rate slowed and her mind cleared, she realized she was following a very familiar pattern. As soon as she broke free from one strong-willed person in her life, she found another one to step in and take over. If she dated Cab, would his controlling behavior escalate? Would he use his dealings with criminals on the job as an excuse to tell her what to do the way Emory had used his OCD tendencies?

And what about school? Now that Jason wasn't in the picture anymore, this was her opportunity to go. All the money she'd saved in an account toward their wedding and home could be put to use securing her education. Would Cab stand in the way of that?

Suddenly, Cab's muscular body half-draped over her felt confining. She wiggled to create some space between her and Cab, but he just snuggled her closer. She wiggled again. "Cab?"

"Hmm?"

"I need to go."

He shifted a little. "Bathroom's just down the hall."

"I know," she said, but she took the opportunity to slide out from under his arm and off the bed without clarifying what she meant. Glancing around, she realized she had no clothes in here; she'd left them in the billiard room. She grabbed one of Cab's flannel shirts that hung from his closet doorknob and threw it around her shoulders. Its tails fell practically to her knees. Scooting out the bedroom door, she retraced their steps to the billiard room and stopped in the face of their earlier games. Most of her clothes were still piled on the armchair. The rest were scattered about the floor.

Cab had bent her over that pool table. She'd knelt over there beside it and taken him into her mouth.

She blushed a little to think how she'd bared herself entirely to him and how the whole experience had thrilled her to the core. She liked Cab a lot and she wanted to explore a relationship with him. Still, she needed him not to overwhelm her newfound independence.

She dressed herself in a few moments, moved out into the kitchen and collected her purse. She hesitated, not knowing what to do next. If she returned to Cab's bedroom she had a feeling she'd find it hard to ever leave. On the other hand, she had to say good-bye and tell him clearly what she wanted. To date. To get to know him. Maybe more.

It occurred to her now that so far she and Cab had done everything out of order. First she needed to make a plan for her life and get over Jason. Then they should date a while. Only after they'd spent time together should they tumble into bed.

Too late.

"Where are you going?" Cab leaned against the doorway to the kitchen. He'd found his jeans, or maybe grabbed a new pair, but his feet were still bare. So was his broad chest.

"I... don't know," she said. "I need to... do something."

He waited for her to go on and when she didn't, he said, "Did we just ruin things, Rose?"

"No!" She hadn't meant to blurt it out like that, but she didn't mind when Cab smiled.

"I'm glad to hear that."

"You remember what I was talking about with Autumn and Claire and Morgan the other day?" She twined the strap of her purse in her fingers anxiously.

"About attracting people who boss you around?"

"Yes." It warmed her that he knew exactly what she meant. Cab was observant, and it seemed he'd been observing her for a while. "It's because I don't know who I am yet. I don't have my boundaries set up."

"And that's why you're leaving?"

She nodded. "So I can work on setting them up."

He scratched his chin. "I don't suppose you'll let me help you, either?"

"That's kind of the whole point of boundaries," she said. "To keep people on the other side."

"I'm glad you let me inside your boundaries just now," he said, the corners of his mouth turning up.

"Yeah, well... I'm glad, too," she said softly.

"Come here." He straightened up. Rose went to him and leaned against his bare chest as he enfolded her in an embrace. "You really do attract people who tell you what to do, don't you?" He chuckled. Rose swatted him.

"If they tell me what to do and it's what I want to do anyway, then I don't mind doing it."

"Spoken just like a woman." He leaned back to get a better look at her. "Do you really have to go? I could be up for another game of pool."

"I just bet you could." Rose gave him one last kiss and pushed him away. "I really have to go."

"When will I see you again?"

She glanced around, realizing she had another icy cold night ahead of her in her tree house, and she'd have to rush to get more supplies down the highway if she wanted to get back before dark. Should she just stay here with Cab and forget all about establishing her own identity?

No. What Autumn said was true. First she had to find herself. Then maybe someday she could give herself heart and soul to Cab.

Chapter Eleven

Fila was disappointed when Catherine left the bus in the wee hours of the morning to head back to her college. She missed her company. She envied her, too. From her descriptions, Catherine's life sounded like a heavenly mixture of learning and carefree playtime. She attended classes, studied in her afternoons, then went dancing, or to concerts, or to plays or to dinner. A whirlwind of parties and social occasions.

All that had been taken from Fila when she'd left for Afghanistan. She hadn't attended school since she was twelve. She knew she must be as ignorant as a child compared to someone like Catherine. Would she someday go to a college or university? She didn't see how; first she'd have to catch up with all the other students who'd graduated from high school. Traveling across North Dakota, the gray skies outside her window matched the fears and sorrow within her heart. What if this was all for nothing? What if no one in Montana would help her? What if the United States wasn't her home anymore?

What if Wahid found her?

At a small station in Dickinson, North Dakota, a new bunch of passengers boarded the bus and a man in a tan cowboy hat paused in the aisle next to Fila's row, stowed his duffel bag on the rack above them, sat down heavily in the empty seat beside her and rested his hat in his lap.

Fila cringed away from the cowboy. It was the first time a man had done such a thing since she stepped onto the AirTrain at JFK airport. She'd always tried to sit near other women, and when she hadn't, no man had taken the empty seat next to her. Now what should she do?

A quick glance around the bus told her she had no options. There were only a couple of empty seats left, situated next to men who looked less trustworthy than this one. She inched as far away from him as she could get in her seat and clasped her fingers tightly together in her lap. There were still almost five hours to go on this trip. Could she survive that long sitting next to this... man?

"I don't bite," he drawled, startling her. He cocked his head and looked at her. "I mean it. I don't bite. You can relax over there. In about five minutes I'll be asleep and the only thing you'll have to worry about is if my snoring keeps you awake." He smiled at her and it wasn't the lascivious grin of a man with mischief on his mind. It was a friendly smile, although he looked somewhat strained. Like maybe he hadn't gotten much sleep recently. Fila relaxed a little bit, but only a little bit.

"I'm heading to Billings," he added. "After that you'll be quit of me."

"That's where I'm going," she said, then bit her lip. Why had she suddenly developed this bad habit of blurting out facts no one else had the right to know?

"Usually I drive myself, but my truck's in the shop, and I couldn't wait anymore." His face fell and he smoothed the brim of his hat with a thumb and forefinger. "Nope, need to go home and see things for myself."

"Your home is in Montana?" Fila asked, surprising herself. When was the last time she'd questioned a man? Her Taliban relatives in Afghanistan wouldn't stand for it.

He nodded after a moment. "My father is there. So is my fiancee. My ex-fiancee, I guess." He sighed heavily. Looked her way again. "Name's Jason. Jason Thayer." He put out his hand.

She shook it uncertainly, almost paralyzed when she couldn't remember the proper etiquette for this situation. Did American women shake hands? Of course they did. Right? Yes.

Jason's hand enveloped hers, warm and dry and strong. He shook her hand and let it go, as easy as that. Fila felt a resurgence of confidence.

"And you are..." Jason prompted.

"Fila." Surely this close to her goal she could use her name without fear. Or maybe not. Had she just compromised herself?

"What sends you to Montana? Family?" He seemed eager to talk. Perhaps eager to distract himself from thoughts of the woman who was no longer his fiancee.

"I'm going to meet someone who's been very special to me. Someone who helped me," she said.

Jason sat back. "Sounds like there's a story there."

She allowed herself a small smile. "There is. Unfortunately I can't share it." Did his shoulders slump? Had he wanted to know more about her? Somehow the idea of catching a man's attention thrilled her just a little bit. Scared her, too. Back in the village men ignored her utterly, or if they didn't, it meant trouble. "I'm not sure if the woman I'm going to see wants me to tell it."

"Fair enough."

She searched for something else to say. "Tell me about your fiancee."

It was the right question to ask. Jason launched into a detailed description of a woman named Rose Bellingham, his high school sweetheart. "We grew up together in Chance Creek. I've known her since I was five years old..."

Fila didn't hear any more past Chance Creek. This man was from Chance Creek. He was going there now. As long as she stuck close to him she'd reach her destination.

"Tell me, have you heard of Aria Cruz?" she interrupted him, all thoughts of keeping her plan secret fleeing from her mind. "Do you know her daughter?"

"Claire? Sure, I know Claire. And Morgan, too."

Fila began to cry.

"What gives with you and Rose?" Jamie said. He, Cab and Ethan stood beside a corral on the Cruz ranch, blowing on their hands and watching Rob put a gelding through its paces. Jamie usually took first crack at the new horses they acquired, but this one was meant for the rodeo, and the rodeo was Rob's department.

"We're friends," Cab said. He tried hard to suppress a grin. Failed.

Ethan chuckled. "More than friends, maybe?"

"Maybe," Cab conceded. He wasn't one to kiss and tell, but this one time he wished he could. What a story he had. Better than any of the tall tales Rob and Jamie had swapped over the years.

"Not that it's any of my business, but what about Jason?" Jamie said, resting a boot on the lowest rail of the corral.

"That's over."

"Happy to hear that. It's about time you found yourself a woman."

"Are you all talking about Cab and Rose?" Rob shouted from atop the gelding. He reined it in to a stop. "Don't talk about Cab and Rose without me!"

Here it comes, Cab thought.

Rob urged the gelding closer to the fence. "Jason's going to have something to say about the two of you when he gets home."

"He's not coming home," Cab said. "Rose broke up with him."

"You sure about that? It's almost Thanksgiving. Jason might stay away the rest of the year, but he's always home for Thanksgiving."

"How the hell do you know that?" Jamie said, cocking his hat back to reveal his untidy dark hair.

Rob tapped a finger to his temple. "My mind is like a steel trap. I remember everything."

"You remember everything?" Ethan said, straightening. "You sure about that?"

"Positive."

Ethan held up his left hand, tapped his watch. "Remember what time you're supposed to meet Morgan?"

Rob glanced at his own wrist. "Shit. Jamie, take over."

Jamie climbed the fence with alacrity and dropped into the corral. A minute later he sat atop the horse and Rob joined them outside the enclosure. "If Morgan calls, I'm on my way," he said and slapped Cab on the shoulder. "Don't worry. If it comes down to a fight between you and Jason, my money's on you."

"Thanks," Cab said as he and Ethan watched him take off toward the driveway in a loping run. Soon his Chevy pulled out into the lane in a cloud of dust.

"My money's on you, too," Ethan said. "Not in a fight, but as the better man for Rose."

"That right?" It meant a lot to him to have Ethan on his side.

"She belongs here, not in some oil town in North Dakota. Besides, I've seen how she looks at you."

Cab glanced at him in surprise. "Looks at me?"

"Yep." Ethan grinned.

"The thing is," Cab said, willing to discuss this only with Ethan; not with Rob or Jamie. "She keeps talking about needing to find herself. She says she doesn't want a man who'll tell her what to do."

Ethan rested his elbows on top of the fence and considered this for a moment. "Uh oh."

"Uh oh?" Cab was taken aback.

"In my experience, when a woman starts talking about finding herself, she's ready to make a break for it."

Cab figured he was talking about Lacey Taylor, the woman who'd broken his heart before he met Autumn. "If she's ready to make a break for it, then why'd she hook up with me at all?"

"That's a good question," Ethan said. "Autumn was talking about something the other day." He squinted as he searched his memory. "Right. She was worried about Rose going straight from Jason to you. I didn't think much of it at the time." He shrugged. "I figured Rose spotted the better man and switched horses mid-ride."

"Autumn thinks Rose should have taken a break first? Spent some time on her own?"

"I reckon that's about the size of it."

Cab heaved a sigh. He wanted Rose right now. He wanted her in his bed tonight and every night. He didn't want to wait while she discovered herself. She could do that right alongside of him.

"Why not let Rose take the lead for a while?" Ethan suggested. "See where she takes you?"

He supposed he'd better do just that.

But he didn't have to like it one little bit.

"Thanks for picking me up," Mia said as she climbed into Rose's truck and shut the door.

"I'm so sorry I stood you up last night." Rose started the truck and backed out quickly, eager to get out of the center of town before Emory spotted her.

"That's okay," Mia said, but Rose knew she'd disappointed the girl. She meant to make up for it now. She'd remembered Mia as she pulled out of Cab's place, and called her immediately, full of remorse. She might be going through major life upheaval, but Mia was dealing with an unplanned pregnancy at twenty-one. That was much worse. She invited Mia to come along with her to a town some miles down the road to buy more supplies and then eat out together.

As Rose pulled onto Highway 90, Mia stared out at the passing scenery. Fall was rapidly verging into winter and Rose shivered at the thought of another night in the tree house.

"We'll have to hurry to get all your shopping done before the store closes," Mia said. "How come you didn't want to shop in town?"

"It's a long story," Rose said.

"We have a long drive," Mia pointed out.

Rose frowned. "The short version is I split up with Jason and got in a fight with his father, and I don't want to see him or my parents until I've figured out exactly what I'm going to do next."

"You're not wearing your ring anymore." Mia leaned forward to look at Rose's hand on the wheel.

Rose fought the urge to hide it in her pocket. "No. We're over."

Mia flipped her straight dark hair over her shoulder. "Wow. I thought you two would get married for sure."

"So did I up until recently."

"What are you going to do now? I mean, will you still work for Emory? Will you still live in his carriage house after you tell him?"

Rose's shoulders slumped. "No, I've already quit and moved out."

"Where's your new place?"

"I'm staying with Autumn and Ethan... most nights."

Mia waited for her to elaborate. Rose was beginning to think this whole trip was a bad idea.

"It's okay if you don't want to tell me," Mia said after a pause and turned to look out the window again.

"It's not that... it's just I don't want people to know where I'm staying. I don't want Emory to know. Or my parents. Emory flipped out and burned a bunch of my paintings, if you can believe it. I'm afraid he might come after me again. And my parents..." She trailed off, not knowing exactly how to put that into words. "They'll just tell me what to do."

"I totally get it," Mia said.

Rose realized she probably did.

She was relieved when they pulled into the parking lot of a sporting goods store. Mia trailed Rose through its wide aisles, but didn't say a word as Rose loaded her cart with a down sleeping bag, thick sleeping mat, a better winter jacket and wool socks. After some thought, Rose added a small propane-powered heater, a camp stove, a pot and pan, and a small assortment of utensils to her load. When she circled around and grabbed a second down sleeping bag, Mia laughed out loud.

"What?" Rose turned on her.

"You're squatting."

"Huh?"

"You're squatting on someone's land. Or is it state land?" Mia looked at her, admiration plain on her face.

"Mia..."

"Rose, I won't tell anyone. Heck, if anyone knows how to keep a secret, it's me," she said, resting a hand on her belly.

She had a point. "All right. I'm squatting. In the woods outside town."

Mia nodded. "I knew it. And that lumber you bought last week? You're building a cabin? You've got balls."

"I built a tree house, actually. I'm beginning to think I might need to expand it." Rose clamped her mouth shut before any other words could spill out.

"A tree house." The longing was clear in Mia's voice. "I always wanted a tree house."

"Me, too," Rose realized. It had never even occurred to her to build her hideaway on the ground.

"Rose," Mia began. She stopped in the middle of the aisle and put a hand on Rose's shoulder to stop her, as well. "I could use a place like that. Somewhere to escape. No, hold on," she held up a hand to prevent Rose from speaking. "I know it's a lot to ask, but with the baby coming things are going to get pretty hard on me. My parents... they're pretty religious. It's going to kill them when I begin to show. A few years back this other couple from church-friends of theirs-had a son who got some girl pregnant and refused to marry her. Every one acted sweet and charitable to their faces, but whenever they weren't around people gossiped like crazy. They stopped getting invitations anywhere. They weren't picked for church committees. All their so-called friends dropped them like hotcakes, even Mom and Dad. I know it killed my mother, but she knew if she didn't go along with it, everyone she knew would drop her. She couldn't bear that." Mia shrugged miserably. "Now it's going to happen to her, anyway."

"Oh, Mia, I'm so sorry. That sounds awful." Rose only attended services sporadically, but she couldn't imagine such things going on at the simple church Reverend Joe Halpern oversaw. "Which congregation is that?"

Mia mentioned the name of one of the churches on the outskirts of town, a more conservative denomination. Rose shook her head. The behavior Mia had described didn't belong in any house of worship.

A tear leaked out of Mia's eye. "I don't know what I'm going to do. Please, can I build a tree house, too? Just to get away sometimes and be by myself? A place where I can still dream it's all going to be okay?"

Rose knew she needed to get Mia out of the store before she broke down completely. "Okay," she said, almost cursing the day she'd ever befriended the girl. Now there would be three of them going in and out of Carl's woods. What were the chances Cab wouldn't discover them?

And how was Mia going to afford the supplies, anyway?

As if she'd read her mind, Mia wiped her eyes on the sleeve of her shirt. "I won't even have to buy the wood. We've got a whole shed out back at home filled with it. If you'll tell me what I need, I'll load it up and bring it out tomorrow. Where's your tree house again?"

"In Carl Whitfield's woods," Rose said, her heart sinking. This wasn't going to end well. It couldn't.

"Carl's woods." Mia looked thoughtful. "I bet you can pull right into the trees and hide your truck. I've got this huge old tarp, too. My dad used to use it as a makeshift garage before he built a real one. I'll bring it when I come out. Once I pull in behind some trees and cover my car, no one will know it's there."

Her foresight relieved Rose a little. Maybe they'd pull this off, after all.

Twenty-four hours had gone by since Rose walked out of his house-well, out of Carl's house-and Cab hadn't heard a word from her. How long was he supposed to wait before he made his next move?

When she'd left his bed the previous afternoon, he'd still been in a daze from their unexpected and mind-blowing encounter, but when evening slipped into night and the minutes ticked on without her calling or even texting, he realized she wasn't coming back any time soon.

He'd tossed and turned all night, and even got out of bed now and then to check out his window. He'd had the unsettling feeling that something was out there, but he couldn't see anything. All he had to go by was a hunch that something wasn't right.

Rose wasn't sleeping with him; that's what wasn't right. Why hadn't she come back? Was she too busy finding herself to give him a call? Why couldn't they just jump over all this relationship gobbledygook and get right into the good stuff? She could move in with him, they'd divide the chores. At night they'd cuddle up, take in a show or two, and then hit the hay.

After a few hours of fooling around, of course.

Sounded like heaven to Cab. Only Rose apparently didn't agree.

By Sunday afternoon, Cab had enough of Rose's silence. It galled him to think she could sleep with him and then walk away while he couldn't think about anything else. It galled him he didn't even know where she was staying-she wasn't at the Cruz ranch. What was up with that?

He decided to find out. He dialed her number and was relieved when she answered promptly.

"Hey, Rose," he said and realized he hadn't planned any further than that.

"Cab? Is that you?"

"Yeah. Where are you?"

"Um... at a friend's," she said, after waiting a beat too long. He figured if he could see her she'd be biting that bottom lip of hers. What was she hiding now?

"Want to get together tonight?"

"Um... tomorrow night is better. Does that work for you?"

He guessed it had to. "Sure," he said, although he wanted to ask what was wrong with today.

"What time?"

"Five o'clock?"

Another pause. "How about six?"

"Fine. Where can I pick you up?"

"I'll meet you. How about The Robin's Nest in Silver Falls?"

"Silver Falls? That's a bit of a drive." Practically all the way to Bozeman.

"I don't want to run into Emory in town."

"It'll save some gas if I pick you up," Cab tried again. Why was she being so cagey about her location?

"Nah, that doesn't work for me. See you there at six." She hung up on him before he could answer.

He tucked the phone back in his pocket, disappointment weighing heavy in his gut. As much as he liked Rose and as much as he wanted this to work, he couldn't handle the way she was giving him the runaround. He'd have to confront her tomorrow night; ask her how she'd spent her day and where she planned to sleep. He didn't like secrets and he didn't like the sense that something was going on he didn't understand.

Meanwhile, he wasn't going to hang around here by himself anymore. Grabbing his coat, he drove to the Cruz ranch to distract himself with a visit to his friends. He met up with Jamie when he parked in the driveway.

"Have you seen Rose today?" he asked as soon as he got out of his truck.

"No. I figured she was with you."

Cab shook his head. "She stayed somewhere else last night." He outlined the sequence of events and told Jamie his plan to confront her about her activities.

"Man, you suck at this stuff, don't you?" Jamie leaned against his truck.

"Care to elaborate?"

"Don't get your back up, I'm just telling it how it is." Jamie clapped him on the shoulder. "Look, Claire's been talking nonstop about you and Rose. She says you're going to blow it if you push her too hard."

"I'm not pushing her. I just want to know what she's doing."

"What damn business is it of yours? Do you think she's sleeping around on you?"

"No." He didn't. Nothing in Rose's behavior led him to believe that.

"Then screw the rest. Buddy, you've got a good thing there. Don't mess it up because you're a control freak."

"What the hell did you just call me?"

"Control. Freak." Jamie straightened and led the way toward the barn. "You always have to know everything and you always need everyone to do things your way."

"Now that's just not true," Cab said, stung by his friend's summation of his character. "I'm the laid-back one of the group."

Jamie snorted and led the way inside. "Rob's the laid-back one, Ethan's the responsible one, I'm the good-looking one and you're the control freak."

"Hell, no." Cab stopped short. "I am not the control freak. I'm the strong silent type that cleans up the messes the rest of you make."

"Whatever." Jamie flashed him a look, sauntered over to a bunch of tools piled up against one of the posts, and kicked them, sending them scattering across the barn floor. He sauntered onward into the dim recesses of the barn and started rummaging among the tack.

Cab waited near the scattered tools to see if Jamie was coming back, stunned by his friend's behavior. When it became clear he wasn't, Cab sighed and bent to straighten them up. He set the biggest pitchforks and rakes against the post, then leaned the shorter ones against them one at the time until the whole set was balanced. Tidier. Less likely to get in the way.

"See, I just cleaned up another mess," he announced.

Jamie strode back toward him, gave the tools a quick look. "You just organized the rakes by size and function. Control freak. You know, you remind me of someone. Kind of an old dude that likes to rearrange Rose's things and burn her paintings up? Know that guy?" He walked out of the barn laughing.

Cab remained behind, fists jammed deep into his jeans pockets. Yeah, he knew that guy, and if he was anything like Emory he had to change.

Fast.

On Sunday, Rose lay low, hanging out in her tree house with a sketchbook and watercolor pencils. The small propane heater worked like a charm to keep the space warm, even if the tree house didn't have a proper roof. She munched sandwiches and daydreamed and tried to sketch out some ideas for the paintings she would do when she finished the tree house's interior and moved in her supplies. Since Cab could be at Carl's place at any time today, she didn't work on the tree house itself. She was afraid the sound of the hammer or saw would carry.

When her cell phone vibrated in her pocket late in the morning, Rose jumped but quickly answered it when she saw it was Cab. She was happy to plan a dinner date, but put him off until the following evening, determined to spend one entire day alone just to prove that she could. She felt it was important to establish a boundary with Cab-and herself, too. It would be far too easy to fall into a relationship with him that took over her life. That's the way the old Rose would do things. New Rose kept her love life in line.

By four in the afternoon, however, Rose was getting restless. Try as she might, thoughts of Cab kept intruding on her plans and sketches. She relived every moment of their afternoon together and fantasized about new and different ways they could make love. The possibilities were infinite and before long she wanted nothing more than to climb down the treehouse ladder and dash over to Carl's mansion.

When she found herself peeking out the window in that direction, she decided she needed a change of scenery. She made a run to a lumberyard in a neighboring town to get some extra supplies for Hannah and Mia's tree houses. The corner posts took a day on their own to set in the cement, so she bought eight more posts and buckets, some brackets and screws and then took herself out to dinner. On her way home she stopped at a grocery store to stock up on food and a number of gallon jugs of bottled water.

Once it was dark she drove back, hid the truck again and brought everything to the site before mixing up the cement and anchoring the posts in the buckets. She had to use bottled water for the job and work by the low light of a flashlight with a ski hat draped over it, but it worked out. She'd picked out two locations some distance apart from each other and from her tree house, hoping Hannah and Mia would approve. Like hers, the new tree houses would be nestled among trees without being built into them; she was determined that if they were forced to leave, they could disassemble the houses and remove every trace of them without damaging Carl's property.

As she settled in for another night in her tree house she was pleased with the progress she'd made and the fact that she hadn't broken down and gone to be with Cab. She was a capable, competent woman, no matter what her parents or anyone else thought. She didn't need anyone. She didn't mind being alone.

But as she slid into her sleeping bag she wished more than anything that Cab was sliding in beside her.

On Monday morning she waited for Cab to leave for work before she finally finished the roof on her tree house. Then she got to work on digging the holes for Hannah and Mia's posts. By rights they'd have come and done their own dirty work, but she didn't mind. It gave her another reason to put off looking for a job.

She wasn't sure why she was so reluctant to do so. Even though she wouldn't get a reference from Emory, this was a small town; people knew who she was. But when she'd picked up the regional paper on her errands the day before she hadn't found any ads for jobs she wanted to take.

She needed something flexible, and she needed a really cheap apartment to live in. That would leave her open to start classes for her degree.

She wanted a degree, she'd decided. Maybe it wouldn't make her paintings more marketable, but she'd learn so much in the process she'd never learn on her own. She'd make connections with other artists, and-she thought triumphantly-it could lead to other artistic jobs. Maybe she could teach university classes someday. Those professors got good salaries, right?

The truth was, she didn't give a damn about her salary. She did give a damn about art, though. She'd never gotten much support for it, apart from a teacher or two in elementary school who had encouraged her, and she wanted to know what that would be like. The thought that she could spend a few years among other artists filled her with longing.

Mia arrived in the afternoon and they quickly faced the same problem she had at the beginning; there was no electricity for a power saw to cut the lumber Mia brought from her family's shed. They either had to cut it by hand, or risk going back to the Cruz ranch. After using the handsaw to cut a few boards they agreed to risk a trip to Autumn and Ethan's place. While Mia looked over the list of board lengths and sizes Rose had drawn up for her, Rose placed the call to Autumn.

"You're in luck," Autumn said. "Ethan, Jamie and Rob are all going to visit another ranch tomorrow. They'll be gone most of the day. Come over after nine in the morning and you'll be fine. Speaking of which, I'd like to point out you have an excellent bed here going to waste. Are you coming home tonight? Or would you rather sleep in someone else's?"

Great. Word about her and Cab had obviously spread already. "I'll see you tomorrow," she said and clicked off. She knew her friend would have plenty of questions for her then.

Hannah arrived just as Rose shoved the phone back in her pocket. Rose greeted her and followed her back to where she'd parked her car to make sure she'd hidden it well enough. Like Mia, Hannah seemed to take her rules seriously and Rose couldn't fault the job she'd done.

"I put your posts in today. I hope you don't mind that I didn't wait for you."

"I don't mind at all. Do you mind if I get started building my corral? I brought a bunch of scrap wood along."

"Sure," Rose said checking her watch. "We have to wind down before Cab gets home, though, so you only have about an hour and a half. I'll be at Autumn's place tomorrow to cut more boards. Do you want to meet me there?"

Hannah hesitated. "I can't take too much time off of work."

"Don't worry about it. We're making the houses all the same size and shape. I'll cut the wood you'll need and be back here after lunch. Come by any time before four, but hide your car again, okay?"

"You're a lifesaver, Rose. Thanks."

Rose had wondered if the project would lose some of its luster with company around, but once Hannah took off deeper into the woods, to her surprise she found herself enjoying Mia's presence. The young woman turned out to have a sly sense of humor that blossomed here away from prying eyes. They cleaned up the site and transferred Mia's wood from her car to Rose's truck. Mia had ridden from town with the boards sticking out one of her rear windows. Rose hoped she hadn't attracted too much attention.

"I just always feel so... wrong... when other people look at me these days, like they can see inside my brain and know I had an affair with a married man," Mia confessed to Rose some time later. "Out here with just you and Hannah, I feel... safe."

"I'm glad," Rose told her. "That's exactly what this place is supposed to be-a hideaway from all the people who get you down."

"I think it's going to work."

Rose wanted to ask her questions about her plans for the future, but she kept her mouth shut. After all, she was hiding here because she didn't want to have to answer to anyone. Why shouldn't Mia get the same privacy?

A faint sound of hammering came from the woods behind them and Rose tensed, focused on a new worry. She still had plenty of reservations about keeping a horse out here, but Hannah had assured her it was only temporary; just until she could find the critter a better home. When she emerged an hour or so later, Rose and Mia were tidying up for the day.

"Are you making any progress?" Rose asked her.

Hannah nodded. "I actually got it done. It's not a very big corral. I'm going to call it a day."

"Me, too," Mia said. "I've got a five to nine o'clock shift tonight."

Rose nodded. "I'm supposed to have dinner with Cab. I wish I had a way to clean up first, though. One thing this place lacks is a shower. I think I stink."

"Aren't you staying at Autumn's? Why don't you go there?" Mia asked.

Because she didn't feel like getting the third degree. She knew the minute she entered the door of the Big House, Autumn, Claire and Morgan would pounce on her and want to know everything. They'd grill her about Jason and Cab and Emory... she couldn't take it. Not yet. She'd face Autumn tomorrow.

"Want to follow me home?" Hannah said, taking in her expression. "I'm all the way across town from Emory and your folks. You can use my shower. They'll never know you were there."

She was being silly hiding out like this-Emory must know by now she'd broken things off with Jason-but she didn't want to face him and his questions and accusations, either. She'd be taking a chance going to Hannah's, but the lure of hot water and soap swayed her. After all, what could any of them do if they actually caught her, except make a stink? Sooner or later she'd have to face the world.

But not tonight, she hoped.

An hour later, she stepped out of the shower in Hannah and Cody's small house and pulled on a clean set of clothes. Cab hadn't mentioned anything fancy, so she wore jeans and a pretty blouse. As she folded her dirty clothes and packed them away in the backpack she'd brought, she heard Hannah call a greeting and a man's voice answer. She stilled, listened, and decided it must be Cody arriving home. He and Hannah had dated for some time now, although she didn't get Hannah's attraction to him. Cody was... rough. Not physically, but in his mannerisms. A little too crude for her tastes, but Hannah seemed to like him well enough.

"Just a minute," she heard Hannah say and she sped up her movements, knowing her friend probably needed to get ready for her own evening out.

When Rose opened the bathroom door, she met Hannah in the hall. "Sorry, didn't mean to take so long."

"Hush, you've been quick as a wink. Cody's just early, that's all."

"I'll get out of your way. See you tomorrow? I plan to be at the... place... all day."

"I asked Bella for the day off so I'll definitely be there, too. Just as soon as I get him out of bed and on his way. He's slow in the mornings." She made a face. "Real slow."

"The nights must be good enough to make up for it, then," Rose teased her.

Hannah looked uncertain. "I don't know how long we'll be together," she whispered. "He's..."

"I'm what?" Cody said loudly as he poked his head around the corner. "When I hear women whispering I know trouble's coming. What are you two up to?"

"Nothing," Rose said firmly, seeing Hannah's face blanch. "I was asking Hannah what I can do to make tonight special for Cab. We're kind of... celebrating," she said, making up the story as she went along.

"Just take your clothes off for him," Cody said, coming all the way into the hall, which suddenly felt much too crowded for Rose. "That's every man's favorite celebration." He tugged Hannah into a one-armed hug but kept his gaze on Rose. For one horrible moment she thought he might reach out and pull her close under his other arm. Her skin crawled under his scrutiny. Was she imagining it, or was he vibing her-hard?

"I'd better run or I'll be late," she said, feeling anxious to get away. Hannah and Cody trailed after her as she made her way through the house and out the front door. She hesitated on the front walk, uncomfortable at leaving Hannah but unsure how to handle the situation. "Call me if you need anything," she said to her friend, hoping she understood what she really meant.

"It's all fine. You have a great time," Hannah said. She leaned into Cody's embrace and Rose relaxed a little. Cody was sleazy, but Hannah wasn't in danger. She was just with the wrong guy.

Some relationships were messed up, Rose thought. Some people were messed up. She got in her truck, glad that wasn't the case with Cab. She couldn't ask for a steadier, more responsible man. She slid her key into the ignition, beginning to anticipate the evening to come.

The engine made a sick sound and then died altogether.

Cab pulled up at Hannah's house just as the tow truck arrived.

"Sorry for the change in plans," Rose said, coming to meet him.

"No problem," he said as he took in the way her hair curled around her shoulders and her pretty blouse framed her cleavage. "I offered to pick you up in the first place. So this is where you've been staying?"

Rose shrugged and turned back to gesture at the tow truck driver. "He's taking my truck to the shop. I won't get it back until tomorrow, though. It's too late for anyone to work on it now."

"That's all right. I'll take you to dinner and then drive you wherever you need to go."

"Thanks. Let me talk to Hannah for a minute, would you?" She hurried off to speak to her friend and the two women huddled together away from the action around the truck. Cab figured she needed to sort out the logistics of coming back here after their date. Would she let Hannah know she might not be back at all? He hoped so. He wasn't going to spoil the evening straight off the bat, though, by suggesting she spend the night. She'd count that as him telling her what to do. Better let her think it was her idea.

"Did I ever tell you I'm going bison hunting?" Cody swaggered up to him. "Next week. Pretty cool, huh?"

"I think you mentioned it." Cab resisted the impulse to roll his eyes.

"They say when the bison falls over, it shakes the ground."

"If you manage to hit it," Cab said. He hoped Rose would hurry up.

"I'll hit it. They just stand there," Cody said. "But when they fall, they shake the ground. You can feel it all the way from where you're shooting."

"All that way. That's something."

"It's a rush."

"I'm ready," Rose waved good-bye to Hannah. The tow truck driver was ready to pull out, so Cab led her to his truck and opened the door for her to climb in.

"I suppose DelMonaco's is out."

"I'm afraid so. Mind taking a bit of a drive?"

"Not at all." Cab swung his truck around to head back through town to highway 90. Rose remained quiet for the first few minutes of the drive until he began to worry she might be having second thoughts about spending time together.

"Everything all right?"

"Hmm? Oh." Rose gave herself a little shake. "I was thinking about Hannah and Cody. I'm not sure that relationship is going to last."

What about us? Cab wanted to ask her, but bit the words back. Sometimes talking too much caused all kinds of problems. Maybe action was called for here. "Rose-I'm going to tell you what to do and I don't want you to get all riled up about it. You think you can hear me out?"

"I guess so." Her tone told him it wasn't likely.

He patted the seat beside me. "Come sit over here."

She waited a beat. "That's it?"

"That's it." Would she take the bait? Looked like she would.

She undid her seatbelt, slid over into the middle of the bench seat and rebuckled herself in.

"That's better," Cab said. He put a possessive hand on her thigh and waited to see what she would do next. When she inched nearer, a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. They were going to be okay. He allowed himself to explore her thigh a little, stroking gently down and then up, each time sliding a little higher. When Rose let a small sigh escape he knew they were more than okay.

They reached an intersection in the center of town and stopped for a red light. Cab took advantage of the situation to lean over, tilt her chin up and give her a long, searching kiss. Rose answered him with equal ardor, placing a hand on his shoulder to steady herself. She leaned into him, letting him lead the way and when he slid a hand under her blouse, she moaned, letting him know she'd missed him as much as he'd missed her.

Cab pulled back an inch. "We could eat at my place," he suggested. "Or skip eating all together."

"That sounds good," Rose said. "Real good." She kissed him again, and he slipped his hand higher, cupping her breast underneath her shirt. He knew he should wait until they got back to Carl's place, but suddenly he didn't want to wait another minute.

"Or we could pull in behind the gas station and get it on right here."

Rose giggled. "Better not. What if we get caught?" She slid a hand down his back and into the waistband of his jeans. If she were any closer to him she'd be in his lap.

The car behind them beeped and they both jumped.

"Whoops. Better keep my eyes on the road," Cab said, chuckling. "Don't want to cause an accident."

Rose guided his hand back down to her thigh and wriggled to let him know she wanted him to stroke her again. He did so with pleasure, making the left-hand turn toward the highway. "You sure you don't want to grab dinner first?"

She sat up and glared at him. "You'd better not stop this car until you reach Carl's."

Cab grinned. "Yes, ma'am." He gave her thigh a squeeze.

Rose went rigid and gripped his wrist.

Cab glanced at her as he turned the wheel and pressed on the accelerator. "What's wrong?"

She stared out the windshield across the intersection as they turned. Cab saw a taxi at the far corner. A man leaning over it. Then they were past.

"Rose, what's wrong?"

"I... I don't feel so well. Can you please take me to Carl's as fast as you can?"

Chapter Twelve

Over Fila's protestations, Jason handed the cab driver several bills.

"This oughta cover it. Right, Alan?"

She'd been surprised he knew the man by name, but she quickly realized Chance Creek was a lot like the village she'd left behind in Afghanistan. Everyone knew everyone, and when Jason told Alan to take her to the Cruz ranch, Alan seemed to know just where that was. Darkness had fallen, but the streets of Chance Creek were lit up by streetlights. She shivered a little in the cold, but her journey would be over soon.

Once Jason knew she was heading to Chance Creek, he'd taken over her travel plans. When they disembarked from the Greyhound bus in Billings, he organized their switch to a small shuttle bus heading to the town.

When they reached Chance Creek, he insisted on finding her a taxi. There was an awkward moment when Alan Higgens-a man in his late twenties, Fila estimated-had pulled up to the corner and spotted them there. He seemed unable to look Jason in the eye and Fila wondered if she was the cause of it. After all, Jason had recently been engaged, so his arrival with another woman might raise an eyebrow or two. After she'd taken her seat in the back, Alan asked Jason through the open front window, "Does Rose know you're in town?"

"Not yet," Jason bent down to answer him. "Why?"

A pause-just enough to tell Fila something was wrong. "No reason. Just... nothing."

"What?"

"I must be confused, that's all. I thought..."

"Spit it out, Alan." Fila could tell Jason was getting angry. She'd grown comfortable with his presence on the bus, but now his features hardened, and she realized he was a man like all other men-not to be crossed.

"A minute ago I saw her and..." Alan trailed off and looked through the windshield at a truck that had pulled to a stop across the intersection ahead of them. Fila made out two people sitting inside it. A large man with short dark hair was behind the wheel. Beside him sat a petite brunette. As she watched, the man leaned down and gave the woman a sensuous kiss, which she returned just as passionately.

Jason followed Alan's gaze and swore. "That's Rose right there. What's she doing riding with Cab? Why is she kissing him?"

"I don't know," Alan said, but Jason disappeared from the window and in another second the passenger's side door opened and he slid into the front seat.

"Follow them."

"Jason, look..."

"I said follow them, or I'm going to open your door, shove you into the street and drive myself."

Alan swore but started the car and eased into traffic.

"Hurry up-you're losing them!"

"I can tell where they're going," Alan said. "Look. Out to Carl's. That's where Cab's staying these days."

"And she's going home with him? Is she sleeping with him?" Jason's voice raised and Fila cringed back into her seat. When men raised their voices, trouble quickly arrived. Alan picked up speed, followed the sheriff's car through town and turned sharply onto a road that quickly wound into the countryside. She clutched the armrest with one hand, used the other to brace herself against the vinyl seat. Jason's angry tone scared her. She'd seen too many angry men. She knew what they were capable of.

"I don't know," Alan answered Cab finally.

"How long has this been going on?"

"I don't know." Alan sounded miserable.

"Shit. Go faster."

Dark fields stretched away on either side of them and Fila spotted the hulking shapes of houses and barns in the distance.

"Step on it," Jason said.

"I know where Cab lives," Alan said. "No sense killing ourselves getting there a minute sooner."

"My fiancee is sleeping with the town's sheriff. I want to get there now!" Jason banged his fist on the door and Fila shut her eyes. How had she thought she'd be safe in America? How had she hoped the men here would treat her any differently than her Afghani captors?

"Hey! You better not break anything!"

"Go. Faster!"

Fila buried her head in her hands. Her dream was turning into a nightmare. Any moment they'd catch up to the sheriff and Jason would find his woman. He'd kill the sheriff, shoot him dead on the spot, then haul the girl home, truss her up and drag her to the town square. Would he stone her to death? Behead her? Douse her in kerosene and light her on fire?

Jason punched the door again. "That's Carl's place! Turn in! Get going!"

Alan swerved the taxi into a long driveway, and Fila toppled over, banging her head on the door. When he hit the brakes and came to a stop still far from the house, she lurched forward and slammed into the seat ahead of her.

"Get out of my car!" Alan yelled at Jason. "Out!"

"Drive, you asshole! Get up to the house! They're getting away!" Jason lunged across the seat and wrestled him for the wheel.

Fila, cold with fear and shock, tears brimming in her eyes, hands shaking as she righted herself, saw her chance and took it.

She swung the door open and bolted outside. Nearly sick to her stomach, she raced for the woods. Would he come after her? Would he hurt her?

She knew what happened to women who stepped out of line. No matter what the offense, they paid the same price. Beatings, torture, rape... death.

She thought she'd escaped all that.

She'd thought wrong.

That was Jason across the street, standing next to a taxi cab driven by Alan Higgens. Glaring at her. The woman who stood next to him-a slim, exotic beauty with shoulder-length wavy brown hair, dressed in a sensible, classic pants outfit-had climbed into the back of the cab and shut the door.

Jason didn't move, however. White-faced and frowning, she had no doubt he'd seen them kiss-maybe worse. She slid down in her seat reflexively but he was already skirting the front of the taxi and climbing in beside Alan. Thank God Cab was already driving away from them.

Cab turned to her, a worried frown on his face. "You all right?"

"No. Could you hurry... please?"

"Sure thing." Cab put both hands on the wheel and accelerated. She knew he wouldn't speed through town, but he wasn't dilly-dallying, either. Thank heaven he hadn't asked a bunch of questions.

At first she thought they'd given Jason the slip, but a minute later a glance in the side mirror told her the taxi was following fast on their heels. She gripped the armrest, digging her fingernails into it.

"If you need to be sick, let me know." Cab shot her another worried look.

"Just get me home. Fast." Running was a mistake; she saw that now. She could have greeted Jason back in town and made arrangements to see him later. Taking off with Cab like this made it all too obvious exactly what was going on. Why was Jason following her? Was he furious?

Would he and Cab fight?

Cab wouldn't. Not unless Jason started things first. But why would he? Their relationship was over-they'd settled that on the phone. She'd settled it, anyway. She realized now she hadn't given Jason much of a chance to talk.

Maybe that's why he was here.

Cab glanced in the rearview mirror. "I wonder where that taxi is headed in such a hurry?"

Could she open the door and bail out the side of the truck? If she did, could she make it to her tree house before Cab caught up with her? Could she hide there for the rest of her life?

Probably not.

She should have gone to North Dakota and sorted things out with Jason in person. But how was she to know he cared that much? He sure hadn't shown it these last few months.

"Is that... Jason?" Cab said, looking in the mirror again.

"I... maybe," she said unhappily.

Cab swung into the driveway that led to Carl's mansion and drove toward the house. Behind them another set of lights swung off the road and flashed them. But instead of following them on up the driveway, the car behind them came to a sudden stop. Cab slowed the truck, too.

"Are they coming in or not?" He glanced back, then looked down while he reversed gear. Rose turned in her seat, and in that split second the rear door of the taxi burst open and a slight shape darted out of it, over the driveway and into the trees beyond. Rose got just one glimpse of brown wavy hair and wide, frightened eyes before the woman disappeared into the woods.

Rose opened her mouth to point her out, but Cab reversed the twenty feet back toward the taxi and parked the truck. "Stay here until I see what's going on." He was out the door before she could answer. She scanned the woods as Cab walked back toward the taxi, trying to figure out where the woman had gone. Why had she bolted from the car?

Alan and Jason were arguing in the taxi. Jason slammed his fist against the roof once, twice, then flung his own door open and spilled out, charging around the vehicle to confront Cab. Alan got out on his side and soon all three men were yelling.

"You slept with my fiancee, you son-of-a-bitch!" Jason hollered at Cab.

Rose crouched in her seat not knowing what to do. Should she go out there and defend Cab? Should she go after the woman, whoever she was?

"I don't think she wants to be your fiancee anymore."

The slap of fist on flesh spun Rose around just in time to see Jason land a punch on Cab's chin. Cab didn't flinch. He simply reached out, grabbed Jason's collar and put him on the ground in a split second. Rose spun away again. She couldn't watch this. Wouldn't watch her boyfriend beat up her ex-fiance. Sick with shame at how badly she'd handled everything, she hid her face in her hands. A minute later Cab opened the back door of the extended cab and shoved Jason into the rear seat, his wrists cuffed in front of him. Cab climbed in the driver's seat.

"I'm going to have to make a detour to the detachment," he told her evenly. "Want to ride along or stay here at Carl's?"

"I'll stay here if you don't mind," Rose said, already fumbling with her door.

Cab handed her a house key. "Make yourself at home. You and this one can talk things out in the morning." He jerked his chin toward Jason who was swearing up a blue streak in the back seat.

"Sounds good." She finally risked a look at Jason. He shook his head at her.

"God damn it, Rose. This is the way you're going to play it?"

"Sorry," she said, her voice hardly above a whisper. "I..."

"Tomorrow," Cab said. He leaned over Rose and opened her door. "I'll be back in an hour or so. Go in the house and stay put, you hear? We better talk this out, too. Lock the door behind you when you get inside."

Rose nodded and got out of the truck, unable to say anything more. Behind them, Alan was already backing the taxi out of the driveway. Cab quickly followed him.

She suddenly remembered the mystery woman. "Wait... what about...?" Rose sighed as both vehicles sped away. She scanned the trees beside the drive once more, considered the key in her hand, and made up her mind. She plodded the rest of the way up the long driveway until she reached Carl's house, let herself in and began to search for a flashlight.

"You cheat with my fiancee and I'm the one who goes to jail?" Jason said as Cab hauled him into the detachment.

"You're going to jail for assaulting an officer of the law," Cab said, "And to give you some time to cool down before you assault your so-called fiancee."

"She's not my so-called fiancee. She is my fiancee."

"She told me she broke things off."

"She may have, but I sure didn't."

Cab held his tongue through the procedure of booking him and turning him over to the officers who ran the detention facility. Once a row of bars stood between them, he figured it was fair game to ask the man a few questions. "Look, she took off her ring before I made my move. She told me you and she were through."

Jason swore. "She told me that, too, but she's wrong. She didn't even let me have my say."

"Seems to me she's given you six years to have your say. Just how long of an engagement were you planning?" Cab pressed. "You've had your shot. It's not my fault you lost her."

"I was trying to make enough money to do it right," Jason said.

"Really? You held off because of money? Why not at least invite Rose to North Dakota to live with you?"

"She wouldn't have liked it." But the way Jason turned his back and walked away told Cab there was more to it than that.

"Be honest. You had another girl over there."

Jason whipped around. "No. Never. I was faithful to Rose. I thought she'd be faithful to me."

"Then why keep away? Why not come home on weekends and holidays?"

"I came when I could."

"Bullshit!" Cab had just about enough of the man's paltry excuses. The way he saw, it if you engaged yourself to a woman you did right by her. "You came once every few months. You could have done better than that. If you love Rose, why wouldn't you be chomping at the bit to get to Chance Creek every chance you could?"

"Because I wasn't working in the oilfields," Jason blurted out. "Not full-time, anyway. I didn't want her to know."

Cab frowned. "What the hell were you doing?"

"Getting my degree." Jason shrugged unhappily. "I saw the difference between what those engineers earned and what the roughnecks made and I wanted that paycheck. I enrolled at a local school. Decided to go full time to get it as fast as possible. I graduate this spring."

Cab squinted at him. "Why wouldn't you tell anyone about that? That's something to be proud of, not something to hide."

"Because it meant I didn't save any money for our wedding. Not one cent. I'm in debt, Cab. I will be until I finish school and for some years after that. I told Rose I'd buy her a house when we got married. I'm so far from that..." Jason spread his hands.

Cab backed away from the bars, an ugly feeling swirling in his gut. He admitted to himself now that he'd cast Jason as the villain in this story. He'd truly believed the man had a piece on the side in his North Dakota town; that he'd been playing Rose for a year or two. And all the time Jason was working to be a better man for his fiancee?

That made Cab the villain. He didn't like that much.

"Is she in love with you?" Jason came at him again. He gripped a bar in each hand and peered out between them. "Or was it just a fling? I can forgive her if it was just a fling. Maybe."

"I don't know," Cab said heavily. "It was just the one time."

"How did it happen?"

"I'm not going to tell you that. It won't help."

"Was alcohol involved? Just answer me that. Was it after a night on the town?" The man looked hopeful.

"No," Cab said quietly. "It was in the middle of the afternoon and we were both sober."

Jason's shoulders slumped. "Shit. I lost her. I took her for granted and I lost her."

Cab had no idea what to say. All his training, all his experience didn't cover anything remotely like this. "I'm sorry," he said again.

"You don't need to be sorry," Jason said bitterly. "You just need to do her right. Don't you break her heart."

Cab met his gaze. "You honestly think I would try? I've been waiting for months to see if you'd step away."

Jason blinked. "You didn't say nothing."

"Of course not."

The other man looked away first. He scratched his neck. "Maybe it's for the best," he said slowly. "Maybe it really is."

"Why?" Cab was cautious. He wasn't sure where Jason was heading with this.

"I'm not coming back to Chance Creek. There's too much opportunity out there and I'm just getting started. I'd have to move Rose all over the country if we stayed together, maybe all over the world. There are jobs for guys like me everywhere-South America. The Middle East. She's never wanted to leave Chance Creek."

"You think maybe both of you knew a split was coming?" Cab said hopefully. "Maybe that's why you let yourselves drift apart?"

Jason nodded, still turned away. "Maybe we did. Doesn't make it easier, though."

"Probably not."

Silence reigned a moment or two. Jason straightened up and Cab could tell he was shouldering his new reality. He wasn't the type to cry over spilt milk. He wasn't the type to cry, period.

"What about Fila? Where'd she get to?"

Cab blinked. "Fila? Who's Fila?"

"The girl in the taxi. I was supposed to get her to the Cruz place. Did Alan take her?"

Cab stared at Jason. What was he talking about? Why would he make up a story like that now? Was this a ruse to get out of jail tonight?

Should he even be in jail?

"I didn't see any girl in the taxi. Never heard of a Fila, either."

"You wouldn't have heard of her. She came in from Billings with me. She was looking for Claire and Morgan. Medium height. Brown hair. Blue eyes?"

Cab shook his head. "There wasn't anyone else in the taxi when Alan left. You sure she was with you when you got to Carl's?

"Of course I'm sure she was with me. She was sitting right next to me." His eyes met Cab's, concerned. "She was upset on the bus ride from North Dakota. She said she'd come a real long way to see Claire and Morgan. She had an accent I couldn't place and I had the feeling she was in trouble. That's why I made sure to put her in a taxi straight to the Cruz spread. Then I saw you and Rose and... I kind of lost it. I hopped in, too."

"Maybe she's with Rose," Cab said. "I'll look into it. She could have even walked the rest of the way to the Cruz ranch; it's just down the road from Carl's."

"Five miles down the road," Jason said. "Shit, I can't believe I just forgot about her. Probably scared her to death, too." He approached the bars again. "Go look for her, Cab. I think she was on the run from something; probably from a man. Our fight..."

"Probably scared the crap out of her," Cab finished for him. "All right. I'm on it. And I'll be back in the morning to sort this all out." He hesitated. Waved a hand at the bars. "Sorry."

Jason heaved a sigh. "Probably more comfortable than a night at home with Dad. It's all right. Tell Rose..." he trailed off.

"I'll tell her everything," Cab said, and left.

Chapter Thirteen

Fila ran for her life through the thick forest. Trees whipped past her. She leaped fallen branches, darted around thickets she couldn't penetrate, fell, got up and ran some more. To her mind, the sound of her mad dash through the forest echoed as loud as thunder. She knew they'd trace her. Knew they'd find her.

She had to hide.

She spotted the tree house first and nearly tripped in shock at the sight of the high structure. Too exposed to hide in, she thought, but a few moments later she stumbled on something else. A green tarp half-hidden by layers of evergreen branches covered something someone didn't want people to see. Panting, a stitch in her side making every breath torture, she listened for pursuers, heard none, and lifted the plastic sheet.

Lumber.

Someone was storing lumber out here in the woods. She had a memory-a flash of a childhood visit to a friend of the family just outside Simsbury. Climbing a rope ladder into their tree house. Eating sandwiches and telling stories.

No one who built a tree house could be all bad.

And no one would look for her under a tarp hidden in the woods. She slid underneath the cold, clammy surface and lined up her body parallel to the pile of boards. Pressed up against them, already shivering as the cold, autumn night drew in, she tucked the tarp around herself and tried to erase any signs of her passage under it. Then she lay still and held her breath. She'd wait a few hours, think up a plan, and escape again.

Rose was glad she'd taken the time to collect a flashlight from Cab's house before heading into the woods. She hoped the woman hadn't gotten too far a head start because of it, but she figured two of them plunging headlong into the trees in the dark was most likely to end in the need for two search parties.

All she had to go on was the direction she saw the woman run, but Rose felt certain she knew where she would end up. She wasn't dressed for racing through the woods, so she'd have to go to ground somewhere. The tree house made a likely place.

Ten minutes later, however, she flashed her light through the small structure and conceded that it was empty. Maybe it seemed too exposed. She climbed down the ladder slowly and ran the light over the surrounding ground. Where would she hide if she didn't want to be seen?

Anywhere in these woods.

"Hello?" Rose called. "Is anyone here? It's safe to come out-I'm the only one here."

She listened, but only heard the rustle of leaves in the chill autumn air. When she let out a breath, the air fogged in front of her. Had the woman been wearing a warm coat? Her head had been bare. Pretty soon she'd be awfully cold.

"I mean it. It's safe. Their fight had nothing to do with you, anyway. It was about me." Her voice broke and she lowered the flashlight.

Cab and Jason had fought over her. Cab had shoved her fiance into his truck and hauled him off to jail.

Jason cared enough about her to come to blows over losing her.

She shut her eyes and took a deep breath to try to calm her pounding heart. She'd been so convinced he didn't care. She'd moved on from him. She'd given herself to Cab.

Did it make her a bad person that she'd slept with another man so soon after breaking off her engagement? Did she still love Jason?

No.

The answer came loud and clear. Not because he'd done something awful, or cheated on her, or neglected her, but because she'd simply moved on. She was different now than when she'd been eighteen. She was grown up. She wanted different things.

And she knew what she wanted. Art school. Marriage. Children. A job in academia.

Cab.

She wasn't confused at all about who she was and how she felt about the future. She didn't need more time to figure things out. It might take practice before she got good at stating specifically what she wanted, or could gainsay Cab when he got too protective, but being with him would give her that practice far faster than staying away from him. She'd think of it as a crash course in setting boundaries.

Smiling just a little, she returned her attention to the dark woods around her. "Hello? Are you there? It's just me-I'm all alone. I'd love to help you if I can."

When no answer came, she decided to check near Hannah's corral. She paced forward carefully, not wanting to trip in the dim light. She saw the green mound that was their unused building supplies. She and Mia had covered them carefully with a tarp and pine boughs earlier in the day.

Now the tarp was exposed in one corner.

Rose halted. The woman was under there. She knew it. How to get her out without scaring her, though...

"Please let me help you," Rose said quietly. "It will be okay. I promise."

She held her breath as she watched the tarp. At first nothing happened. Then it rippled, shook and flipped back, revealing a disheveled woman underneath with huge, frightened eyes.

"The men are gone; it's just me," Rose said, holding out a hand. She tilted the flashlight away so its beam didn't blind the woman. "Come on, let's get you cleaned up and warm."

The woman ignored her hand, pushed up to her knees and stood unsteadily. She patted her clothes into place and lifted a hand to her hair. Finally she spoke. Her voice was low and unsteady, with a trace of an accent Rose couldn't place.

"Are you Claire Cruz?"

"No. But I'm her friend. Is that who you're looking for? I can get you to her."

The woman nodded. "Please."

Rose ushered her back through the woods. The woman stuck close to her, rigid with tension. She continually scanned the area around them as if convinced Cab and Jason could jump out at them at any moment. Rose understood why the fight between them might have startled her, but her fear seemed to go beyond what the situation called for. She wondered where she came from and why Jason had brought her here.

Was she his new girlfriend?

Then why would he attack Cab?

"Is that yours?" the woman asked when they passed the tree house.

"Yes."

"It looks... safe."

Rose nodded. "It's secret. No one knows about it. At least, no men know about it."

"No men," the woman said thoughtfully. "That's good."

Twenty minutes later, Claire, Morgan and Autumn stood at Carl's front door. Rose let them in, saying, "She's really spooked so go easy on her."

"Jamie nearly didn't take no for an answer when we told him he couldn't come, too," Claire said. "He was dying to tag along and find out why we were coming over here unexpectedly. Why is she so afraid of men?"

"I don't know. She hasn't told me much. Just that she's come a long way to meet Aria's daughter."

"Aria's daughter?" Claire's face lost some of its color. "Is that how she put it? She knew my mother?"

"Our mother," Morgan said softly. The two women glanced at each other, and Rose knew they were remembering the day Morgan had arrived in Chance Creek on a similar mission. Back then Claire didn't know she had a half-sister. Morgan didn't know Aria had died. Their first meeting hadn't gone very well, from what Rose had heard.

Rose nodded and led the way into the living room. Claire and Morgan followed with Autumn trailing behind. Rose was glad Autumn had come as well; she always was a voice of reason when Claire's hot temper flared.

"Fila, this is Claire Lassiter and Morgan Matheson. Claire and Morgan are both daughters of Aria Cruz. And this is Autumn Cruz. She married Aria's son, Ethan."

Fila stood and searched each woman's face with her worried gaze. "I... Thank you so much. Your mother-she was a wonderful woman. She did so much..."

Rose thought Fila might faint and she hurried to her side and then helped her back to the couch.

"Are you from... Afghanistan?" Morgan said in wonder, moving to sit across from her. "I know my mother did some work there, helping women."

"Your mother did much work there." Fila leaned forward earnestly. "Great work. When we heard she died, the mountains themselves cried out with our sorrow."

Rose couldn't get over how American Fila looked, but how foreign she sounded. The mountains cried out? "You came all the way from Afghanistan? Just to thank Aria's daughters?"

"No," Fila looked down at her hands. "I should have; we all should have come just to say thank you, but no-it's more than that. I... escaped."

Comprehension dawned on Morgan's face. "You were to be married? To someone you didn't choose?" she prompted.

Fila nodded vigorously. "Yes, to a very bad man."

"And you got away? You escaped all the way here? How is that possible?" Claire's harsher tones made Rose want to jump in and protect Fila from her. Claire meant well, but she wasn't always the softest touch.

"I know it sounds unlikely." Fila looked from one to other. "But it wasn't all the way here. They brought me to America. To marry a man here."

"Someone brought you here to get married in America?" Claire sounded like she didn't believe it.

"To reward him for his patience. For the service he was doing for his country."

Rose got a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach. "Let me get this straight. There was an Afghani man here, being patient, and you were his reward?"

"Yes." Fila watched her, as if willing her to understand.

"Oh, my God," Morgan said, turning a stricken gaze toward the rest of them. "A terrorist?" She turned back toward Fila. "Was this man a terrorist?"

Fila nodded, her eyes bright with tears. "Yes, I think so. He's a bad man."

"How did you get away?" Morgan asked. "You must have been terrified!"

"Are you hurt?" Autumn said. "Should we call a doctor?"

"Wait," Rose said, feeling like she'd lost the thread of the story somewhere. "Are you talking about the Taliban? Are you one of them?"

A tear spilled down Fila's cheek. "I am an American," she said, her voice breaking. "I was born here, I grew up here until I was twelve. I never wanted to leave. My family went back to Afghanistan for a visit." She held her hands up in a pleading gesture. "My parents were killed by the Taliban. I was taken. I was raised by them. They thought they had made me one of their own. You have to understand how badly I wanted to come home. I waited so long." Emotion clogged her voice and Rose wanted to comfort her but she knew they needed to hear it all. "I finally got my chance. When I learned I was coming to America, I knew I could get free."

Rose was speechless. But Claire remained focused. Once again her sharp voice pierced through the rest of their murmurs. "Do these terrorists know where you are?"

Fila shook her head. "They don't know what I look like. The men who brought me here are not my relatives, so they have not seen me without my burqa."

"What burqa?" Claire pressed.

"How did you get away?" Rose asked, finally able to speak again.

"In the airport in New York. I said I needed..." she waved a hand as if struggling for the words. "I went to the ladies' room, I took off my burqa, and..." she shrugged expressively. "They did not know who I was when I walked out!"

Rose laughed in disbelief. "That's amazing." Claire looked skeptical.

"I took trains, a bus, a car..." Fila said. "I kept coming until I made it here."

"Because you wanted to see my mother?" Morgan said.

"No, I knew she had passed and I am so sorry for this. Many women in my country are sorry. But I had to thank the daughter who made a donation in her name. Without it, I would not be here today. I would not be free."

The women looked at each other. "That was me," Morgan said slowly. "When we found out what Mom had been doing when she traveled each year, I sent a donation to the organization she worked for over there. I thought she'd want me to."

"Looks like it paid off," Autumn said. "What will you do now, Fila? Do you have somewhere to go?"

Fila shook her head and dropped her gaze to her lap again.

"She'll stay here in Chance Creek, of course," Claire said, her voice hard. "She's not going back, that's for sure."

Hope swelled inside Rose. If Claire approved of that plan then it was bound to work out.

"It's not going to be easy, though," Autumn warned. "Do you have any right to be in the United States?"

"Yes," Fila said softly. "I am a United States citizen."

"That's why you speak English so well," Morgan said. "Because you grew up here."

Fila's relief at being understood was evident.

"You have to tell someone about those men, though," Rose said.

They all turned to Fila and she nodded. "Of course," she said softly.

"Won't that be dangerous?" Autumn said.

No one answered.

"I'm telling you I saw them. Four Middle Eastern men driving right through town, as bold as can be."

Cab resisted the urge to haul Kevin inside and lock him up in a cell beside Jason. He'd almost made it out the door of the jail when the old man came hobbling in looking for him.

"Why shouldn't four Middle Eastern men drive through Chance Creek? It's a free country last time I looked." He had to get back to Rose and sort things out with her, before she drove herself wild with recriminations and self-doubt. He had to find the woman Jason managed to lose, too. This Fila person.

"Because they were looking for trouble. Anyone could see that."

"Four men driving through town does not mean trouble," Cab said, "or there'd be trouble every day of the week."

"They were looking for something," Kevin said. "Probably looking for the best place to plant a bomb."

"Time to call it a night, old man." Cab was pushed to his limit.

"Who you calling an old man?"

"No one." Cab sighed. "Let's get you home."

"Aren't you going to look for them?"

"No, I'm going to go home and check on Rose. She's had a rough day."

"Home. You mean Carl's place? You left her there alone?" Kevin said. "At night? With all that fancy art and stuff he's got in his house? I bet those crazy foreigners are heading out there to rob the place. How do you think they buy those bombs?"

"For the love of God." Cab turned on the older man. "There are no terrorists in Chance Creek. There will be no attacks. I've been on my feet all day and I'm tired. Maybe if you did a lick of work you'd know what that's like." He regretted the words instantly and reached out as Kevin turned away. "Now, hold on there, Kevin. I'm sorry..."

"No." Kevin shook his head, leaning heavily on his cane. "I know I'm not good for much these days, Cab. You don't have to pretend otherwise. I do what I can. I like to think I'm watching out for the town if nothing else. Lived here my whole life."

"I know that, and I'm sorry I was tense with you. Let's get you home."

"Let's go to Carl's first. I'll help you check it out."

"Not tonight." Cab helped the man to the front seat of his truck and drove him home through the quiet streets. First Jason's appearance, then his insistence on the existence of a woman in Alan's cab who obviously was never there, now Kevin's nonsense. What a night. He couldn't wait to get home.

He hoped Rose was still there.

When they reached Kevin's house he helped the old man up to his door and saw him inside. As he returned to his truck, his cell phone rang. "Yeah? What is it?"

"Cab? It's Alan. You're not going to believe this. I've been debating for an hour whether to call you or not. I feel like an idiot..."

"Spit it out, Alan," Cab said, but he had a sinking feeling he knew what the man was going to say.

"Did you happen to see a woman at your house after I left? I totally forgot about her, what with Jason taking a swing at you and all the hullaballoo. I didn't think to even check the back seat until I was back to town and then she wasn't there."

"Who wasn't there?"

"The woman with Jason. The one who was supposed to go to the Cruz ranch. Said she was looking for Claire?"

Hell. "No, I didn't see her, but Jason mentioned her, too. I'll go look into it."

"Let me know when you find her," Alan said. "I should have called earlier. I should have gone back."

"Don't worry. We'll sort it all out." Cab clicked the phone closed. A knock on his window nearly startled him out of his skin. He bit back a swear word as he rolled the window down. Kevin leaned inside, gesturing to Cab's phone.

"Was that about the terrorists?"

"She should stay here," Rose said. "Cab's the sheriff; she'll be safe with him."

"At the ranch we've got Rob, Jamie and Ethan," Morgan countered. "We can call Rob's brothers, too, and the hired hands. We can have an army over there to protect her."

"She should be in town," Claire said. "That's much safer than on one of the ranches."

"What does Fila want to do?" Autumn broke in.

All eyes turned to where Fila sat sipping the hot tea Rose had made for her. Fila scanned their faces. "I know I must speak to the police. I will... tomorrow." She turned a pleading gaze to Rose. "I have traveled so far. I am tired."

"Of course," Autumn said. "You need a good night's sleep and then you can face everything in the morning. I'll call Ethan and get all the men together. You'll be surrounded by guards," she assured her.

Fila shook her head, tears gathering in her eyes again. "I have been surrounded by guards for more than ten years. Please... let me have one night..."

The other women glanced at each other. "But you need to be safe," Morgan said gently.

"I know where to take her," Rose said, and Fila lifted her gaze to hers, relief flooding her face. She nodded and Rose knew they were thinking the same thing.

"Where?" Claire said.

Rose took a breath. "That's what makes it perfect; even you won't be able to guess where it is. But it's safe, I guarantee it. No one will ever find us there."

Autumn frowned. "Why can't you tell us?"

"Because I've been surrounded by guards for years, too," Rose said. "I have to have one place I can run to when I need to be alone. Somewhere I can think things through without anyone influencing me. I just found this one. I'm not ready to give it up yet."

After a long moment Autumn nodded. "I guess I understand that."

"I don't," Claire said.

Autumn put a hand on her arm. "Rose knows what she's doing."

Rose set about gathering supplies, hoping Autumn was right. "The only thing is, I need a car. My truck is still in the shop."

"Take mine," Morgan said and handed her the keys.

Chapter Fourteen

Fila kept quiet as the women bustled about, preparing for their departure. She didn't say a word when Morgan handed Rose a set of keys and Rose led her from the enormous house to a shiny pickup truck. She even held her tongue as Rose drove down the long driveway and turned in the opposite direction of the woods. The fact that Rose took great pains to hide their destination comforted her.

Even after the car behind them took the rest of the women down the lane to another ranch, Rose continued. She drove in a wide loop around dark country roads. Finally, a half-hour later, she slowed down, pulled to the side of the road, then eased the truck between the trees until it was hidden behind them.

"The fewer people who know where we are, the better," she said to Fila.

Fila agreed. She was so tired she could barely stand, but she took the bags that Rose handed her and followed her into the darkness a quarter-mile or so into the woods until Rose's flashlight lit on the ladder to the tree house.

"Here we are," Rose said brightly.

They clambered up and Rose quickly arranged the contents of the small space, setting the flashlight on the ground and covering it with a cloth so its glow was muted. She clicked a canister into the small propane heater in the corner of the room. She made two beds out of the sleeping bags and other covers.

"Keep your clothes on," Rose said. "It's going to be cold out here tonight, but these are down sleeping bags. They're meant for it."

To Fila the makeshift bed felt like heaven. No one would look for her here. She was safe.

"I'm so glad you made it here." Rose reached out from her own bed and squeezed Fila's hand. She turned off the flashlight and Fila could make out stars in the sky outside the tree house's windows. She'd seen those same stars in the village a half a world away just a few nights ago. But while the stars kept to their places in the sky, her whole life had changed.

"What do you mean they left?" Cab looked from one guilty face to another. Autumn, Claire and Morgan sat in a line on the sofa in the Big House living room, and he planned to keep them there until he got some real answers. He'd returned to Carl's house to find the lights blazing, but no one home. Rose left a note saying she was tired and was calling it a night, but she didn't say where she intended to spend it and she said nothing about a foreign woman, either.

Cab had searched the house thoroughly and made a circuit outside, then remembered Jason said Fila's destination was the Cruz ranch. He drove the few miles there quickly, sure he'd find both Rose and the stranger ensconced in the Big House. When he arrived he found Autumn, Claire and Morgan, but Rose and the stranger were nowhere to be seen. The other women were shocked to find out he knew about Fila, and he was able to bully them into exposing most of the information he wanted. But not the most important piece.

"Rose took Fila somewhere safe for the night," Claire said.

"Where?"

Claire shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know."

Cab didn't believe her. "Why wouldn't she tell you?"

"She thinks Fila may be in danger," Autumn said. "We all do."

"Which is why you're going to tell me where she is-so I can go protect them." Cab's voice rose. Normally he didn't have a problem keeping his cool in sticky situations, but not where Rose was concerned. She was out there somewhere with a woman no one knew, a woman more than one person thought was in danger.

The women exchanged a look. "Cab," Morgan said. "Fila has come a long way." She retold the story in a few sentences and the knot in Cab's stomach tightened by the minute. He didn't recognize his own voice when he spoke again, it was so twisted with anger.

"She's got terrorists coming after her? Are you shitting me?"

"Fila said there's no way they could know she's here," Morgan said. "They don't even know what she looks like."

Cab couldn't believe what he was hearing, and he couldn't believe Rose-his Rose-was mixed up in all of this. Suddenly Kevin's paranoia didn't seem so paranoid.

"What if those men have been in touch with people back in Afghanistan? Do you really believe there aren't any pictures of this girl anywhere? All it takes is a text or e-mail and they'll know exactly who she is. The Taliban don't just let people go-certainly not some woman who knows details about their operations in this country. Are you forgetting 9-11? These people are not stupid."

The women exchanged another look.

"It doesn't matter," Autumn said, her eyes wide with concern. "In any case, we can't tell you where they are."

"Why not?" he thundered.

"Because we don't know."

Rose surged awake when someone gripped her wrist.

"Someone's outside," Fila whispered in her ear. "I just heard a car door slam."

She stilled and listened. At first all was quiet, but then she heard a strange metallic creak, like a heavy door being opened. There was a clunk as something hit the ground and all was still again.

She knew that sound. She'd heard it a dozen times, although she couldn't place it right away. It brought to mind ranches-Ethan and Rob and Jamie on their horses..."That was the tailgate of a horse trailer," Rose whispered.

Could it be Hannah, delivering her mystery horse in the middle of the night? She climbed carefully to her knees and peered out the main window. Fila joined her there.

"It might be a friend of mine. Hannah," Rose said to her. "She's been building a corral for a horse near here.

"Why would she come in the middle of the night?" Fila asked.

"Why corral a horse out in the forest at all?" Rose said. "I really don't know. I'm afraid..." She finally voiced the fear she'd held inside her for several days. "I'm afraid she might have stolen it."

It was silent while they thought that over. Rose figured she should have pressed Hannah for more details before agreeing to the corral at all. Hannah had always seemed like the steady sort, but now that she'd gotten to know Cody, she didn't trust Hannah's judgment as much as she had previously. A stolen horse was a big deal. If it were true, she'd have to tell Hannah to take it back again-before Cab got wind of it. Before they all landed in jail.

"She's getting it out," Rose said, and Fila nodded in the darkness. Those were definitely the steps of a heavy beast down the ramp.

A few seconds later, a female voice cried out from the woods, "Hey! Not that way, Gladys! Damn."

Rose released the breath she was holding. "That's Hannah, all right. I'd better go help her."

"Gladys!"

Rose stiffened at Hannah's shout, then shrieked when something large and dark hurtled through the clearing beneath them, shaking the ground, and took off into the woods at an alarming rate. She clung to the windowsill as the tree house swayed.

"What was that?" Fila cried.

"That was way too big for a horse!" Rose said.

"Was that..." Fila turned to her, her eyes huge. "Was that a bison?"

Were there bison in Afghanistan? Rose thought crazily. Of course not. Fila must have learned about them in school as an American child. "I think so," she said. "But..." She wasn't sure whether to laugh or cry. Hannah thought she could keep a bison in the corral out back?

"Where did it come from? Do they live here?" Fila whispered.

"They don't run loose, if that's what you mean." But this one certainly was. "It's because of Cody-her boyfriend," she exclaimed. "He was going on and on about that damned bison hunt last time we got together. She must have stolen it."

Fila stared at her in incomprehension.

Below them, Hannah raced into the clearing. Stopped and looked up at the tree house. "Hello?" she called softly. "Rose, are you up there?"

Rose wrenched open the door and stuck her head out. "Was that a bison that just ran by?"

"Uh... yeah. I'm sorry; I thought I could get her into the corral without waking you."

"Hannah!"

"It's all right; I know how to get her in there," Hannah said. "I just wanted to warn you she was out here, just in case."

"Thanks for the warning. How will you get her into the corral?"

"She loves corn on the cob. I have a sack of them; I was going to use them to keep her calm while she got used to her new digs. I'll guess I'll put them in the corral and wait for her to find them."

"As simple as that, huh?" Rose said, exasperated. How much could go wrong in a single night?

"I hope so."

"Damn it, Hannah, pick up your phone!" Cab wanted to smash his own phone to bits in frustration but he forced himself to keep his eye on the road ahead of him. After clarifying that Autumn, Morgan and Claire really had no idea where Rose had taken Fila, he'd wracked his own brain for where she might go. Her parents' place was out. So was the carriage house. Could she be staying with Hannah and Cody? When Hannah didn't answer her cell, he tried their landline.

"Hello?" a man answered sleepily as Cab pulled up in front of the house where Hannah and Cody lived.

"Who's this?" Cab demanded.

"Who's this?" the man said, more awake now.

"That you, Cody?"

"Yeah."

"It's Cab Johnson. You got Rose in there with you?"

There was a pause. "Rose?"

"I mean, is she staying with you and Hannah?"

"Nah. No one here but me. Hannah said she was spending the night with Autumn at the Cruz ranch. Something about a girls' night." His tone made it clear what he thought about that.

"Wait, Hannah is at Autumn's place?"

"Yeah, why?"

"Because I was just there and I didn't see..." Cab trailed off. Whoops. Might have put his foot in it there.

"You were there? And Hannah wasn't?" Sure enough, Cody was angry now. "You positive about that?"

"I'm not positive about anything." Cab got out of his truck. The front door of Cody's house opened and Cody stepped out onto the stoop still holding his cordless phone to his ear. Catching sight of Cab, he tossed it back in the house and came down the front steps. Cab shut off his phone, too.

"Why are you calling Hannah, anyway?" Cody demanded.

"Because I'm looking for Rose," Cab said. "I thought she might be here."

"Well, she ain't. She's probably off at some bar with Hannah cheating on you like Hannah's cheating on me."

"Don't get all fired up before you know what's happening."

"I'll get fired up if I damn well please." Cody strode toward his car.

"Don't do something you'll regret," Cab called after him.

"Oh, you better believe I won't regret anything I do," Cody said. A minute later he had backed his car out of the driveway and sped off into the night.

"Fuck," Cab said, jabbing his phone on again. He called the detachment and filled a deputy in on the situation. There wasn't anything they could do until Cody broke a law, but the deputy could alert the officers on patrol tonight and they could keep an eye out for him. He hoped Hannah was with Rose. Then Cody would have as much luck finding her as he was having.

Now what? Who else might know where Rose had gone? He scrolled through his memory, trying to think of all her friends. When the answer came, he felt a surge of adrenaline.

Mia Start.

He clicked through his recent calls until he found hers and hit the call back button. As the phone rang he held his breath.

"Hello?" Mia's little-girl voice answered.

"Mia? Where's Rose!"

"Uh..."

"I know she told you not to tell me, but she's in danger. I need to know."

"Why is she in danger?"

If he thought his tough-guy act could scare little Mia, he'd thought wrong. Cab opened his mouth to try again when his phone alerted him he had another call. It was the detachment.

"Hold on," he growled at Mia and switched over. "Cab here."

"It's Tom from the station. Listen, you'll never believe this. I'm at the hospital with Alan Higgens. He's beat up pretty bad."

"Alan?" The taxi driver? "I just spoke to him not long ago." Cab got back into his truck and turned the engine on.

"Four guys broke into his house, found him and beat the crap out of him. He can barely talk, but he said they looked foreign and spoke with pronounced accents."

Cab stiffened, his hands on the wheel, foot hard on the brake, remembering what Kevin had said. "Middle Eastern?"

"Yep. How did you know?"

"A little bird told me. What did they want?"

"Where he took one of his fares tonight. A woman. Alan said Jason Thayer put her into his cab and paid for her ride. He was supposed to take her to the Cruz ranch, but he took her to your place instead. Carl's place."

"That's right," Cab said, doing a U-turn and beginning to drive back toward Carl's. "He did. And she slipped out of the car and ran away. Did Alan tell them all that?"

"Yeah. I think so. Like I said, they beat him pretty badly. Left him for dead, I think, but Alan's tougher than he looks. Who are these guys? Who's the woman?"

"I don't know, but I can guess where they're going."

"I've already called units to Carl's place. It might take a while, though. There was a bad car accident near the airport. Everyone we've got is over there."

Cab frowned. The airport was in the other direction. "I'm not at my place. Neither is the woman. Rose got a hold of her and took her somewhere. I don't know where."

"Well, at least they're out of danger, then," Tom said.

"I guess," Cab said, but a hunch told him they weren't. Where was Rose?

Mia.

"Tom, I'm on my way back toward my place. Call you back in a minute."

"Okay. No heroics, boss. Wait for the backup."

Cab clicked off, not bothering to answer. "Mia? You still there?"

"Yes."

"You need to tell me where she is right now. She's got a runaway with her, Fila-a woman who's being chased by some very bad men. They've already beat up Alan Higgens to find out where she went. If they find Rose and Fila, she's going to be in serious danger. Alan told them they'd be at Carl's place and they're on their way there."

"Carl's?" Mia's voice shot up.

"Mia? They're not at Carl's, are they?" He'd checked the whole house. Could they have hid from him somewhere?

"Not at the house," Mia said in a small voice. "Rose is going to be really mad if I tell you."

"Rose might be dead if you don't tell me," Cab said bluntly. "Spit it out!"

"The woods. She built a tree house in Carl's woods."

Cab was speechless for a moment. A tree house? He thought back to all the boards she'd been cutting-for her shed. The shed she'd never built. But a tree house for crying out loud?

In Carl's woods?

Cab had a flash of the day he'd run into her driving on the road near Carl's. The day he'd asked her in to dinner and she'd cried about Jason.

He remembered wondering where she'd come from since she'd been heading back toward town. She couldn't have been at the Cruz ranch; that was the other way. He'd figured she'd come to see him, lost her nerve, driven right by his place, then come to her senses and turned back. But she hadn't, had she?

Because now he remembered the sound that had woken him up the night before that, and the slim figure he'd seen in the woods when he went to investigate.

Rose.

"Cab? You still there?" Mia asked.

Cab didn't answer her. It all made sense. Rose wanted time alone. She wanted to get away from Emory Thayer. She wanted to be by herself. Was she camping in Carl's woods?

Was she there now?

"Shit!" Cab cut off the call and redialed the station, slamming his foot down hard on the gas. He swung onto the country road that led out toward Carl's place. "Tom, get everyone out to Carl's-everyone you can. Now! The woman is out there and so is Rose."

He ended the call and called Ethan next, repeating everything he knew as he flew down the road, taking turns like a race car driver. All he could picture was Rose in the woods alone, four armed men hunting her. What would they do when they found her? He saw Sam Grady's crime scene. Amanda Strassburg's beaten and flayed body.

Not his Rose. Cab increased his speed, nearly losing control of the truck around the next curve.

"We're on our way," Ethan said without asking any questions. Cab knew he'd collect Jamie and Rob. They had plenty of shotguns on the ranch. Five minutes later he flashed past the lane to the Cruz ranch. He hoped the men were already on their way.

When he neared the mansion, he slowed down and parked near the end of the long driveway. Exiting his truck as quietly as possible, he crept up it slowly, taking his time and keeping as much as possible to the trees that fringed the property. He blew out a breath when he realized how right he'd been to do so. A car he didn't recognize was parked in front of the house and the front door was wide open, light from inside spilling out. Like him, the foreigners had chosen to search the house first. He hoped they wouldn't be more successful than he had been.

If the terrorists were in the house, however, that was good news for him and for Rose. All he needed to do was skirt around the yard, keep to the shadows and slip into the woods. Surely her tree house wouldn't be that hard to find, now that he knew what he was looking for.

As he began to work his way around the wide yard that surrounded Carl's mansion, he heard shouting from inside the house. A door slammed, several men spilled out onto the front porch. Cab froze.

He couldn't understand the language they were speaking, and now he knew exactly what Kevin meant when he said they were obviously foreigners and obviously looking for trouble. Perhaps these men thought they'd blend into middle America, but they were dead wrong. No one around here dressed like that, and no one spoke like that, either. They were all armed, Cab saw with a twist of his gut. And armed well, several of them with sub-machine guns. His Glock wasn't going to stand up to those.

He hoped they would head back to their car and drive away, but after a brief huddled conference, they ran down the steps, split up and raced around the mansion.

Straight for Carl's woods.

Cab swore and began to follow them as quickly as he could, but they had the advantage that they weren't trying to hide. He was. As they dashed across the lawn, around the house, and toward the woods out back, he had to trace a more difficult path, sticking to the shadows as much as possible, keeping far away from the house's floodlights. He darted from one ornamental tree to the next across the swath of grass. When he saw the four men enter the woods, he picked up his pace and soon made it to the tree line himself.

He stopped there to catch his breath and get his bearings. With the mansion's floodlights behind him, the woods in front of him seemed impenetrable. He eased his way between the trees, much slower now, afraid to bump into any lookout they might have left behind.

He'd only made it a few yards in when a stick snapped behind Cab and he whipped around, gun drawn and finger on the trigger.

"Don't shoot-it's us!"

He recognized the whisper and lowered the pistol with a breath of relief. Ethan moved through the shadows to join him, a shotgun in his hands. "I've got Jamie with me. Rob and his brothers will be here in a minute. What's going on?"

Cab gestured him on. He didn't want to give the men that much of a head start. He caught just a glimpse of Jamie slinking through the trees to their right before he turned his attention back to Ethan. "Far as I can tell Rose and this woman she's got with her-Fila-are sleeping in a tree house Rose built somewhere in these woods."

"You don't know where?"

"No. I've hardly been in here. But we've got to find them before those terrorists do," he said. "I figure she'd have picked a place back from the road, but not too far."

"How many men are there?"

"Four."

Ethan made a face. "At least Rob and the boys will be here soon. That oughta help things." Jamie, seeing them huddled together, came to join them. He, too, carried a shotgun. Cab hurriedly filled them in on what he'd seen at the house.

"There's a stocky one, looks like a bulldog. He's in charge. Three others. I saw three sub-machine guns. I'm not sure what the other one's carrying."

"Well, shit," Jamie said. "What's the plan?"

"We've got to spread out," Ethan said.

Cab agreed, but he didn't like it. "They don't know about the tree house and I don't think they know about Rose. They'll be looking for their girl to be hiding in here somewhere. They headed this way." He pointed to the section of woods closest to the road. "Jamie, you head farther back into the woods and see if you can find the tree house. If you do, get Rose and Fila back to Carl's."

Jamie nodded and slipped away.

"We'll trail these assholes and hope like hell the tree house isn't this way," Cab told Ethan.

Rose stumbled after Hannah in the dark, cursing at her friend's tender heart. As they walked, Hannah explained how Cody had dragged her to the ranch where he planned to go bison hunting and she'd been appalled to find there was only one animal there. Kept in a small, heavily fenced pen, the bison was obviously in distress. While Cody finalized his plans with the owner of the ranch, she'd slipped off to talk to some of the hands and was lucky enough to find one as disgusted as she was with the whole matter.

"Gladys was hand-raised," she sputtered to Rose. "Bottle-fed and everything. Her original owner dreamed of raising a herd, but didn't have enough land. In the end, he had to get rid of her. The way her new owner kept her was cruel, and to die by being hunted in a corral? That's just sick!"

Rose trailed after her, understanding her anger, but still not convinced it was realistic to think the two of them could round it up. They'd left Fila huddled in the tree house. Rose gave Hannah a quick rundown of the young woman's history and Hannah promised not to tell anyone her whereabouts.

"I still think we should at least wait until daylight," Rose said.

"We can't," Hannah said. "Can you imagine if she wanders out on the road? Someone could come around a turn and crash into her. They could be killed." She looked back at Rose. "I'll understand if you don't want to do this. Gladys is practically tame, but she's still a bison. It could get pretty dicey."

That was an understatement if Rose had ever heard one. "I don't know anything about herding bison."

"We won't herd her," Hannah said. "We'll lure her." She shook the bag of corn cobs. "She adores them. That's how I got her into the trailer. Hold on, I think I heard something."

Rose heard it, too. A snuff of breath, like a horse would make. "Is that her?"

Hannah peered into the darkness. "I think so. I don't think she likes all these trees." She quickly undid the ties on her bag of corncobs, reached in and held one out. "Here, Gladys, come and get it. I've got some tasty corn for you."

The beast snuffled again and Rose thought it came a little closer, although she couldn't make out anything in the murky light. Hannah was deliberately pointing her flashlight away from the direction of the beast. Rose moved nearer to Hannah. This seemed like a very bad idea.

"That's right," Hannah crooned to the animal. "Come to Mama. You love corn, don't you?"

Had Hannah lost her mind? Crooning to a fifteen hundred pound animal like it was a baby? The bison walked a few more steps their way. Hannah's flashlight picked out the shaggy fur on the animal's muscular back, but she kept the beam out of the animal's eyes.

This was insane.

Rose fought the urge to hold Hannah in front of her like a human shield, and prepared to jump away if the animal charged them. Instead, it walked up slowly to Hannah, a couple of lumbering steps at a time. Hannah put the corncob down on the ground and the bison bent its head to nibble it.

A man's shout startled all of them. Rose and Hannah whipped around toward the direction it came from. Gladys shied away, backstepped, then wheeled around and galloped off.

"Damn it!" Hannah said. "Who the hell is that?"

"I don't know," Rose said, a chill shimmering up her spine. "It sounded close to the tree house, though."

"Is it Cab?"

"I don't know," Rose said again. "I've got to go make sure Fila is all right. She'll bolt if he scares her." And what if it wasn't Cab at all? What if it was someone else?

Hannah looked the other way. "I've got to go after Gladys. I can't let her get away."

Rose nodded. "Once I figure out what's going on I'll come back to help." She dashed away through the woods toward the tree house as fast as she could, which wasn't fast at all given that Hannah had her flashlight. When she finally reached it some minutes later she paused, listening for the man's voice. She heard nothing.

Up above her the tree house was perfectly still.

"Fila," she hissed. "It's just me. I'm coming up."

She climbed the ladder, still craning her head to try to spot the man she'd heard. Was he hiding somewhere in the thick shadows? Why had he cried out? At the top of the ladder, she eased open the door and squinted at the darkness. "Fila? Are you in here?"

A slight rustle in the corner told her she was. Rose climbed into the house and shut the door quietly behind her. She felt in front of her as she crawled across the floor, her fingers encountering sleeping bags and blankets, a pillow, and finally a more solid form.

"Are you all right?"

"Who is out there?" Rose saw Fila's eyes reflecting starlight, huge and afraid.

"I'm not sure. Hannah's still going after her bison. I don't know who shouted."

"Wahid," Fila breathed. "It's Wahid. He's found me."

Another chill traced up Rose's spine. "One of the men who's after you?" Fila nodded. Rose thought fast. Could a foreigner really trace her all the way here? It seemed unlikely. On the other hand, it had seemed unlikely that anyone could steal a plane and crash it into a skyscraper, either. "If that's true, we're not safe here."

"No," Fila said.

A number of plans sped through Rose's mind. They could stay where they were, but if this Wahid and his men found them, they'd be cornered. They could make a break for Carl's house, but they'd have to cover a lot of open ground between the woods and the mansion-they could easily be spotted. They could run for the road and Rose's truck, but Rose's intuition told her the man-whoever he was-lay between it and them. Or they could move deeper into the woods. Hannah was back there, anyhow.

So was the bison.

"We'd better find Hannah," she said.

Fila nodded, looking grim.

The two women slipped down the ladder as silently as they could, took a moment to listen to the quiet forest, and then Rose led the way back toward where she'd left Hannah. This time the journey seemed to take forever, and shivers crept up and down her spine as she thought about the presence of a man in the forest with them. Not to mention the bison.

Had Hannah caught up to Gladys again? She pressed on, straining to hear Hannah's voice or the heavy footsteps of the beast. She was terrified she might walk right into the bison in this thick darkness.

There. Starlight revealed something man-made among the trees. A part of the corral Hannah had built for Gladys. She raced to it, hearing Fila's light footsteps behind her, and began to follow its perimeter. "Hannah?" she whispered, hoping she was near. "Hannah?"

Behind them gunfire rang out through the woods. Several shots in close succession.

Rose dropped to the ground instinctively, the air in her lungs whooshing out on impact. Fila dropped beside her. The gunfire stopped as abruptly as it had started. She exchanged a shocked look with the other woman. She'd never heard a sound like that. Not in person. Growing up in a Montana ranch town meant Rose had heard a shotgun blast or two, and knew a rifle shot when she heard one. This was different. This was... automatic.

"It's Wahid," Fila confirmed in a whisper. "He's here. For me."

"We've got to get out of here." But as soon as she said it, Rose knew she couldn't leave until she knew Hannah was safe, too. She gripped Fila's hand. "We find Hannah and then we leave."

Fila nodded again.

Rose scrambled to her knees and ducked under the split rail fence, then held a hand out to Fila to join her. Once they were both inside the corral, she straightened and followed the fence around. It made sense to search the corral first to see if Hannah was here.

Or did it? She stopped short and Fila bumped into her. What would Hannah's reaction to the gunfire be? Would she think the same thing Rose had-that first she had to find her friends before she could flee?

If so, she would turn around and head back to the tree house. Rose frowned.

"Hannah," she hissed again, moving more quickly now, determined to finish her circuit of the corral.

As she took another step forward, however, Rose had the uncanny sensation she and Fila weren't alone here. Prickles of fear traced up and down her spine and she stiffened, holding her breath. A snort of air some twenty feet in front of her alerted her to the beast's presence.

Hannah's bison.

In the corral with them. Eating something. Hannah's corn on the cob?

She put a hand out behind her and clutched the fabric of Fila's sleeve. She could dimly make out its shape now, a black hulking bulk by the far fence. Rose took a step back, trying to remember how far she'd ventured into the pen. Fila moved back too, guided by her. The beast snorted again. She saw motion dimly, heard a sound like a hoof scraping the ground.

"Fila, the bison's in here with us," she said in a voice just barely louder than a breath. "Stay behind me and back slowly to the fence. Once you're there, either go under it or over it." She took another step back. Another. Struggled to keep from turning tail and dashing away. Fila moved in tandem with her, silently gliding over the ground behind her. Another snort. Was the bison closer to them? She squinted at it, unable to tell.

Sliding her foot over the ground, she moved back farther. Another few steps should do it, but if she wasn't mistaken, the bison was moving, too. In fact, that scraping sound and the snort of its breath told her...

An enormous shape charged toward her. Rose shrieked and ran for it. Fila flitted before her, reached the fence, dropped down and rolled under the bottom rung. She was on her feet in an instant and disappeared into the gloom before Rose even made it to the split rails. Running full tilt, she crashed into them, grabbed the highest railing reflexively and scrambled to climb it.

Just as she reached the top, the bison's head hit the fence just to the left of her. The impact pitched her forward and she spilled to the ground on the other side. As soon as she hit the dirt she scrambled to regain her footing and dash away.

She lit out after Fila, back toward the tree house. With any luck the bison wouldn't find the gate and come after them.

Wishful thinking.

Where was Hannah? Had the animal found the corncobs by itself, or had Hannah herded it in there, then run away, startled by the gunfire, before she could latch the gate?

Rose careened to a stop. She still hadn't seen Fila. Where had the girl gone? Back to the tree house? Over toward Carl's? And what about Hannah? Should she wait for her? Or keep going?

After a moment's agonized deliberation, she turned and ran toward the tree house again.

Cab hoped like hell Jamie had found the women and gotten them to safety by now. He crouched behind a cross-section of two pine trees, one still standing, the other half-fallen to a forty-five degree angle. They'd lost the element of surprise when he'd slipped on a particularly wet patch of leaves and gone down hard on his knee. The closest terrorist had heard him, spun on his heel, shouted and alerted the others. Everyone had gone to ground.

Still, he knew that the men were still searching for Fila, and he and Ethan had continued to creep after them. This time the men had left a sentry behind them and when Cab and Ethan got to close, he opened fire.

That rat-a-tat of automatic weapon fire set every nerve in Cab on high alert. That wasn't a sound that belonged in Chance Creek. He and Ethan had holed up and decided to wait for reinforcements. Cab didn't like it, though. Rose was out there, and if she hadn't known the men were there before, she'd know now. How would she and Fila react? Would she stay put or would she make a run for it?

"Never thought I'd be in this situation," Rob said, appearing by his side. He passed Cab a shotgun, shoved a Glock in his own belt and checked the chamber of a Smith and Wesson.

"Neither did I," Cab said. "If I wanted this kind of action, I'd have joined the army." In his peripheral vision he saw three more men sift their way through the trees toward them. Rob's brothers-Jake, Ned and Luke.

"Have you seen the women?" Rob asked.

"No. I hope Jamie got them out of here."

Rob shook his head. "Met him back at Carl's house. Jamie was searching it again because he hadn't found them in the woods. He said to tell you the tree house was empty. If he doesn't turn up anything he'll head back into the woods farther in."

Cab swore under his breath. "Those two could be anywhere by now."

"Make that three," Rob said, peering into the dark forest ahead of them. "Hannah Ashton's truck is parked out by the street. We saw it when we drove past the woods. We planned to park the truck down the road and walk up the driveway."

"So Hannah's here, too?" Cab said.

"I'd say so. She had a horse trailer attached to her truck. The gate's down."

"She brought a horse?" That made no sense. Why would she ride a horse in the dead of night in Carl's woods?

Rob shrugged.

Cab reviewed the situation in his head. Three missing women. Three women lost in the middle of a firefight. He thought about the layout of the woods. The strip of trees ran roughly north-south. To the west lay the open land surrounding Carl's home and garden. To the east was a meadow that belonged to another spread. North lay a rough, wild country with nothing more than horse and ATV trails. On the south, the country road bordered it all. The strip of trees wasn't very wide, but it was deep. He hoped that if the women weren't at Carl's, that they'd head back into the wild country, away from the road and the armed men.

"Take my place." He pulled back from his position and waited for Rob to fill it. He positioned Jake, Ned and Luke nearby. Ethan held his place to the right. Once the men settled in, all was still.

The silence drew out for long minutes, until Cab began to wonder if the whole thing had been a dream. Maybe the men had slipped away and made a run for it. Maybe they knew they were out-manned, if not out-gunned.

A muffled curse to his left and nearly behind him revealed their opponents' real plan. "They're circling around," he snapped. "Move your positions!"

She'd lost both of them. Rose picked her way as silently through the woods as she could, stopping and listening after every step to hear something-anything. Both women had simply disappeared. As had the tree house. She should have seen it already, but it was nowhere to be found.

The only rational thing to do now was to head for Carl's as fast as she could. She had seen the floodlights blazing and knew she could find her way there. Maybe she'd find Hannah and Fila waiting there for her.

But somehow she knew that wasn't the case, and her conscience wouldn't allow her to run away if they were somewhere in these woods.

"Hannah?" she called softly. "Fila?"

No one answered for a long moment, but just as she decided to give up and head for Carl's after all, she heard a soft response.

"Rose?"

"Fila?" She felt her way forward and ran into something soft; Fila fumbling her way toward her.

"Thank God," Rose said. "I thought I'd lost you."

"Did you find your friend?"

"No," Rose shook her head. "I don't know where she is."

Fila took her hand, her own cold as ice. "We'll find her. Together."

They'd only gone a couple of steps before shots fired again.

Rob, Jake and Luke shifted quickly, bringing their line of defense from east-west to north-south. Ethan and Ned kept their weapons pointed toward the road to cover those who remained behind.

"How many of them are on the move?" Rob whispered to him.

"Can't tell," Cab said. "Look, we've got to..."

A shot rang out and Jake returned fire. Instantly the woods lit up with gunfire from all around them. Cab dropped to the ground, shimmied through the dirt into a better position and aimed for the sources of the fire, although he still couldn't see any of their assailants.

A few minutes later, Cab was thankful he'd sent the Mathesons to make a wider flank. Gunfire rang out to the northeast, but answering shots assured him the brothers were blocking the terrorists' way. It took everything he had not to join them as the shots fired concentrated on their position. If all of them shifted that way, they'd leave a hole in the center wide open for the rest of their assailants to slip through.

He identified three separate enemy shooters in front of them, positioned in an arc among the trees. All three were firing toward Rob and Jake. Where was the fourth?

And where was Rose?

As he turned to glance over his shoulder, a bullet whizzed by him close enough for him to hear its passage. He ducked down and returned his attention forward. The enemy was creeping closer. They outgunned him and the rest of his friends. He hoped his backup would make its appearance soon.

It should be coming any moment. He felt like he'd been in these woods for a year, but he knew it could only have been minutes. Soon he'd hear sirens. Maybe a helicopter. Tom would have called the SWAT team from Billings for sure, but they'd be some time coming.

Hang in there, he willed Rose and the rest of them. Just hang in there a little longer.

A man's cry of pain ripped through the night air.

"Rob!" he heard Jake call. "Damn, he's down!"

The gunfire cut off again when the men began shouting. Rose stumbled to a stop when she heard someone yell, "Rob! Damn, he's down!"

Rob? Rob Matheson? Was that his brother, Jake, yelling his name? Were the rest of the Mathesons here?

Was Cab?

"Come on!" Rose started forward at a run, still gripping Fila's hand. A moment later, she heard bushes rustling, and Hannah spilled out of a thicket in front of them.

"Rose?" Hannah's voice was strained. Rose could tell she was scared to death.

Rose gripped her hands in the dark and pulled her into a fierce hug. "It's me and Fila," she said.

"What's happening?"

"The men after Fila are here. But Rob and Jake Matheson are here, too."

"Rob and Jake?" Hannah looked blank. "How did they...?"

"Come on," Rose said. "We've got to get to them." She took both Hannah and Fila's hands. "Stick close to me," she ordered. She began to inch forward carefully. She'd have to call out when they got close to the Mathesons. Warn Jake and Rob they weren't the enemy.

"We can't go toward the gunfire," Hannah hissed, tugging back.

Somewhere in front of them, a man yelled, "Go-they're getting around us." Was it Rob? His voice was thick with pain and Rose's breath caught in her throat.

"Damn it. Luke, cut them off," Jake yelled.

There was a flurry of movement and suddenly a shot came from behind her. At the same time noise erupted in the direction of Carl's.

"They've got past Cab," Jake shouted. "Luke, where are you?"

Gunfire burst out again, bullets whizzed past Rose on all sides. "Down! Fila get down!" she yelled, dropping to her stomach and dragging Hannah and Fila with her. She pulled them close and lay as flat as she could, one hand gripping Hannah's arm, the other holding Fila.

"We're caught in the middle!" Hannah shrieked.

"Just keep down. They can't see us," Rose said. She pressed her face into the dirt and began to pray.

The gunmen had broken through on two sides and now there were no lines, there was no order to any of this. Cab returned the fire of the man who remained between him and the road, but Ethan now faced toward Carl's, trying to stop the intruder who was circling around. Rob was hurt, he didn't know how badly, and Jake and Luke were taking the brunt of the attack to his left. In a chaos of gunfire and shouting, he didn't see how it could get worse.

"Down!" a female voice rang out. "Fila, get down!"

Rose.

Cab spun around, trying desperately to locate her. She was back toward Jake and Luke somewhere.

Trapped.

A bullet whipped past close to his ear and Cab swore when he realized one of their opponents had made it past their line and circled around. Wherever those women were they were in the center of the gunfight now. With this kind of crossfire there was no way to get them out.

A shuffle of noise got his attention and Ned crawled up beside him. Cab grabbed his arm. "One of them has wrapped around behind us. Get as close to him as you can," he shouted in his ear over the deafening noise. "Take him out. You have to take him out!" He hoped Ethan's shots would soon find the one making his way toward Carl's.

He ducked as low as he could manage and darted toward where Rob still groaned in pain. Jake was crouched over his brothers' prone form. "Is he okay?"

"Don't know. Nothing we can do until we take them out or get some help." Jake waved a hand at the darkness, where gunfire still rippled out, keeping everyone pinned down.

"Where the fuck is that backup? They should be here by now," Cab growled. He moved beyond Rob, positioned himself in a half-crouch and joined Luke in holding off the other two gunmen. Just a few more minutes. Just a couple more minutes, he told himself again and again. They could do this. They could hold the gunmen back.

Another man's cry rang out.

Jamie. That's Jamie, Rose thought fighting to hold back tears. She was sure of it. The sound had come from the side of the woods nearest Carl's house. Beside her, Hannah cried out. Fila lay stiff and straight.

"We have to do something," Hannah hissed, her voice breaking.

"What?" Rose hissed back. "We don't have any weapons."

"That was Jamie!"

"I know it was. Shhh!"

Another man shouted and the gunfire dipped. He called out angrily, a torrent of foreign words that seemed to go on and on. Rose bit her lip, her fingers tight on her friends' arms. The gunfire slowed, but didn't stop. Still the man shouted. Rose didn't understand a word. Was that Arabic? Something else? What did they speak in Afghanistan?

"What is he saying?" Hannah hissed.

"I don't know," Rose said. She recognized the tone though-anger, righteousness.

Persuasion.

Something shifted beside her. Fila.

Rose whipped her head around. "No! Don't move! Whatever he's saying, don't you listen, Fila!"

"He's saying they'll let you go. They only want me. They don't want to hurt anyone."

"Don't believe him! You know it's not true." Rose let go of Hannah and clung to Fila with both hands.

"It's the only way," Fila said, pulling away from her. She was getting to her knees, Rose realized, preparing to stand up.

"No. He's lying! He'll still kill us all. He'll start with you." Rose scrambled up, too. Fila tried to detach herself but Rose clung on. "Get back down. You'll get us all killed."

"This is all because of me." Fila tugged free, but Rose flung herself forward and caught her ankle as she stood up. She jerked it hard and Fila crashed to the ground with a cry of pain.

Shouting erupted from all sides. Fila yanked her leg free again and scrambled forward on all fours. Rose went after her, but Hannah cried out, "No. Rose, stop!" as the gunfire intensified. While Hannah held her back, she watched in horror as Fila stood up to her full height and began to shout.

Cab's worst nightmare had come to life. Gunfire rang out from all sides, he couldn't see a thing in the dark, two of his friends were hurt and his backup was missing. When the gunman began to call out, at first he thought Cab might be asking for a truce, but the tone of the man's voice soon disabused him of that notion. He was haranguing someone. Calling them out.

Calling Fila out. The mystery woman. Cab was sure of it.

What would he say in this situation if he were the gunman? Come on out. We won't hurt your friends. Would Fila be smart enough to understand the game? Or would she fall for it and expose Rose, too?

Stay put, stay put, stay put, he willed at her, but when Rose cried out, he knew it was all over.

"No! Don't move! Whatever he's saying, don't you listen, Fila!" Rose shouted. A scuffle, more shouted words, and a lithe, dark shape rose up in the middle of the gunfight. It called out in a woman's voice.

Cab wished he knew what she was saying because her words chilled him to the bone like nothing else had this night. She didn't plead or cry or show any sign of weakness. She was giving it back to the man as good as she'd got. The minute she started speaking, the gunfire cut out. At first silence greeted her words, then a babble of foreign male voices. A shot rang out. Another burst of gunfire.

"Rose, stay down," Cab yelled. "All of you stay down!" He whipped around to face the source of the shots, squeezed off several of his own. A man cried out, something dropped to the ground and all was still again.

Fila, silenced a moment, began again, a river of shouted words he thought could skin a man alive. The other gunmen shouted back at her, furious replies to her harangue. They were moving, Cab realized. Bunching together. He called out a warning, just as the three men burst forward in a blaze of gunfire. His own friends returned fire from all sides, but Cab knew the women couldn't last in this kind of fight. Abandoning reason, he threw himself toward them, his only goal to get between Rose and the bullets.

As the gunmen raced forward, and the distance between them and Fila, between them and Rose shortened, Cab knew his cause was lost. He couldn't reach Rose in time. Couldn't stop these monsters. Couldn't...

A new sound shook the ground and at first Cab thought it was a bigger gun. He felt the shudders through the dirt beneath him. They vibrated through the soles of his feet, to his ankles, to his calves, to his knees. Something was coming.

Something big.

"We've got to stop her. She's going to get killed!" Rose cried as Hannah kept her from dashing after Fila.

When Fila began to shout at the gunmen, Rose fell back with a cry of fear. As tears rolled down her face, the forest filled with shouts and gunfire. The foreign men were grouping together. Pushing forward.

Coming for Fila.

One of the foreigners yelped in pain and there was confusion for a moment, but then the gunmen regrouped and pressed forward again. All the time Fila yelled streams of angry words back at them. The men answered, their guttural syllables as rough and frightening as their bullets.

Rose raised her hands to her face. Wanted to hide her eyes but couldn't. She could hardly see Fila in the darkness or make out anything else for that matter, except the sound of the weapons firing all around her.

"Oh, my God," Hannah gasped. "Oh no." She got to her knees.

Now Rose felt it too; something rumbling through the ground at them. An earthquake? Thunder?

"It's Gladys," Hannah said.

A high-pitched scream pierced the air and Fila crashed to the ground. The gunmen surged forward in a clash of shouts and gunfire.

A man bowled into Rose from the opposite direction, knocking her flat to the dirt. "Stay down," Cab hissed in her ear. Hannah huddled close to her and Cab flung an arm around them both.

The bison charged past, its hooves flashing, clattering against the hard-packed ground. The gunmen's shouts turned questioning. Fearful.

Terrified.

They scattered as Gladys charged through them. Rose heard the sickening crack of broken bone, a piercing shout and then silence.

A second later, voices echoed all around them. Men in uniform flooded the forest. Above them, the whirr of a helicopter's rotary blades split the air and a bright light turned night into day.

Rose wept with relief and terror as Cab held her. Police, deputies, and SWAT team members streamed toward them, flowing through the forest. Overrunning her sanctuary.

Rose clung to Cab as the world lurched, tipped, and finally went dark.

Chapter Fifteen

"Come back to us, sister. Let us make a gift of you to our brother-in-arms. These infidels will suck out your soul and poison you with their capitalist ways. Give your heart to Allah. Rejoin us, your brothers. Remember the true path!"

Wahid's voice had thundered through the night air, cutting through the gunfire like a knife aimed at her heart and Fila knew that she couldn't hide and risk the lives of the women who'd tried to save her. When she stood up, she didn't expect to survive, but before she died she was determined to finally answer back to Wahid and the rest of the men who had stolen her life.

"You don't know Allah. You don't know God. You think you're martyrs and instead you are nothing! Don't you have eyes to see? Ears to hear? A heart to feel? Haven't you noticed the screams and tears of the women you pretend to protect? Haven't you realized we're just as real as you are? A woman isn't a gift-she is a person. I am a person and I say no to you! I was never the woman you thought I was. I was never cowed. I never believed in your cause. And I am living proof that in the end you will fail!"

She expected every moment one of the bullets to tear her heart from her chest, but when the pain came it was her shoulder instead. Although the impact dropped her to the ground, the doctors now assured her she would recover fully. Her assailants had been captured. One had been killed.

It was over-ten long years of terror, hiding, running-over. For the first time in days she drifted into a heavy sleep.

"I wouldn't have believed it if I wasn't there," Ethan said, sitting back against the hospital waiting room seat. "A bison running loose in Carl's woods."

"How the hell did it get there?" Jake asked.

Cab thought he knew, but he didn't have the energy to speak just now. He'd spent the last six hours giving his own statement and helping to take the statements of all the other witnesses and participants of the night's shootout. It would take weeks to sort this mess out, but he didn't care.

Rose was alive.

Shaken, but alive. She was being kept under observation in a room down the hall shared with Fila, who'd received a superficial gunshot wound.

Jamie occupied another room with a bullet wound to his hip. Rob shared it, the most seriously hurt of all. He'd been hit just below his left shoulder, far too close to his heart for comfort. The bullet broke two ribs, but didn't penetrate past them. If it had, he was sure Rob would be dead.

Terrorists in the woods of Chance Creek. Just as Kevin had said.

He still couldn't decide if the old man got lucky on that one, or if he'd really seen the same men who came for Fila driving through town. Probably the latter, as much as Cab hated to admit it. If he had to start investigating every off-the-wall claim that man made, he'd never sleep.

Better not to sleep than to let Rose venture into danger again.

He'd paced the woods with the rest of the uniformed men after the victims were cleared, floodlights lighting every inch of the ground. When they found Rose's tree house, he'd nearly broken down. Filled with sleeping bags, clothing and evidence of the two women's dinner, it was obvious they'd felt safe there, nestled in their hideaway.

He wondered if they'd ever feel safe again. His heart ached for both of them. Hannah, too. The receptionist wasn't injured but she'd definitely been in shock when it was over. Her face as pale a sheet when they helped her to an ambulance, she kept looking around. Searching for something that wasn't there.

"I'm glad Rob's going to be okay. How's Rose doing?" Ethan asked.

Cab nodded. "Good. But I think I'll go check on her again."

He paced down the hall heavily, feeling far older than he had when he got up today. Yesterday. Whenever it was he'd slept last. When he reached the door to her room, he opened it to find Fila dozing, and Jason and Emory Thayer at the side of Rose's bed. He nearly closed the door again and left them alone, until he caught what Emory was saying.

"Rose knows she made a mistake, Jason. Didn't you, Rose? Just as soon as you're home for good, the two of you will get married, just like you always planned."

Rose looked miserable lying under her covers, and Cab knew instinctively that left alone with Jason and Emory, she'd cave in to their demands. They were too much to face on a normal day. Now she was hurt, terrified. He wouldn't let them bully her into anything.

He let himself into the room quietly and took a seat on a hard plastic chair near the door.

"Won't you, Rose?" Emory demanded.

Rose cast a glance at Cab. He met her gaze and held it. He willed her to know how much he loved her. How much he wanted her to be a part of his life. And how he'd back off and let her make up her own mind.

"No," she said.

"What do you mean, no?" Emory said.

"Dad," Jason said. "Let it go. I told you; it's over."

"You've been engaged for six years. It can't be over."

"I'm sorry." Rose touched Jason's hand.

"Don't be sorry," Jason said. "Both of us changed. It's okay."

"It's not okay!" Emory turned on him. "What'll you come back for, if it's not for her? You certainly won't come back for me! Who've I got now that your mother's gone? No one!"

Jason turned to him in surprise. "I come back all the time!"

"Twice this year is not all the time!"

Cab stood up, crossed the room and shepherded them both toward the door. When he'd pushed them gently but firmly out into the hall, he said, "Time for the two of you to sort things out between yourselves without putting Rose in the middle of it all."

Several hours later, Jason slipped back into Rose's room alone and Rose understood he'd come to say good-bye. She knew it was the right thing for both of them, but now it came time to actually do it, she found it harder than she'd expected. They'd drifted apart this last year, but he'd been a fixture in her life for a long time. They'd been friends and lovers, and she'd dreamed for years of a future together. It was hard to let all of that go.

He sat beside her on the hospital bed and took her hand. "I'll miss you," he said.

"I'm so sorry I didn't come to North Dakota and sort things out in person," she said. "I took the coward's way out."

"Rose, whatever you are it's not a coward. If anyone was cowardly, I was. I didn't tell you what was going on. I didn't trust that you would understand."

"What was going on?" she asked softly.

"I didn't save up any money," he said. "I lied to you the whole time."

Rose blinked. "You didn't save..." That was the last thing she'd expected him to say. She figured he'd simply found another girlfriend. "What were you doing all this time?"

Jason's cheeks reddened. "I'm in college, honey. I've been in school for nearly four years. I'm so sorry I didn't tell you. I didn't tell Dad, either. I guess I was afraid both of you would think I was being selfish. I didn't save a dime for our house. I spent it all on myself. That's why I had such a hard time coming here and being with you. I felt so guilty every time I saw the ring on your finger. I'd... promised you this life that I didn't want to live anymore. I don't want to come back to Chance Creek. I don't want to settle down. There's a whole big world out there, Rose. I want to see it. I want to travel. I want to go where the money is. I just didn't know how to tell you."

Relief flooded Rose. Jason hadn't wanted to marry her any more than she wanted to marry him. "You can't blame yourself for your plans changing," she said. "We were eighteen when we got engaged, for crying out loud. Why did our parents even let us do it?"

"I'm not sure they could have stopped us." Jason grinned. "I don't think they wanted to. They wanted our families joined. They wanted us both to stay in Chance Creek."

Rose nodded. "But you don't want to stay. I understand that. I understand your wanting more from life, too. I want more from life than I wanted at eighteen, you know. I want to pursue my art. I want a chance to see what I can do."

He looked down. "That's the worst of it, isn't it? I've been telling you not to do it. I was afraid if you started spending money on school you'd ask me to help with your rent and all that... and you'd catch me in my lies. I'm such a fool."

She squeezed his hand. "I don't hold anything against you, I hope you know that. I was in love with you when I said yes to your proposal."

"But now you love Cab."

She looked away, tears filling her eyes. "Yes. I think I do. Just promise me you won't be unhappy, Jason. Tell me the truth."

"The truth? It hurts, breaking up like this. It hurts to see you with Cab. But it's a clean pain. I'll get over it. Now I can move forward without feeling bad. Know what I mean?"

"Definitely. I can't wait to hear what you get up to, you know. Send me some postcards."

"Oh, you'll hear about me. I promise. I'm going to make a name for myself. And I'm going to come back and spend time with Dad, too. I should have been doing that all along." He raised her hand to his mouth, kissed it gently, and walked toward the door. "Don't wait too long to say yes to that sheriff of yours. Make him a happy man, Rose. And let him make you happy, too."

"You know what all of this means, don't you?" Rob said. He lay back in his hospital bed, a bandage wrapped around his chest and an IV in his arm. Cab could tell he was already getting restless. Rob wasn't one to lounge around in bed unless there was a beautiful woman beside him. He didn't envy Morgan the task of playing nurse while he recovered. Jamie lay in a second bed, the bandage on his hip hidden from view by his covers.

"What?" Cab asked. He, Jake, Ned, and Luke sat in a semi-circle around the room. Morgan, Claire, Autumn and Ethan were conferring in the waiting room about how best to arrange things at the ranch now that two of their men were laid up.

"We're going to have to take ourselves bison hunting. Won't Cody be pleased?"

"Hannah's not going to like that," Jake drawled. "Did you hear her going on last night? About how the bison saved everyone's life?" Cab shot him a look. He'd heard Hannah going on. He'd also seen Jake hovering around the pretty blonde, putting an arm around her to help her into the ambulance. These Matheson boys had a history of capitalizing on traumatic events.

"It did save people's lives," he pointed out. "No telling what it will do next, though."

"We can hunt it down and have a bison roast," Rob said. "Hell, we don't even have to hunt it; we can just sic Cody on it. Wasn't he dying for the chance?"

"You're not hunting anything," Cab told him. "And I don't want Cody anywhere near those woods."

"How did it get into Carl's woods anyway?" Jamie asked. He shifted in his bed and winced at the pain. There would be no lasting effects from the bullet grazing his hip, but he'd be sore for a while, Cab figured.

He decided it was time to tell them. "Hannah brought it there," he said. "Seems Cody had the bright idea to take her by the place where he was going to hunt the bison and it turned out there was only one, kept in a pen barely big enough for it to turn around in. When she saw the situation she decided she couldn't stand for it."

"How the hell did she move it?" Jake said, sitting forward in his seat, his hat in his hands.

"With that horse trailer she had." Cab shrugged. "Maybe that bison knew a good thing when it saw it."

"That's... insane," Rob said.

"Actually, turns out the thing was hand-raised as a pet before its original owner gave it up. As far as bison go, I guess it's pretty gentle."

"Does she plan to keep it for a pet?" Jake asked.

"She told me she meant to find a bison ranch that raises and treats them ethically. Hannah's no vegetarian," Cab smiled, "but she doesn't believe in cruelty."

"She stole that animal, though," Rob pointed out. "Won't she be in trouble?"

"I figure I'll offer the owners a fair price for it, point out that what they're doing is illegal and she won't have to give it back. She'll have to find a better place for it than Carl's woods, though." He chuckled.

"She can keep it at our place. I'll even pay for it," Jake stated, taking the bait Cab had laid out for him so cleverly. Yep, Jake was stuck on Hannah, no doubt about that.

"Our place?" Ned asked.

"Why not?" Jake challenged him.

Ned shrugged. "What about that foreign girl-Fila?"

"She'll stay at the Cruz ranch until things are sorted out. A lot of people are going to be interested in what that girl knows," Cab said grimly. "Best for her to be among friends until that all plays out. Claire says she'll find a lawyer who can help prove Fila's citizenship. We'll go from there."

"What about Rose and Jason?" Rob asked him. "They still broken up?"

Cab nodded.

"Time for you to go buy that ring."

"What will you do now? When you get out of here?" Autumn asked Rose. She'd slipped into the room and tiptoed past Fila's sleeping form to take a seat near Rose's head.

Rose couldn't sleep in the hospital's antiseptic atmosphere so she welcomed the distraction. "I'm not entirely sure," she confessed. "I don't think I can live out in the tree house anymore."

Autumn chuckled. "I can see why."

Rose's eyes filled with tears. "I'll miss it, though. I liked having a place of my own."

"I have an idea," Autumn said. "You know the old cabin on our property-the one Jamie lived in back when he was a hired hand? Rob and Morgan are staying there now until they build their house in the spring."

Rose nodded.

"Well, Rob has his own cabin sitting empty on the Double-Bar-K. He and his folks were arguing when he left home and moved to our land with Morgan, but that's all sorted out. There's no reason he and Morgan can't shift their quarters over there for the winter and you can take the cabin they vacate."

"Oh, no," Rose said. "I'm not going to kick Rob and Morgan out of their home. He's just been shot! Besides, I can't afford it. I need to save every penny because I want to enroll in school."

"Well, I have an idea about that, too," Autumn said. She played with the covers on Rose's bed, pleating the top sheet in her fingers. "I know it's not much to offer, but I really need help with the guests, especially this spring." She laid a hand on her belly. "Morgan has been a godsend but the minute the ground warms up she'll be frantic getting her vineyard planted. The job doesn't pay much, but you could have the cabin rent-free. You know what the work entails since you've helped out in the past." She trailed off, looking uncertain. "You probably don't want to do it."

"Are you kidding?" Rose said. "I'd love to! When I helped out over the summer I had a blast. I should have quit the jewelry store back then, but I was so set on staying there while I waited for Jason." She sobered. "But I do want to go to school."

"We can arrange your hours around your classes," Autumn said, her eyes lighting up at Rose's response. "It would be so much more fun working with you than hiring someone I don't know too well. There won't be too many hours at first," she cautioned Rose. "But it will pick up as the spring goes on."

"That's terrific!" Rose said. "And Fila's staying at the Big House for a while? It'll be like a party."

Autumn grinned. "I think Mia might move in, too. I can't wait."

Rose pushed herself up on her elbows. "They could share the cabin with me."

The corners of Autumn's mouth drew up even higher. "I think I'll keep them up at the house. I have a feeling someone else will want to move in with you before too long."

"I'm sorry it's not much of a hideaway anymore," Cab said two weeks later as he stood with Rose at the base of her tree house. A first snowfall covered the ground, hiding all traces of the investigation of the site except for a few torn bits of yellow police tape that dangled from the trees.

Rose nodded.

"I got a note from Carl," Cab said gently. "He plans to come back in the spring."

"I guess he'll want me to take this down."

"He might." Cab took her hand. "How do you like your new house?"

"I love the cabin on the Cruz ranch," Rose said. "It's even got an extra bedroom for my studio. And Autumn and Ethan have both sworn they'll never enter it without asking for permission first. I still feel guilty about kicking Morgan and Rob out-especially Rob."

"Are you kidding? His mother's showering attention on him like he's five years old. They both love it. Lisa's help with Rob makes things easier on Morgan and it gives all of them a chance to smooth over any last remnants of their old argument. Sounds like Rob and Morgan will break ground on their new house at the first sign of spring, anyway, so don't worry about a thing."

They contemplated the little house in silence.

"Do you like working with Autumn?" Cab asked.

"Yes. She's great."

"You know there's a lot of forested land on the Cruz ranch."

"Sure."

"I talked to Ethan yesterday. He said he'd be happy to let you build a new tree house over there in the spring."

"Really?" She brightened, then frowned. "Why wait until spring?"

"There's snow on the ground."

"I think I'll insulate my next one," Rose said.

Cab heaved a sigh. "Then I'll never see you."

She chuckled, but edged closer to Cab and leaned against him a little. He'd made sure not to crowd her during these past few weeks-he didn't want to rush her into a relationship after everything that had happened-but he kept close enough to let her know he was there whenever she was ready for him.

"You don't mind that I want the space?" she asked him.

"I would have... before. I might have wanted to rank a little higher than your painting." He hoped she knew what he meant.

"What's different now?"

"I learned the only thing that matters is that you're safe and happy. That you're alive."

"Thanks to you."

"Thanks to Hannah's bison, you mean." He kissed her on top of her head. "Tell me if you want any help building the new one. If you don't, I won't come anywhere near it. Scout's honor."

She smiled. "I probably could use some help. In fact," she turned to the tree house again. "I think you'd better come take a look at this one so you'll know what I like."

He looked askance at the ladder. "Think that thing will hold my weight?"

"Only one way to find out."

The ladder did hold his weight and the tree house floor didn't even sag when they unrolled the sleeping bags left from the last time she'd stayed here and arranged them into a comfortable nest.

"It's nice," Cab said once she'd turned on the tiny propane heater, "but it's lacking a pool table."

Rose smiled. "You're right. I guess we'll just have to use our imaginations." She unzipped her winter coat and took off her mittens and hat, shivering in the cold air. Cab joined her, shucking off his outer layers and kicking off his boots.

"Hmm, I just sunk a great shot," Rose said.

"Oh yeah?" Cab unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it aside.

"Oops, scratched the next one." Rose peeled her sweater over her head.

"I sunk one in the corner and another one in the side pocket." Cab helped her to unbutton her blouse. She laid it on the ground, and shimmied off her jeans.

"What next?"

"Sunk another one," Cab said.

Rose unhooked her bra happily, unable to wait any longer to feel the touch of his hands on her skin. He didn't disappoint her. He cupped her breasts in his hands, bent down and took one nipple into his mouth. Rose sighed in delight as he played with her, attending to first one breast and then the other until she arched her back, reveling in the sensation.

"I missed my shot," Cab said, coming up for air. She moaned when he left her to shuck off his pants, but soon found the waistband of his boxers when he came back and reached inside them to enjoy him as much as he was enjoying her.

"I sunk two in a row," she said. A few moments later, Cab was naked. He lay down on the pile of covers and wrapped himself in a sleeping bag.

"I sunk the rest." He reached for her.

Rose only held off for the time it took to shimmy out of her panties, then came to him in the sleeping bag with her socks still on.

"I said all of them." Cab tugged at her socks with his toes and Rose laughed, but allowed him to take them off, too. She knew how he felt; like he couldn't get enough of her, couldn't get close enough to her. She wanted him as much as he wanted her.

More.

"I can't wait to feel you inside of me," Rose whispered as she lay down beside him, loving the way her breasts felt when they rubbed against his skin.

"You don't have to," he said, pulling her on top of him. "You can have me whenever and however you want."

"Really?" She sat atop him and wriggled a little, closing her eyes at the way his hardness pressed against her. When he reached up to cup her breasts again, she moaned.

"Like that?" he asked.

"Mmm-hmmm."

"Like this?" He half sat up to take first one, then the other nipple into his mouth again.

"Yes."

"Good thing you warned me earlier you planned to jump me today." He fished a condom out of his jeans pocket. Leaning back, he took a moment to put it on. Rose shifted to allow him the space to do so, then resumed her seat with enthusiasm. She edged around until he was positioned exactly right. Her hands planted on top of his chest, she eased herself onto him, pushing back to sink him deep within her.

Cab let out a ragged breath.

"You like that?" she whispered.

"You know it."

She began to rock her hips. "How about that?"

He slid his hands over her back and down to her ass. "Excellent." Now he helped establish the rhythm, rocking her on top of him, gripping her hips to ease himself in and out.

Rose gave up control to him. She loved it when he made love to her, loved it when he possessed her.

Trusted him to give her every inch of pleasure imaginable.

As she rocked above him, Cab captured her wrists and held them by her hips so that her breasts pushed forward and swayed with every move. He moved in and out of her with deep, strong strokes, and her body swung with him, her senses on fire.

She knew he was watching her. Knew he adored every curve of her body. She pushed against him as he pushed into her, met him stroke for stroke. She felt so safe with Cab that she could abandon her inhibitions. Constrained by the confines of the tree house, they might choose a sensible position like this one, but safe in their cozy cabin in the future she could imagine all kinds of games they might play.

Those imaginings left her raw with desire and she increased her pace, rising and falling faster. When she went over the edge and cried aloud, Cab grunted beneath her and bucked against her hips. She rode her climax as long as she could, allowing her moans of pleasure to fill the air. When she was done, she collapsed forward and Cab caught her in his arms.

He kissed her long and hard, pulled away and looked into her eyes. "I love you, Rose. You know that, right?"

Rose nodded.

She did know that. And she loved him back.

Cab found himself shaking when he reached for his pants and pulled the small velvet box from the pocket. It wasn't the cold, although now that they'd stopped making love to each other the chill in the air was sharpening again.

He knew he was taking a chance. It was much too soon. Rose had been through a lot these past months, and she'd only broken up with Jason recently.

Still, what he'd learned the night of the shootout was that he never wanted to be away from her, and he didn't want to wait one more day than he had to before he made her his wife.

He pushed himself up to a seated position, cuddled her into his lap, and arranged the sleeping bags around them to keep her warm. "Rose, I made you a promise that I would back off and let you have some time. I told you I'd give you room to find yourself before I pushed back into your life. I lied. I don't want to back off. I don't want to give you space. I don't want to leave you alone." He kissed her again. "I love you. I want to spend my life with you. Take all the time you need to answer because I'm not going anywhere. I'll be right here, wherever you are. I won't boss you around. I won't tell you what to do, but I'll be here. Waiting for you. Rose, will you marry me?"

"Yes." She threw arms around his neck, rained kisses down on his cheeks, forehead and chin. "I thought you'd never ask. I've been waiting for weeks!"

"Weeks?" he said when he could breathe again.

"Ever since that night-you know," she said. "I realized I know what I want-and it's all right here. Right in front of me."

Relief overwhelmed him and he wrapped his arms around her, cradling her against his chest. If only they could stay here, safe and together in this small house she'd built with her own hands. Cab promised himself he would disassemble it board by board and rebuild it on the Cruz ranch. His wife would have her private space.

"Will you let me in your new tree house when we're married? Once in a while?" He traced a finger down her jaw and lifted her chin to kiss her again.

"Sometimes," Rose said, kissing him back. "When I want some." She giggled when he tipped her over onto her back.

"When you want some, huh? How often will that be?" Cab settled himself between her legs and directed his attention to her breasts again. Maybe she'd get some right now.

"All the time." She grew serious. "But if we get married, where will you want to live?"

"In the cabin with you if you want," Cab said, propping himself up on one elbow. "I talked to Ethan about that, too. With Jamie and Rob injured, he could use some help, and the truth is I'm sick of being the only one of us who doesn't live on that ranch. When we outgrow the cabin, we could build our own place just like Rob and Morgan. I have some money saved. Might as well invest in the ranch as in anything else. With you working with Autumn... just makes sense. What do you think?" He watched her expression with interest.

"Sounds like heaven," she said. "It sounds perfect, Cab."

"You're perfect." Cab traced kisses over her porcelain skin. "I hope you think this is perfect, too." He popped open the velvet case and held it up to her.

Rose stilled beneath him.

"What did you feel when I put it on your finger that day?" he asked her softly. He drew the beautiful ring out and slid it on her finger.

"Like I was about to get everything I'd ever dreamed of."

Epilogue

"It's been a hell of a year so far," Ethan said, pushing back from the long dining room table. Since everyone had scattered to their families for Thanksgiving, he and Autumn had decided to have a second turkey dinner in early December with just their friends present to honor Cab and Rose's engagement. As Rose looked around the table, she felt like this gathering represented a new family for her. Ethan and Autumn sat at either end of the table. Claire and Jamie sat together, as did Rob and Morgan. Hannah, Mia and Fila, who were all staying in rooms in the Big House, had joined them, too, as had Rob's brothers. She looked forward to becoming closer to all of them, and looked forward to her springtime wedding as well. On the one hand, she hadn't wanted to wait to get married to Cab. On the other hand, she'd attended the weddings of the other couples around this table, and she wanted what they had-an outdoor ceremony and celebration on the wide lawn of the ranch that she loved. Then she'd really feel like she'd come home.

She was excited that not only would she and Cab live here, but that they would buy into the operation as well. She wouldn't be Autumn's employee, after all; she'd be her partner. She loved the possibilities that presented. Jason had been right about how hard it was to make a living as an artist. While she still planned to go to school, she knew she'd be hard pressed to make her full income off her painting. With Hannah, Mia and Fila at the ranch-and very few guests at this time of year-there were plenty of hands for all the work, and she had lots of time to paint. Still, she didn't dread the busier spring and summer season. Working with Autumn-being a part of the ranch-gave her the ability to support herself in a job she'd like while continuing to pursue a passion she loved. For the first time in her life, she felt like a true artist. The second bedroom at her cabin burst with her paints and canvasses and easels. She never felt pressured to put anything away, and no one ever intruded. Not even Cab, and he was living with her.

Along with their spring wedding would come a number of babies. Autumn was due toward the end of February, Claire in June. Morgan's baby should arrive early in July, with Mia's following soon afterward, although that was still a secret.

"Here's to all of us," Ethan said. "And those yet to be born!"

Cab looked at her significantly as they raised their glasses and she smiled back. She knew he wanted children and she wanted them, too. When any children came, she'd be ready for them. She was ready for anything with Cab by her side. It occurred to her now that all her difficulty in speaking up for herself with Jason was a symptom of being with the wrong man. Cab was every bit as strong-willed as Jason-stronger, even. But he'd learned the lesson of her need for independence quick as a wink, while Jason never quite did. She took Cab's hand and squeezed it.

"Here's to next year being as happy as this one," Autumn said from the opposite end of the table. She raised a glass of sparkling grape juice and toasted them. Ethan raised his glass of champagne. Everyone else raised their glasses, too. Cab lifted his and smiled at her. As she clinked hers against it, the ring on her finger sparkled and she felt the now-familiar zing of rightness with the world.

She reached over and kissed Cab's cheek. "I love you."

"I love you, too."

