Chapter 1

"Who the hell are you?"

Sydney jumped and spun around at the harsh, deep voice. The tall, huge man behind her was more than terrifying. He was....well, she couldn't quite put an adjective to the feelings that were running through her at the moment, but it caused her knees to tremble and her heart rate to spin out of control. She was eternally grateful that she was sitting down instead of standing, although that did put her at a severe height disadvantage.

"I'm....uh..." She was so flustered, she wasn't exactly sure how to explain her presence. It seemed that the man's sudden appearance and his glaring, angry countenance had rendered her common sense to be absent at the moment.

Dominic Carson rolled his eyes, ignoring the lovely woman's pale cheeks and the fascinating sparkle in those green eyes. He was here to work and not gawk at some pretty face that decided to plunk down in his assistant's chair. "Okay, so you're confused. Just get out of this area quickly or I'll call security."

He stood there glaring down at her and Sydney had a hard time maintaining her grip on the heavy files that she was holding. Placing them onto the elegant desk beside her, she stood and nervously smoothed down her skirt and jerked her suit jacket over the front of her, hoping it didn't look as messy as she felt. "Actually, I'm your temporary assistant today," she explained, clearing her throat when it sounded too mousy. This man didn't look like he would respect mousy.

As she surveyed his tall, immaculately dressed and overly muscular frame, she suspected that this man didn't respect many people, mousy or not. That irritated her and she stood up straighter, unaware that her chin was jutting out with a jerk of defiance at his assumed authority.

Dominic wanted to laugh. Her feigned boldness in the face of her barely concealed nervousness actually made her look cute. He didn't tell her that, but his mind definitely shifted slightly with her adorable chin sticking out as if she were ready to take him on. He had to respect her spunk since not many dared to defy him. Regardless, he had work to do and didn't have time to admire anything about this woman. She had to go.

"You're too young and inexperienced to handle this job. Go back to personnel and tell them to send me someone more experienced." He started to walk away, determined to dismiss the woman. If he'd seen those beautiful, green eyes paired with those luscious, red lips in a bar or a restaurant, he'd definitely approach her. But she was the soft, lush kind of woman that he wanted in his bed. Not in his office.

Sydney couldn't believe the gall of this man! He'd walked in, sized her up and found her lacking after just one, arrogant glare? How ridiculous! And unfair!

She stood up, visibly shaking, offended by his attitude but trying valiantly to be brave in the face of his withering glare. "I was originally assigned to someone down on the tenth floor today, but too many people are out sick with the flu. So when I arrived, your HR department ordered me to come up here and fill in for your assistant. Apparently, no one else is available to assist you today, experienced or otherwise. But since you seem fully capable of handling everything yourself, I'll just take my leave. I'll stop by your HR department on my way out and let them know that you don't require any assistance today, and probably for the next several days since the flu isn't a one day condition."

She turned on her barely presentable, obviously cheap shoe and pulled her worn out purse out of the drawer she'd stuck it into an hour ago. Sydney didn't bother to even look at the man as she walked towards the exit. She was very proud of herself for maintaining her professionalism in the face of such outright rudeness but she also wanted to high-tail it out of this area. This man was a horrible human being!

"Stop right there," she heard him command.

In the end, she stopped, but there was a long moment while she silently debated the issue. Her student loans piling up was the decision maker. And the fact that she had only peanut butter and bread until she got paid next week since she'd just emptied out her bank account to pay her final semester's tuition.

Being a grad student was expensive but this job paid extremely well. It would have taken her through the next month if she was careful. But if he was going to obnoxiously dismiss her, she was out of here.

When he was standing over her once again, the trembling actually increased. She wanted to slap him, to say something that would bring him down a peg or two, but she could barely speak with him towering over her like this.

Dominic looked down at her, noting her trembling but respecting the fact that she was confident enough to stand up to him. He wasn't going to relent though. If she was an idiot, he'd kick her out of here without pause. "Can you type?"

Sydney blinked, surprised by the unexpected, rude question. "Yes."

"And answer phones?" he snapped.

She tried very hard not to roll her eyes. "Yes."

Another long moment of silence where she stood trembling, wishing she could just slap his face and tell him exactly where he could shove this job.

"Don't mess up my schedule," he snapped, then turned around abruptly and headed into his office. "Judy has probably e-mailed a list of instructions and outstanding tasks to complete. Make sure you get as many of them finished as possible in the next hour."

Sydney resisted the urge to throw her purse at his back, relishing the idea of how surprised he'd be at the assault. Of course, he'd probably have her arrested, but as he disappeared behind the double doors at the other end of the room, she wondered if it might be worth it.

Remember her loans, she told herself and took a deep, calming breath. This job paid three times the hourly rate as the other jobs she'd been doing lately. When they'd offered her the role, she hadn't understood why they would pay so much. Now she grasped the problem. It wasn't the work. In fact, she'd already finished all the action items on Judy's list and was working on filing the contracts that had been left on the corner of the regular assistant's desk. The only reason this job paid so much more than normal was because of that man and his horrible attitude!

Storing her beaten up, faux-leather purse back in the drawer, she almost fell into her chair but quickly pulled herself forward. For a long moment, she just sat there, trying to calm herself, get her anger under control. She really disliked that man. She couldn't ever remember instantly disliking someone as intensely as she felt towards him.

She glanced at his nameplate. Dominic Carson. As a grad student working towards her degree in psychology, she'd read studies about both his work style and the meteoric growth of his company. He was a case study in work relationships, which was pretty ironic when she contemplated her first confrontation of the morning with the man. The reports of his business prowess, his charisma and persuasive abilities were obviously overstated, she thought with irritation.

"I can do this," she whispered to herself and turned to face the computer.

Dominic glared at the files neatly typed up on his desk with growing irritation. How had the woman accomplished all of this already? Even Judy wasn't this good.

As he flipped through the files, his eyes speed reading the words, he didn't even find a damn mistake. How was he supposed to get rid of her when she didn't make any errors? His irritation over her presence grew ten-fold. She was a distraction, not an assistant!

He couldn't believe how quickly his body had reacted to her lush, feminine form as soon as he'd stepped off of the elevators a few moments ago. He'd never reacted that strongly to any female but her figure, encased in possibly the worst, ugliest and cheapest suit he'd ever seen in his life, was round in all the right places. Full and sumptuous and his hands actually ached to explore her curves. She wasn't fat, but nor could she be considered skinny either. She was just...delectable.

Mentally, he groaned and admonished himself to get a grip. He had a busy day today with the final negotiations for a multi-billion dollar acquisition. He couldn't be distracted. Unfortunately, even her enchanting facial features had struck him deeply. He'd wanted to touch her, reach out and feel her soft, peach-like skin. When she'd glared at him with those green eyes, he'd actually wanted to laugh at her courage. Applaud her even! And her hair! Whatever punishment she was enduring by wearing that suit, her hair was the opposite. It was soft and full, small tendrils coming out of the clip behind her head which curled around her lovely features. The rest of that thick, dark brown hair fell like a cascade down her back and he wanted to run his hands through the tresses, to feel it flow through his fingers.

He sighed and re-focused on work. The contracts were to be signed today and he had no business thinking about the woman's hair, curly or otherwise.

Why was her hair so soft and beautiful while her suit was about two sizes too large and made of the worst, synthetic crap he'd ever seen in his life? The two parts simply didn't match.

He'd never met anyone with as much daring in the face of his wrath before and he couldn't help but be impressed.

Damn, he wanted her! Never had he been instantly attracted to any woman before. From the time he'd made his first billion ten years ago, women had been throwing themselves at him. At times it was merely a nuisance and other times his security team actually had to block their advances.

And now he was going to be tortured for who knew how many hours by a woman he could easily spend the rest of the day in bed exploring and discovering all her secrets.

His computer pinged indicating that he had a message. And damn if she hadn't done it exactly right the first time. The woman sitting out at Judy's desk must be pretty smart if she'd already figured out the message system. Judy constantly grumbled about its quirks and weaknesses.

He pressed the message, already guessing what it was. Sure enough, his first appointment had arrived and was waiting out in her area.

He took another moment to skim through his other messages. One in particular he needed to read. From his human resources director, he found out that Ms. Sydney Watson was a graduate student at NYU who had excellent qualifications although not as much experience. Due to the flu virus that was knocking out people left and right, there were limited resources from which they could pull people to assist.

Sydney. He tested the name out in his mind and thought that it suited her perfectly. A bit spicy, still elegant despite her atrocious suit. The suit was probably due to her student status though and not just to bad taste or an innate thriftiness.

A graduate student, huh? He liked that about her. Ambitious, smart...probably an overachiever.

The next few days suddenly didn't seem so grim, he thought as he walked out to greet Jim McMahan, his first appointment. Normally, Judy would send his appointments to him but he decided to switch things around a bit while Ms. Sydney Watson was here.

Sydney smiled to the older gentleman as she handed him a cup of coffee. "Is there anything else I can get you while you wait, Mr. McMahan?" she asked, her eyes smiling in reaction to the twinkle in the older man's eyes. He'd arrived a few minutes early to His Highness' meeting time and they'd been chatting while she fixed him a cup of coffee. He was a very jovial sort of gentleman who was telling her stories about his grandchildren's latest exploits.

"Jim," the deep voice snapped behind her and Sydney stood up quickly, trying to hide the spark of anger that instantly flared up inside of her. Why was he even out here? Judy's instructions were very clear. Mr. Carson would respond to the appointment message when he was ready for his visitors to come into his office. Nowhere in the instructions did Judy say that Mr. Grouchy Bear would come out and greet his guests. He was supposed to be in his cave, figuring out who was going to be shredded next with his claws.

The two men disappeared into the inner office and Sydney breathed a sigh of relief now that she was once again away from His Highness. She pulled out Judy's instructions and read through them once again. She would not make a mistake this week! She would not give His Highness any reason to get rid of her. But if she discovered that he was just too obnoxious, she wouldn't hesitate to simply walk out of here. He needed cause to get rid of her. She just needed to call into her temp agency and tell them she wouldn't work for the man any longer. They'd probably understand. Even applaud her!

Sydney worked harder that day and over the next three days than she ever had in her life! She couldn't believe how much the man worked. And even when he wasn't working he went to social events, making contacts and sending her instructions through e-mail, while he was socializing! He made business deals at midnight and expected the issues to be summarized and typed up by the time he walked into the office at seven o'clock the next morning.

Sydney wanted badly to tell him to stuff his job, but she also couldn't deny the excitement she felt as she worked throughout the day, trying desperately hard to keep up with the man. He didn't make any more snide comments, but when she wasn't as fast as he wanted her to be, she definitely knew it. There was just something in his eyes when she responded to him that told her everything she needed to know.

By early Friday afternoon, she was exhausted, but still thrilled that she'd been able to keep up with the man. She wasn't positive, but Sydney didn't think she'd made any horrible mistakes. At least nothing he could taunt her with. In that, she considered the week a huge success. Just a few more hours, she told herself, and she'd be free of this evil, insensitive, annoying and arrogant jerk.

"Come with me, Ms. Watson," he snapped, walking by her desk just as she was about to pull out her peanut butter sandwich. She was starving and wanted nothing more than to ignore his summons. But she folded the wax paper back over her sandwich and followed him, carrying her notebook and pen because he shot orders at her so quickly she couldn't remember all of his instructions unless she was writing them down.

In the elevator, she looked up at him, not sure what was going on. "What is next on the agenda?" she asked. She suspected that she should probably tack on a 'sir' after that question, to show some respect, but she just couldn't do it. This man didn't deserve her respect since he didn't give any. "I don't remember any meeting on your calendar." She replied stiffly, keeping to the opposite side of the elevator from him. She hated feeling so short next to him so if she stood farther away, it didn't feel like he was towering over her so much. Besides, his broad shoulders tended to take up more space than she thought he should be allowed.

He didn't bother to look at her as he responded. "Lunch. If I have to watch you eat another pathetic peanut butter sandwich, I might just have to throw it out the window." He exited the elevator and walked out of the building, just assuming she would follow.

Sydney glared at his back with growing impatience. Who was he to judge her lunch menu? And how dare he simply command her to follow him? Well, to be technically honest, he didn't command. He just assumed she would follow him.

She debated it long and hard. He was already out of the building when she stepped off of the elevator, ignoring the crowd of people waiting impatiently to get on. She should just turn around and get right back on, eat her sandwich and ignore him.

When he stopped at the curb and turned around to wait for her, she couldn't see from this distance, but she could definitely feel him raise that dark, impatient eyebrow in her direction.

With anger spurring her on, she stormed out of the building to confront him. Gracious, she commanded to herself silently. Be gracious and professional.

When she was standing in front of him at the curb, she folded her hands in front of her, her notebook and pen gripped in her hand so she didn't reach out and poke him angrily. "Thank you so much for the generous offer," she said, her tone laced with sarcasm since he hadn't offered anything at all. "But I must decline your kind-hearted lunch invitation."

She was just about to turn around when he stopped her. "Get into the car, Ms. Watson." His voice was firm, filled with authority that just further increased her anger.

She was just about to argue with him again when he leaned forward and said, "If you don't get into the car this moment, I guarantee that I will order an entire buffet of food to be delivered to your office and will stand there and watch you eat it. So if you don't want to deal with the enormous amount of food I will have delivered so you don't eat that wretched sandwich, I suggest you get into the car and order something off of the menu at the very nice restaurant I am taking you to."

Sydney didn't doubt that he would do exactly that. When her stomach grumbled in hunger, she had to grit her teeth at his raised eyebrows.

Ducking into the back of the limousine, she slid as far away from him as possible, not wanting to catch that spicy, male scent of his, or even risk a possible touch by his arm. The limousine was large, but he was an enormous man with bulging muscles on his shoulders and biceps, not to mention those incredibly long legs of his.

A flash of the man naked whipped through her mind and she blushed at the idea. Thankfully the back of the car was dark so he probably didn't notice her pink cheeks but she pushed the image aside, forcing her mind to go over all the things she still needed to get done today so she could finish at a relatively early hour. It was Friday, after all! This evening, she was looking forward to meeting her friends at the bar down the street from her apartment, to tell them all about her horrible week and the many frustrations that had been heaped upon her by this obnoxious man. A pitcher of beer, some cheap, greasy food, the laughter and commiseration from her friends and this whole week could be put back into perspective.

They drove to the restaurant in silence, Sydney trying very hard to keep her mind from picturing him without the elegant suit covering his muscular physique. She had no clue what he was thinking. But that was generally the case. Unless he was showing impatience or irritation, there weren't any emotions on His Highness' face. She thought she might have seen a flash of amusement a time or two over the week in his eyes. But since the man didn't have a sense of humor, she was sure she'd been mistaken.

The restaurant his driver pulled up next to was one of those exclusive places that no one could get into unless they booked a table a year in advance. But His Highness walked in and Sydney almost stomped her foot in disgust when people actually moved out of the way for him. The hostess obviously recognized him, gushing over his presence. There were others waiting for a table already, but the blond bimbo hostess completely ignored them and led His Highness to one of the best tables. Sydney sat in the opposite chair and smiled graciously at the waiter who pushed her chair in and snapped her napkin out, laying it across her lap. She thought it seemed a bit overdone, but she wasn't a regular patron of these kinds of establishments so she wasn't sure what the protocol was.

"That will be all," Dominic snapped at the waiter with visible irritation. He couldn't control the sharp stab of jealousy towards the waiter when Sydney smiled her thanks. She was stunningly gorgeous all the time, but her smile softened her features, transforming her face into a gut-wrenching beauty that made all of his possessive instincts jerk to attention.

He also suspected that the waiter was purposely standing behind her in order to get a look down Sydney's tacky, polyester blouse. It was poorly made so it didn't lay properly on her shoulders. He was relatively sure that she had no idea that she was offering titillating views of those full, soft-looking breasts to whoever was behind or beside her. He knew simply because he'd been the recipient of those glimpses. And he certainly didn't appreciate the waiter doing what he wanted to do.

Sydney's smile faded when she turned back to the man sitting across from her. She didn't want to look at him so she let her eyes wander around the restaurant. "You didn't need to take me out to lunch. My sandwich was perfectly healthy but this is very nice," she said, noticing with fascination that the mayor of the city was sitting at a table down below them in the main area. There was even a famous actress in one corner. "Everyone here seems to be very well dressed," she said, her hand moving up to self-consciously touch her brown suit that she'd found at a consignment shop last year. It had probably been made over forty years ago, but the material was still good and it fit her. Well, it fit her well enough. And the price had been only ten dollars. That definitely fit her extremely tight budget.

When he didn't respond in any way, she turned back to him, her eyes nervously lifting to see what he was doing.

When she found him staring right back at her, obviously patiently waiting for her to look at him, she felt as if her whole body started to flame up with a reaction she didn't completely understand. Her heart was suddenly racing, her face felt flushed and the muscles in her stomach tightened. She sat up straighter, trying to hide her reaction. This just felt....wrong!

"That's better," he said and leaned forward, taking his own napkin and laying it over his lap. He signaled to the wine steward who appeared by his elbow immediately. "Bring us the 2010 Louis Jadot Montrachet."

He didn't ask and the waiter didn't hesitate. Apparently, His Highness didn't need to request anything. His commands were followed by one and all. She tried to suppress her resentment, but she had trouble getting a sub sandwich at the local market and yet he could order a stupid bottle of wine just by raising his little finger.

"You look irritated. Do you not like white wine?"

She took a deep breath and tried to calm down. "Wine would be lovely, although I might just fall asleep this afternoon. I'll blame it on you because a sandwich doesn't have the same effect." She sat up in her chair, calmly placing her hands on her lap and decided to pretend that all of this elegance was commonplace for her. She had been intimidated by the man all week, she refused to be intimidated by a mere restaurant.

He chuckled, amazed that she would dare to be so impertinent. "I'll accept the consequences of our lunch time fare," he came back. "So you're a graduate student. What are you studying?"

He ignored the waiter when he came back with the wine. He absently took a sip, approving of the vintage immediately. The man came around to her side of the table and poured her a glass of the wine, then left after placing the bottle in a bucket of ice.

"I'm studying psychology," she replied, not even wanting to reveal that much to this man. She didn't want him to know anything about her. Once Judy was back, she prayed she would never run into him again.

Sydney was surprised by how sad that idea suddenly made her. Why would she be desolate that she'd be free of his tyrannical presence? "What did you study in college?" she asked, switching the focus back to him.

"Business, of course. Haven't you read up about me?"

"Only your business practices actually." She shook her head and took a sip of the wine. But instead of giving him a set down for assuming she would be researching him, she was shocked at the explosion of tastes in her mouth. "Wow!" she exclaimed, louder than she had meant to be. She glanced around, relieved that no one had noticed her outburst. "This is incredible wine!" she almost whispered.

Dominic chuckled. "I'm glad there's something about me that you finally approve of."

She ignored his gibe and took another sip, still stunned by the crispness and surprising flavor. "This is really excellent," she said again, putting the glass down so she wouldn't drink it all at once.

"Le Montrechet makes and excellent wine," he replied. "Tell me about your studies."

She wrestled with her temper once again. He hadn't asked. Once again, he simply commanded. She shrugged and tried to avoid answering him. "There isn't much to tell. Psychology isn't really an interesting subject."

"It must have some sort of allure for you to have studied it for so long. What interested you in the discipline initially?"

Sydney was relieved when the waiter arrived, prepared to take their order. She barely heard any of the specials he discussed, but opened her menu one more time. There weren't any prices on the menu options which meant that all of them were extremely expensive. She couldn't even guess at how much a dinner in this restaurant might cost so she selected a salad, assuming it would be the cheapest thing on the menu.

"I'll have the chef's salad," she said when the waiter looked in her direction. The waiter didn't blink an eye but simply turned to Dominic, waiting for his selection.

Dominic's eyebrows drew together with irritation. "She'll start with the zuppa Toscana, then the Sicilian style tuna steaks. I'll have the brood di pesce and the seafood risotto. We'll have the dessert menu when we're finished."

The waiter immediately crossed off her salad choice and wrote down whatever His Highness had ordered for her. She clasped her hands together under the table to keep herself from throwing her napkin at him.

"So I'm not allowed to have a salad?" she inquired with false politeness.

"No." He didn't explain any further. "You were going to tell me why you chose psychology."

She leaned back in the tapestry covered chair and looked across at him. "No. I wasn't."

He was so surprised he had to laugh at her belligerent expression. "Why not?" he asked when his amusement had abated.

"Because you are..." she debated which adjectives to use and toned down her initial choices. "Commanding. And it just creates a stubbornness within me that I have been trying to suppress all week, but since you've taken my lunch break away from me, ridiculed my sandwich, ignored my new choice for lunch, it just irritates me. So no, I'm not going to tell you anything else about myself simply because you ordered me to instead of asking me with kindness and interest."

He smiled throughout her whole tirade, enjoying the sparkle in her fiery green eyes. Oh how he wanted to kiss her and see if he could shift that anger to passion. He suspected that they could light the sheets on fire between the two of them.

"Fair enough." He leaned forward, his eyes holding hers with an intensity that caused that tightening in her belly once again. And a tightening lower, in a more embarrassing place.

With what she could only describe as a charming smile, he said, "Sydney, I'm fascinated by you and was wondering if you would mind telling me a bit about your study choices. I would be interested to hear why you chose psychology out of all the possible degree choices."

Sydney could not believe he'd just said that to her. She took a huge sip of wine and place it down on the table. When that didn't have the cooling effect she needed, she picked up her glass of ice water and drank nearly half the glass before setting it down as well. When she looked back up at him, he was still waiting patiently, a look of polite interest on his suddenly handsome features but a fire in his eyes that she didn't completely understand.

"Um..." Well when he put it that way, she couldn't really refuse him! Irritating man! "I chose psychology because I'm fascinated by human behaviors. I enjoy trying to find out the underlying reasons why people act in a certain way and try to help them behave in a more positive, life-affirming manner."

Up went his supercilious eyebrows again. "You don't think people should just work through problems, push their feelings aside to get the job done?"

And...he was back! This time though, she couldn't ignore his cynicism. "That kind of a response comes from a very cold, very suspicious and unfeeling human being." She didn't tell him that he was that way, just that it was a typical response from someone like that.

He got the message. "Are you implying that I'm cold and unfeeling?" he suggested.

Diplomacy, she admonished herself mentally. She had to be diplomatic about her response. She could not tell him that she thought he was a patronizing, contemptuous jerk. "I'm saying that you have a very harsh way of dealing with the world that might not be appropriate for every person."

That comment segued into other social issues and Sydney refused to give in to his rough opinion about the world and how it should run. They argued back and forth about many problems in the world and she sat up in her chair, eager and more than ready to take him on after several days of enduring his patronizing and irritating attitude. Perhaps it was the wine giving her extra courage, but she squared her shoulders and lifted her chin, prepared for battle.

She preferred to think that there were people in the world that were kind and generous. He believed that everyone should fight for whatever they wanted or needed and if someone got hurt in the process, they should just pick themselves up and dust off the dirt before moving forward. As she argued with him, she countered every one of his arguments with one of her own, adding in both statistical and anecdotal evidence to defend her position. She was surprised when he was able to counter with statistics of his own, but neither of them were swayed to the other's opinion.

She wasn't aware of the food arriving, but she knew that it was excellent. She didn't notice when he continued to refill her wine glass or even that they'd been arguing back and forth in the restaurant for more than two hours. All she knew was that she felt exhilarated while arguing with him about all the subjects he brought up, defending her position with a passion she hadn't known existed within her. It was just his irritating demeanor that made her more vehement, she told herself. She couldn't let him get away with putting down the less fortunate or less ambitious.

She was feeling relaxed and powerful when she glanced at her dollar store watch. "No!" she gasped.

"What's wrong?" Dominic demanded, his eyes sharpening on her lovely features.

She looked up at him with an appalled expression. "You have an important meeting in ten minutes."

"Cancel it," he replied back as if the meeting wasn't very crucial. In his mind, nothing was more imperative that figuring out how to get this woman into his bed so he could make love to her for the rest of the afternoon. He was so turned on simply by arguing with her that he didn't care what the meeting was about, as long as he could get her into his bed and explore her body just as he'd been exploring her mind. The more he argued with her, the more fascinating she became in his opinion.

"You can't!" she admonished, placing her napkin beside her plate on the table and looking around for the waiter. "The very kind gentleman you're supposed to meet with this afternoon called yesterday and again this morning to make sure that he still had time with you this afternoon. He's been trying to get in to see you for months. You can't push him off again."

Dominic signaled to the waiter who immediately appeared by his elbow but he was amused by her forcefulness. "I can't?"

She was already picking up her purse but keeping it under the linen covered tablecloth, embarrassed by the poor quality and obvious cheapness. "Absolutely not. He's a very nice man with a decent proposal for you."

"How do you know it's a decent proposal?" he handed the waiter his credit card, not even bothering to look at the total on the bill.

The man had her there. She actually had no idea if this stranger's idea was even viable but it had sounded great over the phone. "Because I heard what he wants to do and why he needs you to finance the endeavor. It sounds very promising and I think you should listen to him." She was busy trying to find her notebook and pen which had somehow fallen onto the floor between them.

The waiter returned quickly with the bill and Dominic signed the check before he tossed the pen back on the leather holder. When he was done, Sydney pushed her chair away and stood up, waiting pointedly for him to follow.

Dominic was amazed that he was actually going to head back to the office and listen to some pointless business idea when his whole mind was focused around finding out what would make her scream out with pleasure.

With a sigh, he too stood up, but he got much closer to her than he had earlier today. He looked down into her expressive, green eyes, his own golden ones not allowing her to look away. "You owe me then," he said with a soft, threatening voice.

Sydney stood there while he started walking down the stairs, the shaking back in full force. She wasn't sure what she owed him, but from the look in his eyes, it would be...decadent.

She rushed to catch up to him, embarrassed as she looked around and realized that there were very few patrons left in the restaurant. The busy crowd had dispersed and the harried wait staff were diligently trying to clean up and prepare for the dinner crowd.

Chapter 2

By the time they'd arrived back at the office, his appointment was already waiting and Sydney apologized profusely for Dominic's tardiness while he stood back, an amused expression on his face. He patiently waited for Sydney to finish greeting his next appointment.

When she was finally finished, she stepped back and he looked down at her, silently sending her the message that they definitely were not finished talking. When he looked up, the man standing there waiting for him looked eager. Too eager, Dominic thought. "This way," was all he said and walked into his office.

Sydney shot the other man another silent apology for the way Dominic was treating him, shrugging her shoulders as if to say that she didn't understand the man either.

The rest of the afternoon was busy and Sydney had to struggle to keep up after drinking so much wine during lunch. But by seven o'clock that night, she was looking around at her desk, checking her e-mail and trying to see if there was anything else she might need to do.

She was actually shocked to realize that she didn't want to leave. She might not like the man, but she'd felt more alive around him these past few days than she had in a long time.

She stood up and started straightening the magazines, then sighed and accepted that her week here was over. Judy would be back Monday, fully recovered from her bout with the flu. There was no reason she would ever see Dominic Carson again. His life ran in different circles from her own. Not that she wanted to see him again, she told herself sternly. She just wanted to argue with him, perhaps continue to try and convince him to be more human.

She leaned over her desk, putting down twelve hours onto her timesheet for today's work. She'd just started to feel something odd when she heard his voice behind her.

"What's that for?" he asked, standing less than an inch from her. She spun around and looked up into his eyes. Dominic noticed the softness around her mouth, the dilated irises and his body reacted instantly to her non-verbal message.

It took her several moments to understand what he might be referring to and even then, it was hard to get the words past the sudden stiffness in her lips caused by his close proximity. "Um...it's just my timesheet. I'll get someone in human resources to sign it before I leave tonight."

He continued to look at her while he reached around her. She had to lean back to avoid touching him, her breathing stopped as he came closer to her. "I'll sign it," he said and picked it up off of the desk. "Everyone is probably gone from HR by this time of the night."

The silence of the office created an intimacy she hadn't known existed before this moment. Her eyes looked up into his eyes, then involuntarily, they dropped to his mouth. She didn't realize that she'd licked her own, but she knew that her body was aching to see what it would be like to touch him, to feel his lips against hers.

She had to get out of here, she told herself. But her feet wouldn't move. It felt like she couldn't even breathe.

When his head slowly lowered to hers, she thought she just might faint from a lack of oxygen. But then his lips touched. Slowly, ever so slowly, his mouth caressed her own. She felt her breathing shudder as she inhaled sharply. Then she lifted her face up higher, silently begging him to deepen the kiss.

He promptly understood that message and her body went up in flames when he pulled her abruptly into his arms, his mouth devouring hers and his tongue demanding entry. When she opened her mouth to him, she quivered with need, her hands moving higher along his chest, then even higher still so her fingers could dive into his hair, testing the texture, feeling the incongruent softness.

His own hands weren't still. His large palms ran down her back, even lower and she shivered when she felt his hands on her bottom, pressing her hips against his own and she thrilled with his body's reaction that she could feel against her stomach. She wanted to bring her hands down to that area, to feel his hardness, to circle it with her hands and explore him. But she didn't dare, too shocked by even thinking such an idea much less acting on it.

When his hands moved higher, his fingers adeptly unbuttoned her cheap suit jacket and spread it wide so his hands could slide up her ribs, she gasped with the shocking feeling. Pulling her head away, she grabbed his wrists but, denied her lips, his mouth moved down to her neck, kissing, sucking the sensitive skin, biting her earlobe and making her dizzy with the need spiraling inside of her. She had never felt this before and it was almost terrifying in its intensity.

"Come home with me," he commanded and stepped back so she could grab her purse.

Sydney felt like her eyes might be a little cross-eyed after that kiss. She looked up, wondering why he'd stopped. But when she was able to focus on his face, his words finally sunk in to her befuddled mind. "Home?"

"Yes. Let's go now," he snapped, about to step closer to her. "Or maybe not," he said, thinking that the desk behind her would work out perfectly. He'd never been this out of control before but he knew that if he didn't have her right now, this instant, he might just burst into flames. He could tell by the blurry look in her eyes that she felt the same way and he felt powerful, knowing that he'd put that look there.

And then his words, his intent, sunk into her need-laced mind. She was horrified that she'd almost taken a step to do exactly what he wanted, what they both wanted. Then her sense came back to her and she was confounded that she'd even considered his suggestion. "No," she gasped and stepped backwards, almost tripping over her feet when she realized that the desk was right behind her. How could she have missed the large, elegant piece of furniture being so close? "I have to go," she whispered feverishly.

His eyebrows snapped together. "Go? The only place we're going is to my home to finish what we've started." His voice was rough, gravely and she could almost feel the frustration her words caused inside of him. In herself as well. She couldn't believe she was actually contemplating his command. What would it be like to give in to this need? To find pleasure in his kisses? In his touch?

Then it struck her! What was she thinking? She didn't even like this man! He'd been snapping orders at her all week, looking for errors, not complimenting her on any of her efforts! And here she stood, contemplating going home with him simply because she'd had a stimulating few hours with the man? Was she insane? Where had all of her intelligence gone?

She shook her head and fumbled to close her jacket. "No. I have to go. This...this....," she waved her hands between their two, very frustrated bodies, unsure of how to explain what was happening between the two of them, "never happened," she finished lamely. "Thank you for the work this week," she sputtered out, her manners surfacing even though she felt like every cell in her body was going to explode with the need to race right back into his arms and find out what it would be like to make love with this man. Well, have sex with him, she told herself firmly. She pressed the call button on the elevator, hugely relieved when it immediately opened up.

She stepped inside and looked down at the floor, praying that she could just escape. She was so embarrassed that she'd kissed a man she didn't really even like. He'd been slightly different today after lunch, but one day did not a tiger's stripes change. Or something like that. Was it a leopard that couldn't change its spots? Or a tiger? At this point, it might have even been a badger and its claws, she was so confused, and she almost fell as she raced out of the building's lobby. She only had to wait a few minutes before her bus arrived and she huddled in one of the broken plastic seats, ignoring the filthy windows and the other exhausted, work-weary commuters traveling with her. She couldn't seem to stop trembling and her mind continued to recall the incredible feel of his hands on her skin, the way it felt when he kissed her. It was like the world had disappeared and the only thing that mattered was this man and for him to continue kissing her.

As soon as she stepped off of the bus and into the cooler night air, her cell phone rang. She looked down at the caller and smiled. It was Debra, probably calling to see where she was. Everyone met at the bar near the university. She'd tentatively told Debra that she'd be there but since she wasn't sure how much money she'd have tonight, she wouldn't commit to anything.

"Hi Debbie."

There was a great deal of background noises and Sydney realized that her friend was calling from a very busy, very crowded bar. "Sydney, you have to come over tonight. Don't worry about cash. I know you've had that big job this week and I'll spot you some money for drinks. Just come over now."

Sydney was instantly wary. "What's the urgency?" She was suddenly exhausted just at the thought of going to a bar and mingling with her friends. It was odd because only hours ago, the idea had helped her get through those last, boring hours while Dominic had been in a meeting.

When had she started thinking of him as "Dominic"? The realization bothered her on a very fundamental level. She didn't want to wrap her mind around him as "Dominic". She preferred to think of him as Mr. Carson or His Highness, anything that would keep him distant and autocratic.

Debbie obviously couldn't hear the resistance in Sydney's voice. "Josh is here. And he's been asking about you."

Josh was a guy Sydney had tentatively been thinking about dating. She knew that he was interested in her as well, since several of her friends had given her the scoop. He was in one of her classes and he'd looked so smart and sophisticated when he'd asked a question before the break. But after kissing Dominic a moment ago, she didn't think that any man would look very tempting. "I think I'm going to have to pass. I'm just leaving work now and I'm completely beat."

Debra instantly understood. "Want to talk about it? Any major problems?"

"No," Sydney replied, walking down the sidewalk towards her studio apartment. She could have turned right and headed towards the bar, met up with everyone in less than five minutes. But tonight she just didn't feel as if she could be around other people. She needed to be alone, to figure out what had happened in Dominic's office. And figure out how she felt about it.

She didn't mention all of this confusion to Debbie though. Keeping things simple, she said, "Just a really tough week. I'm going to need the weekend to get back on track for classes next week."

Thankfully, Debbie seemed to accept that as an excuse. "Okay. What should I tell Josh?"

"Nothing," Sydney sighed. "I don't know what's up or down right now, but thanks for the call."

Debra rang off and Sydney continued up the four flights of stairs to her tiny apartment. When she let herself in, she closed the door and leaned her head against it, wishing she hadn't ever kissed the man. She had never been so affected by just a simple kiss and her body was still tingling, completely revved up and wanting more.

Was this what desire was? If so, she could honestly say she'd never experienced it. Nor did she find it particularly nice. She stripped off her clothes and headed towards her shower, intending to take a cold one in an attempt to calm down the ache inside of her.

Unfortunately, the cold water only seemed to irritate instead of soothe. It did nothing to calm her raging libido so she warmed up the water to stop the shivering, shampooing her hair and washing off all of her makeup. When she was out, she pulled on a soft tee shirt and an old pair of girl-boxers, both of which were too small for her. She'd gotten them when she'd been a teenager and loved them so much that she'd never changed them.

She pulled her murphy bed down and fluffed up her pillows, made some popcorn for dinner and then curled up with a good book, determined to get Dominic out of her mind. She'd been meaning to read this mystery for a while, had meant to read it over spring break but working for Dominic Carson wasn't conducive to relaxing evenings. In fact, this was the earliest she'd been home all week.

A knock on her door reverberated throughout her tiny studio apartment and she jerked out of her reading. Staring at the door, then at the clock, she sighed with relief. It was nine-o'clock. Debbie had probably just left the bar and was going to regale her with all the gossip she'd heard while at happy hour. For a moment, it had popped into her head that Dominic might have come here. But that was ridiculous. He had much more important things to do than to chase a woman who had run away from him.

She pulled the door open and froze. Debbie wasn't standing outside her doorway. Dominic Carson was. And he suddenly looked livid, angrier than she'd seen him all week.

His arms were braced on either side of her apartment door and he leaned in slightly, as if he was having trouble restraining himself from throttling her. "Do you always answer your door dressed like that?" he demanded, storming inside and slamming the door before turning to glare down at her.

Sydney tore her eyes away from him and tried valiantly to suppress the excitement that surged through her at the sight of him so strong and tall. When she looked down at what she was wearing, she gasped and grabbed her fluffy robe out of her closet. The tee-shirt was so threadbare, he could even see her nipples through the material! "What are you doing here?" she demanded as she tied the belt on her robe.

Dominic gritted his teeth, wishing he hadn't said anything about her attire. She'd looked too enticing in the tight tee-shirt that pulled against her full breasts, showing off her pebbled nipples and her tiny waist. Even as she'd turned to grab her robe, he'd gotten a look at her very round, very cute derriere. Her boxer shorts barely covered the essentials but because he'd gotten angry, his view had been covered up by a hideous robe that covered her from her neck down to her toes. He glanced at them, almost smiling at the pink tipped toenails.

What was he doing here? He couldn't remember actually. The sight of her dressed in such a skimpy outfit had distracted him completely.

And then it came back to him and all of his anger and frustration changed, shifted onto the woman instead of on his frustration over her wardrobe choices. "You left tonight," he said and put his hands on his hips.

She blinked and looked up at him, trying very desperately to keep her eyes on his and not to lower her gaze to his firm, deceptively sensuous lips. He'd changed into jeans and a sweater. And his hair was still wet. Had he tried to take a cold shower as well? Had he been more successful?

And was she being evil when she hoped that it hadn't worked any better for him than it had for her?

"I leave every night," she whispered. She couldn't deny that she'd left in a hurry under very dramatic circumstances. Circumstances she'd like to experience again.

He pulled something out of his pocket, dangling it between his fingers. "You left this on your desk," he said, moving closer, his voice becoming huskier. "I assumed you might need it."

Sydney took the paper, looking at it curiously. It was her timesheet! "Oh, thank you very much," she said, disappointed that his presence here might...stop it! She didn't like this man! She might like the way he kissed, but he was a horrible human being all other times.

But she couldn't pull away. There was almost a magnet between his body and hers, pulling her closer. She looked into his eyes and was hypnotized by the heat shining out.

"You look very warm and cozy like that," he said softly. He thought she'd look much better if she were wrapped in silk but he couldn't deny that even the ugly robe made her appear sexy, soft and more appealing than he thought possible.

She wasn't sure what to say to that. Her eyes dropped to his lips despite her admonishment to keep her eyes on his. "Is that good or bad?" she asked, feeling the trembling increase as their bodies came closer.

He cocked his head slightly. "Depends."

"On what?" she asked, needing clarification.

"On this," he said and both of his hands came up to frame her face, holding her in place while his mouth descended to hers.

Within moments, she was out of control. She wanted this man and she couldn't deny it by claiming he was a bad person. Apparently, her body, for the very first time, was deciding on what it wanted and locking her brain, her sense, out of the decision making process.

With the first touch of his lips on hers, her hands reached up, grabbing onto his arms and pulling him closer, her body pressing against his of its own volition. She even reached up on her toes to get closer, needing to feel him against her body, needing something more, feeling an insane desire to rub her breasts against his chest.

Dominic devoured her, kissing her as if there were no tomorrow. He lifted her into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist as he backed her up against the wall behind her. With the wall and his body holding her in place, his hands were now free and they quickly divested her of the robe as well as that ridiculous tee-shirt, tossing it behind him. His hands took full advantage of the fact that she wasn't wearing anything underneath, his thumbs flicking against her already hard nipples and feeling her body try to arch against his. But she couldn't move in this position. He thought about just having her here, pressing himself into her just like this, but he pulled back, suppressing his need to push into her like a ravenous beast. No, he didn't know how long she would allow him the pleasure of her body so he was going to enjoy every moment she gave him.

Lifting her up, one hand on each side of her delectable bottom, he carried her over to the bed and laid her down. It was ludicrously small, but he didn't care at this moment. He pulled back, intending to look at her but the image of her like this, her eyes wild with the same need he was feeling and he couldn't hold back. He bent low, taking one nipple in his mouth and sucking, hard. She almost screamed out, her fingers in his hair both pulling and pushing. His other hand was molding her breast, his fingers caressing her nipple and then his mouth moved over to the other one, hearing her cries and feeling her body writhe underneath him.

He pulled his sweater over his head, tossing it in the general direction of her tee shirt and grabbed her hands, pressing her fingers against his chest while he came back for more of her breasts, loving the way she tasted and urgently needing more. He couldn't slow down, especially when her hands moved over his skin, her fingers almost tentative in their quest to explore his body but he moved lower and her touch shifted to his shoulders and arms.

"Don't stop!" she called out when he moved his mouth lower. She groaned when she felt his mouth on her stomach, her body shaking with both need and terror at what she was now experiencing. "Please don't stop!" she gasped.

He grabbed her leg with one hand but instantly felt her resistance. Slowing down as much as he could, his hands turned softer, coaxing her to relax. "Give in to me, Sydney," he encouraged. "Just let me have my way."

She laughed and shook her head, but he wasn't going to allow that. When she still resisted, he bit her leg and she gasped as the electric shock stormed through her body. Her legs were no longer under her control and she shivered when she felt his fingers, along her thigh, along her stomach and then... "Yes!" she gasped, his fingers sliding into her. When she felt his mouth, the heat scared her and she reared up, but then flopped right back against the mattress as she felt the intense pleasure of his mouth in that place.

"No!" she cried out, her fingers in his hair. "No, don't!" she gasped. And when his tongue flicked against that hard nub, she shook her head, unaware of anything except the heat flooding through her. And then she couldn't think at all as her body splintered apart, light cascading down all around her as her orgasm washed over her in wave after wave of pleasure so intense, she wasn't sure where she was any longer.

Dominic wanted to smile, or maybe even throw back his head and laugh in delight at how incredible she tasted and felt and smelled. He'd never seen anything so erotic as this gorgeous woman in the throes of passion and he thought he might just die if he didn't feel her heat wrapped around him now.

He stood up and looked down at her, completely relaxed with her eyes closed. He was still throbbing, but he took a moment to savor this image, this amazing visual of the spicy Sydney, the woman who had taunted and challenged him all week, laying replete amid rumpled sheets from just his fingers and his mouth.

But it wasn't enough, he realized. He needed all of her. He wanted more. So much more! "Open your eyes, Sydney," he commanded as he swiftly tossed his slacks behind him.

When she opened her eyes, smiling up at him, he knew he was lost. "Damn, woman!" he growled and came down over her, holding himself above her with his arms that almost gave out when she reached up and touched his biceps, her delicate fingers running over his muscles.

"We're not done," he said, surprised at how soft his words came out when he was feeling like he wanted to yell out.

"We're not?" she asked and laughed softly. "Thank you," she whispered.

He pulled her legs up so they were once again wrapped around his waist and settled himself near her entrance. He watched as her eyes widened, her mind suddenly realizing that this really wasn't over.

Sydney bit her lip, her body already humming in anticipation of what was to come. "Dominic," she whispered, feeling his name on her lips coming awkwardly since she'd been calling him Mr. Carson all week.

"Damn!" he snapped and stood up again, grabbing his slacks and pulling out one of the condoms he'd brought with him. "Better," he said and stood up to roll the condom down his length.

Sydney watched in fascination, never having seen anything like him before. Okay, she'd never seen anything at all before except in books and, seeing him now, she was pretty sure that he was a bit different than the others she'd seen.

She didn't care, she told herself. She was already aching and desperate, fearful that he might pull back if he realized that she'd never done this before. She was both terrified and eager, not exactly sure what to do but she wasn't going to stop. Nothing could stop her right now.

"Are you okay?" he asked when he came back down, settling right back where he'd been before.

She gasped when she felt him at her opening, her hands gripping his shoulders, her mind almost terrified but her body needing to proceed. "I'm fine," she squeaked out.

As he pressed into her heat, he closed his eyes, moving slightly back but her hands on his back stopped him. "Don't do that," she gasped, not wanting to lose this feeling, afraid he was going to stop.

"Shhh...," he said and bent low to kiss her neck. "I'm not going anywhere," he assured her and pressed deeper, gritting his teeth. "You're so tight," he groaned.

Sydney wrapped her legs around his waist and pressed her hips higher, closing her eyes as he came deeper inside of her. She gasped, loving the way he was filing her up, needing him deeper, desperate now. "Please," she whimpered, her hand moving lower, pressing his back slightly and he followed her hand's instructions and pressed deeper.

"Damn! Sydney, slow down," he growled. "You're too tight," he said.

"Its fine," she assured him. She was shaking with her need, wanting him deeper, needing him so desperately she thought she might cry if he didn't move into her.

With one final thrust, he pressed all the way in and then froze, looking down at her, he shook his head. "Sydney?" he said softly, not sure he wanted to believe what had just happened. "Are you..."

Her fingers pressed against his mouth and she clenched her eyes shut, her teeth biting her lower lip as she dealt with the pain of losing her virginity. "Just give me a moment," she said softly.

Dominic waited, not moving an inch while his body throbbed almost painfully, needing release. But he didn't want to hurt her. Or more specifically, he didn't want to hurt her any more. "Are you okay?" he asked after several moments.

When she shifted underneath him, she sighed with relief. She moved again, experimented with the feeling. And then she opened her eyes. "Yes," she gasped, her hands relaxing against his shoulders. "Yes. I'm more than...."

He moved and she was no longer fine. He shifted again, moving in and out of her, her body arching to take him deeper and she couldn't believe how un-fine she was now. She lifted her legs again, needing him more.

Dominic felt her body shivering, shifting to feel the friction and he was relieved that she wasn't horribly hurt. He couldn't believe that she hadn't told him she'd been a virgin, but at this moment, he didn't care. He'd yell at her later. Right now, he needed to move.

He shifted slightly, moving deep inside of her and watching her face to see what might feel better for her. But it seemed that everything he did she liked if her gasps and sighs of pleasure were any indication. When he shifted again, lifting her hips, she inhaled, her voice becoming louder as he pressed into her again and again. Faster, he moved against her and when he finally felt her climax, heard her scream that he absorbed into his mouth, only then did he allow himself to find his own release. Moments later, he collapsed against her, still feeling the echoes of that orgasm throughout his entire being.

Dominic pulled her close, shifting their bodies so he wasn't crushing her but it still took both of them several more minutes to get their breathing back to a somewhat normal pace. When he could finally speak, he looked down at Sydney, chuckling when he saw that her face was practically buried against his arm. "That's not going to get you out of an explanation, you know."

Sydney stiffened, afraid of what he might think of her. Afraid of what she might think of herself. She sighed and pushed her hair out of her eyes and licked her suddenly dry lips. "I don't think I want you to speak," she said softly. She was about to turn away from him but he stopped her by trapping her hands over her head.

"Why didn't you tell me?" he asked gently.

She shifted slightly but he stopped her. "No, you're not pulling away from me, Sydney. Tell me why you let me believe that you were more experienced."

She glared up at him, trying to slide out from underneath him but the friction of their bodies was creating other feelings so she stopped, remaining as still as possible.

He stood up suddenly and walked into her tiny bathroom. She heard the water running a moment later. She was going to jump up and pull on her robe but she caught his eye in the mirror. "Don't even think about it," he said, knowing exactly where her thoughts were heading. "We are definitely not finished here."

He came back, hands on his hips and looked at her, amusement in his eyes as he watched her try to cover herself with the thin sheet. "Sydney, I've seen every part of your body and will do so several more times tonight. Why are you trying to hide yourself from me now?"

She shrugged her shoulders, but continued to keep the sheet tucked under her arms. "Dominic, just leave me alone," she sighed.

He sat down on the bed and, ignoring the sheet, pulled her onto his lap. "Why didn't you tell me?" he asked once again.

She couldn't help but put her arms around his neck. In this position, she either had to hold onto him or fall off of him. "It isn't really a topic of conversation that would have come up over the past few days," she explained as if she were stating the obvious.

"What about tonight? Why didn't you say something earlier?"

She smiled slightly, remembering the way he'd lifted her into his arms and carried her to her bed. "At what point was there an opportunity to speak?" she laughed. "You don't really leave a girl much time, you know."

He chuckled at her reminder of how ravenous each of them had been for the other. "Okay. Valid point." His hand slid up her leg, causing her to gasp at the contact. "So now that you aren't a virgin any longer, can you at least explain to me why it has taken you so long to choose a lover?"

She laughed, shaking her head. "I don't think there was a great deal of choice in this matter. Do you?"

His eyes dropped to her bare shoulder, then lower. "Perhaps not," he agreed. His mouth followed his eyes. "I don't think I have a choice in this either," he said and lifted her up, adjusting her legs so that she was straddling him now. "I don't think you have much of a choice either, do you?"

She gasped when his hands moved against her legs, his fingers doing strange things that felt...incredible. "I still don't really like you."

His laughter was deep and husky. "You don't seem to be doing a very good job of convincing me of your dislike at the moment."

"Later," she gasped as his finger slid inside of her. "I'll show you how much I dislike you later."

"Good enough," he said and his arm slid around her waist, lifting her higher so his mouth could latch onto her breast, causing her head to fall backwards.

When he lowered her back down, he shifted her so that she lowered herself onto him and he enjoyed the process of her body adjusting to the new position. When he was fully buried inside of her, he leaned back against the mattress and watched as she figured out how to move, how she could gain the most pleasure.

Unfortunately, he could only hold back for a few minutes. She just looked too sensuous and moved too slowly and she was too new to this. Her tentative movements were driving him insane with need. With a muttered curse, he took back control, his hands grabbing her hips and pressing into her, showing her how to move, what to do. He would have thought he could go longer after the first time, but when she started to splinter apart once again, it was so erotic that he couldn't hold back and he pressed into her again and again, coming himself only moments later.

He felt her body fall on top of his chest, her hair tickling his skin but she felt too incredible like this to move her.

A long time later, Sydney woke up and she was surrounded by heat and darkness. She wasn't sure how, but she was curled up against Dominic as he lay flat on his back. His enormous body was taking up almost the entire bed and she had to smile when she saw that his feet were hanging off the end. Poor guy, she thought and covered both of them with her blanket.

She sighed happily and rolled over, smiling a moment later when he rolled onto his side and snuggled against her back with his arm around her waist. The man was still asleep, she realized as she listened to his deep, steady breathing, but he wanted her close. That made up for a lot of his irritating manners this past week.

She fell back to sleep in his arms, dreaming about a man who was sweet and courteous to her. A man who had odd, golden eyes who could make earthquakes start with just a simple glance.

She woke up the next morning, yawning and stretching, feeling as if she were on cloud nine. But when she looked around, her miniscule apartment was empty. There was no sign of Dominic anywhere. All of his clothes were gone and the only sign that she hadn't just dreamed about the previous evening was the lingering, spicy scent of his aftershave on her pillow.

Chapter 3

Sydney ended the call as politely as possible despite the shaking in her voice and her hand. She stared at the wall in front of her, wondering how she was going to handle the request to work for Carson Industries again.

Apparently, Dominic had specifically asked for her and was offering an outrageous hourly rate. Her job coordinator, Jill, had called immediately upon getting the job description, thrilled that Sydney had such an incredible opportunity.

Sydney, on the other hand, wasn't so sure about taking the job. It was short term, which was good because she still had to finish her classwork and her thesis paper. But she would be right back where she was before, sitting at Judy's desk, working closely with Dominic. She wanted so desperately to tell Jill that there was no way she would work for that man again, but something inside of her wanted to take the job.

Maybe she just wanted to show up in his office, pretend like it hadn't bothered her that she'd woken up by herself the morning after their incredible evening. Perhaps she wanted to act like the man's horrible, mean, undignified absence hadn't hurt her so deeply that she still ached with humiliation and an odd, painful sense of loss.

And then there was the other side of the problem. Primarily the excitement that shot through her at the idea of seeing Dominic again. She shouldn't be excited. She should be irritated that he'd asked for her like this. How arrogant, she thought as she stared at her books that were open on her coffee table. How rude. Especially after all that had happened between the two of them, right here in this apartment.

Okay, so he'd tried to talk to her in other ways, calling after work, spending hours laughing and talking about different topics with her. She was definitely being a coward, but after that one night, she hadn't been able to face him. She'd been so ashamed at being left alone, not sure why or what he had been thinking and she just wanted to pretend like their one night together hadn't happened.

But she couldn't ignore the spark of excitement that rushed through her at his persistence. He'd called a few times and each time, she'd refused to meet with him, too afraid of having him leave her again once he was finished with her.

She had to admit that their conversations over the past few weeks had been...fascinating. Exhilarating even. They'd ended up talking on the phone for hours, her laughing at his arguments as to why she should become his lover, him chuckling at her rebuttals and giving him reasons why they should avoid each other like the plague. It was easier to deal with the man when he was at a distance.

Why was she thinking about him? Why was she even contemplating accepting this job? They were completely wrong for each other! It had been three weeks and she hadn't been able to push him out of her mind. Her research was suffering, her sleep was bad because she kept dreaming about the man and she was tired of fighting her need for him and every time her cell phone rang, her heart skipped a beat at the possibility, the hope, that it would be him again.

And now he'd trumped her perfectly by calling her temp agency and requesting her specifically for a temporary position.

She should be offended, not excited! She should call him up and tell him exactly where he could go with his request.

But she didn't. She stared at the phone, willing herself to call Jill and tell her that she couldn't accept the assignment. She wouldn't even need to tell her what had occurred or what a jerk the guy had been afterwards.

She didn't make the phone call though. She sat there, her heart fluttering wildly in her chest, her stomach muscles tightening with remembrance of all he had done to and with her. She took a deep breath, realizing that she hadn't inhaled in several moments.

"No," she said out loud to the empty apartment. Feeling slightly silly, she said it once again, just to reinforce her decision.

"No, no no!" she said and picked up her phone, intending to call Jill immediately and tell her there was no way she could take that much time away from her research to take the job.

"Jill?" Sydney said as soon as her coordinator answered the phone. "I'll be there at eight tomorrow morning," she said, stunned at the words coming out of her mouth. She'd called to turn down the assignment, hadn't she?

"That's fantastic! I'll call Mr. Carson immediately and let them know so they don't go to another agency to fill the assignment.

"Please do," was all that came out this time even though she was knocking her head against the wooden desk as she said the words.

As soon as she ended the call after confirming the details, Sydney dropped her head into her hands, wondering why she'd done the exact opposite of everything that was right. This wasn't healthy. Her fascination with the man was just going to get her hurt. Dominic wasn't the kind of man she could pin her hopes and dreams on. He was trouble and would break her heart. He'd already hurt her once by leaving her in the morning.

Not that she would fall in love with him! No way, she told herself firmly. This was just a mild infatuation.

With a sigh, she leaned her head back against her chair, wishing she could just ignore the man, put him in her past as someone she'd met but had moved on from.

This was wrong on so many levels. She needed to call Jill back and tell her she'd been mistaken. She should stay as far away from Dominic as possible. There was no reason she needed to accept this assignment.

Well, except for the money. The money was excellent. She really should take the assignment just for the extra cash. This much money would get her through the rest of the semester. She could focus all of her attention on getting her thesis completed and defended.

Yes, that was a good enough reason just in itself, she thought with relish. The money was worthwhile! She could do this and blame it all on the money. She could make sure that Dominic knew that she was doing this only for the money and it had nothing to do with his sexual skills.

Sydney continued to tell herself this through the night and even the following morning as she dressed carefully, putting extra attention into her hair and makeup. She even chose her favorite suit, just to make herself feel more confident. Okay, that was a lie. She had to admit at least to herself that she was dressing to impress. She just didn't want Dominic to think that she was slacking off or that she didn't have pride in her appearance.

Chapter 4

Dominic entered the restaurant and quickly scanned the room. He immediately saw the other two men and headed in that direction, nodding slightly to the hostess who seemed eager to help him.

"You look awful," he said to Zayn all the while, punching Angelo on the arm. The other two men stood up, manly hugs and back slapping all around before the three of them settled down once again.

Angelo, Dominic and Zayn had grown up together in the old neighborhood, all of them causing trouble of one kind or another but only Dominic had gotten caught, and even that time, the officer had dropped the charges. Part of their luck was because their combined IQs were somewhere close to six hundred so they had the intelligence to avoid detection and incarceration, but also because the three of them were closer than brothers. If something happened to one, the other two were right there, watching his back and ensuring that nothing bad ever happened to them.

Zayn had almost disappeared from their trio. At eighteen, just as the three were becoming men and finding their way, each making their first million, he'd just disappeared. Dominic and Angelo had scoured the neighborhoods, gone to the police stations, hospitals and used all of their resources to find their best friend. But they couldn't find out anything until several months later, Zayn arrived and told them what had happened. He'd been discovered by his father, Sheik of Tasain, and brought back to his country to learn to rule. Apparently, his two older, legitimate, half-brothers had been killed in accidents and he had been required to step up, face his heritage.

Zayn had fought it violently, furious that he'd been taken away from the future he'd chosen for himself. But over the years, Zayn had settled into his birthright, accepting, even embracing his responsibilities. All of them had become amazing successes, more astounding when outsiders realized that these three men started off stealing cars, pilfering boxes off of unsupervised shipping trucks and dodging the law as kids. They'd grown up in the inner city of New York where very few people escaped the painful, desperate poverty they'd endured during their childhood.

Of the three, Dominic and Zayn were both charming and handsome, making the ladies sigh with pleasure whenever they walked into a room. Angelo Donati, on the other hand, was still astonishingly handsome, but there were dark, dangerous depths to his black eyes. And the aura of danger, of pain and anger that surrounded him should have scared off the ladies. To his eternal irritation, it had the opposite effect. Angelo's astounding success in creating a pharmaceutical empire as well as his menacing persona pulled the women in like bees to honey.

The three of them still got together as often as possible despite their busy schedules. And whenever they did, they were able to pick up right where they left off. These three men were as close as brothers and still watched out for the others' backs.

"You're late," Angelo remarked as he pulled his linen napkin back onto his lap.

Dominic ignored Angelo's admonishment, glancing at his watch. "We have to hurry. I need to get back to the office."

Zayn and Angelo both looked at each other. "What's the rush?" Zayn asked. Angelo was one of those 'strong, silent' types. His name reminded everyone of an angel but his personality was definitely more diabolical. He could shred a person with a few words or change international markets simply by moving money from one of his bank accounts.

Dominic ignored their looks, shaking his head. "Unlike you two goofs, I have things to do."

"So who is she?" Angelo asked, sipping his coffee and watching Dominic carefully.

The waiter brought their food, no one needing to order since they had a standing order for whatever meal they could come together for at this restaurant. Since all three of them were powerful, wealthy men with limited time, they'd agreed not to waste any of it on ordering whenever they had a chance to get together.

"Who is who?" Dominic asked as he lifted his coffee cup himself, taking a deep, caffeine filled sip of the rich brew.

Angelo and Zayn looked again at each other then chuckled as they smacked Dominic on each of his arms. "Tell us her name," Zayn said as he took a bite of the excellent omelet that had been placed in front of him.

Dominic shook his head, glaring at his friends since they'd almost made him spill coffee on his vegetable and feta frittata. "You're being an ass. Any luck finding your woman?" Dominic asked of Zayn. They all knew that Zayn had gone a little crazy several years ago after losing track of a woman. Neither Dominic nor Angelo understood the whole situation, but they knew that she had been extremely important to their friend.

"Not a word," Zayn replied cryptically, his eyes turning hard and furious. "I'm still looking though. She has to be out there somewhere."

Angelo turned back to Dominic, taking a bite of his fragrant asparagus and goat cheese strata. "And you're avoiding the question, only confirming our suspicions." He eyed his friend a moment. "She must be something else if you're trying to protect her from us."

Dominic rolled his eyes. "I'm not trying to protect her from anything. She's perfectly capable of taking on both of you and spitting you out to the garbage," inadvertently confirming their suspicions. He couldn't help it. The idea of Sydney confronting either of these men almost made him chuckle. Then he shook his head. No, he didn't want Sydney anywhere near his friends. They might be like brothers, but Sydney was painfully beautiful and they would both compete for her attention. Better to keep her as far away from both of them until he had her firmly in his corner. "So tell me what's happening? Are you still avoiding that war on your flank?" he asked Zayn who seemed to be constantly battling someone in his country's parliament or cabinet.

Zayn considered keeping to the original subject, enjoying his friend's discomfiture. But he decided to give Dominic a break. "No. I've eliminated the issue. The man behind the skirmishes was sent off to be a diplomat with Russia."

Both Angelo and Dominic threw back their heads and laughed. "Serves him right," Angelo said.

"Are you still thinking of buying that house down in South Carolina?" Dominic asked.

Angelo smiled slightly. "I've already bought it. Renovations are underway. It's going to be perfect."

Zayn and Dominic stared at their friend, suddenly both of them threw back their heads with laughter. Dominic was the first to recover, placing a hand on his friend's shoulder. "So I'll throw the question right back at you. Who is she?" he asked, knowing Angelo too well to miss the sudden glint in his black eyes.

Angelo glared at both men. If any other two men had been sitting at the table, after receiving that look, they would have quickly gotten up after apologizing profusely for such impertinence. But Zayn and Dominic weren't intimidated and, in the end, Angelo shook his head. "None of your business."

Dominic knew when to leave it alone, but he was relieved that Angelo might have found someone that made his friend feel as he did whenever Sydney walked into a room; both frustrated and entranced.

The three men continued to discuss their various lives and the problems they were having, almost brainstorming with each other on how best to deal with each of them. Where most men were concerned with trying to be the best and strongest, never showing any weakness, these three men had succeeded by maintaining a strong friendship with each other, relying on their advice. It was how they'd stayed alive and out of prison as kids, and it was how they continued to expand each of their empires as adults. Between the three of them, they controlled a significant portion of the world's money. They were also generous with their wealth, but that was all done secretly, making sure that the people who had taken care of them as kids were now well cared for, including the cop who had released Dominic for stealing some bread one day, or the teacher who had smacked the back of Zayn's head when he wasn't concentrating on his math, or the neighborhood lady who would sit on her front stoop knitting hats for each of them so they were a little warmer on those freezing cold, winter days. Yes, those three people, plus many more, were living in the lap of luxury because of these three men's largess.

At the end of the meal, both Zayn and Angelo turned to Dominic. "Be careful," they both said. "If she's worth it, it will all work out."

Dominic wanted to punch them again, but instead, he reached out and put a hand to each of their shoulders, squeezing slightly to show them how much their support meant to him. "Thanks guys. Until next time," he said, feeling grateful that both of these men were still in his life.

After they parted, Dominic ducked into the back of his limousine and ordered his driver to take him to the office quickly. He stared out the window, ignoring the reports on the seat beside him as he anticipated finally seeing Sydney again. He had a whole week to work on her, seeing her bright, beautiful eyes every day while she tried to figure out how to get the better of him. Hell, he even liked it when she reprimanded him for not being nice. He thought she was cute when she scolded him. No one else had the guts to do something like that and he wanted to kiss her every time she tried.

Sitting at Judy's desk, Sydney's fingers froze over the computer when she heard the elevator ping, letting her know that someone had arrived. She'd already memorized Dominic's calendar for the day so she knew he had a meeting in ten minutes after having breakfast with some guys named Angelo and Zayn. There wasn't a subject line on that meeting so she had no clue what those two men were offering to do for him or wanted him to do for them.

Dominic walked in and instantly his body hardened even more than it had at the thought of seeing her again. And there she was, sitting so primly in Judy's chair, her soft, brown hair tied up neatly at her neck. As if that could detract from her beauty, he thought with amusement. She was stunning even when she was trying to hide it behind those repugnant suits.

She was wearing soft, pink lipstick this morning and all of his thoughts immediately centered around what he wanted to do with those luscious lips of hers. Yes, she would be his again.

He almost chuckled at her belligerent glare as he approached. "Good morning, Ms. Watson," he said before she could say anything to him. "Are the notes ready for my next meeting?" he demanded, preferring not to listen to her arguments against sleeping with him again. They were pointless, he thought. As if the two of them could keep their hands off of each other. After all of their late night conversations, he had gotten to know Ms. Sydney Watson a bit better and he planned to use every piece of knowledge she'd revealed to him to get her into his life. Permanently.

Sydney desperately wanted to slap the man's face. How could one man make a casual statement feel so arrogant? So rude? Was everyone here to serve His Highness? She'd come here ready to help him, not to be treated like his minion once again.

Refusing to lower herself to his level, she pasted a bright, professional smile on her face as she answered him. "On your desk in the center, right on top of the contract for the meeting. There were three changes that came through your e-mail this morning which have been incorporated and flagged." She felt proud when she could answer his question before he even asked it. Ha! She thought with relish. Two could be snappish! She wasn't going to take it today or at all this week. If he started, she could dish it out just as easily.

He didn't even raise an eyebrow, nor did he compliment her in any way either. She'd been here an hour earlier than required just to make sure she'd gone through all of his e-mail and all issues dealt with before he arrived. But did he acknowledge her efforts? Absolutely not! That would require him to be human! Couldn't the man just say a simple "good job" or "thank you"?

Obviously not, she thought as she glared at the now-closed door. She knew he would go into the meeting through his office door so she wouldn't see him for the next hour. Turning back to the computer, she went through the rest of the items that needed attention with quick, merciless precision. She'd show him that she was worthy of a compliment even if it killed him to offer it!

Within only a few hours, she wished she'd never considered coming back to work for the man. She wasn't worried about the work load. She could keep up with that easily. It was his arrogance and his complete disregard for her personal time. Yet again, he didn't let her leave the office for lunch. He was even rude about his own meal. He'd commanded her to get him a very specific meal from one of the exclusive restaurants in town. They'd delivered it to him piping hot but when she'd announced that his lunch had arrived, he was already walking out of the office, telling her that his next meeting had a catered lunch.

She stared at the meal, wanting to put it on his desk and let the cheesy pasta congeal. But what good would that do? And it was one of her favorite pasta dishes! The man was rude and cruel, she thought with increasing anger. How could he order something so delicious and aromatic and then just let it go to waste?

She stared at her peanut butter sandwich, then at the beautiful pasta. Should she eat it?

No. She'd just put it into a container and make sure he brought it home. She didn't want to be indebted to him. Not even for a meal he didn't want or need.

She slipped it into plastic containers and stored it in the refrigerator so he could easily heat it up later, then wandered back to her desk. Her peanut butter sandwich didn't look very appetizing after that pasta dish he'd subjected her to so she just stored the covered sandwich in her desk.

When he came back two hours later, he dumped a pile of files on her desk then disappeared into his office. Sydney assumed he meant for her to file the stack and she stared at it with growing resignation and irritation.

At least if she were in the filing room, she wouldn't be around when he came out for his next appointment. She checked his calendar just to be sure, then lifted the stack, grabbed her sandwich again since her hunger was something she couldn't ignore any longer, and headed into the filing room. She was almost finished with both her sandwich and the files when the dark shadow drifted over her shoulder.

"What the hell are you eating?" Dominic's furious voice demanded when he saw her pathetic peanut butter sandwich.

Sydney spun around, letting the file she'd been holding fall out of her fingers.

She glared right back at him, too hungry and too irritated by his surprise visit to stop the angry words from popping out of her mouth. "Don't you dare criticize my lunch!" she spat out, squaring her shoulders and poking him in the chest with her finger. She could still smell the cheesy pasta with big, juicy scallops and the crusty bread that had been drenched in garlic butter that he'd ordered. Her sandwich didn't compare to that and she was irritated that he would taunt her in such an inconsiderate manner.

He crossed his arms over his chest, exasperated that she was back to eating those sad, pitiable sandwiches again. Didn't she understand that he worried about her? Didn't she look in the mirror and realize that she was losing too much weight? "You were supposed to eat the pasta I ordered. How can you be hungry after all of that food?" He looked her up and down, his eyes firing at her slim figure in the atrocious outfits. "And where on earth do you find such hideous suits?"

That was the last straw. She wasn't going to take it from him today. "First of all, that pasta wasn't my lunch, it was yours and it is neatly stacked in the refrigerator, ready for you to bring home today. I didn't even spit in it but after the way you've treated me today I make no promises about restraining myself this afternoon. And as for my suit, it's the best I have and I'm not going to go out and spend money I don't have on suits when I don't wear them unless I'm in an office environment, which is rarely lately since I'm too busy sitting in the library doing research." She continued to poke him but he didn't seem to mind. In fact, it was almost as if he were laughing at her but there was no smile on his face. There was just something in his eyes that showed her his amusement. "Don't you dare laugh at me!" she snapped at him.

He grabbed her finger and lifted it up to his mouth, biting the end then sucking the tip of it, causing her whole body to melt while she gasped at the erotic pulse that was now throbbing low in her stomach.

"I believe you are being insubordinate, Ms. Watson," he said and spun her around so that her back was against the filing cabinets, his thigh pressing her legs apart until she was gasping with the need for him to shift that thigh and give her more friction. "I don't think I like your tone." He looked at her softened mouth and the flush that stole over her cheeks. "Or maybe I do. I'm not sure yet."

With his touch, she couldn't catch her breath. She felt that strange, invasive heat steal over herself and all thoughts about food, filing, meetings and anything else just vanished from her mind. All she wanted was for him to tear off her clothes and show her once again how magical his touch could be.

She shook her head, trying to clear away the crazy, inappropriate thoughts. "You can't do this, Dominic," she gasped out, but her body pressed against his, causing those sexual feelings to assault her senses once again. She pressed her hands flat against the cold metal of the filing cabinets behind her, desperate to keep herself from touching him. If she gave in to that need, it would be all over. She had to resist, had to maintain her professionalism. She couldn't let him win!

His finger came up and traced a line from her jawline down her throat, stopping at the pulse that was frantically beating at the base of her neck before continuing lower. "Why can't I?"

"Because...." She closed her eyes, trying to think of a reason but that finger stopped, distracting her because she wanted so badly for his finger to dip lower, just a little lower so that he was touching..... "Just because. I won't allow..."

He stopped her by pressing his leg against her, shifting ever so slightly. She stopped speaking, her body now trembling with need. An aching, desperate need for him to take her right here, right now invaded her and she struggled to maintain decorum. Unfortunately, it was a losing battle. Dominic was just too experienced and completely in tune with her body and what it needed. She didn't even care who might come into the office just so long as he was kissing her and his hands were caressing her.

"What won't you allow?" he asked, his voice no longer sharp but soft, coaxing. His body moved, his hips shifted and she breathed in slowly, her head falling back against the filing cabinets.

Dominic couldn't believe how erotic she looked right at this moment. He almost cursed when he realized where they were and that anyone could come into the office. He stepped back, his body once again hard and aching for her. How could this one woman do this to him so easily?

"Later," he soothed softly. "There's work to do." He wanted to shout out against the forces that kept slamming into him at the most inappropriate times. He could take Sydney right there in the filing room but he didn't want that. He wanted her in his bed, crying out for him. He wanted to take his time, to explore her body and feel her trembling underneath him. And he wanted her fully in agreement with the whole activity. He hated that she kept pulling away from him but he was working diligently to figure out what she wanted. He knew in this moment, that he would fight a lion if it would make her happy.

Sydney watched him leave the filing room with mixed feelings, dragging in deep breaths, trying to fill her lungs and recover from the aching need he'd brought to life inside of her. She'd never experienced this until she'd met him and she considered that she might actually hate him even more because of how easily he could play her body, make every cell in her system sing for him.

On shaking legs, she shoved the last file into place, then wobbled back to her desk. Falling into the chair, she glared at the closed doors to Dominic's office.

She thought about the pasta in the refrigerator, remembering what he'd said about getting it for her. She had no idea what he meant by that. If he'd meant to buy her lunch, why didn't he just tell her that? She ignored the idea, pretending like her mouth wasn't watering over the idea of the cheesy seafood and pasta.

She shook her head and focused on the next task, going through one issue after another and refusing to think about Dominic in any way. By the time she looked up again, it was late afternoon and her whole body sagged with relief. Her first day on the job and she was worn out. Not just from the work, but from the electric thrill that shot through her every time Dominic walked through the office or the sexual tension that seemed to radiate throughout her body even when he was in a meeting or in his office. Being around Dominic was simply exhausting!

Most of the staff were heading towards the elevators and Sydney kept peering around her area longingly. She wanted desperately to get out of here and just curl up on her worn out sofa with a hot cup of tea and try and forget about today. Try to forget about the next several days when she would be in Dominic's presence. She knew that the moment she saw Dominic, all those feelings would come rushing back to him so she had to get out of here before he came back. It was essential to her peace of mind to avoid him.

She should have followed her instincts and told Jill she couldn't backfill for Judy this time around. It was worse now, knowing what she did about his body, about the way he made love as if it were a live or die exploration. And she'd loved every moment of it. In fact, she couldn't predict her reaction if he took her into his arms one more time.

Well, actually she could.

And he wondered why she wouldn't see him! Why she kept him on the phone for their intimate, late night conversations instead of meeting him for dinner! Just look what had happened in the filing room and he should have his answer.

But that wasn't all his fault, she thought with complete honesty. She'd practically begged him to touch her. Not with words, but by everything else she'd done. And she'd been furious when he'd walked away after stoking that fire that never seemed to go out when he was close by, angry that he hadn't taken her right there in the filing room of all places! He'd been the sensible one while she'd still been wondering how she could slam the door closed and get his clothes off at the same time.

She hated to admit it but, as she shut down for the night, she'd felt more alive today than she did at any other time since he'd left her that last night. She wouldn't say that she liked that feeling. It was actually exhausting. But there was a certain vitality she felt when she was around him that she couldn't deny.

"Where do you think you're going?" Dominic asked as she reached into her drawer for her purse.

Sydney hadn't heard him come out from his last meeting but she tried hard not to react to his deep, sexy voice. "I'm going home," she said without hesitation. "It's late and I'm tired."

He stopped glaring at her but his gaze took on a more dangerous emotion. Her stomach fluttered as she looked up into his dark eyes. "Why are you so tired?" he asked, his hand touching her cheek gently. "Did you not sleep well last night?"

She sighed, her head accidentally curving towards his caress before she knew what she was doing. "I haven't slept well in a while," she replied, unaware of the longing that came through in her voice.

"About three weeks?" referring to the last time they'd been together.

She closed her eyes, wishing he would stop touching her. "I need to leave," she said softly but without any real conviction. If he was touching her, she seemed to simply melt like butter.

Dominic didn't like the exhaustion he heard in her voice. He wanted to wrap her up in his arms and take her home with him, but he knew she wouldn't let him. Not yet anyway. "What are you having for dinner?" he asked, pushing a lock of hair that had escaped from the clasp that was tight against the back of her head.

With deft fingers, he released the clasp, letting her hair fall down, cascading around her shoulders like a silken waterfall. She didn't realize what he was doing but it felt incredibly nice. "Cereal," she replied absently, feeling too good with his hands massaging her scalp.

He stifled the groan that threatened at the idea of her eating something with so little nutrition. Why did she have to have an aversion to letting him buy her things? He knew from their phone conversations that she thought it was something dark and lascivious, but that wasn't the case. At least not at this moment. He just wanted to take care of her. "Not good enough," he replied. "Come out to dinner with me. I'll make sure you eat something healthier."

The idea sounded wonderful, but she could still remember that she shouldn't be in his arms. She pulled back and sighed, crossing her arms over her breasts so he couldn't see the impact he had on her. "I have to go home."

He let his arms drop as well, refusing to push himself on her like he had the last time. He didn't even let his mind remember how on fire she'd been when he'd done that. No, it was better to live in the moment, get her to come to him. That was his plan and he knew it was working, he could see the need in her eyes. He just had to be patient and let her come to the realization that she wanted him just as intensely as he needed her. That they were good together, and more importantly, that they were good for each other. "You'll regret it. We both will," he replied, leaning back against her desk.

"Come back to my place with me," he urged, trying to take her hands but she lifted them out of his reach and stepped backwards, her purse over her shoulder and her eyes trying to look anywhere but at his awesome physique. Because she didn't really want to go home to her closet-like apartment. She wanted to curl up on his lap and kiss his neck, to ask him about his day and find out what he did behind closed doors while she banged against this computer responding to inquiries about his time and schedule.

With a sigh, she knew that she didn't deserve to find out all of his secrets. That would be for someone stronger, someone more experienced than she was. And for someone who liked the man and all of his quirks. He might make her laugh occasionally, and he challenged her mind as well as her ideas, but he was just too abrupt, too cynical for her. "I have to do more research and finish my paper."

He respected her dedication, but it was becoming painful to both of them. "Why don't you bring your paper over to my place and I can help you finish it?"

She laughed. "What do you know about humanistic versus cognitive psychology?"

He tilted his head slightly. "I think I should observe you in my bed," he said, referring to the first part of humanistic psychology, "and then we could use our memory and sensory perception to better demonstrate cognitive psychology." He moved in slightly closer, his eyes looking down at her with mischievous intent. "Wouldn't a field trip help you write your paper more effectively?

Sydney refused to laugh this time although how he'd nailed the two different perspectives so accurately, she wasn't sure. "So you've taken psych classes?" She hoped he couldn't see her amusement as she tried to appear stern.

He shrugged slightly, putting his hands on her hips and pulling her closer. "I've read some of the options."

She suddenly remembered that she didn't like this man and she wiped the smile off of her face. "Well, either way, I need to get my paper finished and," she glanced at her watch, "I'm off the clock now."

She didn't think he'd be into discussion so much as just getting down to the "field trip" part of his suggestion.

He sighed, resigned to her rejection for the night. Dropping his hands from her hips, he stepped back. "You'll be here tomorrow?" he asked, leaning against her desk while she slung her purse over her shoulder and started walking towards the elevators.

"Are you going to be just as obnoxious tomorrow?" she asked in response and started walking out of his office area.

"Probably. Will that keep you coming back or will you be out sick tomorrow as well as Judy?"

She didn't bother to stop as she turned the corner towards the elevators. "Probably," was all she said with a sly smile. She didn't even bother to stop and see his reaction to her non-answer but continued out of his area.

She smiled once she was out of his range though, feeling very superior for having gotten in the last word. She waited in the hallway with a few other executives. But when she stepped onto the elevator and looked out, she saw him the moment before the doors closed on her.

She might have gotten in the last verbal word, but as he stood there, his dark eyes watching her, giving her a silent message that the battle would continue tomorrow, she knew that he'd gotten in the last word tonight as his look caused her breath to catch in her throat with the heat shooting at her. Even from that distance, she could still feel his eyes and instantly knew what he was thinking.

The following morning, Sydney was almost trembling with anticipation of his arrival by the time she sat down at her desk. She wasn't even expecting Dominic to arrive for another hour, but just the idea of seeing him again made her whole body tingle. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes and set her hands flat on the desk, trying to get herself in gear for his arrival. She had to be on top of her game with this man. No messing around, no slow responses and especially no longing looks in his direction.

So what if she'd barely slept last night? And when she had slept, her mind had dreamt about his hands and the things he'd done to her that last time.

"It won't work, you know," a deep voice said.

Sydney's eyes flew open and her breath caught in the back of her throat. "What won't work?" she asked, barely able to look at him for fear that he would see the truth in her eyes. Hopefully her cheeks weren't as red as they felt but she looked down, just to be safe so she could hide her face.

Dominic wanted to laugh at her feeble attempt to hide her reaction. If he weren't in so much pain to make love to her, he might actually think she was cute. But he'd lost sleep last night because she wasn't in his arms. And damn if he hadn't worried about her eating something nutritious last night. He'd even bet she'd forgotten to eat.

He approached her desk slowly, watching her face and her breathing, even the rapid pulse at the base of her neck. "My housekeeper had a delicious meal ready for me. Helped me focus and I got a lot done." He waited while she glanced worriedly at her in-box. He did laugh softly at her grimace when she finally caught sight of all the messages he'd sent her last night as well as this morning.

"What did you do? Work through the night?" she groaned, staring in horror at all the messages she'd have to work through.

He leaned down closer to her, his eyes telling her his message before he spoke the words. "If you'd come with me last night, you would have had a delicious meal, shared a great bottle of wine with me and then you could have occupied my mind with something other than work. Right now I'm not sure if I should thank you because I found another company last night that I intend to acquire, or if I should curse you for putting me through a hellish night when we both know you wanted me as much as I wanted you."

With that, he turned on his heel and walked back into his office. He didn't close the door this time though. Sydney stared at him, unaware that her mouth had fallen open when he'd said those words or the grimace she'd given his back when he'd walked away.

It was true that she'd wanted him quite painfully last night. But that didn't mean she had to fall victim to this lust. And that was all it was, she told herself firmly as she spun in her chair and started working through the messages he'd sent last night. Lust wasn't something someone should give in to. She'd done it once and it had been...wonderful...but that was the last time, she told herself firmly. She couldn't handle an affair with him. Good grief, she could barely handle being his administrative assistant!

Two hours later, she'd finally worked through the messages and was about to start on the rest of her tasks when he walked out of his office. "Come with me," he commanded but didn't wait for her. He was already out of their area when she snapped out of her shock, grabbed her pen and notebook and followed him. He went into one of the larger conference rooms on this floor and sat down. There were several other people milling about when she walked into the room.

As soon as everyone realized that Dominic was sitting down, they found a seat, several people posturing and trying to get a better position at the table. Apparently, the seats to the right and left of Dominic were the prime spots to catch and Sydney smothered her amusement when there was a scuffle.

Dominic caught her amusement, his look telling her that he completely agreed with her and was irritated by the chaos.

Thankfully it was quickly sorted out since the two men knew that Dominic wouldn't put up with that kind of silliness. It took less than thirty seconds for everyone to find a seat. Sydney didn't take a seat at the table, preferring to slip into one of the chairs against the wall. She had no idea what she was doing here. This was only her seventh day working for the man but she'd never gone to a meeting with him. Previously, he'd simply tossed her digital recordings of meetings and she'd transcribed them, ensuring they were digitally stored in the correct file on Judy's computer. But transcribing the conversation wasn't nearly the same as being in the room and watching him in action. Even at the introduction, Sydney watched with fascination as Dominic started the meeting with abrupt, no-nonsense comments and then allowed others to speak.

Besides, someone initiated the recorder before this meeting started as well, so why was she here?

She watched, fascinated as Dominic began speaking, referring to figures and ideas, suggestions from his memory that had been brought up in previous meetings or conversations. Apparently this was some sort of quarterly meeting where all of his department heads were reporting in to him. She couldn't believe how much posturing was done by some of the directors and she wanted to laugh when one of them caught the limelight, only to have it taken away when one of the other men stole his or her thunder.

She wasn't sure what her purpose was, but she diligently took notes on any action items that were discussed, thinking he just wanted a summary of the meeting to look back on later. She tried not to be irritated by Dominic's lack of direction prior to the start of the meeting. But as she watched, she realized that he rarely put out direction. He offered suggestions occasionally, but for the most part, he sat at the head of the table and listened, his long fingers touching his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but for the most part, he was holding himself back.

When the meeting was finished, she allowed the rest of the attendees to leave first, but headed out before Dominic, intending to head back to her desk and type up the notes. She'd missed over an hour of time when she could have been doing the other tasks waiting for her and now she had more to do. She didn't resent him asking her to attend since she was here to help him, but her mind quickly shifted priorities so she could get everything done quickly and efficiently.

"Just a moment Ms. Watson," he called to her a moment before she was going to leave the conference room, his hand reaching out and holding her arm. She almost wished his grip were more painful but his gentle touch sent a thrill of electricity through her whole body. She squirmed slightly as he continued to hold her with his strong hand, his fingers wrapped around her upper arm and then slipping downward slightly. It all seemed as if he were barely aware of her presence as she stood beside him but he knew exactly what he was doing to her. She might have resented the distraction if she could think about anything other than his hand on her arm. She wanted him to move it higher, to caress her back, to move....

She took a deep breath, the sound shuddering through the air and he glanced down at her curiously as he spoke with the other two men, both of whom were ignoring her completely. It seemed that Dominic's administrative assistant was too low on the totem pole to be a part of their consciousness. They were discussing options on the acquisition he'd decided upon last night she realized. Why did she need to be here? Was he doing this on purpose? Was he trying to drive her crazy with his touch?

She stopped listening, just trying to calm down her nerves and take deep, calming breaths. The man was diabolical, she'd give him that.

Finally the two men left and she tried to pull out of his grip, but he shifted his body slightly. It was done in the guise of closing the conference room door but the way he'd done it caused her to gasp with the renewed intimacy. The room was enormous, the table was able to seat more than twenty people with rich, leather seats set evenly around the table. But with his broad shoulders blocking out the rest of the room and her shoulders pinned against the wall, she couldn't see anything but him.

"What did you think?" he asked softly, his eyes caressing her but he kept his body several inches away from hers.

"Think?" she gasped, pressing her hands against the wall to keep them from touching his chest, from feeling his body and bringing him closer to her. She was aching for him to touch her, but she kept her body completely still, pressing her back more closely against the wall.

"What did you think of their behavior?" He moved slightly closer, his shoulder leaning against the wall next to her.

Sydney shifted, giving herself more space. "The behavior of the people who were in the meeting?" she asked, licking her lips as she stepped farther away from him.

"Yes. What did you think of their actions?"

She eyed him carefully, wondering why he was asking. "Dominic, you're an expert at reading people's body language and facial expressions. Why are you asking me?"

He smiled slightly. "I'm not an expert."

She laughed slightly at his denial and shook her head. "Yes you are. You know pretty much what a person is thinking. I bet you know it even before they do."

He laughed. "The only person I can read that easily is you. For instance, right now, you wish that I would touch you. You're irritated that you're here instead of the safety of your desk where I can't touch you and drive you insane with need. And you're wondering why I'm not kissing you right at this moment."

Her mouth dropped open at his perfect analysis if her body language.

She pressed her lips together and crossed her arms over her chest. "So if you're such an expert, why are you asking me?"

"Because I want your opinion. You've studied organizational psychology and I think you're insights would be valuable."

Sydney inhaled but the sound was shaky even to her own ears. "Why?"

He leaned forward, his eyes dark and intense. "Because I want more than your body." He glanced down at her lips and smiled slightly. "Although which I want more at this particular moment is pretty obvious. Are you going to give in and kiss me?"

"Kiss you?" she gasped, already shaking her head.

"Yes. I'm waiting. I want you, but I want you to come to me."

"Come to you?" she parroted.

"Are you going to repeat everything I say?"

She licked her lips and shrugged. "I might." She wasn't sure what she might do at this point. She was horrified at his words, angry that he was keeping her here and in pain with the need to be with him in the most intimate of ways. The dichotomous reactions were very confusing.

He chuckled and put his hand up on the wall above her head as he leaned closer. "In that case, say 'I want you Dominic' or how about 'Take me out of here and make love to me, Dominic' which would also work."

She laughed softly, shaking her head. "I'm not that far gone yet."

He didn't say anything for a long moment while his eyes looked at her facial features. When his eyes dropped lower, looking at her lips, she wasn't aware that her own had softened, that her mouth opened slightly in anticipation.

"You will. Very soon, Sydney, you will say those words."

"Don't count on it," she countered, taking a deep breath.

He reached up and one finger trailed down her jaw then slid down her neck, making her body almost purr with anticipation.

"I'm counting on it. Very much so, Sydney."

He pulled back at that moment and she breathed deeply of air that wasn't scented with his spicy, masculine scent.

"But that's for later, when you're ready. At the moment, I'd honestly appreciate your opinion on the people who were discussing their successes over the past quarter."

Sydney bit her lip, her eyes moving back over the table, empty now but she was picturing the people and where they'd been sitting. "The two men who were fighting for the chair to the right of you. One of them I suspect is going through some personal problems."

Surprised, he leaned back against the conference room table, his head tilted to the side as he watched her carefully. "Why do you say that?" he asked.

Sydney described the way the two men had fought over the chair, with the other man's defeat coming quickly. It wasn't so much the more dominant man's success but the way the other man's shoulders had slumped. "If there was a workplace issue, I don't think his shoulders would have fallen like that. He would have glared back, his energy directed at the man instead of dissipating from his body. Also, the way he described his people's success makes me think that he's a valuable employee and a very good manager who cares about his employees as much as he cares about impressing you with their achievements."

Dominic was silent for a moment, absorbing her feedback. "And the other man?" Dominic asked finally, not giving her any feedback on what she'd just said about the first man.

Sydney was more uncomfortable with this assessment. She knew that she might be offering some information that could be wrong and detrimental to the man's career. "You realize that I've listened to these men for a little over an hour, correct?"

He nodded sagely, crossing his arms over his broad chest. "Yes. I'll take that into consideration."

She bit her lip, wondering how much to reveal about what she suspected in the man's attitude. "Well, I might be wrong, but it struck me as irritating how that man kept talking about his successes. He never gave any credit to the others in his group. They might not have existed in that man's eyes. Since his department had some large increases over the last quarter, there are probably some superstars in that group that are becoming impatient with the director's lack of acknowledgement. If their success continues and they don't gain the recognition they need, they'll find some other place to work."

Dominic's eyes sharpened at her comments and Sydney knew that he was absorbing her words, tossing them about in his mind. "The first man had some strong accomplishments as well."

That was a very valid point and basically the reason businesses existed so their achievements couldn't be discounted. "Yes, but how is the turnover in each group? Is one higher than the other? What's the morale like? Both men are very successful, but which group is going to accomplish your goals more effectively? Would the mor dominant man be more successful if he acknowledged the contributions of his team members?"

Dominic was impressed that she'd gained so much insight in such a small period of time. "Did you see anything else among the others?"

Sydney shook her head. "Can I get back to you on that? I'd like to think about my impressions before giving you any more feedback. No one else was as obvious and, since you didn't tell me why I was here," she said with a meaningful glare up at him, "I was focusing my attention on those two instead of the group as a whole."

He considered her words carefully, almost chuckling at her pointed jibe at his lack of direction. But he had to give her credit. She'd zeroed in on exactly the two people who he'd been most concerned with. And her insights were probably right on target.

"Fine. You have until the end of the week. I want you in my other meetings as well."

Sydney's mouth dropped open in dismay. "I can't sit in on all of your meetings. Especially since you started the ball rolling towards your next corporate devouring."

"Why not?" he asked, smothering another chuckle at her derogatory description of his business tactics. "What's the problem?"

"The problem is that I want to sleep at night."

He shook his head, leaning forward again. "No you don't," he said softly. "You want to be in my arms, screaming out my name just like I want you there as well." He paused, his eyes lighting at the idea. "Give in to the desire, Sydney. Make up for last night when we were both lying awake, wishing you'd given in already."

She looked up at him, all the pain of being without him surging through her. But she stepped back. "I can't," she whispered, gritting her teeth against the need surging through her. Everything was telling her to give in, but her heart was now involved and it was telling her to run away, stay safe.

He shook his head sighing with her rejection. At least for now. "You can. And you will."

He said it with absolute confidence and she wished she could be that sure of her ability to resist him. But it was an iffy thing, especially with him being so close.

"Let's go to lunch," he said and put a hand to the small of her back, leading her out of the office.

She glanced at her watch, hesitating only slightly. "You already have a business meeting scheduled in an hour. And I brought my lunch."

"Cancel my meeting and reschedule it for the next available time. It's just Tim Gumphries and he wants me to buy his company, which isn't going to happen because his business is going to die out from lack of creative direction. Besides, nothing in his company will help my groups, so it's a non-starter." He opened the door to the conference room and led her back to his own office area. "You're coming with me but we have an errand to run first."

He didn't let her even stop and get her purse but led her to the elevator instead, handing her his cell phone so she could cancel the meeting with Mr. Gumphries on the move. She wanted to say something back to him, argue about whatever his plans were but the elevator was full and she had to bite her tongue until they were alone and made the call to shift the appointment.

He led her to the back of a limousine. "We're stopping at Claire's before lunch, John," he said to the driver who only nodded his head in acknowledgement.

Sydney stopped in her tracks, glaring at the man's back. If he had turned around, he would have seen her eyes shooting daggers at his magnificent shoulders. "I'm not going to your girlfriend's house," Sydney snapped as soon as they were alone in the dark interior.

He raised an eyebrow at her statement and looked, down at her, startled by her vehemence. "Are you jealous?" he asked.

"No!" She was sickened at the idea that she might feel that way about this man. No, she wasn't jealous. But that didn't mean she wanted to meet his other girlfriends. She had some pride, she thought silently.

He laughed softly, his eyes taking in her angry posture and her furious eyes. "Yes you are."

Her eyes narrowed even more. "Are you trying to make me jealous?"

He leaned forward, crowding her once again. "You have to care about me in order to be jealous." He looked at her lips as they softened once again. "Do you care about me, Sydney?"

She pushed against his shoulders, relieved when he allowed her to push him back. "Absolutely not!"

He smiled slightly at her vehemence. "They why are you jealous of meeting my friend Claire?"

She stared out the window, her arms over her stomach and her legs crossed away from him. "I simply don't want to meet your other girlfriends."

His smile widened, but she didn't see that because she wouldn't look at him at the moment. "Ah, that implies that you consider yourself one of my girlfriends."

She huffed again, so furious she could barely think. "I refuse to be one of a crowd!" she snarled.

His finger sloped down her neck and she swung her head back to glare at him. "You're not in a crowd, Sydney," he said softly.

She looked up into his eyes, ready to battle with him. "I...."

He stopped her by placing his long, lean finger over her lips. "You're the only one in my bed right now. And I intend to keep you there for a very long time."

"I'm not in your bed!" she gasped, but her anger was dissipating with the sincerity in his voice.

"You will be. And we both know it."

"I did that already. We're not having a repeat performance."

"And you liked it. We both liked it. A great deal," he emphasized.

The limousine stopped outside of an exclusive boutique and he took her hand. "Humor me, okay?"

Sydney didn't want to give him anything, but she couldn't really deny him. Especially when he was holding her hand like that, causing shivers to race down her body and heat to pool in her stomach. Then that heat shifted lower when his hand slid up her back as they walked into the store.

A beautiful, elderly woman greeted Dominic with a huge grin and a gentle but effusive hug as soon as they entered. "Hello, dear. How have you been?" she asked, looking up at him. Her excitement at seeing him dulled as she looked into his eyes, concern shadowing those compassionate, blue eyes.

Sydney watched the woman curiously, thinking she looked to be in her mid-sixties. She was still a beautiful woman with perfectly coifed grey hair and a stunning suit that was intricately wrapped around her slender figure. She clasped Dominic's hands with affection and Sydney wished she understood what was going on. They spoke quietly for a long moment before the woman patted his hand and turned to face Sydney. "So," the woman said with a genuine smile of greeting, "you need a few new suits, is that correct?"

Sydney pulled her cheap suit down over her hips self-consciously. "I don't..." she started to say.

Dominic interrupted before the offer of new business suits could be rejected. He knew it was primitive, but Dominic wanted to drape his woman in luxury. It almost seemed as if he were putting his stamp of ownership on her by buying her the suits, although he didn't tell her that. He knew Sydney would storm out of the shop if he even hinted at what he was thinking at the moment.

Instead, he introduced the two women. "Sydney, this is Claire Duncan. She's a long term friend and has the most beautiful designs in the fashion industry."

Sydney looked at the elderly, elegant lady and was instantly both ashamed at her assumptions and furious with Dominic for letting her believe that he was involved with another woman.

Not that she wanted anything exclusive with the man. Or even inclusive. Or...okay, she wasn't even making sense in her mind now!

Taking a deep breath and pulling herself together, she ignored Dominic who was standing next to her, gloating. Pasting a polite smile on her face, she turned to the very nice, very sweet woman and extended her hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Duncan."

Claire Duncan instantly waved aside the formality. "Oh, please call me Claire. Everyone does." She looked Sydney up and down, her eyes instantly assessing her. "Size eight, am I right?" she asked.

Sydney looked self-consciously at Dominic, wishing she could just hide somewhere. She had no idea what kind of women he normally dated, but she suspected that his previous mistresses or girlfriends were probably a size zero, maybe a size two when he was slumming it.

The dratted man only looked back at her, one eyebrow raised. She practically huffed as she turned back to the kind woman. "Ms.....I mean, Claire, I think you're designs are stunning, but I can't afford anything here."

Claire smiled gently, her blue eyes softening as she took in Sydney's worried expression. "Graduate student, correct?"

Sydney once again tugged at the suit she'd thought so professional looking this morning, if still cheap and probably not the best fit. She was so resentful of Dominic for bringing her in here, showing her how sloppy she really looked.

Sydney pulled her shoulders back, trying to appear un-self-conscious around this stunningly elegant woman. "Yes. I'm almost finished though."

Claire only smiled graciously and turned slightly to examine Sydney's figure more closely. "Ah, then you'll need a whole new wardrobe for your new career."

"I don't...." she started to say, but Claire picked up a suit that had some sort of elaborate twist around the waist. "Oh my," she sighed without thinking. "That's beautiful." Sydney gazed at the suit with loving eyes, wishing desperately that she could one day be able to afford something like that. "How much is it?" she asked nervously, knowing that it was so far out of her budget she probably shouldn't even be touching it. Goodness, she could barely afford food lately because of this stupid thesis paper. There was absolutely no way she could afford a piece of art like this.

"I'm not going to tell you," Claire said with a gracious smile. "I'll charge everything to Dominic. He can afford it. You can't," she stated firmly. "Why don't you go try this one on and I'll have some others brought back to you.

"I can't..." Sydney was trying to put the suit back on the rack but Dominic stopped her with his hand covering hers.

Claire wasn't going to let Sydney out of trying it on either. "Of course you can," she interrupted. "Believe me, he's disgustingly rich. He can afford it without even blinking an eye."

She didn't care how beautiful the suit, she couldn't take it if Dominic were paying, and she definitely couldn't pay. "No," Sydney said firmly. "It isn't right. He and I aren't..."

Dominic interrupted her quickly, knowing exactly what she was going to say. "Yes. We are. Go try on the suit, Sydney."

Sydney turned and glared at him, hands fisted on her hips, showing him her frustration. "Listen, you jerk. We are not together. We won't ever be together. You are just too much of a..." she started to say something but he covered her mouth with his, kissing her as if he wanted to....well, he did want to make love to her. Probably right here. She wished it were right here. His tongue invaded, his mouth demanded while his teeth both teased and gently punished.

And it all left her clinging to him like a noodle that had been boiling way too long. She had no muscles, no bones, just the desperate inclination to melt into his hard, masculine body and feel him move in her as if they could simply forget about the rest of the world.

When he lifted his head, she was staring up at him, her fists no longer on her hips but on his suit, desperately trying to hold herself upright since her knees had decided that they were on vacation.

Dominic couldn't believe what a stubborn woman she was. "If you don't go try on the damn suit, I'm going to buy you one of everything in this entire store." He couldn't believe she was actually fighting against him buying her clothes. His other mistresses would tease, cajole and do everything in their power to get him to buy things. Not that he fell for their tactics unless he was in the mood. Which only proved once again that Sydney was different. She didn't want his money and it made something inside him warm at the idea. She only wanted him, he knew. She proved it over and over again, which was why he wanted her even more.

She was going to be belligerent about this simply because he was being so stubborn first. "I'm not going to let you..."

He interrupted her again, stopping whatever she was going to say by pulling her closer, his hands resting low on her hips so she could feel everything. "Sydney, so help me, if you don't go try it on, I will pick you up, carry you into the dressing room and strip you down so I can see what you look like in a suit that wouldn't be better in a trash heap, or even better, on top of a bonfire."

She pulled back with that description. "That's rude!" she gasped.

"You're right. The bonfire would probably extinguish from being smothered with all that cheap wool and irritating polyester." And then his voice softened. "Go try it on," he coaxed, stepping back and leaning against one of the heavy tables holding a stack of gorgeous, cashmere sweaters.

She poked him in the chest. "See? This is why we're not a couple. You're rude, manipulative and mean."

He leaned down and kissed her lightly on her mouth before she could pull away. "You wouldn't be able to hold out on me if I started to be nice."

She rolled her eyes. "Try me," she said a moment before she spun around on her heel and took the offered suit from Claire. "I would be honored to try this one, just to see what it might look like. Thank you very much for a moment of fun." She ignored Dominic's snort of disbelief behind her, smiling at Claire with sincerity.

Sydney would have laughed at Claire's expression if she hadn't been so furious with Dominic. Again. Claire's expression was priceless! Her mouth was hanging open in shock that anyone would dare to speak to the reputedly terrifying Dominic Carson like that and the sweet lady's eyes were wide after watching the two of them interact together in such a shockingly intimate way.

Sydney walked into the back of the store and found one of two dressing rooms, both of which were fabulously decorated with ultra-comfortable chairs, glamorous mirrors with quirky frames and bold colors. The decor was elegant without coming across as intimidating. And Sydney loved it on sight. It was exciting to try on clothes in a private dressing room for a change. The places she normally frequented had a large room with a small mirror where several women were trying on different items of clothing, all congregating awkwardly around the mirror to see how the item fit.

But when Sydney glanced at the price tag of the suit, she almost dropped the gorgeous piece of clothing. She could pay her entire semester's tuition for that much and have money left over for the ridiculously expensive books her professors required her to purchase! Good grief! How could one suit cost so much money?

This was yet another example of how different Sydney was compared to Dominic. He lived in the stratosphere of the wealthy elite while she barely made financial ends meet on a monthly basis. She scrimped and saved just to pay her rent whereas Dominic could casually drop this much money on a single item of clothing.

As she stared at the suit, she couldn't resist pulling it on just to see how it looked. She hung up her very boring and desperately out of date suit then slipped the jacket of the chocolate brown suit over her arms, loving the way the silky lining felt against her skin. It was almost sinful to be wearing her plain, white cotton underwear underneath this piece of art, but there was nothing she could do about it.

"How does it look?" Dominic asked as he stood on the other side of the dressing room door.

Sydney didn't know how to describe it. She pulled the skirt on, then looked at the view from behind, shocked at how sexy her bottom looked in the outfit. Examining the twist on the jacket, her waist looked like she'd just lost twenty pounds and four inches off of her hips. Her waist looked positively tiny! And the color! Oh my, it made her skin look creamy and soft. The other suit she's been wearing was also brown, but Sydney now realized that it had too much yellow in the color, making her look sallow and worn out. This deeper, darker chocolate color made her skin appear healthier, more vital.

"Sydney? Open the door."

She heard the worry in Dominic's voice but she couldn't react to it. Sydney was too astounded. She couldn't believe her eyes. She looked amazing!

The door opened without any effort on her part and Dominic stood there in the doorway, his eyes going from concerned to appreciative as he absorbed her new image in the designer suit.

He suddenly looked up at her and Sydney was sure that her heart actually stopped beating in that moment from the heat shining through his eyes. In fact, everything in the world stopped. There was no movement. There was no time or spinning of the earth. It was just Dominic's heat and her desire throbbing between the two of them.

She wanted him. She wanted him so desperately it was like a living force that arched between their two bodies.

The spell was broken when Claire stepped into the doorway. "Oh my, yes!" she sighed happily. "That looks lovely." Claire's smiling approval was the crowning moment on Sydney's astonishment. If Claire's educated eye approved, Sydney must look pretty good.

Dominic's mouth compressed and he tore his eyes away from Sydney's, looking down at Claire with a nod. "We'll take it. Send more to the address I wrote down for you. She needs shoes and accessories for everything. Can you do that as well?"

Claire's smile brightened at the man she obviously adored. "For you? Anything, dear." Sydney had to suppress the spark of jealousy when Claire beamed up at Dominic. It wasn't a sexual kind of jealousy though. It was jealousy that the two of them obviously shared a past and a deep affection for each other. Sydney wanted to understand Dominic in this way. She wanted him to be kind and sweet and generous to her. Not in a monetary way but with his affection and caring.

Dominic bent down low and kissed Claire's cheek gently. "Thank you," he said softly, squeezing her shoulders tenderly.

Sydney watched the two of them, a lump forming in her chest. There was something poignant, powerful between these two people. How did the two of them know each other? Sydney realized that she didn't know anything about Dominic's past. Was this woman some sort of aunt or close, family friend? The mystery of Dominic Carson continued to grow. The more she got to know him, the more she realized that he was a very complicated man.

"Anything for you dear."

Turning back to Sydney, he took her hand and pulled her out of the dressing room. He grabbed her old suit before she could even touch it. "Claire, would you shred these? They aren't fit for anything anymore."

Claire simply folded the discarded suit over her arm and laughed softly with a gracious, teasing smile.

Without another word, Dominic took Sydney's hand and tucked it onto his elbow. It would have been a courtly, gentlemanly gesture if someone else had been doing it. But with Dominic, it screamed of dominance and anger. Sydney wanted to punch him but she was too busy trying to keep up with him while still staring at her old suit in Claire's hands. The kind woman watched with laughter as Dominic pulled her out of the store.

When they were back out on the sidewalk in front of the lovely store, she pulled on his hand to try and get his attention. "Dominic, you can't do this to me! I won't let you drag me around like that and I can't afford this suit!"

He spun around a moment before they reached the limousine where his driver was standing at attention with the door open. There was an angry fire in his eyes but she didn't care. She stood up to him as he said, "Sydney, so help me, if you mention the cost of that suit one more time or even suggest that you are going to pay for it, I swear I'm going to put you over my knee and spank you until you beg for mercy. Do you understand?"

She pulled back, shocked by the vivid threat. She scowled up at him, refusing to be intimidated. "You'd do that, wouldn't you? You're such a brute!"

He stepped closer, eliminating the space she'd just put between them. "Not only will I do it, we'll both be enjoying it so much that you'll be begging me to do it again."

His swift shift in moods stunned her and her mind had a hard time keeping up with where his was moving. She swallowed painfully, not sure how to respond to him. She knew things like that went on, had read about that in her psychology books, but she'd never thought about it in personal terms. But the idea of Dominic...like that. She shook her head, trying to pull her hand away.

"Why don't you just leave me alone?" she begged, knowing she was out of her league with him. As much as he excited her, thrilled her with the need to keep up with him, she couldn't. He was terrifying and she wanted to pull back.

He suddenly realized what was going on in her head. Instantly, his body changed and he gentled. He still wouldn't let her pull her hand out of his, nor would he give her any space, but there was something about him that kept her from pulling back. His hand touched her face, cradling her cheek and jaw with a gentleness she hadn't been aware he could accomplish. "You don't need to be afraid of me, Sydney. I'd never do anything to hurt you. Or anything you don't want me to do."

Her body almost sagged with relief. Intuitively, she knew that was the case. But hearing him say the words was reassuring. "I know," she replied, leaning her forehead against his chest and taking in deep, reassuring breaths. This man was too experienced, too frightening and too awesome. Unfortunately, she was drawn to him in ways she didn't completely understand. And even that alarmed her. It was like her will was useless whenever he came near.

Dominic put his arms around her, his fingers diving into her soft curls and rubbing the tense muscles in her neck. "Then why are you fighting what's between us?"

She wanted to reach up and touch him, but she was so afraid of this thing between them. She struggled with the words, not sure how to explain what she felt when he was close to her. "Because you terrify me," she whispered, sliding her arms around her waist. It wasn't lost on her that she was looking for comfort from the very man who was scaring her.

He bent lower, kissing her gently before pulling her closer, almost cuddling her against his chest. With his fingers diving into her soft hair, Dominic looked up at the sky, trying to figure out what words would reassure her. "Trust me," he said softly.

"I don't." She thought she'd been quite firm in that so far, but obviously, he didn't believe her. Actually, she wasn't sure if she believed herself.

Dominic laughed, pulling her hands up so that she was touching him once again. He'd wanted her touching him for so long, ever since she'd walked into his office yesterday. Hell, he'd wanted her touching him for the past several weeks! He never should have walked out of her apartment that morning. He should have picked her up and carried her back to his place, then made love to her until neither one of them could speak.

Okay, so maybe he'd already done that albeit not at his place but at hers. And now here they were, standing on the sidewalk, duking it out and his body in pain as he waited for her to feel secure enough to trust him. "You will," he said with reassurance. "I'll make it so."

She laughed, the sound coming out like a hiccup. "You're pretty sure of yourself," she said but rubbed her cheek against his chest, loving the way his arms tightened slightly around her and the muscles flexed under her cheek.

His voice was husky when he said, "I'm sure about us, Sydney." He released her, only mildly irritated that she quickly stepped out of his arms. She'd willingly stayed near him for several minutes and they weren't kissing. In his mind, he considered that progress. Looking down at her sparkling eyes and her flushed cheeks, he was once again astounded by the difference a good fitting, well-made suit could do for her figure. "I'm also sure that you look incredibly lovely in that new suit."

She rolled her eyes again, dismissing his compliment. "Dominic, are you always this domineering?"

He laughed and took her hand. "Yes. You'll get used to it."

They walked the next few feet and she wondered if she actually was getting used to his ways. She wasn't running as far away as she could, she'd willingly accepted this assignment, even though she might regret it at certain moments of the day, and she couldn't deny that she felt alive when she was around him. Was that acceptance of his personality or just being a masochist?

He pulled her behind him and carefully held her hand as she stepped into the limousine, surprising her with the unexpected, gentlemanly gesture. He took her to lunch at yet another fabulously exclusive and amazingly lovely restaurant where he met with a very nice gentleman named Ralph Dorlov. Sydney realized almost immediately that this was the owner of the company Dominic had decided just last night to acquire. How could he have arranged everything so quickly? The man certainly moved fast. Perhaps that was why he'd made it so far in the business world. The man certainly didn't let grass grow under his feet.

As she nibbled on a smoked salmon salad with the most delicious vinaigrette dressing, Sydney listened with amazement as Dominic convinced Mr. Dorlov to sell his company to him. At the beginning of the meal, just as the wine was served, Mr. Dorlov was adamant that there was no way he would sell his company to Dominic. By the time a creamy, decadent, chocolate dessert was placed in front of each of them, Mr. Dorlov was eagerly working out the details and timeline of the sale of everything to Dominic.

She actually couldn't believe it when Dominic suggested a price significantly below what Mr. Dorlov had originally discussed over the main course. And what was more stunning, Mr. Dorlov eagerly agreed to the price!

Sydney had read all the e-mail traffic over the morning on Mr. Dorlov's company so she knew that the price Dominic actually came down to was very reasonable. But how he'd brought the elderly man down over the course of one meal, she simply couldn't understand. How had he done that? She'd been listening to the entire conversation!

The three of them parted after the productive meal, Mr. Dorlov grinning from ear to ear as he shook Dominic's hand effusively before leaving for his own office. Dominic put a hand to the small of Sydney's back and led her to where John was waiting with the car and Sydney listened silently as Dominic conveyed the results of the lunch conversation to one of his vice presidents along with a long list of action items for the woman.

Back in his office, she stared at the computer, her mind whirling through the lunchtime conversation. Over and over again, she tried to analyze exactly what Dominic had done, how he'd listened to Mr. Dorlov's objections, turned them around and countered each one.

She had a pen in her hand and a large piece of paper as she worked on diagraming the conversation. Over and over, she worked through what had happened, how Dominic had manipulated the argument without making the other man feel controlled.

She simply couldn't figure it out. Looking at her diagram, she pushed her fingers through her hair, unaware that she'd messed up the soft waves that had been neatly pulled back earlier in the day. She wasn't even aware of the passing of time, of Dominic coming and going from the office to his meetings while she started pinning the papers up on one of the empty walls in Judy's office space. The more she thought about the conversation, the more papers she needed in order to expand the diagram, coming up with additional points in the conversation where a turning point had occurred.

When Dominic finally came back from his last meeting of the day, he stopped and leaned against her desk. Darkness had fallen outside. But her mind was working overtime.

He stood there for several minutes, enjoying the enticing view of her adorable bottom in the tight-fitting skirt. She'd abandoned the suit jacket and was wearing only the thin, jersey shell that Claire had provided so he had a perfect view of her trim waist and her slender arms. He almost chuckled when she stuck another pencil in her hair to keep it off of her neck. She looked sexy as hell and shockingly cute, all at once.

"What are you doing?" he asked, his arms crossed over his chest as he watched her. Well, he watched her adorable bottom more than what she might be writing on the taped pieces of paper.

Sydney twirled around, unaware that she had one pencil tucked behind her right ear, another one twisting her hair high up on her head so it was off her neck, she was clenching another one in her mouth and holding yet another in her hand.

"Excuse me?" she asked, her eyes unfocused and she turned back to her diagram.

Then she realized where she was and she spun back around to face Dominic, her eyes wide with the horror of her complete abdication of all business responsibilities this afternoon. "Oh my!" she stopped, the pencil slipping out of her fingers and barely catching it before it fell to the floor. "Umm...." She looked from the wall behind her that now had about twenty pieces of paper taped to it and then back to the tall, sexy man lounging against her desk. She looked down at her watch and gasped when she realized that it was well past quitting time. "I'm so sorry. I've completely neglected...everything!"

Dominic just chuckled, amused by her concentration on whatever she was working on. "I'll forgive you if you'll tell me what all of this is."

Sydney cringed, not sure if she wanted to tell him anything. It was a bit embarrassing. She bit her lip, considering her options but finally discarded any sort of diversion. In the end, she knew that she would need his permission to do what she wanted to do. Even his cooperation. It would probably be best if she got it all out into the open up front. "It's all about you," she admitted.

His eyes widened and he looked closer. "Me?" The scribbles on the papers didn't seem like anything coherent, at least to his way of viewing things.

She smiled slightly at his confused expression but turned back to the wall, her eyes surveying all the data she'd mapped out so far. "Well, more specifically, about your conversation over lunch today."

His eyebrows rose in surprise at her explanation. "What was so special about my conversation?"

She looked up at him curiously. "You don't even realize what you did, do you?"

He shrugged, wondering how a two hour lunch could be turned into a multi-page diagram. "I convinced a man that he wanted to sell his company to me."

She laughed, amazed that he was so humble about a skill that took some people years to develop and even then, never quite reached his level of persuasion. His charisma and persuasive abilities just came naturally to him, she supposed. "Would you allow me to interview you? I'd like to change my thesis."

He looked taken aback by the mere suggestion. "Why would you change your paper? Haven't you been working it for months?"

She stepped closer to him, tapping the pencil against her chin. "I've been doing a theoretical paper on the applied differences in the psychological theories and how they can be used in organizational psychology." She moved even closer to him, trying to carefully watch his eyes to see if she might be offending him. "But I think you're persuasive technique is a much more interesting thesis. I believe there's a significant lesson to be learned from analyzing your methods."

Dominic didn't care if she wanted to write a fifty or sixty page document about a conversation. It seemed a bit silly in his mind, but he liked that she was interested in him. He'd obviously done something to impress her. It was a heady thought. He could amass billions of dollars in personal wealth, employ literally thousands of people across the globe and shift competitors' business strategies simply by being seen with one person or another because people feared what he might do. But Sydney was impressed by a lunch conversation. Go figure.

"What's so interesting about a conversation?" he asked, pulling her between his legs, his hands resting on her hips and he felt a thrill of success when her hands rested against his chest of their own accord. She might not realize it, but she was learning to trust him even though she'd denied being able to that just this morning.

She tilted her head to the side, trying to explain to him how amazing his natural ability to influence people when it was just second nature to him. So many people would like to know the secret but to him, it was just his normal modus operandi. "It's the way you spoke, the tone of your voice, the words you used. The inflection of your tone and your body language as you conversed with a man who was originally completely opposed to your idea, all of that was put into play to get Mr. Dorlov to see things your way. But after just ninety minutes of talking with you, he was not only on board with your suggestions, he was willing to discount the price."

Dominic shrugged, dismissing her comments. "He knew it was a good deal. He can take the profits he'll make on this sale and invest it in something else. I think, deep down, the guy enjoys the challenge of starting something new rather than maintaining something that is running on its own momentum."

She couldn't help it when she smiled, shaking her head in awe. He was so unaware of the genius of his conversation. She was slowly working through it, but it was taking her time to figure out the layers of complexity that came naturally to this man. "Would you mind if I studied you?"

He grinned. "I would be honored if you studied me. I think you should do a very thorough evaluation of my process." As he said this, his head bent lower, kissing her neck and absorbing the shivers from her body, thrilling to each new movement of her lush form against his. "When do you start?" he asked.

Sydney tried to smile, but she couldn't quite do that at the moment. "I believe it has already started," she sighed, referring to the diagram behind her.

Dominic pulled the pencil out of her hair, letting the soft mass fall against his hands. "Then we should proceed."

Sydney was barely aware of anything now. All she knew was that she was floating in the air and his hands were touching her. Everywhere. When she felt the cooler air on her thighs, then the heat from his hands as they moved up her legs, she gasped in delight. Her hands were busy pushing his tie off to the side so she could work the buttons on his shirt.

She was mindless now. All day, she'd been subjected to the sexual tension, the small touches, the barely there caresses and now, when he was touching her like this, she couldn't stop the thrill that went through her whole body.

When her fingers had finished unbuttoning his shirt, she felt his shudder when her hands skimmed over the newly revealed skin. But it wasn't enough. She wanted all of him.

She felt her world shift but wasn't sure why. She simply held on tightly to his neck as he kissed her, deeply and passionately, his tongue invading her mouth and battling with her own. Both of them were ravenous, hungry for each other. No longer was she able to suppress her need because it was in control now. She wanted him and he was here.

He lifted her up briefly, but she couldn't stop touching him, kissing his neck, to wonder what he was doing. She felt the hard surface underneath her bottom but didn't pay any attention to what it was or where they were. Dominic and his hands, the heat that his touch created within her were her only reality. She gasped when she felt his hands on her breasts, unaware that she was almost completely naked now. She arched up to him, begging him with her gasps and her sighs for more. His mouth sucked on her nipple, making her cry out and pull his head harder.

Dominic was making her mad with desire and she was urging him on, stoking the fire higher. She needed him. Now. "Please Dominic," she gasped when his hands pulled her underwear off and pushed her legs apart. "Please don't make me wait."

Dominic heard her and groaned with his need. Pressing into her, feeling her heat wrap around him like this, he knew that he'd found heaven. And then hell as her body shifted and she took him deeper. "Sydney," he groaned, not sure what he wanted to say, just knowing that he wanted her badly and just being inside of her was no longer enough.

"Please!" she gasped, and shifted her hips.

Dominic needed no further urging. He grabbed her hips and pulled her closer, causing her to gasp with the pleasure shooting through her. He set the pace, feeling her muscles contract around him and moved faster, harder, listening to the sounds she made as a gauge to how close she was. When he felt her climax contract even harder around him, he let himself go, feeling as if his whole life was pouring into this fascinating, erotic, sensuous woman in his arms.

When they were both finished, he lifted her gently in his arms and sat down in his large, leather chair, smiling as she melted against him, completely satisfied. She wasn't heavy at all, he thought as his hands ran through her hair, his fingers tangling in the soft curls.

Sydney looked around, not sure what time it was, wondering what had just happened, in her mind fighting to break through the haze of pleasure. When her eyes focused enough, she looked back at Dominic's desk. "Please tell me we didn't just have sex on your desk," she whispered, aghast at the possibility.

Dominic pulled his head up from where he'd been kissing her neck and looked around. He smiled as he realized that they were indeed in his office although not exactly on his desk anymore but close enough. Thankfully, it was after hours and he'd had the foresight to lock the doors. "I can't do that, love," he said and moved to the other side of her neck.

"Dominic," she gasped and pushed against his shoulders. "We did not!"

He pulled back and laughed softly, his hands sliding down so they were cupping her bottom. "I hate to break this to you, Sydney, but we definitely did."

She looked behind her, seeing his computer, the desk and his gorgeous desk behind her. "Let me up," she urged, pushing against his shoulders in an attempt to get up off of his lap and the undignified position she was currently in.

Dominic considered her words, thought about how good she felt in his arms and wanted to shake his head. But they were in his office, on his desk chair. So in the end, he lifted her in his arms and placed her gently back onto the desk, then stepped back to help her down, holding her when she was unsteady on her feet. "Are you okay?" he asked.

Sydney groaned with embarrassment, leaning her head against his chest. She loved the way his hands felt on her waist, the way he was still warm and smelled so good. "Yes," she finally whispered. "We can't keep doing this."

Dominic was in complete agreement. "Then stop pushing me away and come home with me." He wanted her in his arms, in his bed so he could do this more thoroughly. He wanted to wake up with her snuggled in his arms so he could start the whole process over again in the morning.

She sighed as she pulled away from him, grabbing her skirt from the floor and slipping it on before smoothing it down over her hips. Her bra was draped across his computer monitor and her shirt was on the other side of his desk. She pulled all of it on as quickly as her shaking fingers could manage. She found her underwear on the floor but had to toss it into the trash since it was torn up. She then took it out of the trash, gripping it in her hands.

"Why did you do that?" he asked as he straightened his own clothing, still amazed at how sexy she looked. Even more so now that he knew she wasn't wearing anything under that gorgeous suit.

She walked away from him, shaking her head as if she still couldn't believe what they'd just done. "Because I don't want the person who comes in here later to empty the garbage and see my underwear in the trash," she explained as if that were completely obvious. "It's embarrassing."

Dominic stared at her for a long moment, then threw back his head and laughed. "Sydney, you don't even know the person who comes in her to clean. I don't know the guy. Or even if it is a male. Why would you care if she or he sees your underwear in the trash can? They wouldn't know it was yours even if they took the time to examine what might or might not be in the trash can."

He watched with amusement as she huffed, squaring her shoulders and looking very prim and proper. It was such an amusing juxtaposition from what she'd looked like fifteen minutes ago, he couldn't help but admire her spunk.

"I just don't want anyone to think less of you. Or me, for that matter." She shook her head, feeling ashamed suddenly of what they had just done.

"Why would they think less of either of us? And why would I care?"

"You should!" she snapped, irritated that they were still discussing this. "I have to go." She started moving towards the door, desperate to get out of here. She just wanted to curl up in her apartment and hide under the covers for the next twenty-four hours. Or twenty-four years.

He quickly grabbed her hand and turned her back to face him. "Come home with me. Let's finish what we've started." He couldn't believe that she was walking away after what had just occurred between the two of them. Didn't she understand how rare it was for two people to find this kind of chemistry? This kind of attraction? But it was more than just a simple attraction. She felt something for him. He could feel it when she touched him, when she talked to him or laughed with him. He'd thought it while they were talking on the phone over the past few weeks and he was even more convinced of it now. They'd been in each other's company for less than one day and already they couldn't keep their hands off of each other.

She quickly shook her head, fighting the tears that were threatening to flow over her lashes. She couldn't let that happen. She had to get out of here, away from him, before she broke down. She had too much pride to let him see her like that. "Dominic, this was a mistake. And you know it. We're from two different worlds and..." she hesitated, not sure how to say it kindly.

Dominic wanted to laugh again but he suppressed his amusement this time. "And you don't like me personally," he finished for her, walking over to where she was standing. He pressed her back until she was against the wall, his body pressing against hers so she could feel what she did to him. "Your body doesn't seem to care much about what your mind likes or dislikes."

"My mind is completely on board with not going home with you." She said this firmly, but it didn't come out with as much heat as she'd have liked. The dratted man started kissing her neck, just the way she liked it. "Stop doing that," she ordered. Her hands went up to push him away, but they seemed to be wrapping around his neck instead. "I have to go. I have a lot of work to do."

"I'll help you," he said and nuzzled her ear, nipping at it slightly.

She knew better. He would only help her into his bed. "You'll distract me," she countered. "Just like you're doing now."

He smiled, pleased that she knew him so well. "So let yourself be distracted."

She sighed and pushed at his shoulders, relieved when he stepped back, but not completely. He kept his hands on her waist and he only gave her a couple of inches. "I have to go."

He decided that a different approach was necessary. She had to understand how he felt about her and if showing her with intimacy wasn't going to do the trick, he'd have to give her other clues. "I want you to come work for me," he said, completely surprising her with the change of subject. And with the subject matter.

She blinked and looked up at him, not sure why he would say something like that. "I'll be here tomorrow. Judy should be back on her feet soon." Was that all he was talking about? The look in his eyes indicated that he was trying to discuss something completely different from only a temporary position.

He shook his head and stepped back, leaning against his desk and crossing his arms over her chest, looking like some sort of dangerous, ultra-sexy movie star. "No. I want you to come work for me as an organizational psychologist. I want you here permanently." He named a salary that made her gasp from surprise, then stopped and waited for her to respond.

She started to say something but closed her mouth, not sure how to respond. "I don't think..."

He was already shaking his head, seeing what she was going to say before she even said it. "Don't turn me down, Sydney. I always get what I want. And I want you."

She put a hand against her forehead, trying to wrap her mind around what he was asking of her. "Dominic, this is crazy. You don't know me, you don't know my qualifications or anything about me."

He tilted his head with a smile to his golden eyes. "I know you like it when I kiss the side of your neck. And I know that you bite your lip when you're about to climax in my arms, trying to stop yourself from making any noise."

She blushed, wishing he wasn't so observant all the time. "Not that it helps," she snapped, then smacked her hand over her mouth. "I didn't just say that."

He laughed softly and stood up. "No. It hasn't helped the last few times." He smoothed out her hair, knowing she was unaware of how messed up it looked. He also liked to run his fingers through the softness, amazed at how it fell back into place perfectly. "Why do you even try?"

She stepped out of his arms, shivering with renewed need. She wished she didn't always feel like this whenever he touched her. It was horrible to feel so out of control all the time. "I have to go," she said without answering his question.

"Will you think about my offer?" he asked, following her to the outer office while he watched her body move with unconscious grace and elegance. Damn, his body was already hard and wanting her again!

She pulled her purse out of her drawer, resisting the urge to bite her lip in front of him. He would only laugh. "I'll think about it."

He smiled, realizing exactly what she was doing and seeing through it instantly. "Good." He pulled sticky note off of her desk and wrote something down. "Here's my private phone number. Call me tonight if you are feeling cold and lonely. I'll come and get you."

"Why?" She stared at the number, praying that she wouldn't lose her self-discipline and dial it.

He stepped closer, his hands diving into her hair on each side to hold her head still. "So I can bring you back to my bed where you would be right now if you weren't so stubborn." And then he kissed her. His mouth making love to hers, showing her with his lips and his tongue what she would be missing. When she was shaking, clinging to him once again, he stepped back and stared down at her. "Think about that as well. I want you in my bed as well as on my staff."

She walked out of his office on wobbly knees, stepping into the elevator and refusing to look up. She knew he would be watching her and she wasn't sure she could resist him if she saw him again. She just couldn't go home with him. She shouldn't even react to him like she seemed to do whenever he touched her.

Where were her morals? Where was her spine? She didn't like the man one little bit.

Okay, so she admired his business tactics. In fact, she wanted to redo her entire thesis paper on his tactics from lunch today.

And maybe...sometimes...when she let her guard down more than normal, he made her laugh. Yes, she had to like that about him. Not many men could do that, she thought. Or at least, not many men could do it as well as he could.

The elevators opened up on the lobby and she smiled a stiff greeting to the guard on duty as she walked out of the building.

Remembering their lunch together made her think of the man and his amazing intelligence. The thought of re-starting her thesis gave her renewed energy. She picked up her step, almost running to the bus stop so she could catch the next bus back to her apartment.

Thirty minutes later, she was walking through her door, not even bothering to check her mail or fix something for dinner. She didn't want to eat. She wanted to write. She opened her computer and set up a new page. As soon as her fingers typed the first words, she couldn't stop, the words seeming to fly out of the ends of her fingers. She cursed when she realized that she hadn't brought home the diagrams she'd already worked on in Dominic's office but instead of wasting time going back to get them, she pulled fresh sheets of paper out of her printer, taping them to the wall and starting all over. This was actually better, she thought because she was now remembering other details, more issues that were brought up over lunch and Dominic had been able to counter.

She worked until the early hours of the morning, her mind unable to shut down even though she could feel the exhaustion starting to seep into her body. It had been an incredible, exhausting day, she thought with all that had happened. But she still couldn't shut her mind off.

It was almost three o'clock in the morning when she finally brushed her teeth and forced herself to stop working. And even then, it took her several minutes to fall asleep. Her mind kept going through everything that had been said and all that she'd done over the last several hours. Ever since she'd walked into Dominic's office again, she'd been thrown onto a roller coaster, battling to keep up with him.

When her alarm went off the following morning, she jumped out of bed and pulled up her computer despite her eyes that were burning from lack of sleep and staring at the monitor for too long the previous night. She added a few more notes, her mind sifting through the dream she'd had. Even in sleep, she'd been thinking about this project and Dominic's overwhelming presence. She opened her lone closet and was surprised to find that she had ten new suits hanging in plastic bags, each one more beautiful than the other. And all of her other suits were gone.

She should be irritated with Dominic for doing this. He must have called her building manager who had hung these clothes up and taken her old ones. She rolled her eyes when even her shoes were traded in for lovely new ones, all in colors that perfectly matched the new suits hanging in the closet.

He was certainly thorough, she thought with resignation, her fingers running over the suits as if they were made of gold. Well, they were worth a small fortune. At least to her and her budget driven lifestyle. Probably not worth a whole lot to Dominic who probably didn't know the meaning of poverty or what it was like to wonder where one's next meal might come from.

Since she didn't have an alternative, she pulled out a lovely lilac pant suit, sifting through the boxes on the floor until she found a pair of matching, soft purple shoes. They were gorgeous pumps in the softest leather with a sexy pointed toe and the thinnest heel! When she slipped them onto her feet, she couldn't believe how comfortable they were. Perfect!

Grabbing her computer, she packed everything up and headed to the bus stop, ignoring the stares from the others who were also waiting for the bus. She'd ridden this transit system for years and, although she didn't speak to any of the other patrons, she knew them and recognized them. So she was painfully self-conscious of her new look as the others who rode with her every day looked her up and down, some with outright envy in their eyes.

She felt uncomfortable with their stares, but that didn't detract from her excitement of the upcoming day. She would see Dominic in less than an hour and she had a new, more exciting topic to research. Even while she rode in the back of the bus, she opened her computer and wrote up additional thoughts.

By the time she arrived at Dominic's office, she was farther ahead in this project than she'd been on her previous subject. She needed to get this thesis approved, but she didn't think she'd have any problem doing that. It was such a fascinating subject.

She sat down at Judy's desk, forcing her mind to stop working on her project and concentrate on Dominic's business. She was just about to jump up and get a cup of tea when she realized that there was already a cup of coffee sitting on her desk. It was still steaming hot and smelled delicious.

She took the cup and walked to Dominic's office, almost afraid to enter his domain after working on this thesis, even dreaming about the man, for so many hours. It was almost as if she'd slept with the man himself.

Then she saw him talking on the phone to several other people and her heart rate increased. She knew in that moment that working on a project about him and being with him were completely different. There was no comparison. The project stimulated her mind. The man stimulated every cell in her body. Gone was the exhaustion due to only a few hours of sleep. The man sparked electricity inside of her and she couldn't believe how alive she felt right at the moment.

He winked at her when he saw her and she swore her heart skipped a beat. When he waved her into one of the chairs, she hurried back to her desk and picked up a pen and paper, bringing the cup of coffee with her because she knew that he'd gotten it for her. She was so touched by his thoughtfulness that it almost distracted her from the call.

The meeting was long and Sydney took notes just as she had the previous day, but this time, she also took notes for herself in the margins. She watched him in this environment, realizing that he couldn't use his body language to adjust his message during the conference call as he had over the lunch yesterday. The people on the phone could only listen to his tone, the words he used and she was doubly fascinated.

Several times, she found herself just staring at him, admiring the way he worked, impressed with the way he directed the conversation so that it came out with both of the other people on the phone agreeing with his agenda, and more, being excited about it.

"Would you mind getting me the file from last year's Miller contract?" he asked as soon as he ended the call. "Something Mark just said made me think of an issue in that contract we could use."

Sydney stared at the man, her pen frozen in mid-air. Had he just made a request? Or had she mis-heard him? Surely she must have misunderstood what he'd said.

"What's wrong?" he asked when she didn't immediately move.

She shook her head and stood up, more than ready to find the file for him. "You asked me to do something." She walked out of his office in a daze, unaware that he followed her.

She bent over the filing cabinet and immediately found the file, then spun around, landing right in his arms. "What are you doing out here?" she asked, already breathless with his hands on her hips.

He was looking down at her curiously, an odd expression in his golden, enigmatic eyes. "Why were you so surprised that I asked you for something? I ask you for things all the time."

She would have laughed at him if he weren't serious. "No. You command me to get you something and then dismiss me from your mind. You haven't ever asked me politely for anything since you stepped through the doors that first day," she said and slapped the file in question against his chest.

Dominic took the file and wanted to chuckle. She looked almost disgruntled. He whistled as he carried the file back to his office. "By the way, you look incredible in that suit," he said. He winked at her right before he said, "And I especially like the way the top is lower than your other suits. Gives me some good views."

Sydney gasped and her hand quickly slapped against the scalloped neckline. She didn't have a chance to say anything to him since he'd disappeared once again into his office.

She glared at the door for only a moment, not sure if she should be offended or just laugh at him. In the end, she sighed, shaking her head as she went back to her own desk and sat down. There was a lot to do, she told herself. Flirting with the boss was not on the agenda today.

The rest of the day flew by and she tried very hard to control the shivering whenever Dominic passed by her. Sometimes he would touch her cheek, or just lay a gentle hand on her arm. And sometimes it was a simple look, something in his eyes that told her exactly what he wanted to do with her. Or to her.

She suppressed all of that. And was even grateful when he had a meeting at five o'clock that night. It enabled her to slip out of the office on time so she could head to the library and work on her thesis. She ignored the texts from him at six o'clock when he asked her where she was. She told him, but shivered with excitement when he texted back and told her to give him a call when she came back from the library.

In the end, she didn't text him back, thinking it was too late. She hadn't gotten back to her apartment until past midnight and, after the previous night of working so late, she was exhausted.

The following morning, she received a call early in the morning from Jill letting her know that Judy, Dominic's assistant, was back in the office. "Thanks for letting me know," Sydney said and tried to stifle the tears that threatened to spill out of her eyes. She wouldn't see Dominic today? The idea was so depressing she just sat there amid her rumpled sheets, feeling like the sun had entirely disappeared behind thick, impenetrable grey clouds.

She looked at her wall, seeing all the papers with the man's details spread out. With a smile and a renewed spark of energy, she jumped out of her bed and immediately started working on her paper. She didn't bother to shower, forgot breakfast and lived off of coffee for several hours before she finally couldn't take the hunger any longer. She only stopped to make herself a sandwich, and even then, only ate half of it.

The research wasn't the same as being with Dominic, but it helped ease her depression when she could analyze his conversations, his working style and come up with explanations as to why he was so successful.

When her cell phone rang later that day, she had to dig it out from her purse, which was buried underneath her bed. She hadn't showered or changed clothes since she woke up this morning, but she stared down at her computer with pride. She'd basically finished her thesis! In two days? Impossible, she thought as she answered the call without bothering to look at the caller.

"Hello?"

"Where have you been?" Dominic demanded angrily.

Sydney pulled back, surprised by his angry tone of voice. "Good morning to you too!" she snapped right back at him. "I see you're reverting to your old self. It was nice to have a charming man yesterday but I guess it was too good to hope the nice guy wouldn't be buried."

Dominic listened to her criticism with barely restrained fury. He'd been calling her off and on all day long, starting to genuinely worry about her. And she answered the phone with a bright, cheerful voice as if nothing were wrong with the universe. "If you'd look out that tiny excuse for a window in your apartment, you would see that it is no longer morning but early evening. And why didn't you text me last night when you arrived home from the library?"

She looked out her window and was surprised to see that it was already dark. "Good grief," she mumbled. Then realized that Dominic was still waiting for an answer. "I didn't text or call because I got home after midnight and was too exhausted to do anything other than fall into bed. I also didn't want to disturb your sleep. In addition to the crazy schedule, I've been working on my thesis almost non-stop in order to get it finished in time."

"It doesn't work that way. I'm always disturbed whenever you're around. Or when you're not around."

She huffed, offended by his manner. "Well, if I'm such a bother, why don't you just go find yourself another woman to irritate?"

Dominic was ready to throttle her. He couldn't believe he was actually having this conversation! And that it was going so poorly. "I'm almost at your place Sydney. I'm taking you out for dinner and I'm not listening to any of your excuses. We're going to talk."

She looked at her apartment, noting the way everything looked like a hurricane had just come through. "You can't!" she gasped. She hadn't even showered today!

"I'm about ten minutes away. I'll pick you up."

He didn't give her a chance to deny him and Sydney didn't bother to call him back, knowing that he probably wouldn't answer the phone. And if he did, he wouldn't accept any excuse to avoid dinner with him tonight.

As she hurried into the shower, she knew that she didn't want to avoid him anyway. Her heart was soaring and her body finally felt alive simply because she knew she'd see him in a few minutes. She had never taken such a fast shower in her life, but knowing that Dominic was going to be knocking at her door any moment, she rushed through shampooing her hair, jumping out of the shower. She dried off and pulled on a pair of jeans, grabbing the only clean shirt she had left. It was only a little tight but she didn't think it was too bad. She could wear a jacket over top of it, she supposed.

She tossed her sheets back on the bed and closed up her bed, relieved that it was easily hidden. Makeup was her next priority but the knock sounded on her door before she had a chance to even put on a touch of powder.

"Just a minute!" she called out, dabbing her nose and under her eyes with powder.

"Sydney, open the door!" Dominic called out.

She slid some lipstick on while she walked over to the door. "Don't you ever get sick of issuing orders?" she demanded as she pulled the door open.

And then her mind just stopped. He looked so magnificent, she thought, staring at him, her mouth going dry at the sight of him, tall and muscular, standing in her doorway.

She watched in fascination as he stared right back at her, then moved forward. She saw the purpose in his eyes, knew exactly what he was going to do and she thought about stopping him, of putting her hand up and pressing him back. But she didn't want him to stop. She gasped with delight when he picked her up in his arms and lifted her up for his kiss. She thrilled to his strength, wanting his touch, his kiss! And it was even better than she'd remembered. His lips were demanding, tasting perfect and all she wanted to do was stand here like this and revel in how wonderful he felt.

Her hands were everywhere. He'd discarded his tie and jacket at some point since leaving his office and her hands only had his tailored shirt to contend with. She quickly undid several buttons and loved the way his skin was rough, covered lightly with hair and felt like steel with all those hard, bulging muscles just underneath the surface. She didn't realize that she had his shirt off of his shoulders until she heard her apartment door slam shut. She looked up, dazed and desperate, trying to get her bearings but he didn't let her.

Within moments, she was on her back, her bed pulled out and all of her rumpled sheets surrounding her but nothing mattered except getting him naked and feeling all of him. He didn't disappoint her at all. When he entered her, she felt like the world was once again right. And he took her higher than she thought possible, almost delirious with the pleasure and she cried out, holding him tightly as she slowly descended back to earth.

When he could breathe once again, he lifted himself up and looked down at her. "You drive me crazy," his fingers running through her hair. "Why is your hair still wet?" he teased, lifting himself onto his elbow.

Sydney sighed with happiness. "Because I hadn't showered until you called. I finished my thesis," she said and pulled the sheet over her nakedness.

He looked down at her, wondering why she would bother to cover herself when he'd just kissed almost every part of her. "What have you eaten today?" he pulled the sheet away, his large hand covering her slender waist. "You've lost weight this past week. I'm guessing you haven't been eating very well, have you?"

Sydney shrugged slightly, trying very hard not to fall back into that sexual daze when he touched her.

Dominic grimaced. "In other words, you haven't eaten at all today, have you?" He didn't wait for her answer. "Come along. I'm taking you out to dinner and you're going to eat a huge meal." He took her hand and lifted her into his arms. "Another shower for both of us and we'll be out the door."

It wasn't "another shower" and they weren't out the door quickly. As always happens when Dominic was around her, they didn't make it out for the next hour. The process of showering became a different process completely with him standing next to her.

At dinner that night, Sydney argued with him about just about every subject. She loved that they disagreed because it added so much spice to their conversations.

She wasn't sure how she ended up at his place that night, in his arms, making love with him over and over again, but by the time the morning sunshine was shining on her face, she knew she had been thoroughly made love to. She smiled at the memories because he'd finally allowed her to explore his body last night and she'd taken full advantage of that freedom.

And then her smile disappeared. Because he wasn't here with her. He didn't have his arms around her like he'd done all throughout the night.

As she looked around, she told herself it was a good thing that he wasn't here. She didn't want him to be here with her. If he'd actually woken up with her, held her in his arms through the morning, she might start to like him again. Since that wasn't going to happen, she appreciated that the horrible man was true to form.

She showered in his enormous bathroom, liberally using his soap and shampoo. When she was once again dressed, she found her way out of his massive penthouse apartment. She took a few minutes to look around, astounded by all the evidence of his wealth. He didn't just live on the top floor of a large apartment building. The man lived on the top three floors! Why one man needed so much room, she'd never understand. She lived a cramped, if happy, life in a room about half the size of his bathroom!

Just another reason to stay away from him, she told herself as she descended the elevators to the street once again. She shook her head when the doorman offered to get her a cab, knowing she couldn't afford one at this point. Instead, she walked several blocks to the nearest subway station, grateful to be able to sit down once again. She refused to cry, she told herself as the subway train sped along underneath the streets. She wasn't going to sob out her frustration that Dominic hadn't stayed in bed with her this morning, she wasn't going to cry about how different their worlds were or how opposite all of their opinions. She didn't even like his taste in decorating, preferring more comfortable furniture than the horrible, modern pieces he had in his apartment.

His bed had been comfortable. At least when she'd gotten to sleep in it, she told herself. Another point against him, she thought as she let herself into her tiny, closet-like apartment. She wouldn't get any sleep if she were to stay with him.

Chapter 5

Sydney stared at the blue plus sign, her whole body feeling as if she might actually throw up. Or maybe she'd just take the easy way out and faint right here on the toilet. She looked around and discarded that idea. She had the tiniest bathroom in the universe. Maybe she'd pass out once got back into the main room.

Standing up, she knew she was a little iffy on the legs so she held onto the sink as she shuffled out the door, almost falling onto her worn out sofa.

She was due to graduate this weekend. How was she supposed to stand up and accept her degree, knowing that she'd messed up so monumentally? How could she look at her friends, smile and pretend like her life hadn't just altered course. She wasn't even being dramatic about that. Her life would never be the same again.

Pregnant. She sifted that word around in her mind. Pregnant?

How was that possible? Dominic had always used protection. They'd been relatively careful, she thought with confusion.

Okay, so condoms weren't one hundred percent effective. If she'd given in and accepted their relationship, she probably would have gotten on birth control. But when would she have had time to do that? The past semester had been insanely busy what with working for Dominic, finalizing her classes, re-writing her thesis and getting all of the other little details in place that came with graduation.

Well, she'd certainly had time to have a relatively torrid affair with the man so she probably had time to find more effective birth control.

Her shoulders dropped because it no longer mattered when she would have gotten on birth control. Thinking like that was a little like closing the barn door after the cows had gotten out. She was pregnant already. Contemplating when she would have had time to prevent such an occurrence was a waste of energy.

She fell back against the cushions, her mind trying to figure out what she was going to do. If she were truly honest, she needed to tell Dominic.

What would he think? How would he react? She didn't know him well enough to know how he felt about kids and parenting, she thought with an overwhelming sense of regret. How could she have gotten pregnant with a man she didn't like? He might have billions to spare, but he was still an arrogant, overly confident jerk who thought he ruled the world.

She shook her head, refusing to give herself that excuse any longer. She kept telling herself that she didn't like Dominic, but in reality, she was just protecting herself from what he made her feel. She used his obnoxiousness like a shield, pushing him away when he scared her too deeply.

She liked him, she thought as she stared at the ceiling of her apartment. She tested that out, saying it again in her mind. Yes, she definitely liked him. Maybe too much.

It didn't matter though. If he didn't want kids, she didn't need him. She could do this on her own if she needed to, she told herself firmly. She could raise this child even if she had to work at a fast food place for the rest of her life. Which she wouldn't. She had many resources, one of which was a very good degree from a great school.

She breathed in deeply, her mind focusing on the practicalities of the issue. She needed to get a job. She knew it would be difficult because she had very little experience, but she could do it. Being pregnant would be a huge disadvantage, but she would survive.

Breathe in, breathe out, she told herself. There are single mothers all over the world. Even her own mother had done this by herself. It would have been nice if she'd been employed for a few years, married with a wonderful man, but that was not in her future.

She sat up and looked around. Did the world seem different now? She wasn't quite sure.

She had a few errands to run and she was meeting her friends for a last trip to the bar down the street for happy hour...okay, so that's out of the question, she thought with a grimace. No more drinking. No more coffee, no more caffeine. Ugh, did that mean she couldn't have chocolate? She loved chocolate!

Her head fell into her hands. She wasn't sure of all the things she needed to do about this, but she'd head to the library and get a book. She just needed to read up on all the things she should be doing during each step of her pregnancy.

Her hand covered her belly and she had to smile. She actually loved kids. She'd always wanted a big family having been an only child growing up. So this first one came a little earlier than she'd expected. She could get through this.

Now that the initial panic of her pregnancy had worn off, she was actually pretty excited about it. And it never would have happened if she and Dominic hadn't been so frantic. It might have been more sensible to have waited, planned out a pregnancy, be financially stable. But she would get through this one step at a time.

Her phone rang and she looked at the caller ID. Dominic. She'd have to take this call. She'd been avoiding him again and he wouldn't relent until he got what he wanted.

"Hello?" she answered, her whole body bracing for the impact his voice had on her senses.

"It's about damn time," he growled. "Where have you been? And when are you coming out to dinner with me? I need to see you again."

Sydney took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "I have been here in my apartment for the past thirty minutes. Before that, I had final exams. Before that, I think I was here."

Dominic's frustration increased with her flippant answers. "Come over to my place tonight," he coaxed. "We'll have dinner and we'll talk."

She laughed and Dominic knew exactly what she was thinking. What was worse, she was probably right. "Dominic, we don't talk. You start kissing me and..." she didn't finish.

"I know," he said, a smile in his voice at the memories of their brief attempts to keep their hands off of each other. "I have the perfect solution to that," he said, grinning as if he had solved all of the world's problems.

Mentally she groaned, not sure what he could possibly have put in place to keep them from tearing each other's clothes off and falling into bed. "I'm sure I don't want to hear this, but go ahead."

"Just move in with me," he replied. "If you're here all the time, we could work through the physical side of our relationship more easily. I'm sure once we're with each other enough we'll eventually be satisfied and can start talking."

She laughed but knew he was serious. "Well, thank you for the offer, but I don't think that's a very good idea." Even though it would take off a great deal of the financial stress due to her condition, she couldn't do that. There were too many other issues involved between the two of them. Including her not having a broken heart.

"I think it's an excellent idea. Just try it. What harm could there be? You were going to move anyway once you got a full time job, right? And it isn't like you would want to save any of that furniture. It should have been donated to a dump several decades ago."

He had a point. Looking at her furniture, she relished the idea of getting something new. But moving in with him wasn't the solution. "Dominic, I'm sure you have this all worked out in your mind, but it isn't going to happen."

He sighed heavily at her predictable response. He wasn't going to give in though. He knew there would come a time when he would figure out exactly what to say to keep her in his life permanently. He just had to keep trying different angles. "You're being stubborn, aren't you?"

She rolled her eyes, but knew he couldn't see her. "I'm being realistic. We're not compatible."

He chuckled at her answer. The sound was sexy and vibrated through the phone lines to her ears, making her shiver. "I disagree. We were incredibly compatible the last time I saw you."

She blushed at the memory of that night. It had been a long, pleasure-filled night. But she also remembered waking up alone. Again. "We need to talk, but it has to be in a neutral place."

There was silence for a long moment. "What's going on, Sydney?" he growled.

She took a deep breath. How could he instantly know that something was wrong? She'd swear the man could almost read peoples' minds. "I'll meet you at your office. What's your schedule like?"

"I'll send John to pick you up. Just tell Judy to get me out of whatever is going on when you get here." With that, he hung up the phone and Sydney took a deep breath.

Looking at her jeans and tee-shirt, she knew she didn't want to show up looking like this. For the conversation she needed to have with Dominic, she needed to feel confident, strong. She didn't want to go in looking like...well, like a college student, even if that's exactly what she was.

No, for this conversation, and for all the arguments he would throw at her for moving in with him, or for his complete rejection of her and their child if it came to that, she needed a power suit. And thankfully, she had just the thing, thanks to Dominic's crazy generosity.

With resignation, and a secret thrill that she was afraid to admit to, she opened up her tiny closet and looked over the beautiful suits Claire had sent over. She chose one in a dark blue that almost looked like a pirate suit. There were large, gold buttons and capped sleeves, but the suit buttoned twice at the waist with points coming down. She tried it on and instantly felt better. As she surveyed her appearance in the mirror, she nodded, knowing she could face Dominic in this suit and give him the news.

As she smoothed her hand down over her stomach, she paused, wondering about the small life that was growing inside of her that her body was already nurturing. It wasn't even a fetus yet, just a clump of cells but already, her heart swelled with love for this life. The thought of aborting this baby was out of the question. If Dominic wanted that, she'd just....disappear. No matter how sad that thought made her feel, she wouldn't do anything to hurt this child. Already, every maternal instinct inside of her was rearing up and making her stand up just a little bit taller.

She slipped on the matching shoes just as someone knocked on her door. Picking up her purse, she could only chuckle at how different her worn out purse was next to the amazing suit. She didn't care though. A purse was just something to carry one's wallet and lipstick in so she slung the worn out but still serviceable purse over her shoulder and answered the door.

"Hello," she said, smiling to John, Dominic's driver, as he stood in the hallway.

He tipped his hand and smiled back. "I have been sent by Mr. Carson to bring you to his office," he explained with painful formality. "Are you ready to go?"

Sydney's hand once again smoothed over her stomach protectively but she nodded her head. "Is anyone ever ready to face Mr. Carson?" she asked, and felt better when the man chuckled, understanding exactly what she meant.

"He takes some getting used to," John replied. "But he's a good man."

Sydney pulled the door closed as she asked, "How long have you been working for him?" She walked down the hallway, peering at the kind gentleman over her shoulder and hoping he might be able to give her some insight into how to deal with such an enigmatic man like Dominic.

"Over ten years, ma'am." He opened the front door to the building for her, then hurried across the sidewalk to get the limousine door open.

She paused with one hand on top of the now-open door, looking at John as if he were a curiosity. "That seems like a long time. I'm impressed." She bit her lower lip, trying to decide if she should ask, but in the end, it was just too important. "How do you deal with him every day?"

The man's eyes twinkled merrily. "You and Mr. Carson have a completely different relationship. I daresay that he's never treated anyone as he does you, Ms. Watson."

That confused her. "How so?"

John shrugged slightly. "I can't really define it, Miss. He's just...different."

The man only smiled in response and Sydney sat in the back, contemplating how loyal a driver John must be to have worked for a man as irritating as Dominic for so long. The man was a tyrant, she knew, but even Judy had been with him for a long time. Surely he had some redeeming qualities.

Other than the ones she already knew about, she thought, thinking of how wonderful it was when he kissed her.

And what could John mean by "different"? Was that a good different or a bad different? And did she really want to know?

Yes, she thought with determination. She needed to know as much as possible about Dominic to deal with him. She might have broken some sort of code by speaking to John about his employer, but she didn't care. She would use any possible advantage when trying to figure out a better way to handle Dominic.

All too quickly, John was pulling up outside of Dominic's building and Sydney walked into the lobby. She smiled to the security guards who quickly handed her a visitor's badge without her even mentioning where she was going. On previous visits, she'd been told to head straight to the human resources department to get her badge so this was a much easier process.

Stepping off of the elevator on the top floor, she felt the trembling start already. She wasn't sure if it was due to the idea of seeing Dominic again or about the conversation she'd have to have with him.

Judy stood up immediately and walked towards her, shaking her hand. "It's wonderful to finally meet the miracle woman who covered for me!" she gushed, smiling kindly at Sydney. "I know the man can be difficult, but we've never had anyone in to cover for me that has done such an excellent job."

"Did Dominic say that?" Sydney asked, hoping that he might have complimented her, even without her knowledge. That would go a long way towards soothing her wounded pride.

Judy laughed and waved her hand in the air. "Goodness, no. Mr. Carson never compliments anyone. At least not directly. Or perhaps just not in my presence." She chuckled as if the idea were too ludicrous. "No, it was just that everything was extremely organized and he didn't give me anything that needed to be fixed. That was a first," she explained with glee.

Judy wasn't anything like what Sydney had pictured. She'd imagined Judy to be a sexy blond or a spicy redhead, eager to please Dominic and doing it all with style but also with a territorial defensiveness that wouldn't allow anyone to do her job better. Instead, Judy was about sixty years old with grey hair pulled up onto the top of her head. She had a lovely face and her wrinkles only added a gentleness to her smile. And hearing that everything had gone well made Sydney's heart warm, even if the words hadn't come from Dominic.

"It's very nice to meet you as well," Sydney replied with a heartfelt smile. Judy was a welcome relief from all the problems that had been plaguing her lately.

"Don't tell her any of my secrets, Judy," Dominic's deep voice called out. "She's already terrified of me."

Judy laughed, waving the warning away as if she knew Dominic didn't really mean it. Sydney on the other hand, wasn't sure what to think of the man leaning against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest in a way that made his muscles bulge underneath the tailored dress shirt and his eyes were watching her with...yes, that heat was there definitely. But something more. Wariness?

Surely Dominic wasn't worried about her, was he?

"Come on in," he commanded and disappeared.

Sydney smiled wanly towards Judy as she moved forward, obviously reluctant to enter the lion's den. When she stood in the doorway, she looked around, trying to find out where Dominic was so she could sit as far away from him as possible. She was expecting him to be sitting at his desk, but instead, he surprised her by standing right by the door, looking down at her as if she would be his next meal.

Before she could say anything, he turned slightly and called out to Judy. "Don't let anyone disturb us," he commanded softly, and then closed the door firmly.

Sydney swallowed, her panic rising up in her throat as her eyes drank in his wonderful appearance. She was having a very hard time not moving into his arms. All she wanted was to lay her head against his chest, to feel his strong arms wrap around her and....

Bursting into tears was not what she had in mind, but she sighed as he did exactly what she needed him to do, his arms pulling her forward and his hands rubbing her back as the emotions of the past several hours swelled up and overwhelmed her. She didn't understand what had come over her, but she couldn't seem to stop crying, her tears getting the front of his shirt wet. Thankfully, he didn't seem to be one of those men who hated tears. He simply gathered her close and let her release the pent up emotion.

"Whatever it is, it's going to be okay," he said, his fingers dislodging the pins in her hair so his fingers could slide through the tresses unhindered.

Sydney couldn't stop herself when she wrapped her arms around his waist, her body sobbing out all the fear that she'd been experiencing ever since she'd taken that pregnancy test. She might be excited, but there was a very strong sense of panic, of not knowing how she was going to deal with all the challenges of being a new mother. Not to mention the unknowns, the pain of delivery, the isolation she would feel being the only single mother in her group of friends, the agony of finding a job that had adequate maternity leave. The list of challenges was very long, but his arms were strong and secure, making her instantly feel better, safer and more secure.

She felt his strong arms lift her up and she moved her own arms around his neck, burying her nose against his shoulder and reveling in his power, his strength. She couldn't stop crying, but he didn't seem to care. He just carried her over to the sofa and sat down with her in his arms, rubbing her back and letting her release all the pent up emotions.

When the sobbing finally subsided and silence ruled the office, she took a deep breath, then laughed when he handed her his handkerchief.

"Thank you," she said and wiped her cheeks, grimacing at the mascara that messed up his previously pristine handkerchief.

"You're welcome," he said and kissed her forehead. "Want to tell me what that was all about?" he asked gently.

Sydney took a deep breath and slid off of his lap. She had no idea where her purse had landed, but she didn't really care at the moment. "Not really. But I guess I owe you an explanation."

He leaned back against the black leather of the sofa and watched her carefully. "It would help."

She almost laughed, but the situation was too dire.

She turned away from him, not sure she wanted to see his face when she gave him the news. But at the last moment, she turned back just as she said, "I'm pregnant."

Dominic didn't move for several moments, nothing on his face changed as he stared at Sydney. The instant thrill that shot through him almost knocked his head backwards, but he just sat there, absorbing the intense pleasure he felt at the news.

He was also ashamed that the thought of a pregnancy would keep her in his life. He didn't want to let her go, but had been unsuccessful at figuring out how to keep her with him. He wanted her so badly, and not just in his bed, but he knew that a baby wasn't a good way to keep her in his life. That didn't matter though. He thought it and he couldn't deny how much he wanted that. Both her and this new life she'd just introduced him to.

He watched her, his mind trying to figure out if she was happy or sad about this latest issue. Her crying when she'd first walked in might indicate she was not thrilled, or at least not as thrilled as he was feeling right at the moment. But her hand came down to touch her stomach, her fingers splaying wide as if she were trying to protect the baby.

His heart just about burst inside of his chest and he couldn't believe how excited he was at her news. But still, he held back, trying to gauge her mood. "Are you okay?" he asked softly, his eyes looking down into hers. "Are you feeling okay?"

Sydney couldn't help the burst of laughter. Of all the things she'd been expecting, denial, anger, fury even, she hadn't been prepared for concern over her welfare. "I'm fine," she reassured him and felt a bubble of happiness start to form in her heart.

A horrible thought suddenly occurred to him. He leaned forward, his hands clasped in front of him as he leaned on his knees. "What are your plans?" he asked grimly.

Sydney couldn't figure out what he was feeling. She wished he would give her some sort of clue, but everything about him appeared neutral.

She took a deep breath and stared at his chest, unable to look him in the eye. "I'm keeping the baby," she said firmly. "I don't expect anything..." she couldn't say anything more because he had lifted her up into his arms, hugging her, kissing her.

When he finally put her down, he was looking down at her but he kept her close, his hands on her waist but moving up and down against her sides. "Thank you," he sighed and kissed the top of her head. "We'll get married as soon as I can arrange it," he told her.

She pulled back, looking up at him with all the confusion she was feeling revealed in her green eyes. "You're not angry?"

He laughed and hugged her close again, more thrilled than he could even express. "Why would I be angry? I love kids." He chuckled and took her hand as he shook his head. "I'm not sure how it happened since I thought we were pretty careful about everything, but that doesn't matter since you're pregnant and," he smiled down at her, "it's pretty great."

She stepped out of his arms and backed up. "But we don't need to get married," she said cautiously. "We can both..."

His eyebrows drew down low over his eyes with anger showing suddenly in their golden depths. "Don't even go there, Sydney. It's past time for you to admit that we need each other."

She stared at him, wishing he'd say something other than "need". She wanted him to love her, to want her in his life. "Needing isn't a good reason to get married," she challenged softly.

He shook his head. "You're moving in with me immediately. We'll be married this weekend."

She stepped back even as he moved to take her into his arms again. "I'm graduating this weekend."

He smiled slightly, immensely proud of what she'd accomplished. "Were you going to invite me to your graduation?"

Sydney bit her lower lip, trying to figure out how to politely tell him that she hadn't sent him an invitation. "You're a bit too..." she watched his eyes, feeling horrible all of a sudden. "Dominic, you're a very public person. I..."

"Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?" he asked, a slight smile on his handsome face.

"No!" she quickly exclaimed. "Of course not." She couldn't figure out how to explain it to him. "I just...we aren't...." she sighed and sat down on the sofa. "I didn't think you'd want to attend. You're a giant shark in your ocean. I'm not really anyone. Why would you want to attend my graduation?"

He sat down next to her, taking her hand in his and rubbing his thumb against her knuckles. "Since we'll be husband and wife, and by the time you walk down to get your diploma, you'll be Mrs. Giant Shark, how about if I come and..."

Sydney put a hand to the middle of his chest, panic overwhelming her as she listened to all of his plans. The idea of marrying Dominic was frightening, amazing, terrifying and enticing. She wasn't sure which emotion was prevailing at the moment.

"Can we wait until...after graduation for...all of those plans?" she asked, having difficulty getting the words past the lump in her throat. She wanted to cry once again and she wasn't sure why.

Dominic watched her carefully and seemed to come to some sort of conclusion. "We can put it off under two conditions."

"What are they?" she asked, pretty sure she would agree to just about anything to get out of marrying this man. Something was just horribly wrong with his words but she need time and space away from him in order to figure it out.

"First, you move in with me. Tonight. I want you in my home and in my bed every night. I want to make sure that you're eating dinner and taking care of yourself. And I want to fall asleep with you in my arms and wake up with you still there. No more of these late night calls where we're living in separate parts of the city."

That lump seemed to increase in size but his words sounded lovely. Why was she even hesitating? What was wrong with this whole thing?

"And your second condition?"

Dominic knew that she hadn't actually agreed to his condition, but she hadn't rejected the idea either. He considered that progress. Besides, she was letting him touch her without shifting away from him. He could deal with a lot when she was allowing that.

"That you come work for me. The job offer was serious. I want you on my team, working for me and finding ways to improve the way we work around here."

Sydney sighed with relief at that. "Thank you," she said with a slight smile. "Can I get back to you on both?"

His lips thinned with irritation. "No. Who else is offering you a job, Sydney?" he asked, standing up and looking down at her, his hands on his hips in an angry manner.

"No one!" she gasped, then hesitated. "Well, two other companies and one agency, but I don't know what I want to do. I'd really like to just take a little time off and figure out what I want to do."

"Take off time for our honeymoon," he stated firmly. "Where do you want to go?"

She sighed and looked down at her lap. "Dominic, you're a pretty overwhelming kind of guy. Couldn't you give me some space?"

"No!"

That only irritated her. "Why not?" she demanded, standing up and squaring off with him. "It isn't like I'm asking for something crazy."

He was already shaking his head. "Because I know you think I'm an ass. If I give you time, that idea will just ferment in that pretty head of yours. No, I'm not taking the chance that you'll see reason."

She laughed and knew he was only half joking. "Well, when you put it that way, how can a woman refuse?"

"Exactly. So I'll arrange the wedding for this Friday. We'll be married and you can contact the graduation group of your change in name."

That had her whole head spinning. "Change my name?" she looked at him askance. "What are you talking about?"

"You graduate on Saturday, right?"

"Yes. Isn't that what we've just been discussing?"

"So by Saturday, you won't be Sydney Watson any longer. You'll be Sydney Carson."

She felt like something hard and powerful had just slammed into her body and she couldn't breathe for a long moment. She just stared at him, her mind refusing to work.

He moved closer to her, his hands reaching out and holding her shoulders as if he could infuse her body with his will. "It's going to happen, Sydney. If I have to move mountains, you'll be my wife. Both you and this child will have my name."

Sydney stared at him, her eyes tearing up but nothing was really making any sense. She was looking at him, but he was disappearing. One moment, she was looking at his handsome face, the next, everything was black.

Chapter 6

"Is she ok? What's wrong with her?" Sydney heard Dominic's voice but it sounded worried, and as if it was coming from a very far distance. She tried to wake up, to reach out and touch him, do anything to reassure him that she was okay, but she couldn't seem to lift her hand. It felt heavy, requiring more energy than she had at the moment.

"Just a bit too much excitement," a strange voice was saying in a reassuring tone of voice. "The beginning of any pregnancy is difficult, Mr. Carson. If she takes things easy, she'll be just fine."

"And the baby? Is the baby okay?" That was Dominic's voice but why did he sound so scared? Surely he could see that she was perfectly fine.

Sydney heard the man chuckle and his lack of worry eased her mind. "The baby seems to be just fine. In another week or two, you should be able to hear the heartbeat. Things are early right now but soon you'll start to see changes in your fiancee that will ease your mind about both her health and the baby's."

Dominic stared at the woman lying on the leather sofa, his body aching with the need to protect her, to wrap her up in his arms and carry her somewhere that she would be safe. He didn't want her to be hurt. He wanted to give her everything. But the crazy woman didn't want anything. How was he supposed to protect her and show her what he was feeling when she didn't want anything he could give her?

The doctor stepped away and Dominic vaguely heard the man telling Judy something but he wasn't sure what. And then there was silence.

"She's going to be okay, Mr. Carson," Judy assured him. "I've got a prescription that I'll get filled immediately for pre-natal vitamins."

Dominic sat down next to Sydney, taking her cold hand and trying desperately to infuse it with his heat. "Judy, can you also get her a new purse?" he asked. "Something nice, something she won't be embarrassed to carry?"

Sydney tried to move her lips, to tell Judy that she didn't need a new purse. The one she had worked perfectly fine, but she was too tired still.

"I'm okay," she finally got out, trying to open her eyes. "Purse is fine," she was also able to get out.

"Thank goodness," Dominic said when she finally spoke. "Don't ever do that to me again!" he snapped.

"Sorry," she laughed softly, picking up her hand and resting it against some part of his body, she wasn't sure what. It was hard, that's all she knew. But then, every part of Dominic was hard and muscular so it could be anything from his shoulder to his thigh. She smiled slightly, wondering if it was his thigh. Several possibilities occurred to her if it was his thigh and that seemed to wake her up the rest of the way. "What happened?" she asked, opening her eyes and looking around.

"I don't know. You passed out on me. Just fell into my arms and scared me to death."

Sydney looked at the vital, very much alive man sitting beside her. "You don't look dead."

Dominic wasn't sure if he wanted to strangle her or kiss her. Since kissing made more sense, and would feel better, he leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss on her soft, pink lips. "Okay, only half to dead."

She laughed softly, but pulled her hand away. "I think I'd better get home."

"I'll take you," he said and took her hands to help her stand once again. "Do you need anything? Have you eaten lunch?"

Sydney smiled slightly. "Yes. I had a very healthy lunch, Dominic."

He wasn't so light-hearted. "Let's go," he said and wrapped his arm around her waist, his mind frantically trying to figure out how best to protect her. "Cancel my meetings this afternoon," he said to Judy as he walked by her office. She immediately picked up the phone to follow his order and he was relieved to have the rest of the afternoon to take care of Sydney. And his unborn child.

Chapter 7

Sydney stared at the elevator doors, her fear rising up once again. "Why are we here? I thought you were going to bring me home." This was his penthouse. It definitely wasn't her studio apartment with the chipping paint and the miniscule kitchen which didn't even fit one person.

"You are home," he said firmly. "I can take care of you here. Besides, there's no way you can convince me that the place you call an apartment is big enough for you and me, plus the baby that will be coming soon. That's a closet and not an apartment. And if you argue with me, I'll show you my closet to prove that it's actually bigger than the place you call an apartment."

She shook her head, laughing slightly at the idea of his closet being bigger than her entire apartment. She didn't doubt that it was, but the comparison still seemed humorous to her. "I don't like your apartment. It's too sterile," she said and planted her feet on the concrete floor of the parking garage. "And I don't need you to take care of me."

"Fine. I'll have my realtor come by to see you tomorrow. You can pick out our new home for whatever suits you."

She looked at him curiously, unaware that she was moving along with him into the elevator. "Why would you move simply because I don't like your place?"

He shrugged. "I don't particularly like it either."

Her eyebrows went up with that. "Why would you live here if you don't like it?"

"It suits my needs."

She looked at him suspiciously. "What needs are those?" Once they were inside the elevator, she turned to face him. "How many other women have you brought here to this place?" she demanded.

Dominic looked down at her, his laughter rearing its ugly head. He couldn't help it but he tried to suppress it, knowing that if he laughed, she would become angrier. "I've never brought any other woman here, Sydney. Be assured that you are the only woman who has graced my bed."

That surprised her. "Why not?"

He laughed now, delighted that she was finally showing him some sort of emotion other than fear. And he liked jealousy. It showed him that she was much more emotionally invested than she was willing to admit. "Because this place is where I live and entertain for business purposes."

They were at the top level already and she allowed him to lead her into the apartment. "Where did you bring all the other ladies in your life?"

One eyebrow went up with her question. "You're the only lady love in my life, Sydney."

She impatiently waved that aside. "You know what I mean. Where did you..." she swallowed painfully, not liking the idea of any other woman touching him. "You know....be with other women?"

He shook his head. "I'm not discussing my past lovers with you."

She didn't like that at all. She wanted to know what the competition was like. "Okay. Then I won't discuss my previous lovers either."

He chuckled. "Since I'm your only lover, that doesn't seem to make sense."

She shook her head. "No, my previous boyfriends. Just because you were my first real lover, that doesn't mean that..." she couldn't finish since he'd lifted her into his arms and kissed her, not allowing her to continue with her thought.

When she was clinging to him once again, he lifted his head and looked down at her. "As of this moment, I am the only man I want you to discuss. And I will return the favor by not talking about the other women that drifted through my life since they obviously mean nothing to me."

She closed her eyes, her arms wrapping around his neck. It all made sense, but she couldn't help feeling jealous. There was nothing to keep him with her, no feelings on his part. It was only a matter of time before she became another "woman that drifted through his life" and she hated the thought. Okay, so she had a bit of a larger part of him growing inside of her. So she would always be a part of his life in some way. But what happens to her when he moved on to another woman? How was she to handle seeing him with his next lady love?

And what did that mean about her feelings? She dropped her hands and pulled back, staring at him with wide, terrified eyes.

"What's wrong?" he asked, setting her on her feet but not letting her move away.

She sighed and bowed her head. "Nothing," she mumbled. But it wasn't 'nothing', she thought miserably. She was in love with Dominic Carson! That definitely wasn't "nothing". In fact, it was a big, huge, horrible "something". And she wished she'd never discovered that "something".

"I need to go home," she said weakly. But she didn't want to leave. Well, more specifically, she didn't want to leave Dominic's company. She wouldn't mind leaving this horrible penthouse with the ugly furniture that would be better suited to a dentist's waiting room.

Dominic put his hands on her hips and looked down at her gently, trying to determine what was going on inside her mind. "Why don't you stay and talk to me. We have some big decisions to make."

Sydney walked over to one of the leather chairs and perched on the edge. In the back of her mind, she registered that the seat was just as uncomfortable as it looked but she was too focused on trying to figure out what her future held.

She looked up at the tall, handsome, difficult man she'd fallen in love with and her chest wrenched with the idea of never seeing him again, of never rolling her eyes when he tried to act unbearable and annoying or domineering. She realized that she truly loved this man, all of his quirks and irritations as well as the secret, soft side of him that he tried to keep hidden away.

"What do you want to happen?" she asked, bracing herself for whatever he might come back with. There was absolutely no way she would terminate the pregnancy so if he said something like that, she would simply walk away. But if he said....she took a deep breath, not sure what he might say. The possibilities were boundless.

"I want you to marry me," he explained slowly, watching her face for signs she might balk at the idea. "I want you in my bed every night, just like I've been asking you to do practically since the first week you came to work for me. I've wanted you like no other woman I've ever met. You drive me crazy and make me laugh, keep me from becoming a complete ass and you're beautiful and sexy and I don't want you to leave this house."

She smiled slightly, warmed by his words. They were very nice, but they weren't the words she wanted to hear. Her feelings for Dominic were overwhelming her but she wanted him to need her, to love her and feel something other than lust for her. "I can't stay here forever," she countered.

"Why not?"

She grimaced. "First of all, because this isn't a house. It's a torture chamber," she replied, indicating the furniture she was sitting on that was barely softer than a board. "And secondly, because we can't make a home for our child based on sexual compatibility." There was so much more that she felt, but he needed to feel that too. And she couldn't force him to love her. That wouldn't be love, it would be obligation.

She stood up, ready to walk out the door and her whole body and mind protested. She didn't want to go, but she couldn't make him feel something he didn't feel. "I'll make an appointment with a doctor and will let you know, in case you want to be a part of this baby's life. But I won't make you. And I won't ask for money. That's not what this is about."

Dominic stood up as well, grabbing her hands and turning her around so she was facing him. "Sydney, there's no way you're going to shut me out, even to be only a part time father to this child. You love me, I love you, what do I need to do to convince you that we were made for each other?" He ran a hand through his hair in frustration, trying desperately to find the words that would stop her from leaving. "Dammit, you can't leave!"

"Okay," she replied softly. She couldn't say anything else as powerful emotions choked her and tears started to fall from her lashes once again. He loved her! That was really all she needed to hear!

He went on as if he hadn't heard her. "First of all, you need me. And not just as a father! You don't just need my money but you're damn well going to have it!" he snapped. "And secondly..." he stopped and looked down at her. "Okay?" he finally said, her statement getting through his muddled brain. "Just okay? You'll stay?"

She cringed, her mouth grimacing. "Well, maybe not here. But perhaps we could find a nice house? Somewhere that doesn't feel so...." She looked around at the impossibly sterile furniture, trying to find a gentle word.

He laughed, realizing exactly where she was going with her glance. "I get it. You hate my place. And that's not a problem. We'll start looking for another place tomorrow," he said and bent down, swinging her up into his arms and walking swiftly down a long hallway. "What the hell did I say that changed your mind?" he demanded when she wrapped her arms around his neck.

"You said you loved me," she replied, smiling up at his handsome, confused face.

He blinked and stopped short, just standing there in the middle of the hallway and looking down at her. "That's all you needed to hear?" he asked. "Why didn't you just say so?" he growled, then continued down the hallway towards what Sydney hoped was his bedroom. "Silly woman! I fell in love with you when you stood up to me on that first day. I loved it when you put me in my place."

She laughed, shaking her head. "No you didn't. We hated each other that first day."

He shook his head. "Why do you think I was such an ass to you all the time?" he asked, barely letting her feet touch the floor before his hands dove into her soft, brown curls. "I couldn't stand that I'd fallen so hard for such a sweet, gentle woman. I didn't want to fall in love with you."

She pulled back when he was about to kiss her, glaring up at him. "Why not?" she demanded, putting a hand in the middle of his chest to stop him. "What was wrong with me?"

He laughed, the sound deep and sexy and made her wiggle as the sound reverberated throughout her whole body. "Because I knew in that moment that my single days were over. As soon as I stepped off of the elevator, I knew that you were the one."

"I wish I could have fallen in love with you that quickly." She thought back to how horrible he'd been over the past several weeks. "Or maybe not. I'm already having trouble understanding why I love you now."

He laughed. A full bodied, wonderful laugh and he caught her up in his arms, hugging her. "You fell in love with me over that lunch when you finally let loose and argued with me. It might not have been as fast, but I knew you loved me just as powerfully as I did you. Why do you think I called you every night instead of just showing up on your doorstep? I knew I could have gotten you in bed with just a touch or a kiss."

She thought about that, tilting her head to the side. "We do have a bit of trouble staying clothed whenever we're near each other," she answered with equal doses of amazement and resentment. "So why didn't you come over? Why did you call me instead?"

"Because I wanted you to come to me of your own free will. I didn't want you to just want me for my body and my sexual skill," he came back, his fingers deftly releasing the jacket of her suit and slipping it off of her shoulders.

Sydney couldn't help but laugh when his words contradicted his actions. "You're a horrible man," she said, even while her own fingers were quickly working at removing his tie.

"Yes, but you love me," he came back, bending low to gently kiss her, holding her in his arms and showing him through his actions that his words of love were not a contradiction.

"Okay," she sighed when he finally lifted his head. "I'll admit that I love you."

He reared back, shaking his head. "Finally!"

"But why such hideous furniture?" she asked, then giggled at the challenging expression in his eyes.

Dominic wouldn't answer her. He just laughed, then picked her up and laid her in the middle of the bed, coming down with her and kissing her so she couldn't criticize his furniture any longer. But he mentally made a note to call his realtor at the first opportunity. He would move heaven and earth to make sure this incredible woman was deliriously happy from this moment onward. Even if he had to be nice to accomplish that feat.

