Chapter 1

It was time, Sid Matthews thought.

The woman crossed the elegantly decorated lobby and his eyes watched, his body instantly reacting to her lovely, innocent looking face and lush body. His eyes continued to follow her as he watched the computer screen which was connected to the security cameras all over the Solara Resort and Casino. His dark, intense eyes never left the image of the petite, red haired woman who was currently crossing the lavish lobby of the resort, the sophisticated cameras catching even the flash of fire that sparked through her hair as the light glinted off the fiery strands. It had been six months since she'd started working here. Six months since he'd sat in this very office, interviewing the woman and being distracted by her long, sexy legs the whole time. He'd known as soon as she'd walked into his office what his plans were for her. And it wasn't as the Special Events Coordinator for which he'd hired her.

She was going to be his. Sabrina Charmichael was everything he knew he wanted in a wife.

As she continued her elegant, purposeful walk across the lobby, she fell out of site in one camera. He pressed a few more buttons on the computer keyboard and the next camera picked her up. Crossing his arms over his chest, he considered the way she moved, with grace and style. She was unlike any other woman he'd ever known and Sid had known many. Too many, he thought dismissively. With Sabrina, Sid had discovered she was more than just looks. Behind that beautiful facade, the woman was smart, compassionate and friendly with everyone and her staff raved about her ideas.

Sid couldn't argue with them on the smart and creative side of the equation. Her ideas had increased room bookings at the resort by twenty five percent in the short period of time she'd been working here. Before her arrival, the Solara Resort and Casino had already been one of the most successful establishments on the Las Vegas strip. Sid had seen to that through unrelenting ambition and nursing his plan, overcoming the harsh opposition and beating the impossible odds. At the age of thirty five, he sometimes looked back at his beginnings on the dirty streets of Las Vegas and ...but he rarely had time to look back. The future was much more interesting.

Sabrina Charmichael, the petite and vivacious woman with a figure that made him forget to think at times, had energized his staff behind her ideas and had created a buzz around the strip unlike anything Vegas had seen in a long time.

Sabrina Charmichael had been working for him for six months. The moment he'd interviewed her, he'd known that he was going to make her his wife. He took a deep breath and gazed through the one way mirrors that looked out onto the main casino floor. The lavish casino and resort was all his doing and he was proud. It was now time to make a queen to help him with his empire. And that queen was going to be none other than Sabrina.

He smiled as he saw her wave to someone in the lobby. His smile was almost harsh as he considered the battle ahead of him. She'd fight it. He knew that. She was afraid of him for some reason. But he also knew that she was attracted to him, just as much as he was to her. He was glad for that. He suspected that he and Sabrina would probably set fire to each other once she got over her initial inhibitions and he would be more than happy to teach her how to light that spark. He didn't want a cold wife to grace his table and raise his children. He wanted Sabrina with all of her energy and fire.

He pressed another button on his desk and his secretary immediately answered. "Yes, Mr. Matthews?" Liz Walters asked efficiently.

Sid's normal decisiveness came through in his voice. "Call Sabrina and ask her to meet me here in fifteen minutes," he said then released the button to disconnect the call. He hadn't waited for Liz to agree. Sid knew that all his requests were immediately taken care of with the maximum amount of professionalism. He'd expect nothing less from anyone on his staff.

He turned back to the security cameras and watched as Sabrina answered her cell phone. She listened intently and Sid imagined that she was listening to Liz convey his instructions. He saw Sabrina nod her head and hang up her phone. then waited another fraction of a second before he saw what he was waiting for. He wasn't disappointed; there was the sign, he chuckled. Sabrina hung up her phone and immediately ran a hand along her hair and smoothed her jacket. He'd seen it every time he'd had Liz call Sabrina to his office for various conferences. He suspected it was only when she was about to meet him that she primped slightly. He'd seen her answer her phone for others and rush off but she never cared about her appearance. In fact, once she entered the hotel each day, he never noticed her caring about her appearance in any way. Except when she was about to see him.

He liked that about her. He didn't like the fact that other men turned to stare at her lovely face or spectacular figure as she made her way through the casino toward the management offices. Sid sighed deeply. He supposed he would have to get used to that feeling. If he was going to marry someone as stunning as Sabrina, he would have to allow that others felt the same way he did each time she came into view.

As long as they didn't do anything about it, he could deal with it. But she was his, he thought to himself with deadly determination. And he protected what was his.

Moments later, Liz buzzed through to inform him that Sabrina was waiting for him. Sid pressed several buttons which turned off the monitors of the security cameras in his office. "Send her in," he said and turned to watch his future wife walk through the double doors.

Sid could feel his body harden in anticipation and he enjoyed the gentle sway of her slim hips. Would he ever get used to her bright, trusting smile and sexy, graceful walk? He hoped not.

"Good morning, Mr. Matthews. I was going to brief you about the details for the car show later today," she said and walked efficiently toward him.

"I thought I told you to call me Sid. Have a seat," Sid said and waited until she was seated in one of the chairs in front of his desk before he sat down. "Tell me what's going on," he said. He already knew everything he needed to know about the car show. He'd gone over everything with her on several occasions and knew that she was in control of the situation. The car show would showcase one hundred and fifty cars from different periods in history. The cars would be parked in various places within the resort or casino, encouraging people to wander through the numerous areas of the resort and see the cars. There would be car races and various competitions, and of course betting on the races. The show would start in two days, the day after Christmas and he had every confidence that it would be yet another huge success.

This was usually a slow week for bookings until New Year's Eve but because of her plan, they were completely booked and he expected guests from other hotels to flock to the car show as well.

Sabrina went through all the details of the show and rattled off the issues that might come up and how she was planning on taking care of each.

"It sounds great. I think you have everything under control," he said and was rewarded by her flush of pleasure and another shy yet bright smile.

"Thank you, Mr. Matthews. I think it will be well worth all the trouble we've been having with the car owners," she said.

"I think so as well," Sid nodded, then moved on to the next subject. "What are your plans for tomorrow?" he asked. Tomorrow was Christmas Day and he knew she'd moved out here from the East Coast in order to take this job so he wondered if she had family she was spending the day with. Personally, he considered it just another day but he suspected that Sabrina might have more sentimentality attached to the date.

He watched as her eyes took on a glow of excitement, his suspicions confirmed. "Oh, I love Christmas," Sabrina said enthusiastically. "My sister and I will spend the day together, opening presents and laughing about previous years. Then later, I'm having my neighbors over for dinner and it will be wonderful. Everyone brings something different, something to contribute so no one has the whole responsibility for the meal just to make it a little easier. My neighbors are a lot of fun, very silly and irreverent at times but good people. What about you?" she asked.

"I have some work to do," he said tersely, hiding his frustration. His plans to initiate their personal relationship would have to wait one more day, he thought with a flash of irritation.

A light in her eyes that had been sparkling a moment before dimmed slightly with his news. She nodded and stood up. Sabrina turned and started to walk uncertainly toward the door, but she stopped and turned back to him, facing him hesitatingly, as if she wanted to say something more but wasn't sure if she should. Her eyes darted to her file and then to his face, before settling on the file again.

Sabrina hated the idea of this incredibly handsome and fascinating man sitting in this sterile office on one of the happiest and holiest days of the year. No one should spend Christmas alone. It just wasn't right. Christmas was a joyful time of the year but how could one celebrate while doing work? And what work could he be doing on Christmas that couldn't wait one more day?

Should she invite him over? She felt silly just thinking about it. What if he was only being polite about his plans for tomorrow and he actually had something wonderful to go to and just didn't want to make her jealous? No, that wasn't his way. Sid was brilliant and creative and handsome and all those other extreme adjectives used to describe successful and gorgeous business men. But she knew she could also add in the term "harsh" to that list. He never beat around the bush so if he was doing something interesting, he would have made a vague reference to it and he certainly wouldn't care if she was jealous or not. The idea was almost laughable. Why would he care what she thought of him? She was just projecting her own sensibilities onto someone else.

Would he want to join her and her neighbors? Sabrina's heart raced at the idea and her skin tingled with excitement. Sid Matthews, in her house, sitting across the table from her where she could look at him until her heart's content. That would be the ultimate Christmas present, she thought.

The idea was ridiculous and she tossed it aside. He was probably spending the day with some glamorous, talented actress or model. Someone charming and intelligent who could make witty remarks about all the movers and shakers. Sid wasn't really the type to spend an evening with down to earth people with normal jobs who laughed about the difficulties of getting their children to eat broccoli or picking them up after school for soccer practice.

Dismissing the idea as silly and wishful thinking, she smiled and turned slightly back to the door to his office. "Well, if there isn't any other information you need, I'll get back to work," she said, again turning slowly and moving toward the door. She walked across the vast expanse of Sid's overwhelmingly masculine office, nervously aware of him watching her. Her hand was on the door knob when she stopped once again, tense and biting her lower lip in indecision.

But what if he wasn't with someone else? She turned and looked back at the forceful man sitting behind his large, polished desk. He looked so elegant and powerful. The man radiated sexuality in a way she'd only read about in books. He was the epitome of tall, dark and handsome but those words just seemed completely inadequate to describe Sid Matthews, owner of Solara. Incredibly tall at well over six feet, enigmatic, dizzyingly handsome, charming and extremely dangerous were all words she had applied to the man either in her descriptions to her sister or in her mind as she wondered what he was like personally.

Machine was another applicable word that would adequately describe the man so she didn't understand why she was about to act on the thought that popped into her head. She twisted the corner of the file folder, worried that what she was thinking would make her look silly or foolish. Should she? Could she? Sabrina looked into the man's eyes and saw the flash of something she didn't understand. With that one look, her heart melted as it always did whenever she was around him. She knew he would turn her down flat, but she wanted to offer the suggestion just in case.

Stilling her fidgeting hands, she squared her shoulders and faced him with the small amount of confidence she had built up inside her over the past six months. "Excuse me, Mr. Mathews, I know you're incredibly busy running the Solara but if you could spare a few hours and don't have anything better to do, why don't you stop by my house for dinner tomorrow night?" she suggested. "It will be simple, probably not anything you're used to," she said, shrugging her shoulders and almost brushing off the suggestion as soon as she uttered the invitation. She felt silly. He probably had some beautiful woman waiting in the wings ready to while the hours away in bed.

Sid watched her for a long moment, a feeling of deep satisfaction entering his body and mind. He liked the way she glanced up at him shyly, as if she were hoping for acceptance, but bracing herself for rejection. "What time?" he asked, leaning back in his big leather chair.

Sabrina's eyes widened in shock and pleasure. A bright smile spread across her face as she replied, "How about six o'clock? I know it isn't sophisticated to dine that early but most of my friends need to get up early for work the next day."

He nodded, tapping his pen against his chin as he considered her across the room. "I'll be there," he said.

Sabrina released the breath she hadn't known she'd been holding. "Wonderful," she said, excited but terribly nervous at the same time. She pulled the door open quickly, deciding a fast exit was better than falling on the floor in excitement over the prospect of spending time with this dynamic man. "I'll give directions to Liz," Sabrina said and smiled brightly again.

Sabrina let herself out and gave directions Sid's secretary, hoping the older woman didn't detect the butterflies whirling around inside her stomach. She left the executive area and walked slowly down the hallway towards the casino area, careful to hide her excitement. "Cool it, Sabrina," she warned herself as she walked sedately to her office. "He didn't have any other plans. It means nothing except that he's probably bored and wanted some company on Christmas."

Regardless, Sabrina left work early that day and rushed to the store to buy several bottles of wine. She had no idea what he might like and knew that he probably was used to wine that cost more than her weekly salary, but she got the best she could afford as well as some gourmet cheese and a few other items that were nicer than what she'd originally planned to serve.

She and her neighbors had agreed on a pot luck dinner and Sabrina had volunteered to make a salad and dessert as well as act as hostess for the event. She's said it would be simple, but there wasn't anything wrong with spicing things up a bit, was there?

Chapter 2

"Good morning, sunshine," Nina Matthews called out loudly, opening the door to Sabrina's small cottage home with her own key. The sisters had exchanged keys the moment they'd both settled into Las Vegas, far away from parents who lived on the East Coast. "Aren't you awake yet?" Sabrina's younger sister called up the stair case.

Sabrina groaned with the fatigue that kept her magnetized to the soft mattress. Opening one blurry eye wearily, she rolled over to look out her window. When she saw the glorious, bright sunshine, she grimaced. "No," she called back down and pulled the rose and chintz patterned comforter over her head. Sabrina had been up until two in the morning making a special dessert she'd remembered from her mother's Christmas dinners. She'd had to try it twice before it looked right. The first one she dumped into the trash since it looked, and tasted, awful. There was no way she'd bring out something like that when Sid Matthews arrived.

Nina laughed at the grumpy sounding voice but was unrelenting. "Wake up, sleepy head," she called back and walked farther into the foyer. "If you don't get down here, I'll come up and you know you won't like that," her younger sister called up over the banister.

Sabrina rolled over and peered out the window just to be sure her sleepy eyes hadn't deceived her. It was no use. Sunny again. She sighed and pushed the covers back. She knew she'd have to get out of bed. Staying under the covers while her sister was around was always a bad idea. Nina would be merciless, pulling off sheets and blankets, pillows and generally just being a nuisance until Sabrina got out of bed. Better to do it on her own, she knew from past experience.

Frowning at the window, she hurried as fast as her muddled mind would allow. "Doesn't it ever get cloudy here? I want snow, woman!" she said and padded down the stairs in her red Christmas socks and red sleep shirt with a reindeer on the front.

Sabrina enfolded her sister in her arms. "Merry Christmas," she said grumpily, still not recovered from her sleep, or more specifically, her lack of it.

Eyeing her sister's rumpled mass of bright red curls, she chuckled under her breath. "Uh oh. Did you miss your run this morning?" Nina said cheerfully and dropped her presents under Sabrina's tree then headed for the kitchen to start coffee.

Sabrina followed and sat down on one of the stools pulled up to the counter. She pushed her fiery red hair out of her face and propped her head onto her hands. "Yes," she sighed, grateful to her sister for initiating the caffeine jump start since she'd slept through her physical one.

Nina stopped dumping coffee grounds into the coffee maker, her face showing her astonishment over Sabrina's announcement. "Wow! This is a first. You never miss your morning run. What's your jogging group going to say?" she joked and dumped an extra scoop of coffee into the machine for good measure.

Sabrina's eyes were already closing and she ignored her sister's cheerfulness. "Who cares, just speed up the process," Sabrina yawned. "And could you shave some ice and sprinkle it around outside please? I don't understand why you like this area so much. There's no snow. There's no change in the weather. It is sunny every day!" she said, her tone expressing her frustration.

Nina laughed and poured the water into the coffee machine. "Sabrina, it's the desert. You're not living on the east coast anymore. You're living in the world's largest adult playground. The weather is beautiful. Get used to it."

"Hmmph," was Sabrina's only muffled response as she laid her head in her arms on top of the kitchen counter.

Nina drove home her point with more statistics, not giving Sabrina a chance to fall back to sleep while the coffee brewed. "The average monthly rainfall here is less than a quarter of an inch. You're not going to get a whole lot of snow," Nina went on. She laughed at her sister's shudder at that tid bit of information. "Sorry, most people learn to like it. Eventually."

Her sister didn't sound very sorry, Sabrina thought as her eyes faded a little more. "Why are you so cheerful?" she groused.

Nina smiled as she leaned against the sink, watching her older sister fall back to sleep on the counter. "Perhaps because it's a wonderful day and I get to spend some time with you?" she suggested.

That opened Sabrina's eyes wide. "Oh," she started to say, instantly feeling guilty for being so grumpy when her sister had only sweet things to say about their planned day together. "I'm sor..." she began, but then stopped when she saw her sister's teasing look. "You're evil, Nina," she grumped, her chin falling back onto her palm, not having the energy to hold it up on her own. "What's going on?" she demanded.

Nina laughed delightedly. "I just got a good grade on an exam. Sorry for being in such a good mood, but you're the perfect target right now. Defenseless."

Sabrina ignored that and changed the subject, lifting her head up to look across the tiny kitchen at her sister. She suddenly remembered why she was so tired and her nervousness instantly reappeared. "Are you sure you can't come to dinner tonight?" Sabrina asked, the butterflies immediately starting up in her stomach again in anticipation of seeing Sid later in the day.

Nina shook her head and took the stool next to her sister. "Sorry. I have to study this afternoon and I have a show tonight."

Sabrina sighed and propped her head onto her hands, elbows resting on the counter as she pushed her disappointment aside. "I know. How's that going?" Sabrina asked.

Nina grimaced, imitating her sister's propped up chin. "Rough. But that's okay. I'll get through it."

Nina had moved to Las Vegas three years ago, right after graduating from Georgetown University with an undergraduate degree in history. Nina had gone off to Las Vegas, determined to be a glamorous show girl. After only a few months, she'd known that it wasn't her dream job. The hours were long and hard and the pay was only decent at best. She liked dancing and loved the people she worked with, but was now determined to get a degree in law and was pursuing that with hard driving determination through the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in every spare minute. Her hard work was paying off as she was about to graduate with honors this coming summer.

Sabrina nodded, accepting her sister's schedule. "That's too bad," she said. Sabrina looked down at her hands, becoming overly concerned with her perfectly manicured nails.

Nina looked at her older sister and knew that something had happened. "Okay, spill it," she said, leaning over the counter to look into her sister's eyes. "What's going on?"

"Nothing," Sabrina replied quickly, avoiding her sister's too-knowing eyes. "How's that coffee coming?" she asked and jumped from her stool to pull down the coffee cups.

Nina wasn't fooled. "Sabrina, I know that look and it's telling me that you're trying to hide something from me. You might as well tell me before I have to drag it out of you. What is it?" she demanded, hands on her hips as she looked intently at her sister.

Sabrina grimaced but her back was to her sister so it went unnoticed. "You're imagining things. Don't worry, everything is just hunky dorey," she countered. She pretended to search for cream while she prayed the blush in her cheeks would fade before she had to turn around and face her sister.

Nina's silence made Sabrina turn around more quickly than she'd wanted. Her younger sister was having none of it and her disbelieving expression showed that. "The last time you used the term 'hunky dorey' Lucy Munroe had just glued the ends of your braids together and you were pretending that nothing was wrong as you battled tears of anger, humiliation and frustration. I remember having to go to Lucy's house and beat her up for being so mean. So something is definitely wrong and you're not going to get out of telling me. I'll just find out later and who knows what I'll run into. Lucy was easy to defeat. I'm guessing by the look on your face that this enemy isn't as short."

Sabrina hesitated for only a moment. She knew her sister wouldn't be happy about her announcement but she also knew that Nina wouldn't give up her nagging until she had the full reason for Sabrina's nervousness. "I invited Sid Matthews to dinner tonight," saying the words quickly, both to get the telling over with and in the vain hope that her sister might misunderstand her announcement and move on to another subject.

Nina stared at Sabrina for a full minute while her words sunk in. The speed of delivery didn't obfuscate the message. Her sister understood every word. Immediately, Sabrina could tell that her sister wasn't happy about the idea by the gathering storm in the younger woman's expression. "He said, no, right?" she said, and it was more of a statement than a question.

Sabrina shook her head, her eyes lighting up with her excitement. "Actually, he's coming." Sabrina was so excited, she was almost dancing in reaction. It was too good to be true and despite her fear that she was making a fool of herself, there was also the amazing anticipation that was chasing away all her drowsiness and bad mood over the weather.

Nina's palm struck her forehead with a resounding slap. She then stood up and paced around the room, shaking her head as she considered her sister's words. "Sabrina, what were you thinking?" she demanded. "Haven't you heard the rumors about him? And they are all true," she said. "I know some of the women he's dated in the past and they all say the same thing! He is the ultimate womanizer, bar none." Her hands sliced through the air and her eyes bored into Sabrina's in an attempt to convey the seriousness of the issue. "Inviting Sid Matthews into your home is like inviting a hungry lion to sleep in the pasture of lambs. Its just plain dangerous!"

Sabrina's shoulders sagged since she'd heard the rumors as well. Sid was never without a beautiful woman on his arm although it was never with any of his employees within the resort or casino. She pushed that painful reality aside, wishing it wasn't true but also knowing that she could never compare to the other women. Sid Matthews would never be interested in her as a woman, merely as an employee who had invited him to a casual dinner. "That's just rumors and probably jealousy or something," Sabrina said, taking down the coffee cups from the upper shelf. "I thought you said he never dated any of the women in the show." She couldn't look her younger sister in the eye.

Nina knew about Sabrina's fascination with their handsome employer and didn't like it one little bit. She could understand it a little. The man was absolutely gorgeous and tall and sinfully wealthy. But he was also completely out of her league and Sabrina was going to get hurt if she allowed Sid to see her interest in him.

Nina shook her head, admitting her sister's point. "He doesn't. But he dates the show girls from the other hotels. And just last week, he escorted Belinda Michaels through the hotel," Nina said, referring to the Hollywood actress who flew out to Las Vegas on a regular basis to gamble. "And if you think they disappeared to a private casino, think again, Sabrina."

Sabrina turned her back and tried to hide her fascination with the man from Nina. "I know. I didn't invite him to my bed. Just to dinner," she said defensively.

Nina just snorted her disbelief. "I don't think the man differentiates," she said. "You're incredibly beautiful. Don't fall for him," Nina replied earnestly. "And don't let him hurt you."

Sabrina laughed nervously and pulled out the egg casserole from the refrigerator she'd made the previous night for breakfast. "Oh, Nina, you're just being silly. He's not interested in me in any way. If he won't date any of his show girls, why would he date someone like me?"

Nina looked at her older sister for a long moment. Sabrina was shorter than Nina by a couple of inches, but Sabrina was stunningly gorgeous. The two were exact opposites and Sabrina took after their mother's looks with her fiery red hair, sparkling green eyes and voluptuous figure in a petite frame. Nina was taller, almost five feet, eight inches tall, a requirement for dancing in one of the Las Vegas shows. But Nina had jet black hair and crystal blue eyes that were staring at her sister with concern. How could Sabrina not know how beautiful she was? Her sister was ripe for someone like Sid Matthews to hurt her. Sabrina was too beautiful and definitely too sweet and gullible.

Seeing the excitement in her sister's eyes, Nina knew there wasn't anything she could say to talk her sister out of the dinner tonight. "He doesn't play by the same rules we do, Sabrina," she said softly. "Watch yourself."

"I know," and Sabrina took a long sip of the coffee. She turned pleading eyes towards Nina as she explained, "He didn't have anything to do today and its Christmas. No one should be alone on Christmas, Nina."

Nina sighed and shook her head. "You're too soft, Sabrina. Watch yourself around him."

"I will," she promised. "No falling in love with Sid Matthews!" she said, crossing her fingers over her chest and raising three fingers in the air like a girl scout oath. "But right now, I want to know what is in those boxes," she said, referring to the presents that were now sitting underneath the tree in her family room. "You know how I can't stand secrets," she said.

Nina laughed as she followed Sabrina into the family room and the two of them sat down and opened presents with their coffee in hand. There were several for each of them since their parents had shipped out a large box filled with wrapped presents earlier in the week, plus the ones each of the two sisters gave to each other.

Once the presents were opened, the two of them heated up the egg casserole and split it between the two of them, reminiscing over previous Christmas mornings, laughing about their childhood foibles and teenager whims.

All too soon, Nina took off to get ready for the evening's shows at Solara and Sabrina was left to her thoughts and anxiety over Sid Matthews coming to her house for dinner. Nervously, she raced through her small house, cleaning everything from top to bottom, trying to see how things might look from his point of view. Was it frumpy? Or maybe too cottage-like? She knew Sid was more sophisticated so would her comfortable, overstuffed furniture covered in flowery fabric and pretty plaids or stripes make him feel uncomfortable? Should she hide some of the cut flowers?

Shaking her head, she realized she was a nervous wreck and it would only get worse if she didn't stop second guessing herself. It was ridiculous to try and figure out what Sid Matthews liked or disliked. If he was uncomfortable, then he could just deal with it, she thought with a firm nod of her head.

Close to the time everyone was scheduled to arrive, Sabrina was chopping onions and other vegetables, her mind going through all the reasons she should call Sid and tell him that the dinner was canceled. Her sister was right. Sid played by different rules. Rules she couldn't even fathom. Inviting a man like Sid Matthews to dinner asking for punishment in one way or another. She would have to be careful and make sure she protected herself.

A knock sounded on her door and she called out to enter, assuming it was one of her neighbors who was arriving early. "Come on in," she called out, still dancing to the Christmas music playing on the stereo.

Sid walked into the cottage style house and followed the music to the back where the delicious smells of cooking were emanating from. Once he reached the doorway to the kitchen, he stood still, admiring the view of Sabrina dancing in her small kitchen. Gone were the business suits that covered her from her neck to her ankles and the hair that was neatly pinned to the nape of her neck. Sabrina was dressed only in leggings and a tight tee-shirt that perfectly revealed her slim figure and luscious breasts to his hungry view as well as her fire red hair flowing in waves down to the middle of her back. Her cute derriere wriggled to the beat of the music and he had a small glimpse of voluptuous breasts as she turned slightly to toss something into a large, wooden bowl beside her.

He leaned against the door jamb and enjoyed the sight. Sid remembered interviewing Sabrina. He'd known that she'd have an incredible figure underneath those stern suits but he'd never imagined that she would be so enticing. He wanted to walk over to her and place his hands on her hips, pull them into his and dance with her, feel the beat of the music and her svelte body against his.

"Oh!" she gasped, turning to say something. "I thought you were my neighbor. I'm sorry, Mr. Matthews," she said and grabbed her sweatshirt that had been draped over a kitchen chair. She quickly pulled it over her head and crossed her arms over her chest.

"Am I early?" he asked, knowing that he was exactly on time. He set a bottle of wine and a bouquet of flowers on the counter, raising his eyes in inquiry as he watched the emotions flit across her face. Sid like that he could see so much of what she was thinking just by looking into her eyes. Eyes that were incredibly lovely, he thought.

Sabrina looked at the clock and gasped. "Oh no! You're not early, I'm late."

The clock obviously energized her into action. "Can you open the bottle of wine over there on the counter?" she asked and disappeared into what he could only guess was a storage room.

Sid took the cork screw and quickly opened the bottle of wine, setting it down onto the counter to breathe for a few moments.

Sabrina reappeared with a large, folding table in her arms, struggling to carry it through her tiny kitchen.

"Let me get that for you," he said.

"No, that's okay. I've got it," she said and kept moving, knowing that if she stopped, she'd drop the wooden table on her toes. Experience had taught her well.

Sid ignored her and easily took the heavy table out of her hands. "Where do you want this to go?" he asked.

"Into the living room," she said, impressed with the ease with which he lifted it through the kitchen. He didn't look like he was lifting a dead weight. It appeared as if he were carrying a bunch of feathers, he carried the table so effortlessly.

Sid carried it easily into the room and set it up for her. "What are you going to do with it?"

"That's the dinner table," she smiled cheerily.

Sid raised that one eyebrow again at the idea of serving Christmas dinner off of a folding table. "Really?" he asked skeptically.

She noticed his wary expression and laughed softly. "Don't worry. I promise it will be nice. Can you go pick out some music?" she asked. "The last song on the Christmas album just finished so we need more Christmas cheer," she explained, pointing to the stereo system that was on a shelf in the corner of the room. There were several CDs stacked up beside the stereo and he sifted through the selection, watching Sabrina the whole time.

Sabrina picked up a piece of red fabric and spread it out over the table. Then she added white plates rimmed with a tiny line of silver. Green napkins, silverware and tiny candles lining the center were next. Sid watched in amazement as the beaten up old folding table was transformed into a Curier and Ives Christmas scene. There were small vases holding one perfect rose and a few green leaves at the top of each plate with individual salt and pepper shakers.

"Does it need anything else?" she asked, staring at the place settings. When he didn't say anything, she glanced over at him hopefully.

"Food?" Sid said, trying to find his voice. He was a man used to linen table cloths and food prepared by the finest French chefs, wines that were imported and chosen especially for each course. But the scene in front of him was so much more appetizing and inviting. Her creativity increased tenfold in his mind and only reaffirmed his desire to make her his wife.

Sabrina laughed and the sound filled him with warmth as well although he didn't even smile. "I'm in charge of only a few things," she explained. "Everyone else is bringing the rest of the meal."

"I brought a bottle of wine but I'm not sure if it will go with whatever is for the main course," he said, leaning one arm against the wall as he continued to watch her, curious as to what she would bring out next.

"Great!" she exclaimed. "I also brought some wine but you're right, I don't know what the others are bringing so it could be completely wrong. In the past, we've lucked out though so just cross your fingers and we'll all hope for the best. Okay?" Her eyes dimmed slightly. "There's just one thing," she continued before hesitating uncertainly.

"What's that?" he asked in what he hoped was an encouraging tone.

"Well," she started, eyeing his expensively tailored suit and crisp, white shirt with an obviously costly silk tie and imported Italian loafers, "if you want to fit in with the rest of the crowd about to show up, you'll have to relax slightly," she said.

Sid followed her eyes and looked down at his suit. "I am relaxed."

Sabrina smiled tentatively at his stern expression. "I'm sure you are," she said quickly, hoping he wouldn't take offense, "but you look like you're about to head into a board meeting instead of sitting down with friends for a relaxed Christmas dinner," she said.

He didn't answer but looked down at his suit again. "What's wrong with my suit?"

"Nothing!" she said quickly, grateful he didn't sound angry. "But it's just that....well, perhaps if you took off your jacket and tie, that might be a little less..." she stopped, looking for the right word, "intimidating," she finished finally.

Sabrina was relieved by the sudden laughter lighting his eyes although no other facial feature moved. She was extremely aware that she'd never been this close to him before so she'd never had an opportunity to watch his eyes so much. They were a fascinating dark blue but she'd always been too nervous around him to get this close, needing furniture or several feet of space between them during working hours.

Without another word, Sid reached up and pulled his tie off, then swung his jacket over his arm. "Is this better?" he said, unbuttoning the top button of his collar.

"Much," she said, letting her breath go out of her body in a whoosh, not realizing that she'd been holding her breath in anticipation of his reaction. "I'll put these upstairs so they don't get ruined."

He stopped her with a gentle hand on her arm. "Do I intimidate you?" he asked as she reached out to take his jacket and tie.

Although his touch was gentle, she could feel the fire ripping along her sensitive skin. She smiled tentatively, worried that he might be able to see what effect his simple touch had on her equilibrium. "Absolutely," she finally said, belatedly remembering that he'd asked a question. She added a smile to ease the effect of her words, hoping he might think she was just teasing him.

"How?"

Obviously he was too perceptive to fool so she turned slightly away, shielding her eyes from his gaze. She was just about to take his jacket and tie so she was too close to answer him. She looked up at his square, smoothly shaven jaw and firm lips and shook her head, "I...I guess it's just the way you...." She stopped, flustered by his nearness. "I don't know," she finally said lamely.

Sid let her take his jacket and tie, watching her expressions as she backed up from him, quickly putting several feet of space between them. He didn't take his eyes off her, liking the way her eyes revealed her desire for him. He hadn't missed the increased heart beat in her soft, sexy neck when he'd touched her either.

He could tell that she was nervous but trying to hide it. He tried to think of some way to ease her fears of him, but nothing came to mind. Because in reality, she should be scared. The things he wanted to do to her, with her, would probably make her run screaming from her own house.

While she was upstairs, the doorbell rang. "Can you get that?" she called down the stairs? "It is probably my neighbors."

Sid walked over to the door with the silent grace of a cat. He glanced up the stairway, hoping to get a glimpse of whatever she was doing but the only door was closed. He opened the front door on the second ring and within moments the house was immediately inundated with people smiling and shaking his hand, introducing themselves to him as if he were their next best friend.

It was not an experience Sid had ever been through before. People in his circles didn't immediately offer their friendship. In his world, his only friend was his brother. Everyone else was kept at a distance where acquaintances were permitted but never reached more than mild friendship and never instantaneous trust such as these people seemed to be offering without question or hesitation.

Sid hid his surprise but he stepped back from the group that was forming around him in the tiny house.

"Hello! Aren't you the most handsome man I've ever seen in my entire life!" an attractive woman with loads of makeup, probably about forty years old said as she took a step closer, instantly eliminating the space Sid had just put between himself and the group of strangers. Her thick, Texas drawl and her died blond hair were out of an old fifties movie. "I don't think we've met. I'm Janice and this is my husband," she said turning to the man behind her, "William."

"I'm Sid," was all he said, shaking the woman's hand, and then her husband's.

Janice smiled up at him, patting him on the back and handing him a plate of something covered and mildly warm to his hands. "Glad you're here Sid. I'm thrilled that Sabrina is finally breaking out of her shell and dating. You can't do better than Sabrina," Janice finished then moved on to the kitchen.

A lady with brown hair and friendly, soft blue eyes followed behind Janice, instantly taking his spare hand and shaking it warmly. "I'll second that. We've been trying to set Sabrina up on blind dates since she arrived in Vegas," the brown haired woman said, her eyes twinkling with mischief. "But now I understand why she's turned us all down. I'm Sarah. This is Jim, my husband and my son Jacob," she said and reached up to hug Sid. "You're worth the wait!"

The three of them moved off to the living room and the next set came in and immediately took him into his arms as well. "Oh, aren't you a hunk!" a woman with shocking red hair said, pressing her hands against his muscular biceps admiringly. "I'm Dorris. I live right next door. If Sabrina gives you any trouble, you just let me know and I'll knock some sense into her," Dorris said. "And if you're in the mood for someone older and wiser, I'll dump this lug for you!"

The "lug" simply smacked her bottom which created a squeak and a wink at Sid. "I'm Bob," the man said and took Sid's hand in his, shaking it energetically. "Sid, glad to have you here. And ignore Dorris," he said, waving his hand in the direction of the woman walking into the kitchen. "She's just mad at me for telling her the potatoes were burning," he said nodded meaningfully. "Can't trust her to keep her eyes on the cooking where a woman should be," he said, raising his voice at the last to make sure his wife and all the other women heard him.

Immediately, two napkins pelted Bob in the face and he chuckled along with everyone else's laughter.

A moment later, Dorris came back out and handed him a piece of a green twig. "Here Sid. You're the tallest by far. Be a dear and hang this up somewhere," she said.

Sid looked down at the greenery and was mystified. There was a thumbtack stuck in the small branch and he raised it up to examine it, wondering why anyone would put this in their house.

"Thank you!" Bob said, immediately pouncing on his wife and giving her a big smooch.

"Well!" a thoroughly kissed Dorris exclaimed, laughing as her husband walked away and Janice handed him a glass of wine. "I can tell this party is going to be interesting," she laughed.

Sid finally understood the greed twig. "Mistletoe?" he inquired.

Dorris poked her head back through the kitchen doorway, nodding emphatically and answering ten different questions at the same time. Sid shrugged his shoulders and reached up over the arch going from the foyer to the living room.

As soon as he followed the crowd already in the kitchen, the smell of delicious food hit him full force as everyone pulled casseroles, salads and a roasted ham out of paper bags or newspapers that had been used to keep the dish insulated and warm. Wine was poured and appetizers laid out. No one seemed to blink an eye at Sid. They simply handed him a glass of the wine he'd just recently saved from corked hell and started joking with him.

Sid noted the wine stock of only three bottles and quietly stepped out of the room to call his beverage manager on his cell phone. Once the arrangements were made, he went back into the warmth of the small kitchen to continue waiting for his missing soonto-be-fiancee to appear.

Sid was leaning against the counter sipping the crisp white wine Sabrina had bought and enjoying the camaraderie of the others' conversation if not participating in it. He thought he had been stunned when he saw Sabrina earlier in a tight tee-shirt and leggings but the wine glass froze midway to his mouth as he watched Sabrina descend the staircase in a flowing red dress that hugged her figure, showing it off to perfection. Her waist was tiny and her hips swayed as she walked into the kitchen to join the others. He also loved the way the wrapped bodice enhanced her voluptuous breasts, noting the interesting V where the dress dipped low, revealing only a slight curve of cleavage.

To a man used to seeing women in all states of undress both professionally in the dancers he employed and personally with the women he casually dated, this subtle, sexy dress was one of the most provocative he'd ever seen. Sid also saw the surreptitious glance she gave him and the slight blush that moved across her lovely cheeks when she realized that he was watching her. He had to control the impulse to order everyone out of Sabrina's house so he could pull her down onto the sofa and explore her sensuous mouth and run his hands over her curvaceous figure.

The evening was starting out to be more wonderful than Sabrina could have imagined. While the last of the food preparations were being made, everyone joked about the silliest Christmas presents they'd received that year and also the most special.

Sabrina noticed that Sid smiled throughout the discussion about presents, but he didn't add anything to the conversation. He looked so alone sometimes. She wondered if he'd received any presents this year. From the way he hadn't even acknowledged that it was Christmas earlier, she suspected that he hadn't received anything from anyone. That thought made her extremely sad but she kept that feeling from her face, she hoped.

When the doorbell rang fifteen minutes later, Sabrina looked around oddly. Everyone was already here, so who on earth could be at the door? She walked over to the front door and peered out the security hole. There was a man standing on her front stoop with a Solara uniform on and several boxes piled on a dolly.

"What's this about?" she muttered, opening the door.

"Ms. Charmichael?" the man asked, taking off his hat graciously.

"Yes," she answered, still not sure what he was doing here. She desperately hoped it wasn't to call Sid back to the hotel. Surely they could do without him for one night, couldn't they?

The man smiled and waved his hand at the boxes. "These are for you, compliments of Mr. Matthews, ma'am. If you'll move to the right, I'll bring them inside for you."

Sabrina had no idea what was going on, but since they were from Sid, she moved to the right and allowed the man to walk into the house. He deposited three boxes, then doffed his hat again and walked away.

Sabrina opened the top box and gasped. The boxes were filled with wine. Very expensive wine, she thought as she glanced at the labels. Different types of whites and reds. Something for every occasion, she thought with a smile. Turning toward the kitchen, she saw him leaning against the counter watching her while the others chatted away, oblivious to what was happening in the foyer. Sabrina smiled her thanks, hoping her face wasn't too red as she slipped two bottles of white wine out of the boxes to put into the refrigerator.

She walked up to him and smiled, forcing her eyes to meet his as she said, "Thank you for the wine. It was very generous of you." She cleared her throat and went on, "I'll bring back whatever we don't use."

"Nonsense. Enjoy it," he replied, his deep voice melting over Sabrina like a warm blanket.

Finally, all the food was ready and the crowd moved into the living room where the table was set up. They sat down and it was chaos for a long time while everyone dug into the delicious food, piling their plates high with creamy potatoes, ham, asparagus with a tangy lemon sauce, crisp green beans, salad, biscuits and a rice dish loaded with cheese, sesame seeds and raisins. The laughter was flowing as well as the wine and Sabrina smiled contentedly as everyone enjoyed the food and the conversation.

And if she glanced at Sid too often to make sure he was okay, well, that was to be expected, she told herself. She was the hostess and it was her job to make sure everyone was comfortable and enjoying themselves. Bob and Jim were in a heated discussion over the best way to put up crown molding when Bob turned to Sid and asked him what his opinion was. Sid, very diplomatically, turned to Janice and asked her what she thought. The very idea had the women laughing and clapping at the same time. Bob and Jim even chuckled, knowing that he'd scored several points.

Sabrina was thrilled that he felt comfortable enough to join into the teasing and smiled her pleasure across the table at him.

"Ho! Hold up everyone!" William said a few minutes later and everyone froze in their tracks. Sabrina stopped in the process of bringing two new bottles of wine in from the kitchen and waited, wondering what William was going to say.

"Sid, I think you need to do something about the fact that Sabrina is standing under the mistletoe."

Everyone clapped and Sabrina's face turned red. She immediately tried to step out from the branch but no one was having any of that. "If you don't do it, I will," Bob said and started to get up. But since Sid was sitting right in front of Sabrina's current position, it was easy for him to stand up in front of Sabrina, trapping in her under the mystical plant.

"I'm sorry," Sabrina whispered as soon as Sid stood in front of her. "You can just ignore them," she said and tried to walk around his large frame. She had intended to laugh off the mistletoe but Sid stopped her by putting his hands on her waist.

"Why are you apologizing?" he said for her ears only. "I've been wanting to do this all evening," he said and his head dipped quickly as he gently took her lips with his. The kiss was supposed to be just a small kiss, but for Sabrina, the sensuality of his firm lips gently caressing hers made her mind swim. It was only a brief kiss, over before she had time to realize what he was going to do. But the electric charge that sparked when his lips touched hers, lingered slightly and moved softly against her willing lips, made her mind spin. She almost dropped the bottle of wine she was holding with her right hand.

The kiss only lasted a moment, but when it ended she wasn't sure if she was standing, sitting or floating on a cloud. When he lifted his mouth from hers and stepped back to the table, Sabrina looked around at the expectant faces of her neighbors. Forcing a smile on her face, she glanced around. "Who needs another glass of wine?" she asked, breaking the silence. Instant laughter and applause followed that comment but then everyone moved on to a new subject, some lifting their glasses for more wine, others demanding one dish or another, all with great cheer and warmth.

"Come on over here, darlin'" Janice called, waiving her empty wine glass in the air. "Personally, after that kiss, I think I'm going to need something to cool down," she chuckled.

Everyone laughed and Sabrina sank gratefully into her seat while the wine was passed down the table. She was thankful for the support of the chair since she wasn't sure her legs would hold her any longer. She could wholeheartedly agree with Janice's comment. Sabrina could definitely use a cold shower right now. That kiss had left her heated and bothered, desperate to feel more and knowing that she never would.

Although the conversation continued, Sabrina didn't hear any of it. She glanced down the table at Sid and her heart skipped a beat when she realized he was looking right back at her. He caught her glance and winked, raising his glass slightly in a salute. She quickly looked away, feeling like a high school girl after her first kiss. Well, who wouldn't? she chided herself.

A half hour later, Sid stood up. "I'm sorry to leave, but I need to get back to work." He looked down the table at Sabrina. "Could I speak to you for a moment?" he asked formally.

Sabrina stood up on shaking legs. "Of course," she said professionally and followed him out the door.

The night was dark so she was able to hide her shaking hands behind her back as she followed him out the door. The rest of the guests laughed at a joke Bill was telling and she was glad no one was paying them a great deal of attention.

It was quiet and cool outside, the temperature only about fifty degrees at this time of the year. She walked beside him to his car, a magnificent dark green Maserati Spyder with camel interior. Sabrina loved cars. She'd found an old 1965 red mustang in a dump, with no engine and most of the parts missing. She'd had it towed to her house and had completely revamped the engine and interior. It now purred like a kitten but it was nothing compared to how lovely his Maserati probably drove.

"Nice car," she said in the tense silence as he looked down at her.

"Thanks," he replied and leaned against it, crossing his arms over his chest. He watched her for a long moment, trying to decide what would be the best way to proceed. He could tell she was nervous and he didn't know how to help her get over her nervousness around him.

To fill the continuing silence, she gathered up her nerve and smiled up at him. "Thank you for coming by. I think my friends really liked you."

He smiled slightly, noting the way she could only look at his chin or hold his eyes for a few moments at a time. "Thanks for inviting me. Your friends are nice," he said.

"Yes, a little nosy," she laughed, wondering if any of them were peeking through the window.

Sid nodded, reading her mind. "Janice just moved away from the window," he said, confirming her suspicions. "I think she wants me to kiss you again."

Sabrina chuckled nervously, hoping the darkness hid her red cheeks as well as her shaking hands. She desperately wished she could be smooth and sophisticated around this man but it just wasn't possible. He was just too...everything. "Well, she'll just have to be disappointed. There's no mistletoe out here," she said.

"I don't need mistletoe," he countered taking her hands in his as he pulled her forward between his legs and into his arms.

"You don't have to do this," she said, trying to pull out of his arms. But his hands held her gently, firmly, slowly pulling her between his legs and closer to his muscular body.

"I want to," he said softly. "I definitely want to." A moment later, his firm lips touched hers gently, slowly coaxing her softer, trembling lips to participate. Sabrina instantly melted under his tender ministrations and succumbed to the pleasure of being kissed by a master. He nibbled her lower lip and Sabrina opened her mouth to say something, or pull back, she wasn't sure which. But the moment she opened her mouth, the kiss intensified and his own mouth closed over hers, his tongue invading and exploring.

Sabrina moaned and felt her insides turn to jelly. She lifted her hands to hold onto his shoulders and moved closer to his warmth. No man had ever kissed her like this, the heat pulsing through her body almost made her knees give out. She gripped his shoulders tightly, stunned by the instantaneous desire that flared along her nerve endings.

He ended the kiss a few moments later. It took her several seconds before she realized that the kiss was over. Her eyes popped open and she looked up into his dark as sin eyes. Gasping, she released his shoulders and stepped back, wishing she hadn't stumbled on the curb directly behind her. Grabbing the top of the mailbox, she quickly found her balance, and pasted a smile on her face. Oh, to be sophisticated and clever at moments like these, she thought to herself. She wasn't sure why he kissed her but knew that he was very good at it. Lots of practice, she was sure.

"Have dinner with me tomorrow night," he said as he stood up, taking the keys out of his pocket.

Sabrina took a deep breath and shook her head. She smiled to take the edge off her rejection when she said, "I don't think that would be a very good idea," she said. This man employed gorgeous women wearing barely nothing all day long. During the evenings, he escorted stunning women who flew in from all over the world just to be with him. How in the world could she compete with them? She must be a novelty for him. Perhaps a shy woman was more of a challenge? Women throwing themselves at him must be tedious.

He gently touched her cheek, his calloused finger causing a flame of heat to tingle down her skin where he touched. "I think it would be a very good idea," he countered. "How about seven o'clock?"

"No, really," she ran a hand through her hair, trying to think but her mind wouldn't work well after his caress. "I can't do that," she said.

"Why not?" he asked.

Taking a deep breath, she considered all the reasons she could give as to why she shouldn't, couldn't, go out to dinner with him. She could lie and tell him she already had plans, or that she was going out of town. Maybe she should just shrug and tell him it was not her policy to date bosses. All of those reasons were good ones except for the fact that she couldn't lie. She'd never been a very good liar but with him, it would be impossible.

In the end, she told him one of the most basic truths. "I'm not in your league," she said and looked down at the ground, wishing her statement weren't accurate but she had a mirror and she knew that she wasn't one of the stunning beauties he usually traveled with. Nor was she sophisticated enough to deal with his kind of relationship. She was a forever kind of woman and he obviously preferred those who wanted just a few nights of his time.

"Why don't we talk about it tomorrow over dinner?" he said and got into his car. "Seven o'clock. Meet me in my office and we'll go from there," he said and pulled his car door shut before she could deny him again. Within moments, he drove off down the road.

Sabrina stared at the car, loving the way it purred softly, just the way she felt like doing after his kiss.

After several minutes of staring at his tail lights fading into the night, she realized how silly she must look. Turning back to her house, she walked back in to hear the laughter of her other guests. Her feet felt as if they were walking on a cloud and she was floating above everyone else. Sid had always made her feel that way and she'd have to be careful not to get in too deep. Sid liked women and had more charm than any one man had a right to own. The danger surrounding him was also a powerful aphrodisiac. The two combined made women flock to him like moths. She would have to be careful she wasn't the moth that got zapped by the blue light.

The evening soon died down and Sabrina cleaned up the remains of the party, but her mind never really left the way Sid made her feel when he was kissing her. It had been a long time since she'd kissed anyone. Seven months, to be exact. Sabrina had moved out to Las Vegas after breaking up with her last boyfriend in Virginia. She'd been visiting her sister and had interviewed with Solara on a bet with Nina. Sabrina wasn't the type who normally took a dare. She was very conservative usually, not dating any man until she knew him and even then, she'd never taken that last step toward intimacy, not finding anyone that made her feel like it would be worthwhile.

After the interview, none of the other men she had been seeing could hold a candle to Sid. She lost interest in anyone that wasn't as dynamic and attractive as her boss.

Now, touching her mouth with her fingertips, she also added risky to that list. Sabrina hadn't dated anyone since meeting Sid. She just wasn't interested. But now, after having experienced his kisses, she knew that it would be a long, long time before any other man interested her.

Unfortunately, there was no way she was going to meet him for dinner tomorrow night. He already created too much havoc in her life. Getting to know the man would just be detrimental to any possible love life in the future.

Sabrina crawled into bed that night and, although her mind told her to stop thinking about him, her body wouldn't agree. She dreamed about making love with him, feeling his hands touching her body in a way that no other man had ever done before. Chapter 3

It was six forty five the following evening and Sabrina was trapped. She had tried calling Sid several times today to tell him she couldn't meet him for dinner but each time she'd dialed his number, he had been out. Not wanting to leave a message with his secretary, she was left with searching for him in the casino or in the resort somewhere. It didn't help that a series of crises conspired against her to keep her from finding him in time.

Her phone rang at seven o'clock, just as she was about to pick up her purse and leave the building. She'd intended calling him from the road to tell him that she couldn't make it. She pressed the button to take the call, sighing in frustration.

"Sabrina Charmichael," she said.

"You're late," Sid's deep, smooth voice said through the phone.

Sabrina almost dropped the phone. Sid had never called her personally. His secretary had always initiated every communication between herself and Sid. Hearing his voice startled her and sent her heart into overdrive.

Other than her heart beat which was racing, her whole body froze in both fear and excitement, her whole body freezing as she heard his deep, sexy voice vibrating across the air waves. "I know," she whispered breathlessly.

"Are you on your way?"

There was a long pause before she replied. She had to look up at the ceiling, gathering strength to not give in to the temptation to see him again. "No, I really don't think that would be a good idea."

She could hear the smile in his voice as he replied, "Why don't you come up to my office and tell me about it?" he said, his voice velvety smooth and reassuring.

Sabrina knew that meeting him would only weaken her determination to stay away from him. Her fascination with the man was becoming almost unbearable and any additional contact, besides professional, would only increase the feelings. "Because..." she couldn't tell him that every time she was around him, she would be thinking of him kissing her. Before last night, she'd been able to maintain a facade of professionalism. Now, she didn't think she was capable of even that, knowing what his lips felt like, what he tasted like, and the rock hard feel of his muscles along his tall length. again, just thinking about how wonderful that one kiss had been.

Sid's voice was reassuring when he coaxed, "Just come up and talk. She shivered

We'll have dinner, you'll tell me about your concerns with that and we'll eat. I've had the head chef prepare a meal that I think you'll enjoy."

She could feel herself wavering but tried to be strong. The problem was, she really wanted to be around him. She wanted to have dinner with him and see his strong features smile at her, wink at her and make her feel special. But that was a dangerous precedent to set. She also loved her job. And dating Sid, even casually, would put her employment in jeopardy. Not because he would fire her if she said no to anything; only because she knew that she'd never be able to work around him after he moved on to the next woman. "Sid, please, I can't..."

"Yes you can," he interrupted firmly. "Just come on up." With those words, he hung up the phone.

Sabrina suspected that if she were to walk out of the building, he wouldn't hold it against her. But is that what she really wanted to do? Sabrina looked around her. She was living her dream. She had almost full control of events for a lavish resort in a luxurious playground. The only thing that would make this better would be to add a man that made her blood sing the way Sid could. She'd lived her whole life taking things cautiously. The only really extravagant thing she'd ever done was dare to apply for her current job at her sister's prodding. Since then, her life has been filled with interesting work and challenges she'd never before thought she'd be able to do.

Now there was Sid. Should she gamble once more? Did she really need to gamble, she thought? Or could she simply enjoy the company of one of the singularly most fascinating men she'd ever met?

What harm could there be in one meal? She already had trouble finding a man who could overshadow Sid before she'd gotten to know him a little. Why not find out more about him? Find out what made him tick? Maybe if she got to know him better, she would find out that he wasn't the god she'd made him out to be. He had to have some sort of flaw that she wouldn't like, right?

Sabrina looked around her and with a slight nod, she turned in the opposite direction toward the management offices.

Sid watched through the window of his office as Sabrina debated his invitation. It took her a long time and he considered calling her again. But he wanted her to make the decision on her own. Not that he would have accepted it if she'd left. He would have followed her and convinced her to change her mind.

"Good girl," he said as she turned toward his office. He smiled in anticipation and logged off his computer, ensuring that the security code was active before he turned to wait for Sabrina.

"Good evening," she said breathlessly as soon as she walked through the door to his office.

He looked at her from her shining head to her navy high heels he knew she wore to give her added height. "Good evening. You look nice," he said and moved forward.

He put a hand to the small of her back and guided her back out the doorway. They passed Liz's desk and Sabrina hoped his secretary didn't know that Sid was taking her out to dinner. She didn't want anyone to know about their encounters. If she kept their relationship a secret, no matter how long or short it lasted, it would be difficult when he moved on, but at least everyone else wouldn't be gossiping about it either.

"Where are we going?" she asked when she noticed that he pressed the up button on a private elevator instead of the down button which would take them to the lobby.

"To my suite," he said.

"Oh," she whispered. That wasn't what she had been anticipating. His suite meant something quite different. She'd been anticipating a restaurant. Some place where others would be around and she could breathe a little easier, knowing that nothing could happen. His suite was a totally different concept and she wasn't sure she was ready for that.

She didn't have much of a choice though as the elevators opened and they walked down a dimly lit hallway. While she was busy debating the issue, he was guiding her to his suite. Outside of the only door, he pressed some buttons and the door opened.

Sabrina walked anxiously into the room and gasped in pleasure. "Oh, how lovely," she said, taking in the incredible view of the Las Vegas lights through a bank of windows on two sides of the extremely large living room. The penthouse was beautifully decorated in shades of white and brown, not overly masculine but still strong and comfortable.

"This way," he said and led her out to the patio. They were too high to hear the noise but the air was crisp and cool and not too cold since unobtrusive heaters filtered through the air. Sabrina accepted the glass of wine he poured and moved over to the banister. "I don't know how you work with this view up here. I'd be standing here all day." She tried to hide her nervousness but suspected that he could see right through her bravado.

Sid glanced out at the view and acknowledged that it was striking. "It's nice," he replied.

Sabrina laughed and looked back at him. "Not very dramatic if you have to look at it every day, I suppose?" she questioned.

"I suppose. Are you hungry?" he asked. "I'm starving," she agreed, relieved to have something to do other than be nervous. "What did your chef make for us?" she asked.

"I'm not sure," he said and walked over to the table and lifted the plate covers, sniffing the air. "Smells good," he said and raised an eyebrow. "Are you ready to eat?'

"Sure," she said and sat down at the table, grateful to be able to put some space between the two of them.

"What made you move away from the East Coast?" he asked as soon as they started eating.

"Oh, this is delicious," she said, instead of answering his question. She savored the spicy flavor for a moment, before she shrugged one shoulder slightly in response. "I hadn't planned to move out here. I was perfectly content to stay where I was."

He raised one eyebrow at her response. "Why did you apply for the job then?"

"Because my sister bet me that I wouldn't have the guts," she laughed. "She wanted me to take the job and knew how to push my buttons. I didn't think I had a chance in the world of landing the job so I didn't have anything to lose except for a few hours," she replied and smiled up at him. "This is amazing," she said, referring to the baked salmon with a spicy cream sauce. "How does your chef make it so tender?"

"I have no idea. I've never done more than make a sandwich," he said. "What does your sister do?" he asked.

Sabrina's eyes twinkled with merriment as she replied, "She works for you."

Sid hid his surprise but liked the fact that she felt comfortable enough around him now to tease him. "She does?"

"Yes, she's one of your dancers."

"What's her name?"

"Nina. She's been working here for several years but is also going to law school."

"I'm surprised she has time in the evenings. The dancers rehearse a lot of the time."

"She goes to day classes. Things are a little reversed in our family."

"What do you mean?"

Sabrina raised one shoulder delicately. "My sister works nights and goes to school during the days. She's also eighteen months younger than me but acts like she's older. My sister is very protective of me for some reason," she said, sampling the creamy potatoes.

"And she doesn't want you to have anything to do with me," he said, guessing accurately.

Sabrina noted the smile in his eyes and was relieved. "You're right," she said.

"So why are you here?"

"Because you don't take no for an answer," she said, chuckling softly.

"When it's the right answer, I do," he replied.

"What would be the right time to say no to you?"

Sid arrogantly shrugged his shoulder. "I haven't run across a good time so far but I'm willing to bet that it will arrive at some point in my life." He smiled as she rolled her eyes.

"How does someone become so confident? What happened in your life that has made you so incredibly...." She wanted to say arrogant but that wasn't really the word she wanted to use although it definitely described him. "Assertive?"

He lifted his glass and took a sip of wine before answering her. "You're assertive when it's needed," he said, not answering her question.

"I wasn't very assertive tonight," she joked.

"It wasn't needed," he responded in a matter of fact tone.

Her eyes showed her laughter. "Depends on your point of view," she said.

"Touche," he countered with a smile. "So is your sister any good?"

Sabrina laughed. "Of course she is."

"Are you two close?"

"Yes. Aren't you close with your family?"

"I have a brother," he said without elaborating. "How do you like Vegas?" he quickly changed the subject.

She ignored his change of subject and continued with her own curiosity. "Just a brother? No mother or father?" Surely the man had more than just a brother. What about the rest of his family?

"Everyone has parents," was his only response.

Sabrina noted the closed expression on his face and reacted to it, her mind attuned to the pain he was feeling but not sure why something so basic as parents would engender pain in a man so confident.

"Did Adam and Eve?" she asked, trying to inject a note of humor into the conversation.

He glanced up from his plate, not sure where the conversation had gone. "Excuse me?"

She put down her wine glass and sat forward. "Think about it. Adam and Eve were formed by God, I'll go with that. But how were the other people formed? Did Adam and Eve basically populate the rest of the world? Or did God create other people? And if he did, why don't we read about them in the Bible?"

"Ah!" he said, smiling at her conversation. "I see your point. Are we all related somehow? Sounds awfully incestuous, doesn't it?"

"My point exactly," she said. "A little odd, wouldn't you say?"

"Very odd."

They continued to talk about non-threatening subjects for the next two hours and Sabrina started to relax. The meal was absolutely wonderful and Sabrina knew that her plan to find something wrong with him had failed. In fact, she knew very little more about him than what she knew before. The information that he had a brother was the only knew point of knowledge she'd gained of the man during the entire evening. But that didn't mean he wasn't entertaining and wonderfully intelligent. She liked arguing with him. He definitely kept her on her toes. Each time she brought up a subject, he had arguments against her opinion. She suspected he chose the opposite viewpoint only to challenge her, but she was fine with that since he made her laugh at most of his arguments and many of her own.

He was also the perfect gentleman throughout the night. The dinner was scrumptious and the dessert, consisting of a heavenly light raspberry mouse and white chocolate syrup, was absolutely sinful. Sabrina ate every morsel, sipping a different wine with each course that only enhanced the flavors of each dish, although she drank very little, knowing she had to keep her wits about her with this man.

It was almost midnight when she glanced down at her watch and realized what time it was. "Good grief,' she gasped, immediately standing up and placing her glass of brandy on the low coffee table. "I had no idea how late it had become," she said, smoothing her suit jacket down over her hips. They had moved from the table to a set of sofas and chairs near the rooftop pool and Sabrina had been enjoying the conversation with him too much to notice the hours pass. "I'd better get home,' she said and glanced up shyly to him, suddenly nervous even though they had been laughing and arguing for almost five hours.

"Thank you very much for dinner," she said, sticking out her hand for him to shake.

He took her hand and slipped it through his arm. "I'll walk you to your car."

She started to pull her hand out but he wouldn't release her. "Really, there's no need," she started to say but he shook his head.

"There's every need. It's the middle of the night and it's not safe in Vegas at night."

Sid walked her out to her car and stood there while she unlocked the door. When it was open, she put the door between herself and Sid. "Well, thank you so much for dinner," she said. "I really need to go."

He crossed his arms over his chest. "You're not ready for this, are you?" he asked.

Sabrina was instantly relieved. "No," she said gratefully, looking down at the ground instead of his handsome face. "No, I'm really not. Like I said last night, I'm not in your league and I don't understand what you expect."

He was quiet for a long moment before he spoke. "Okay. I can understand that. How long will it take for you to understand?" he asked.

Sabrina was confused. "I'm not sure." What did she need to understand? Was he going to elaborate?

"Well, I'm a patient man," he started, not giving her any more details. "But don't make me wait too long," he said and bent down, kissing her gently on the lips. "The car show starts in two days. Be in my office tomorrow to go over the last minute details. Have your staff there as well. I want to make sure everyone is prepared. We're going to be inundated with car enthusiasts."

He walked away before she could even form a reaction to his words. Sabrina got into her car and drove home on autopilot. What could he possibly mean about her understanding what he expected? He wanted an affair, that was obvious. But other than that, she was clueless. And goodness! Why on earth would he want an affair with her? When he had all those lovely ladies dressed in barely anything, what could she offer him? That stumped her and she pulled into her garage in complete confusion.

She tossed and turned in bed, trying to work through his words in her mind but nothing really made sense. She resolved that she would just have to keep her distance. He would eventually get bored and would find someone else who sparked his interest and where would that leave her? She only had a silly infatuation with the man but once she had an affair, Sabrina was honest enough with herself to know that she couldn't just enter into that kind of a relationship without her feelings becoming involved.

Chapter 4

Sabrina stormed into her office and tossed the file onto her desk. She then threw her body into her chair and groaned as she looked at the number of e-mails that were awaiting some sort of response from her.

"Is it a full moon or something?" she grumbled to what she thought was an empty office.

"Possibly. What's wrong?" Sid asked as he leaned against the frame to her office door.

Sabrina startled and looked up at the sexy man. "Nothing," she pasted a smile on her face and took a deep breath, trying to calm herself. She hadn't seen him in three days and boy, did he look wonderful. It didn't matter that she'd been losing sleep over his comment that night. It didn't matter that her heart started leaping about as if it were a puppy after a delicious treat. All that mattered was feasting her eyes on his handsome features, like a horse to water after traveling across a desert.

Melissa entered the room and put a file in Sabrina's in-box, the disbelief written all over her face. "Don't believe her, sir. She's been a grump all week." Her ever efficient assistance was respectful but wouldn't let Sabrina get away with her comment.

Sabrina wanted to yell at her assistant but bit her tongue. It was true. She was a grump. She'd been snapping at everyone and everything lately and the more she tried to be calm and patient, the more she started to lose it. She looked up at Sid to see what his reaction to Melissa's comment was. He didn't seem angry, but she didn't know him well enough to be able to gauge his reactions yet.

Sid raised one eyebrow and came in to sit down in the empty chair in front of her desk. "What's wrong?" he asked.

Sabrina covered her face with her hands, wishing she were anywhere else but here. "Nothing I can't fix with a good run," she said and sighed. She dropped her hands and looked across the small office at him. "I'm sorry. I've been snapping at everyone but the guests and I guess my staff is starting to snap back."

"Tell me what's wrong and I'll fix it for you," he repeated. He wanted to take her into his arms and feel her body against his but he forced his mind to concentrate on what was bothering her. It had been three days since she'd had dinner with him and he wanted to touch her, to feel her against him once again. But he knew he needed to go slowly. His future wife was cautious and concerned but eventually she would understand and would agree with his plans. It would just take time, he told himself. Patience and strategy had been how he'd built his empire. It would also be how he won this incredible beauty sitting in front of him trying desperately hard not to blush.

Sabrina leaned back in her chair and shook her head, wishing she could get rid of some of this frustration. The tension had been building up over the past several days and she felt as if she were at a breaking point. Sid wasn't helping either. Three days ago when she'd been finalizing the details of the car show, he'd been respectful, but always there. He wasn't pushy about seeing her but turned up in various places, touching her arm, her shoulder, leaning too closely when she discussed a file. All of the touches were innocent, she knew. It was just her own imagination and body that she couldn't get under control.

Watching him now, looking smooth and debonair while she felt as if her hair were standing out in all directions, she felt her frustration build even more. How could he be so casual and in control of all situations when she wanted to scream? She contemplated him curiously. "Is there anything you can't fix?" she asked.

"Nope," he said without hesitation.

She had to smile at that answer. No one could possibly be that sure of themselves, could they? "How do you know?"

He shrugged, the epitome of confidence. "So far, I haven't encountered anything that wasn't fixable. Which brings me back to my original question which you seem intent on trying to avoid. Tell me the problem and let me fix it for you."

Sabrina laughed. "I need to run."

He blinked quickly, then waited for her to continue. When she only smiled at him, he gave in to the confusion. "I'm sorry?" he replied, hiding the surprise on his face. "Are you saying you need to run away from me? Or the resort? Life in general?"

She laughed and shook her head. "Nothing that dramatic actually. I need to go for a run. I've been trying to get in here early each day to make sure everything is going as planned. So I haven't been able to get out and run."

"So why don't you go run?" he asked.

"Because we live in a desert and right now its about one hundred degrees outside. it's way too hot to do anything that strenuous in the middle of the day. I'd die of heat exhaustion."

"Do you have your gym clothes here?"

She sighed and looked longingly at the bag sitting in the corner, unused. "Yes, I was hoping to get out a little earlier, before the real heat of the day started. But now it's too late."

He reached into his breast pocket and pulled out something, then tossed a keycard onto her desk. "Go upstairs and use my gym. There's a treadmill, stair stepper, weights and a private shower - everything you might need to get in a good workout."

Sabrina looked at the keycard, then back up at his face. Work out in his gym? Alone in his penthouse where he lived? A shiver of excitement raced up her spine and she trembled. Sure, he probably had a treadmill, and everything else any exclusive gym might have but she couldn't possibly work out in his penthouse. "No thanks," she said and slid the card back across the desk toward him.

"Why not?" he asked, ignoring the card as he watched her intently.

Sabrina shifted uncomfortably in her chair. Because it was where he lived and slept and was way too intimate for her peace of mind, she thought. Instead of admitting something like that to him, she said, "Because there are too many security cameras inside this place. I don't like people seeing me without me being able to see who is staring."

Sid smiled and nodded his head. "You're right. I see you on the monitors all the time," he winked at her. "But as for my private quarters, I promise no one will watch you on the security cameras except me," he said.

Sabrina laughed, enthralled with his smile. "That's not very comforting," she said.

"Well, then let me come up and watch you in person," he teased, his eyes gleaming and showing her that he wasn't completely joking.

"No way," she chuckled.

"Why not?"

She looked at him and saw the desire hidden in his dark blue eyes. Danger bells immediately went off and she said the first thing that came to mind. "Because I know you and you'd try to entice me to stop so you can kiss me." She couldn't believe she'd said that! Who was this daring, sassy woman who could flirt with a gorgeous man? Surely it wasn't the shy woman who hadn't dated since coming to this desert.

"Among other things," he said softly.

"Well, that settles it," she said emphatically but still laughed, encouraged that he was still interested in her despite no encouragement from her end. "I'll just make sure to get out tomorrow morning and run with my normal group of friends."

"There are other ways to get rid of stress," he said, standing up and coming around her desk.

Her eyes widened. "Sid, you stay on the other side of this desk," she whispered.

"Why?" he asked, not paying her any attention. He came around, pushing the door closed behind him with one hand.

The door closing was a sure sign of danger. She didn't need to look at his face now. "No! People will talk," she said and slipped around him, well out of his arms reach. But it was no good. He caught her deftly and pulled her up against his muscular body. "Just one kiss," he said and dipped his head toward hers.

Sabrina was unable to resist him and easily fell into his arms. She even lifted her face to his, eager for the kiss and the way his body made her feel.

And she wasn't disappointed. When his mouth covered hers, she opened for him willingly. And all the times she'd relived his kiss hadn't been exaggerated. He was an expert. His lips were gentle but coaxing, insistent and persuasive and she melted into his arms, her own creeping slowly up his shoulders to rest lightly on his suit jacket.

After kissing her senseless, he lifted his head and stared down at her. "Tell you what, why don't you grab your running clothes, use my gym then shower and meet me for dinner. I'll take you to some place that will take your breath away."

After that kind of kiss, she'd do just about anything he asked of her. Sabrina's mind still wasn't functioning on all cylinders even though he wasn't kissing her anymore. "That sounds interesting."

"And has the added benefit of getting all this stress out of your system so you won't be tempted to fall into my arms and let me make love to you tonight. See what a gentleman I am?" he said and stepped back from her, releasing her waist.

Sabrina watched his eyes and shook her head. "I don't believe you," she laughed.

"Smart woman," he growled. He glanced down at his watch. "You have an hour and a half before I come get you. I suggest you hurry home and grab some clothes, just some jeans and a casual shirt for dinner with me tonight."

She'd been craving his company for days, wanting so much to be with him and learn more about what made him tick. But he hadn't made any advances besides being close to her on several occasions. Now he was telling her that he still wanted her and wanted to be with her and she was incapable of resisting. Throwing caution to the wind, she smiled brightly and gave in. Looking at her watch, she nodded quickly. "Fine. I'll see you later." She picked up her purse and threw it over her shoulder, rushing out of the building to get her clothes.

She was back at the hotel a half hour later and slipped into the elevator that would take her up to Sid's private suite. She punched in the code he'd told her to use and the door opened immediately. Changing into her running clothes, she stepped onto his treadmill and started running, starting out slowly until her muscles warmed up. All his workout equipment had the same stunning view of the Las Vegas strip that his living room had and she found that she was able to increase the intensity more quickly, her heart rate going up faster so she had a better workout than normal. All because of the stunning view in front of her.

Forty five minutes later, she stopped the machine and stepped off, drying her face with a towel she'd brought from home. As she caught her breath, she realized that this workout was one of the best she'd ever had.

She quickly showered in his luxurious bathroom, amazed at how the spray comes out from several different shower heads. She was just stepping out of the shower when she heard a door close.

"Woman, you're taking too long," she heard Sid call out.

Sabrina quickly pulled a towel off of the towel rack beside the shower and wrapped herself up in it only moments before Sid walked casually into the bathroom. "Ah, I couldn't have expected a better reception," he said and walked up to her, taking a corner of the towel in each of his hands.

His casual acceptance of her almost naked form shocked her. "Sid, you have to go away. I promise I'll hurry," she said, laughing nervously as she grabbed the corners out of his hands.

He didn't release his hold though. "Now why should I do that? I've had this master plan to get you into my bed for months, why should I resist the temptation now that you're basically naked, all relaxed from your workout and looking incredibly sexy with the warm water all over your shoulders?"

She took a quick step backwards only to run into the glass shower wall. "Because you're a gentleman, that's why," she said and sidestepped him yet again.

"Darlin', no one is that much of a gentleman," he smiled and took her hand instead of the towel.

Sabrina was initially relieved that he was dropping the towel, but after a few seconds, she realized that this was worse since her hands were the only things holding up the fluffy towel. Understanding his mischievous plan, she gasped and tried to step away. "Sid, stop!" she demanded but couldn't ignore the excitement bubbling up inside her. She could see the passion lighting his eyes and it definitely transferred to her own body. "I thought you were going to take me someplace wonderful tonight for dinner," she said, but her voice was turning husky with anticipation.

"Mmm...you're right," he murmured but his eyes didn't leave her mouth. After a long moment, he gained control of the passion and released her hands. Turning to leave, he suddenly stopped as his eyes caught on the stack of clothes she'd put on the bathroom counter to change into.

He picked up her lacy bra with his large, strong hands and turned back to face her. "Is this what you'll be wearing in a few minutes?" he asked.

Sabrina could only nod her head, since her voice wouldn't work anymore. The lace falling through his hands created images of how nice it would be if he'd been the one to take it off her.

Sid didn't say anything else. He just nodded his head, his eyes going to where her breasts were hidden beneath the towel. He carefully placed the lacy bra back on top of her shirt, arranging it artfully so that it looked very sexy laying there on her prim clothes. Then he quickly turned, leaving her in the bathroom with her mouth suddenly dry and her body aching with the images he'd put into her mind.

Sabrina took a deep breath and let her shoulders relax as soon as the door clicked shut behind him.

Not willing to chance him coming back into the bathroom, Sabrina quickly donned her jeans and the soft, white shirt. She brushed her hair out, leaving it to fall in waves behind her shoulders and down her back.

She put on fresh face powder, lipstick and mascara then took a deep breath before opening the door again, walking through the enormous penthouse. "I'm ready," she said to his back when she finally found him. He had changed into a pair of jeans and a navy blue shirt. As soon as she spoke, he turned to face her. She stood just inside the living room, unsure if she should enter. The man still intimidated her but she was trying to fight that feeling. She could tell by the way he waited for her that he was sensing her anxiety.

"Nice," he said and walked up to take her mouth in a passionate kiss. It was another one of those mind-blowing kisses that left her breathless and confused, blinking to reorient herself once the kiss was over. "Want to make a wager?" he asked.

It took her several seconds to understand what he was asking her but eventually, his message got through. "Sure," she said bravely and knew that it had been the right answer when she saw the light spark in his eyes.

His hands were resting causally on her hips but there was no space between their bodies. He held her firmly, but she knew she could pull away at any moment if she tried. He slid a hand slightly higher on her waist before saying, "I'll bet that by the end of the evening, you'll come to me and kiss me on your own."

Sabrina swallowed. The idea appealed to her more than she wanted to admit. Feel free to touch him whenever she felt like it? What a thought! She wanted to reach out and touch his cheek, to see if he'd shaved or if there was a slight stubble after the day. Her hand itched to do just that but she kept it by her side.

Sid sighed and pulled her hand into his. "I'm a patient man, but I always get what I want, Sabrina."

She stared up into his eyes, wondering what he could possibly want from her. When she saw the challenge there, she decided to ask rather than simply wonder. "What do you want?" she asked breathlessly.

"You," he said without hesitation. "But I want you without reservation. I want you to feel the same insane desire to tear my clothes off me and make love with me that I feel as soon as I see you walking anywhere. Just as I want to do with you now."

Wow! Could his words be true? Did he really find her that attractive? "You do?" she squeaked.

He nodded. "Any suggestions on how I can get that to happen sooner rather than later?"

In response, she stepped closer and reached out her hand, touching his cheek just as she'd wanted to do a moment earlier. She didn't answer him but instead ran her fingers along the rough stubble that had appeared during the day and since he didn't move, she became bolder and let her fingers trail over his lips, then down to his shoulders to feel the muscles in his chest and arms covered only by a navy polo shirt.

"Sabrina!" he groaned but he didn't move. He let her continue to feel wherever she felt the desire to touch him.

When her fingers started shaking, she stopped and let her hand drop to her side. "Thank you," she said and stepped back.

"Is that all you want to touch?" he asked, his voice harsh.

"For the moment," she smiled and she had no idea how seductive her smile was. .

Sid watched her eyes and wondered if she was just teasing him. Didn't she have any idea of what effect she had on his body? He could barely contain the impulse to pick her up and carry her to his bed. He knew he could kiss away her reservations and have her enjoy a physical relationship with him. But something was holding her back from letting her release her need for him. And he didn't want that. He didn't understand what that something could be, but he was determined to find out, even if it killed him.

When he saw the vulnerability in her eyes, the slight tremble of her fingers as she hid them behind her back, he realized that she honestly didn't know what she was doing to him with her tender touch. "We need to get out of here," he said fervently and took her hand to guide her out of the penthouse.

"Where are we going?" she asked as they took the elevator up.

"To the desert," he explained and pressed the button for the next floor up.

"Um..." she said, a worried expression in her eyes, "Isn't the desert down?" she asked, wondering why he'd pressed the up arrow for the elevator.

He didn't answer her but smiled as he pulled her along behind him. A few moments later, the elevators opened up to the roof of the building and she was startled to see a helicopter parked on a giant helipad. He led her to the passenger side and showed her how to put on the earphones. Then he hopped to the other side and started the propellers. Sabrina put on her seatbelt and gripped the edge of her seat, her excitement almost overwhelming her. She'd always wanted to ride in a helicopter but had never had the opportunity. Now she watched as they flew out over the buildings of Las Vegas and headed out to the desert. The sun was just starting it's decent into the horizon when he landed the helicopter in a wide open space.

Sabrina got out and watched as he pulled a picnic basket and blanket out of the back of the helicopter, spreading them out near the edge of one of the cliffs. She helped him get out candles, and plates and covered containers already prepared with delicious smelling chicken and some sort of steaming potatoes.

They sat down on the blanket and watched the sunset, not talking about anything as they enjoyed the view.

Sabrina was awestruck as the sun dipped down to touch the horizon, the cliffs in front of her coming on fire as the sun broke and diffused behind them, splintering off into red, orange and fuscia rays.

Sabrina had put down her plate and just enjoyed the sight of the setting sun, thrilled that he had taken her here to enjoy what must be a private spot for him.

Once the sun was low, she turned to face him, speaking for the first time since they started eating. "Thank you," she said quietly, still not willing to break the beauty of the sunset with words.

"You're welcome."

Sabrina thought about what he'd said earlier, about having her kiss him for the first time on her own. She put her plate down and got up on her knees. With the lightest touch, she kissed him then pulled back. When he didn't move, she became bolder and kissed him again. Sabrina remembered how he had nibbled on her lips, licked them sensuously and she tried it out on him. The effect was exactly what she had been hoping to do to him. He reacted just as she did. He groaned a moment before his arms when around her and he pulled her down to the ground, his broad shoulders blocking out what remained of the sunlight as his hand cushioned her head against the hard desert earth.

She moaned softly when he took over the kiss and she allowed her hands to move over him, explore his shoulders, his arms and the amazing muscles in his biceps. She unbuttoned the first few buttons of his shirt and slipped her hands inside, reveling at the feeling of his warm skin against the palm of her hands.

The feeling of his hands under her shirt made her inhale sharply but she didn't want him to stop. She wanted more, she needed to feel his hands covering her and touching her. She pulled his shirt out of his jeans and placed her hands flat on his chest, loving the velvety smoothness covering the steel of his muscles.

"Sabrina," he groaned and suddenly his hands were touching her stomach as well and his mouth was covering hers in a ravenous kiss. But the heat was too much and she pulled back, terrified of how much she wanted him. When his mouth moved lower, nibbling at her neck, her ear, her shoulder that had somehow become uncovered from her blouse, she arched against him, her eyes closed and her body shivering from the heat his lips were generating.

He moved once again, his knee nudging her legs apart. Sabrina, mindless with the unknown, didn't understand initially. Then she felt him between her legs, felt his erection against her thigh and the desire she felt was too much. The feelings she'd been experiencing only a moment ago instantly froze inside her.

"Sid, stop, please," she called out to him, wriggling free from his embrace. "I can't!" she gasped, terrified of what she was feeling, what he could do to her.

Sid instantly pulled away and looked into her eyes. When he saw the terror there, he gritted his teeth but fell backwards, his hand covering his eyes as he lay back against the hard earth.

Sabrina pulled away, pulling her arms around her shoulders and trying to control the feelings that were ripping through her system.

"We'd better get out of here," he said suddenly. He instantly pulled himself to a standing position and started gathering up their picnic.

Sabrina helped him, but her fingers were shaking so badly she wasn't much help. And she felt too miserable and confused to start up a conversation. Each time she looked at him, she noticed the hard set to his handsome jaw and wished she could get the relaxed Sid back. But she didn't know how.

He packed the picnic into the back of the helicopter and they both got into their seats. Sid flew the aircraft with silent efficiency while Sabrina sat huddled in her seat in a mass of misery and embarrassment. She couldn't believe that she'd gotten so scared of something wonderful. In her mind, she knew that Sid would never hurt her. The fact that he'd stopped immediately as soon as she asked, was evidence of his control. But when her body tumbled along like that, she just wasn't sure what was happening. She was out of control and it scared her.

Back at the hotel, Sabrina was ready to simply walk out and go home, knowing that Sid probably didn't want anything else to do with her. He was used to females who knew how to play the game. She was just a silly virgin who didn't want to get burned by a man who could easily set her body on fire but didn't know how to react to the flames.

"Where are you going?" he demanded when she pressed the down button on the elevator.

Sabrina looked at him with a surprised look on her face. "I was going to go home," she said softly, unable to maintain eye contact. She was ashamed and feeling vulnerable and only wanted to go home so she could start to recover from Sid's amazing touch.

He pulled her back from the elevators, heading towards the door leading to the penthouse. "No. We need to talk. Come to my suite," he said. It wasn't a request, she knew.

Sabrina understood that he was determined to get some answers and she felt like he deserved them. It was time to be honest with him and help him to understand why she was so terrified of the feelings he was able to stir within her. He was a wonderful man and didn't deserve the mixed messages she knew she was sending to him.

Once they were alone, he tossed his keys onto a marble table and turned to face her. "Okay, explain."

Sabrina turned her back to him, unable to face the anger and confusion on his face. There was also concern but she pushed that aside as simple wishful thinking. "I'm not sure I understand," she lied, wishing she could just sink into a hole somewhere.

Sid sighed heavily, letting his hands fall onto her shoulders. She tensed immediately and he started rubbing them, trying to get her to relax a little so she could explain her reactions to him. "Sabrina, you're lying. You know exactly what I'm talking about. And I want to know what I'm doing wrong," he said. "Because if I'm touching you in a way that you don't like or offending you in some way, you need to be honest with me and let me know. So what is it? Do you not like being touched? Or do you want something different?"

"It isn't that at all!" she gasped, turning to face him, her eyes pleading with him to understand that she wasn't repulsed by his touch at all. The opposite in fact. She wanted his touch so badly, she couldn't take the heat. But how could she explain that to him? He would think she was ridiculous.

"Then what is it?" he demanded, forcing her to look up at him. He looked down into her face, his eyes angry. "Explain to me why you turn so cold once things start to heat up. You've almost got me convinced that you're not interested in me but I've seen the look in your eyes and felt the shivers in your body so I know it isn't that you're not interested."

"No! It isn't anything like that at all." She bit her lip, placing her hands flat on his chest and looking at the buttons in the middle of his shirt, searching for the words. "In fact, it's exactly the opposite," she said softly, finally admitting the truth.

Sid moved his hands from her arms to her waist and pulled her closer. "I don't understand," he prompted when she stopped. "What's the opposite?"

She closed her eyes before replying, "I feel too much," she whispered.

Sid was quiet for a long moment and Sabrina could feel his fingers tighten and loosen on her waist. "I still don't understand," he said finally.

Pushing gently away from him, she stepped away, grateful when he allowed her the space she needed. Running her hands up and down her arms, she took a deep breath and tried to explain what she was thinking, what she felt. "I haven't dated too many men but the ones that I have, well, they don't make me feel on fire."

She heard an impatient sound behind her but didn't turn around, afraid to face him.

"Are you trying to tell me you're frigid, Sabrina? Because I won't believe it. I've kissed you and felt your reactions. I know you're very sexual."

Sabrina laughed self-consciously. "Actually, you're half right. I'm sure the other men I've dated might think I'm frigid. I've never lost control, never been afraid of what they could make me feel." Turning to face him, terrified of what she would see when she looked at him but determined to be honest with him. "You do all of that to me. I've never felt the way you make me feel. It scares me."

Sid watched her large, blue eyes as they revealed a part of her he'd never suspected. "And you don't like it?" he asked, bracing himself for the answer.

She smiled weakly and shook her head. "Actually, the opposite once again. I like it too much. I don't know what I'm doing when you're touching me or kissing me."

In response, he bent down low and kissed her gently, his lips rubbing against her mouth, teasing her, nudging her. She felt him put her arms on his shoulders and shuddered. Moving closer, Sabrina imitated everything he did to her, knowing that if it felt good to her, it would probably feel good to him as well.

She found herself several minutes later curled up on his lap, his hands holding her close while she moved slowly, exploring his mouth, her hands touching him everywhere. She'd had no idea what she'd been doing but, looking at his tightly controlled expression, she knew what he was trying to do and was almost overwhelmed by gratitude. "You're showing me that I can lose control with you and you won't let it go too far, aren't you?"

"That was my plan," he said, his forehead leaning against hers. "You're incredibly beautiful and I want desperately to take you into my bedroom and show you more. But," he said when she started to pull out of his embrace, "I want you to go at your own pace. I won't rush you."

"You're a very sweet man, Sid," she said and brushed her swollen lips against his one more time.

Sid grimaced. "You're the only one that's ever said that to me," he laughed. "I'm not a nice man, Sabrina. Remember that," he cautioned. "And soon enough, you'll understand that and what I want from you."

Chapter 5

The next few days were awful.

She'd never worked so hard in all her life. The crowds were enormous and enthusiastic and Sabrina was proud of the success of the car event. But even as the event was underway, she was working on the final details of the New Years Eve bash.

To make matters worse, Sid was constantly calling her into his office, requesting meetings with her and her team and basically working her into a nervous frenzy. The meetings were generally about budgets and what to expect for the New Year's Eve party. But in addition, she had to provide budgets herself on what she wanted to do for the next several months and he wanted more elaborate events, different speakers and he gave her the goal of coming up with bigger and more extravagant events for the beginning of the summer.

Throughout each meeting or encounter, she kept glancing at Sid, wondering what he had been talking about that last night together. What was she supposed to understand? She wished he would give her a clue but he was extremely professional at all times. Sabrina wished she could remain as aloof as he was but her mind kept remembering all the times she'd been in his arms and the desire pooled low in her stomach, making her ache and shiver and lose track of the conversation. And her mind would wander next to the one time he'd allowed her to kiss him, touch him, feel him to her heart's content. He'd been so controlled that night and she'd reveled in the freedom to explore. But it had only been kisses, she reminded herself. He hadn't touched her other than around her waist and back, his hands never straying to any other part of her body like they had out on the cliff.

To compound the increased work load, after each meeting, Sid asked to speak to her. Once everyone left, Sid pulled her into his arms and kissed her senseless. Sabrina, who had been thinking about him doing just this thing since the start of the meeting, was stunned for the first few seconds. Once the shock had worn off, she fell into the kiss whole heartedly, dropping the papers from her hands so she could reach up and wrap her arms around his neck, let her fingers touch his hair and enjoy the mind-numbing kiss.

That day set the tone for the next four. She was frantically busy but somehow Sid found ways to see her alone. Each time, the kisses went slightly further. First, he would touch her waist and slide his hands up her rib cage. The next encounter, his hand covered her breast through the fabric of her shirt. Each time, he took it further, Sabrina was left shivering with need. By the end of the week, she was almost frantic for a conclusion to what he was doing to her.

On the late afternoon of New Year's Eve, she felt as if she finally had herself under control. She'd avoided Sid the previous day and so far, she'd been successful at doing the same thing today. That had left her with a brain that was working, at least. She was walking through the lobby with her clip board in her hand, checking off the various tasks that had to be accomplished by the time the party started. So far, it seemed that everything was under control. She had just enough time to hurry back to her office and change into her evening gown before the ballroom doors were scheduled to open for the big gala.

Her cell phone rang and she answered it automatically, wondering what catastrophe had just happened. But it wasn't someone from her staff. It was Sid's deep voice asking, "What are you wearing to the New Year's Eve party tonight?"

"Wearing?" she asked, dumbfounded as shivers of excitement raced along her body, ending in her stomach where butterflies instantly started dancing. She stopped where she was, right in the middle of the lobby, trying to concentrate on his words.

She heard his deep chuckle. "Yes. As much as I'd like to see you in nothing at all, I don't want the rest of the world to see you that way at the party," he said. "Did you have something special picked out?"

His comment made a blush form on her cheeks and she smiled, a hand coming to touch her overheated skin. "No, nothing special," she said. "I was only going to wear my black dress."

"Not good enough," he said and she could hear him shuffling some papers on his desk. "Come up to my office in five minutes and make a new selection." Without another word, he disconnected the line.

Sabrina looked at her clipboard and realized that she didn't have any excuse not to go. She'd already checked on the food preparations, the band had arrived and they were setting up in the ballroom, the decorations were put up and the strolling entertainers were already in the dressing rooms putting on their costumes.

With a deep sigh and a determination to tamp down her excitement at the thought of seeing Sid again, she turned toward the bank of elevators that would take her to his office.

Within moments, she was standing outside his door, smiling to Liz who winked at her and announced her over the phone. "Go on in. He's been expecting you," Liz explained as she hung up the phone.

Sabrina walked tentatively into Sid's office, not sure what to expect. She was both excited and terrified that Sid would take her into his arms again. Each time she left him, she'd be aching with unfulfilled need. She couldn't stay away, nor could she ask him to stop his exquisite torment. She was now craving it, needing his touch as much as she needed food and water each day.

"Good afternoon," he said but stayed behind his desk as she walked across the wide expanse of carpeting. "Take your pick," he said, indicating something behind her. "Excuse me?" she asked, stopping in the middle of the office as she looked at him, a sweet smile of anticipation on her face.

Sid smiled. "Are you always so polite?" he asked softly, walking around his desk to the bar in the corner.

Sabrina blinked. That definitely wasn't what she'd been expecting him to ask. "I suppose so," she said and her smile returned, wider this time. "Is that a bad thing?" she asked.

"Not at all," he chuckled, mixing several liquors into a shaker. "You'd look lovely in the green," he said.

Sabrina grimaced. "I look awful in green," she laughed. "It makes my hair look bright red.

Sid handed her a martini glass with a red liquid in it. "You'll have to explain how that would be a bad thing," he said, his dark, intense eyes looking down into hers.

Sabrina was instantly aware of his height and the muscles under his suit. She licked her suddenly dry lips as she looked up into his handsome face. "Well, it isn't something I generally like to enhance," she said.

"Why not? You have lovely hair," he said, his eyes moving over the fiery locks that were tightly controlled in her bun. "You should wear it down more often," he said, his voice deepening and making her body hum.

Sabrina's hand instantly went up to smooth the sides of her hair nervously. "That wouldn't be very professional," she said a little breathlessly.

Sid's eyes looked down at hers again. "Then you'll just have to wear it down for me when we're alone next time," he said.

Sabrina's head was spinning with the knowledge that he wanted to be alone with her. She wanted that so much she was in pain. Her stomach tensed and her nipples tightened and she was extremely glad that she was wearing the stiff jacket so he couldn't see how easily he could excite her. The other women he dated were probably more sophisticated and would have a witty reply to his comment. But all she could do is stare up at him, a small smile on her face as the excitement tore through her slender body.

"Are you going to pick out a dress?" he asked, his voice husky.

"Dress?" she asked, unaware of anything besides Sid as he continued to look down at her.

He raised one eyebrow at her response. "You're an interesting female, Sabrina. Most women would barely have known that I was in the room with a wardrobe full of designer dresses over there. I'm flattered."

Sabrina snapped out of her trance and looked around. There was indeed a wrack of dresses in a rainbow of colors standing off to the side of the sofa. "Oh my!" she said. "What are all of those for?" she asked.

"They are for you to choose your evening dress from," he said and put a hand to the small of her back as he led her over to the dresses. "What would you like to wear tonight?" he asked.

She shook her head in denial. She'd spied one of the labels and knew that just one of the dresses probably had cost more than her salary for several months. "Sid, I can't wear any of these dresses," she said, glad that her voice sounded assertive.

He laughed loudly at her comment. "Of course you can choose one. In fact, you should pick out several. There will be other events that you might need a dress like this."

Sabrina shook her head but her empty hand reached out to touch the delicate fabric of a bright blue dress. "No, I can't accept these dresses. expensive," she said.

Sid took down the blue dress and held it out in front of her. They are far too

He looked at her figure, then at her eyes. "No, this one won't work for you," he said and hung it back on the wrack.

"Why not?" she asked, ready to laugh at the way he quickly pulled it away.

"Not striking enough. Here, try this one on," he said and handed her a green silk dress with a simple front that came all the way up to her neck. But when she turned it around, she realized that there was no back to it.

"I can't wear that dress," she said and shook her head.

"Why not?" he asked, his eyes looking at her, alight with a fire inside. "I think you'd look stunning in it."

Sabrina shook her head, but at the same time wished she had the courage to wear something like that. "No, really. I'd be too self-conscious in it." She bit her lower lip in regret as she stepped away from the dress reluctantly.

Sid turned her around and took the untouched martini out of her hand. "Go try it on. You don't have much time left before the party starts. It's almost eight o'clock now and the guests will start arriving in the ballroom soon."

Wanting to just try it on and see what it would look like on her, Sabrina took the dress and allowed him to lead her to the bathroom which was a large black and white marble extravagance complete with a shower fixed with multiple shower heads and granite counter tops. She quickly pulled off her suit, eager to see what the glorious green dress would do to her skin and hair. She slipped the soft silk over her body and it felt like warm, smooth water gliding down over her skin. When she turned to face herself in the mirror, she was shocked to see her reflection. Was this sexy, stunning woman really the shy person who, until seven months ago had been living a quiet, almost boring life in Virginia?

The woman looking back at her, despite the bra straps visible outside the fabric, made her seem sultry and sophisticated. Sexy! The dress was glamour defined and she twisted from side to side to see her figure in the luxurious silk. The knock on the door was preceded by Sid coming through carrying three other dresses. These were just as stunning but he stopped short when he saw her.

He placed the dresses on a hook and walked over to where she was standing. "It looks incredible," he said. "But this really isn't going to work." With deft hands, he reached around and unsnapped her bra. There was nothing hindering his hands since the dress had no back. With a few simple movements, the thin shoulder straps fell off her shoulders and he pulled the lacy scrap of material out the side. "Now look at yourself," he said, his deep voice even huskier as he turned her to face the mirror once again.

As she watched, Sid reached up and pulled the pins out of her masses of hair, the tangles spilling out over her shoulders. "That's better," he said, his calloused fingers sliding gently down her arms.

Sabrina's hands wanted to reach up and cover her breasts which were now more visible through the silk material. As were her nipples and the hardened peaks showed prominently through. Her breathing was rapid and she was embarrassed by her reaction to his touch.

"You're beautiful," he said, standing behind her, his hands firmly held hers away from her body but as he continued to watch, she felt the rest of her body react. The space between her legs became wet and her body swayed against his. She tried to stand up straight, but he felt her sway and pulled her against him. Sabrina was shocked to find that he was just as aroused as she was and her eyes shot up to his, questioning.

But Sid wasn't watching her anymore. His hands were on her upper arms and his head was descending to kiss her neck. When his lips touched her ear, she gasped, her bottom pressing more firmly against his thighs and his hands came around to the front, pressing her thighs against his, her shoulders against his chest.

"Sid?" she asked, her head falling back against his shoulder, giving him greater access to her neck.

"Shh," he said, his mouth moving along her sensitive neck, nibbling her earlobe.

Within moments, Sabrina was a quivering mass of need and her hands covered his, pressing against her skin more firmly. She breathed in, trying to find the strength to pull back but the air was filled with his scent and it only made her head spin more crazily.

When his hands reached into her dress, she cried out and her body almost fell over. If his hands hadn't been there, she wasn't sure what would have happened. As it was, she pushed her whole body against his, writhing with her need now as his thumbs flicked her nipples, sending sharp stabs of desire shooting through her body.

Her hands reached around to hold him, gripping his thighs in a desperate attempt to find some stability but it was pointless as one hand pulled free of her dress, then slid down her waist.

"I want you," Sid said, groaning deeply. With a quick movement, his hands pulled away from her breasts, causing Sabrina to cry out. He then spun her around and held her tightly in his arms. "We can't do this here. When I make love to you, I want a bed and absolute privacy along with several hours to do it right."

"I don't think I can take much more of this," she whispered, her whole body trembling against his strong frame. "If you're not going to take me upstairs to your bedroom right now, then you can't touch me for the rest of the night."

She felt more than heard his rumble of laughter against her cheek which was laying against his chest. "Then you've finally reached the point that I've been in since I met you," he said.

"What do you mean?" she asked.

He smiled but shook his head. "No, I'm not going to ask this here. Meet me upstairs tonight after midnight. We need to talk."

Sid led her out of the bathroom, chuckling at the confusion in her green eyes. "Don't worry. You'll like my surprise."

Sabrina forced a smile on her face but she wasn't really satisfied with his answer to her unspoken question. Nor was she satisfied with the promise of sexual fulfillment later on. She wanted him now, desperately and she was grinding her teeth in an effort to control herself and stop from flinging her arms around him and demanding that he take her upstairs to his penthouse suite.

As soon as she entered the lobby, a series of people walked up to her with problems or questions and she felt Sid slip away from her waist. She was grateful that he didn't flaunt their relationship in front of the people who worked for her, but she missed the warmth of his hand on her back.

She quickly dealt with the current round of crises, then made her way to the ballroom where the New Year's Eve Party was well underway. Hundreds of guests all dressed in their finest, were already dancing, drinking and eating the delicious foods. She'd organized dance classes for whoever wanted them in a separate room as well as entertainers who strolled around the main ballroom, breathing fire, swallowing swords, twirling hula hoops around their waists while balancing a ball of water on their heads among others. It was all very interesting and festive but Sabrina missed most of them since she was moving from room to room, making sure the event went along smoothly. She only had a few minor issues but overall, the event seemed to be a resounding success. By the time the bottles of champagne were poured and the new year rung in, she was feeling proud of another wonderful event gone well.

It was only twelve-thirty in the morning when she felt someone touch her elbow. "Can you break away yet?" Sid asked, his deep voice bringing back memories of their few moments in the bathroom earlier in the night.

She looked around, eager to get away and find out more of his surprise. "Yes. I think everything is under control. Most people will be moving out to gamble in the casino now." Turning, she smiled up at his handsome face. "And I'm eager to know what you're secret message is."

"Come along, then," he said and put a hand to the small of her back to guide her away.

He took her into the private elevator and as soon as the doors closed, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her. It wasn't a demanding kiss but was gentle and coaxing, as if he were seducing her softly. Sabrina couldn't resist this kind of kiss any more than she would be able to resist his more demanding embraces. She leaned greedily into him, enjoying how strong he was and how seductive his mouth as it moved across hers.

The ding of the elevators interrupted Sid, but Sabrina was startled to feel him pull away, having forgotten that they were still in the elevator. She let out a deep sigh as he led her through the hallway and blushed when she heard him chuckle behind her. "Patience," he said softly.

They entered his penthouse a moment later and Sabrina gasped when she saw all the roses and candles lining every available surface. The fireplace was even lit, adding to the romantic ambiance. She stood in the center of the room, looking around with astonishment when she heard the champagne bottle pop. Looking over at Sid, he was carrying two glasses of champagne, his eyes boring into hers with a look that made her stomach muscles clench and her knees start to tremble.

"Have a glass," he said and handed her one of the flutes of champagne. "I noticed you didn't get to ring in the new year with a glass so here's to the next year," he said and clinked her glass. "I hope it will fulfill both our expectations."

Sabrina took a tentative sip, but her eyes couldn't pull away from his. There was something in the depth of his gaze that held her steadfast, worried and excited at the same time. "Mmm," she said as the bubbly liquid slid down her throat. "What's the occasion?"

He pulled her into his arms, his head bending down to nuzzle her behind her ear. "It's New Year's Eve, you're beautiful, the night is young relatively speaking. Do you need any more reasons?" he asked, his teeth capturing her earlobe.

Sabrina could barely think when he did things like this to her. She couldn't stop her body from melting into his hard, tall frame as he found each sensitive spot. "No. I guess those are all wonderful reasons," she replied, gasping and shivering each time he moved his mouth. The glass of champagne was still in her hand but she had to hold it out away from their bodies so she didn't spill it. "That feels wonderful."

His husky laugh was like a silk blanket on her already sensitized skin. "Good," he replied, his hand moving up her back to where the satin of her dress gave way to bare skin. "That's the goal." He moved from her ear to her neck, then down to her shoulder. "Are you hungry?" he asked.

"Yes," she groaned, eyes closed and voraciously hungry but not for food.

"What would you like to eat?" he asked, moving to the other side of her neck. "I'll have the chef send something up."

"You," she said before she could stop herself. When she realized she'd actually spoken the word, she froze. Her eyes opened wide and her face flamed into color as she looked into Sid's amused, hungry eyes.

"I was hoping you'd say that."

"I can't believe I did," she replied, burying her face in his chest.

Sid laughed and took the glass of champagne from her hands before lifting her hands so they were on his shoulders. "I'm glad you did. I want to affect you like that," he said, his mouth returning to her neck. "Feel free to tell me anything," he encouraged. "It turns me on that I can do that to you."

Sabrina laughed slightly. "I'm not sure you need any encouragement in that area," she said, shivering as his hand slid up to her breast.

"We were meant to be like this," he said, his thumb hovering right below her breast, teasing.

Sabrina couldn't think at that moment. All she knew was that his thumb was too low. Her body was aching to feel his fingers on her breast, teasing the nipple but she was too embarrassed to tell him.

"Say it, Sabrina," he soothed. "Tell me what you want me to do."

She tried. Sabrina really tried. But she was just too embarrassed to say the words. Her mouth formed the words and she could say them in her mind, but her voice wouldn't push the comment out. "I can't," she said after struggling through the torment. "Please Sid!" she begged.

A moment later, her world tilted as he lifted her into his arms. He carried her over to the sofa and sat down with her in his lap. When she tried to wiggle off, he simply put a hand to her hip and positioned her more intimately against him. "That's one thing you're going to have to get over when we marry," he said and covered her mouth with his, absorbing her gasp with his lips.

Sabrina was caught off guard. While his lips worked their magic kiss, her mind whirled, trying to replay his words in her head. Had he really just said they would be getting married? Was he serious? What on earth was he..... she stopped thinking when his fingers finally touched her nipple. Her body arched and she threw herself into the kiss, uncaring at that moment if they were to be married or thrown off a bridge. She needed his touch more than breathing.

"How soon can we be married?" he asked, his fingers slipping inside her dress just as they had hours ago in his bathroom.

"I don't care!" she cried out and her hands reached up to pull his head down to her mouth, her body writhing in pleasure so intense it was almost painful. "Please don't stop," she begged and was grateful when he maneuvered them so he was leaning over her on the sofa. It gave her better access to his incredible body and she made quick use of that position to push his dinner jacket off his shoulders.

"You're so beautiful," he groaned when his fingers had pulled the zipper down on her dress and his hands were able to peel the fabric away, revealing her breast and nipple for the first time to his seeking eyes.

"Sid!" she cried out, almost screaming when his mouth covered her nipple, his teeth scraping the peak and making her heart race and her breath come out in gasps.

"I want you now, Sabrina!" he said roughly and stood up, carrying her with him.

Sabrina threw her arms around his neck while he carried her into his bedroom. Her mouth found his neck and repeated his actions to his own neck. It was an incredible feeling to hear him moan just as she had done earlier.

He laid her down in the middle of his bed and Sabrina looked around, fear welling up inside her. She looked around at the darkened room and shivered, but this time it wasn't from what he was doing to her since he was busy unbuttoning his shirt.

He saw the shadow pass over her eyes and stopped, his hands freezing on the buttons of his shirt. "Sabrina, what's wrong?" he asked, leaning down over her with his arms keeping his weight off her slender body. "Tell me why you're afraid now when moments before you were crying out for me, begging me not to stop."

Sabrina bit her lip and reached up to touch him again. "I'm sorry Sid. If you'll just keep kissing me, I won't be nervous," she explained, her fingers caressing his cheek.

Sid watched her, a thought moving through his brain quickly, only to be discarded as too preposterous. But when he continued to watch her, the thought popped back to his head. "Sabrina, you wouldn't happen to be a virgin, are you?" he asked, his voice gravelly as the reality hit him. He tensed, waiting for her answer.

"Is that so bad?" she asked, her voice not very strong. He looked like he was going to explode when she confirmed his suspicions. "I'm sorry," she said, a tear forming in her eye and she started to wiggle away, embarrassed.

Sid was having none of that. He was too stunned by both the realization that no man had ever touched her the way he wanted to right at this moment, and every other moment of the day. As well as the knowledge that she was entrusting him with her first time.

He pulled her back underneath him and put his weight down on her when she continued to struggle. "Sabrina stop," he demanded when she started to push him away. "Don't do that," he said and pulled her hands up over her head.

Since she couldn't get away from him, she turned her face to the side, unable to look him in the eye with the embarrassment tormenting her. "Please let me go," she whispered. She'd always thought her first time with a man would be incredible and wonderful. And with Sid, she'd been anticipating just that. Had, in fact, been heading in that direction. Good grief, she told herself between sniffs, if she'd just been able to hide her silly nervousness, she might not be in this horrible situation now.

"I'm not letting you go now or ever, Sabrina," he growled and kissed her gently on the lips.

Sabrina couldn't deny him when he was so gentle and her head turned back just as a flower needs the rain and sun. "Then we're still going to...." She started to say but couldn't speak the words.

Sid only chuckled at her inability to use sexual conversation. "Yes. We're still going to make love." He waited until her eyes lit up again and her body relaxed. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but we're going to wait until we're married," he finally said.

She stilled completely and opened her eyes. She looked up at him, her mouth still swollen from his kisses and her body vibrating with need but he looked serious. "You're kidding, right?" she demanded, worried that he wasn't.

Sid shook his head and smiled at her stunned expression. "Didn't you hear me earlier when I asked you how soon we could be married?"

She thought back to moments earlier. They'd been on the couch and he had said something, but it hadn't broken through. The words slowly came back to her and she looked up at him. "Married?"

"Yes, will you marry me?" he asked, and pulled a small, square box out of his pocket. "I'd like you to be my wife, Sabrina."

She looked at the ring, then up at his eyes. "Because I'm a virgin?" she asked, terrified of his answer.

"No," he chuckled. "I want you because you'll be the perfect wife and I want you beside me. I'd be proud to have you as my wife."

It wasn't a declaration of undying love but would Sid ever be able to say words like that? She couldn't see him uttering words of love but did she really need that? He cared for her, obviously or he wouldn't have stopped tonight. And he definitely wanted her. She could feel that on her leg right now.

Sabrina looked at the incredibly beautiful ring, her smile growing as her own love for him started to blossom out of control, welling up inside her and threatening to choke her. And if that's the way she had to die, she could expire happily.

Throwing her arms around his neck, she hugged him tightly. "Oh, yes!" she gasped, wanting to laugh out loud with her happiness. "Oh, Sid! I can't believe this! You want to marry me?"

"This is what I've been trying to get you to understand for the past week," he said, accepting her laughter and affection. He pulled her on top of him, enjoying the way her body fit perfectly against his. He gritted his teeth when he felt her soft, voluptuous breasts pressing against his chest. She had no idea what she could do to him, he realized. That was a good thing though. He didn't want her to ever have the upper hand in this relationship. It was bad enough that he'd have to wait until his wedding night before making love to her.

"No long engagement though," he warned her. "I want this thing done with all due speed. Understand?" he said and rolled her back underneath him, unable to take that position for too long without acting upon her enticing wiggles of excitement.

"Oh, yes! Of course," she laughed. She glanced at her new diamond ring once again and then reached out to hug him. "Oh, Sid! How amazing! I can't wait to tell my parents. They'll love you."

Chapter 6

"Sid?" she whispered into the receiver?

"Sabrina? What's wrong?" Sid demanded, instantly awake.

"Nothing's wrong. I just wanted to share something with you if you're up for it," she said through the phone, still whispering despite the fact that he was obviously awake.

Her words relaxed him somewhat but he was still tense, wondering why she would be calling him so early. And frustrated. Just hearing her voice made his body react instantly and he was aching, hard and ready for her. The soft, husky whispers of her voice were only compounding the problem. "What time is it?" he asked, glancing out the window. "It's still dark outside, Sabrina."

"I know. It's a little before five in the morning. And if it's too early for you, I'll understand."

Sid pulled himself to a sitting position and pushed the pillows behind his head. He normally would be waking in a half hour anyway. What was a little less time sleeping when he had a beautiful red-head to wake up to? If only she were next to him instead of snuggled in her own bed miles away. "Okay, I'm awake. What's going on?"

"Oh, I can't tell you. I'll pick you up."

"What for?" he said, smothering a yawn as he smiled indulgently at her still whispering voice.

"It's a surprise."

Sid sighed. "Okay, let me get this straight. You want to take me somewhere, but you won't tell me where or why and it's still dark outside. I'm guessing it has to be illegal, otherwise, there'd be no reason to get up this early."

Sabrina chuckled at his quip. "Nothing illegal about it, I promise. Now get out of bed and I'll pick you up in fifteen minutes."

"You have to do me a favor first."

"What's that?"

"Tell me what you're wearing," he said.

There was silence on the other end of the line. "Sabrina? Are you still there?"

"Yes," she said hesitantly. "What are you wearing? I need some sort of motivation to come get you at this ungodly hour of the morning."

"I can't. And I'll come get you."

"Oh, this must be good, and you must tell me," he said, his voice turning husky and his body instantly alert to all the possibilities. "And don't lie."

"Sid, really, there isn't time."

"Exactly so you'd better hurry up and tell me, in detail."

"You're a very naughty man, do you know that?"

"Yes, and all of my thoughts are centered around picturing what you're wearing. So tell me quickly before my mind comes up with something far worse than you could possibly be wearing."

"Sid..."

"You're stalling. Is it a sexy negligee that's split up the side in flaming red silk?"

Sabrina laughed again. "No. Absolutely not."

"Hmm...pity. So what is it? What does the lovely Sabrina sleep in at night?"

"Sid..."

"I'm going to find out sooner or later. You might as well let me know now."

"Just a camisole," she finally said.

"Nothing else? Any underwear?"

"Of course!" she gasped.

Sid chuckled and it was a deep, throaty laugh that warmed her skin through the lines, actually making her blush. "Okay, that's good enough for now. I'll pick you up in a few minutes," he said and hung up the phone.

Sabrina rushed out of bed and pulled on a pair of jeans and a tee shirt. She only took enough time to run a brush through her hair and run down the stairs to make some coffee for the two of them.

She was just putting the tops on two thermos's of coffee when she heard the soft rumble of his Maserati pull up in her driveway. She rushed outside, pulling a sweater over her shoulders as she jumped into his car.

"Where to?" he asked, taking a grateful sip of the offered coffee. He was surprised when he realized that it was his favorite brew. He considered it very thoughtful of her to have gotten and made it for him. "Thank you," he said, feeling awkward but touched.

"You're welcome. Head out highway nine, going East," she said, smiling broadly.

"East?" he asked, waiting for additional information on their destination.

"Yes," she said, smiling but not giving him any more details.

He looked at her cute, impertinent expression and had to laugh. She was becoming relaxed enough around him to challenge him. That had to be a good thing, he told himself. Turning back to the road, he shook his head, stunned that he would want a woman who would challenge him like this. "East it is," he said and put the car into reverse. They headed out of the city, the powerful car eating up the miles quickly. She gave him directions to a smaller road off the main highway she'd found several months ago.

"Just park right here," she said softly, pointing to a small turn in the road. The sky was just lightening slightly by this time. "We're right on time."

Sid pulled off the road and took another sip of his coffee. "What are we on time for?" he asked, looking at his watch. He'd been up for less than thirty minutes and he realized that even this early in the morning, he wanted her with an intensity that shocked him. Perhaps it was the idea that she had been sleeping in nothing more than a skimpy cotton top and panties only thirty minutes ago. Or maybe it was her fresh face with no makeup that looked alive and vivacious. Whatever the reason, this tiny woman's body sitting patiently beside him was more temptation than he was able to withstand.

"You'll see," she said evasively.

"So we have a while before something happens?" he asked.

Sabrina nodded and took a sip of coffee.

"Well, then, if we have time to spare," he said and turned to her, bending slowly down to her, gently touching his lips to hers.

Sabrina had been waiting for this to happen ever since he'd turned off the engine. She'd known it would happen. Was even hoping it would. But even previous experience couldn't hide the shock she felt each time Sid kissed her. It was as if his lips were filled with electricity and it sparked through her mouth and flared to life inside her body each time he touched her.

Sabrina could feel the desire spring to life in her stomach and groaned, one hand reaching up to touch the side of his face, his hair and to feel the warmth of his skin under her fingertips. She moaned slightly when he deepened the kiss....

Sabrina pulled away when she felt the light coming over the horizon. "It's happening," she whispered.

Sid raised one eyebrow, not understanding her meaning.

"The sunrise," she explained, smiling shyly at him.

"Ah," he said, not bothering to look in front of him, enjoying the view of her lovely face instead.

Sabrina sat back in the soft leather seat and was almost holding her breath as she watched the sun creep over the horizon. The desert flared to life, the rocks and plants seeming to dance as the sun shattered the darkness, bringing light and life to the barren land.

"Isn't it beautiful?" she asked, not taking her eyes from the horizon.

Sid glanced out the front windshield and had to admit that it was amazingly dramatic. He saw the sunrise each morning while he worked out but it was different here in the desert without the lights of the strip to hinder the drama. The light fragments created a scene that was indescribable. He watched with hidden awe as the sun rose over the horizon and lit up the night, changing it to soft morning.

As the scene unfolded, he turned and was more mesmerized by the changes in Sabrina. She was quiet and awestruck by the scene unfolding. When the sun lit up the rocks in front of her, a tear trickled down her cheek. She tried to circumspectly wipe the tear away but he'd already seen the telltale sign and a lump formed in his throat.

She turned to him, the tears brimming over the edge of her eyelids and she gave him a watery smile. "Isn't it fantastic?"

"Sure is," he replied, but he was talking about her and not the sunrise, although it was pretty spectacular.

Once the sun was higher over the horizon, she took a deep breath, pulled a tissue out of her pocket and wiped her eyes. "Okay, now we can start the day," she announced.

Sid nodded his head and turned over the engine. He was just about to put it into reverse when he stopped. Glancing at her profile, he leaned over and gently kissed her soft lips. "Thank you for sharing this with me," he said.

Sabrina's face seemed to light up and she glowed with pleasure at his comment. "You're welcome," she said, slightly breathless. "Thanks for coming with me," she laughed.

"Let's get some breakfast." He put the car in reverse and got back onto the highway. Within minutes, he was pulling into a diner that he knew from his past served great meals. "Ready?" he asked.

She glanced at the name of the diner and shook her head. "How do you know about this place?" she asked, her surprise apparent on her face. "This is one of my favorite restaurants. I didn't think many people from the city knew about it."

He glanced out the windshield, then shrugged his shoulders dismissively. "I'm sure they don't. It's probably a well kept secret only the natives of this area know about."

That was an interesting piece of information, Sabrina thought, getting out of the car. "Were you born here?" she asked, jumping on the first piece of personal information he'd ever volunteered. Until this moment, Sabrina hadn't realized how little she knew about this man's past. It was odd to know so much about a man, to respect him so deeply because of his present dynamic ambition and personal integrity, but to not know anything about what made him who he is. And add onto that, the fact that she'd agreed to share her life, love and body with him, it added a whole new dimension to his character. That she was willing to commit to him so completely and not know about his past, meant she was really in love with him. Not knowing enough about a man had been one of her arguments against becoming intimate with some of her previous boyfriends but it didn't really matter with Sid. She loved him, regardless of who he was ten or twenty years ago.

"I've lived in many places, this is just one of them," he said and came around to the other side of the car, as if he were protecting her from oncoming traffic or other pedestrians. It was a very sweet gesture and Sabrina appreciated it, even though it was a small issue.

"Where were you born?" she asked, stepping onto the curb but not going into the restaurant.

"No place special," he said, looking down at her.

Sabrina understood that this probably wasn't a topic he wanted to discuss. His features were set in stone and there was no emotion showing in his eyes that were usually her gauge to his mood. "Why is your birthplace a secret?" she asked. "Most people take pride in where they were born."

Sid knew she was just curious and wasn't trying to pry into his private life. But his past was one thing he never discussed with anyone. "It just isn't very interesting," was all he would say. "Where were you born?" he asked, changing the focus away from himself.

Sabrina understood his need for privacy but desperately wanted to know more about this man she had agreed to marry. "Virginia, in a small town outside of Washington, D.C." she replied without hesitation, showing him that answering personal questions wasn't so difficult.

"Was your sister born there as well?" he asked, guiding her into the restaurant and into a booth toward the back. He handed her a menu but didn't bother to take one himself. He knew what he wanted. He'd eaten here several times before.

"Yep. Most people from that area are military so there aren't many who can claim to have lived there for long. But we lived in the same house since I was born. My parents still live there."

His interest was apparent as his features opened up as she talked. "Really? What about your neighbors? Were they always around?"

She shrugged slightly, thinking back to some of the sad times in her life when her friends had to leave when their parents found jobs in different states. "Some of them, but many moved around. I was always jealous. I hated being the one that was left behind. It seemed so boring and unexciting. I wanted to move to a new house, have a new room and meet new friends. It took me about ten years just to convince my parents to let me paint my bedroom walls. They painted them pink when I was born but by the time I was in elementary school, pink wasn't cool."

Sid smiled but he disagreed with her thoughts about moving. Having moved almost every year from the time he was born until he finished college, he hated changing residences. He'd never moved out of the state. Hell, he'd never even moved farther than five miles outside of Vegas. But he'd always wanted the white picket fence and a stable home. "Sounds nice," was all he said.

They ate a huge breakfast of eggs, sausage and pancakes with a large pot of coffee. Sabrina enjoyed talking with him, asking him questions and laughing at his dry humor. He asked so many questions about her, her past, the men she'd dated, her sister and her parents, but more importantly in her mind was when he asked about her opinion on various subjects. It was different than the first dinner they'd had together. He shared his opinions with her, agreeing at times, but not always. The times that he didn't agree, he respected her point of view.

Sabrina was almost sad when he dropped her off at her house that morning. As she showered, she savored the feeling of his lips when he'd kissed her goodbye. She'd asked him inside, shyly telling him that she didn't want him to leave. But he declined after kissing her passionately. She loved the fact that he appeared just as affected by their kisses as she was. It made things much less scary to know that the passion was mutual. Chapter 7

"This is it," Sabrina said, looking at her sister in the mirror. "Do I look okay?"

Nina smiled gently at her sister in the mirror. "You look stunning," she said, bending down to fluff the train of Sabrina's wedding dress slightly. "Sid is going to be amazed when he takes a look at you. You truly look like a fairy princess."

"Do you think it is too much? There's only the six of us," she said nervously, smoothing her skirt down over her hips. more sedate for a small wedding like this. sense," she thought out loud.

"I probably should have gone for something

A simple white suit would have made more

Nina stood up and shook her head in response. "You've always wanted a big wedding with lots of your friends and family around and the big white dress, beautiful cake and lots of ceremony," Nina said, turning away to fiddle with something on the table behind her. "There was no need to settle for anything less just because it's smaller than you were anticipating. This is your dream. You should live it to the fullest and not care what anyone else thinks."

"Yes, but I don't think Sid wants that," Sabrina said, biting her lip nervously. "I won't look silly?" she asked, nerves building inside of her unexpectedly. She'd been deliriously happy over the past week as she prepared for her wedding day and making sure that all the events would be taken care of at the resort while she went on her honeymoon with Sid. It was all so miraculous, she could hardly believe it was actually happening.

Nina turned back to face her sister and shook her head emphatically. "I can guarantee that you look beautiful and there is nothing silly about wanting to look like a princess for your wedding." She handed Sabrina the pink roses tied together with pink ribbon, then picked up her own white roses. "You're going to enjoy today. I can guarantee it," she smiled to her sister.

Sabrina looked down at the full wedding dress with a small, princess train and layers of chiffon floating around her. She wasn't wearing a veil but her bodice was encrusted with pearls, making her feel pretty and special. "You're right," she said, gaining back some of her confidence. "A girl only gets married once, doesn't she?" she said, then bit her lip again. She'd feel so much more confident if Sid loved her the way she loved him. And if she understood him. The man's past was a veritable vault, locked away without any hope of being opened in the near future. And no matter how much she told herself it didn't matter, there was something that was wrong and she couldn't put her finger on it.

She got the impression from his closed features that he might possibly be ashamed of his past. But how could that be the case? What could one small boy have done that he would be ashamed of decades later? And what could possibly be so horrible that what he'd accomplished now didn't matter more in the larger picture of one's life? Nothing was so desperate that it diminished one's current contributions.

The past didn't matter, she told herself, trying to find confidence from her inner voice. She loved him for who he is now and whatever had happened in the past only made him stronger and more loveable. She would wait for him to discover that she could be trusted with his secrets.

"What's wrong?" Nina asked softly, laying a hand on Sabrina's shoulder.

Sabrina's gaze caught her sister's worried eyes in the mirror. She decided to confide in her sister. They'd never had secrets before and now wasn't the time to start, she told herself. "Sid has never said he loves me," she explained, more of her anxiety coming out than she'd intended.

Nina's face remained impassive when she said, "If you think there is something wrong, we can just walk out of here now. You don't have to go through with the wedding."

Sabrina shook her head emphatically, horrified at the idea of walking out on the man. Not for anything he might do to her. Sabrina had absolute confidence that Sid would never hurt her physically. But she just couldn't hurt him by doing something so callous. He was a good, sweet man underneath all the layers of arrogance. She just knew it and had to keep reminding herself of that fact. "No. I'd never do that to Sid. He needs me," she said, sure of nothing else. "Besides, I have enough love for the two of us," she said with more feeling. "And he cares for me. I know that even if he doesn't. It will have to be enough for now."

"How do you know he cares for you?"

Sabrina smiled dreamily, staring at her reflection in the mirror. "Because he's the one that insisted I get a full dress. I was just going to get something simple but he had several dresses flown in from Paris. I only had to choose and then a seamstress was standing by to make the adjustments."

Nina accepted that his actions spoke volumes. But that didn't diminish her worry that the man was going to hurt her sister. She tried to push her own cynicism regarding the goodness of men aside as she considered her sister's situation. "Yes. I'll concede that he cares about you. But are you sure that's enough? Are you positive about this? He can't make you marry him if you have any reservations. To some people, getting married isn't a big deal but to you and me, its hugely significant and shouldn't be stepped into unless you're absolutely sure that this is the right path to take."

Sabrina hesitated for only a moment before nodding her head. "Yes. I'm sure. I love him. There's nothing else I can do," she explained. "Now don't be so pessimistic. Things will be fine." Sabrina pulled her younger sister into a hug, then stepped back to pick up her bouquet of soft, pink roses. "Now let's go walk down that aisle," she said.

Sabrina's enthusiasm and resumption of her confidence convinced Nina that her older sister knew what she was getting into. "Dad's about to burst his buttons, he's so proud of you," Nina said, laughing in excitement. "So come on. Let's get this over with. I know there's a great meal on the way and I'm starving," she said.

Sabrina laughed. "You're always hungry," she said but linked her arm through her sister's and headed out of Sid's beautiful bedroom. He'd given it up for her to change today and had made all the other arrangements, including putting her house on the market and making sure all of her items would be packed up and moved into his penthouse while they were on their honeymoon.

The doors opened to let Nina walk down the aisle, then the wedding march started up.

"That's our cue," her father said, smiling down at her. "You look beautiful," he said and kissed her gently on the cheek. "I can't believe what a gentleman you're marrying," he said grumpily.

Sabrina knew that her father's grouchy tone was a ruse to mask his emotions that were currently running high. "Thanks dad," she said smiling back up at him and tweaking his cheek gently. "He's a great man and I can't wait until you have more of a chance to get to know him better."

The doors opened to the chapel and Sabrina gasped in surprise. What she'd assumed was going to be a small wedding turned out to be a huge affair. All her friends from Virginia were smiling at her along the aisles, and her co-workers were dressed in their finest as they waved to her. It was as if the entire hotel staff was packed into the chapel.

Whatever doubts Sabrina had over this wedding were eliminated at this sweet gesture. How had he known that she'd want a big wedding? It was too amazing.

Looking down the aisle at the man standing by the minister, her heart swelled with love and she hoped that every emotion was showing through her eyes. This man needed her. He barely shared anything from his past with her so she had no idea what made him who he is today, but he would eventually. And maybe he'd come to love her a little bit.

Moments later, her father was handing her off to Sid and she caught her breath. She only half listened to the words of the service, her whole body shaking with excitement as Sid stood next to her, his warm hands holding her cold ones and she couldn't believe how much she loved him. This man was too wonderful, too sexy to be her husband but, within a short time, the minister's voice claimed that he was. She tried to stop the tears from falling down her cheeks but she was just too touched by the enigmatic man standing next to her.

The minister's deep, resonant voice confidently spoke the final words of the marriage ceremony. "I now pronounce you husband and wife," he declared. He turned to Sid and smiled broadly. "You may now kiss the bride."

Sid didn't wait another moment. He faced Sabrina and pulled her so she was facing him. Then with a satisfaction so deep, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her. The fierce need to possess her completely almost blinded him when their lips touched but the deafening applause reminded him that over half of the hotel staff had shown up for the bloody ceremony. He almost regretted inviting so many people to the wedding but then he remembered the glow of happiness and surprise that had taken over her face when she realized all of her friends had shown up and he pushed his resentment away. This was her day and if it made her happy to have so many people invading their space, then so be it. He'd endure it, just for her.

They turned to face the crowd and he pulled her hand through the crook of his arm. The crowd's cheers became even louder as Sabrina smiled broadly to everyone, waving to her friends and family.

Normally, Sid would be irritated by not having her full attention. It was something he'd grown to like about her. More often than not, the women he escorted would want to make sure that the crowds were looking at them as if he were some sort of prize stud. But Sabrina actually snuggled closer each time the crowds tried to pull her away from him. That alone gave him the strength to slow down and allow her the time to greet her friends. She was polite, he'd give her that. As the crowds exited, she had a kind word to say to every member of the staff, even knowing their names. It was astonishing that she knew everyone. Hell, he paid these people and he didn't know half of them. Not only did she know them, she knew about their families, wives, husbands and children.

Each time one of her friends came up to them, she was careful to introduce them to him and explain how they knew each other. It was as if she wanted him to become their friend as well, which he didn't have the heart to tell her was an impossibility. She could trust these people all she wanted. He wasn't going down that route. He'd been there before and had been burned. Life had taught him well. But no one would hurt Sabrina. He'd make sure of it. And if any of them tried, he would be there when they let her down, he told himself grimly.

The evening wore on and the food was good, the wine and champagne continued to flow and it seemed that everyone was having a wonderful time. Except for him. Sid watched as she danced with her father, her friends, even groups of people. He'd had the traditional first dance with her but ever since, he'd left her alone to have a good time. He never let her out of his sight though and now, four hours after the reception had started, he wanted to haul her into his arms and take her upstairs. He wanted her. He'd waited weeks for her. Hell, he'd waited months if he started counting at the interview when he'd first hired her.

"I can't believe you've been this patient, old man," Zeke said, walking up and slapping Sid on the back while handing him a glass of bourbon. "What are you waiting for?"

Sid looked across the room at his new wife and wondered the same thing himself. But he saw her smile at her friends, laugh at something they said and he sighed. "She's having a good time. I don't want to disappoint her."

Sid pulled his eyes away from his wife for a moment to look at his brother. That's when he noticed the intense look Zeke was shooting across the room. Sid's eyes followed the line of sight to find Sabrina's younger, but taller and definitely more sophisticated sister leaning against the wall, sipping champagne and talking with some women he'd met earlier but had no idea what their names were.

Sid looked back at his brother and smiled, his first in several hours. "What are you waiting for?" he asked, tossing the question right back at him.

Zeke tore his eyes away from the sultry brunette and took a long swallow of his own glass of bourbon, hissing as the liquid slipped down his throat. "Patience. I'm wearing her down," he said. "She wants me," he laughed.

Sid glanced back across the room and noted that the pretty woman was indeed staring back but when she saw him looking, she quickly glanced away. Her body language told him she was angry but he had no idea why. "Be careful, baby bro," Sid said. "If you hurt my wife's sister, I might be called out to do some bodily harm."

Zeke smiled engagingly. "I'd love to see you try!"

Sid laughed. "Been a long time since we've had a good brawl, hasn't it?" he asked.

Zeke nodded back, chuckling under his breath. "It sure has. But we're not going to fight over women. They aren't worth it. Besides, there are so many other things I'd rather do with, or rather to, women."

"That one in particular?" Sid asked, nodding toward the woman shooting daggers at his younger brother.

"Absolutely," he said. "And it's time to make a move."

Sid slapped him on the shoulder. "From the glares you're getting, I'd wager that you've already started that little battle. Would I be right?"

Zeke nodded and laughed. "Are you kidding? Look at her! She's the most gorgeous woman in the room."

"Second," Sid corrected. "And I wish you luck, baby bro. In the meantime, I'm going to steal my wife from these strangers and take her off with me." down on the table beside him. "I wish you luck with your hunting. She's a tigress from what I've heard. She protects her older sister like a momma lion," he cautioned.

He put his glass But be warned.

"I've already experienced her claws," he tossed back.

Sid was mildly surprised that there was female that had actually met Zeke and would still be shooting daggers at him. Zeke had a special way with women. He was charming and likeable and treated his latest woman as if she were a princess. They never lasted long but each tried hard to engage his interest for more than a month or two. But at the moment, he was more interested in treating his new wife like a princess, or more specifically, as his princess.

He walked purposefully across the room, his demeanor causing the people to part without question and make way for him. Sid ignored the knowing smiles, simply because they were right. He was going to make love to his wife and anyone who stopped him would be in trouble. Might even be fired in his current mood. He wanted Sabrina alone. Immediately.

Sabrina felt the hairs on the nape of her neck stand up and she knew that Sid was coming. Her breathing started coming in shallow gasps and she turned around slowly. Sure enough, the people were moving out of his way as he walked across the ballroom.

Goodness he was magnificent, she thought. His shoulders were so broad and he looked like some sort of god in that tuxedo. How could she be so lucky to actually be married to this man? Her heartbeat increased and she could feel her body responding to just his look.

She was prepared for him to take her hand and walk her out of the room as quickly as possible. He was always so dignified and ceremonious she knew he'd be polite, but determined. So when he bent down and picked her up into his arms, she was so surprised that she threw her arms around his neck, holding on as he carried her out of the ballroom. The crowd cheered and Sabrina buried her face in his neck, embarrassed but feeling very wanted right at the moment.

He walked quickly across the hotel lobby to the private elevators. He didn't even put her down as he slid the card down the entry reader. The doors closed almost instantly and they were finally alone, the elevator whisking them up to the penthouse. But Sabrina was completely unaware of any of that since Sid was kissing her, her legs sliding down his body.

The doors opened and she was again lifted into his strong arms and carried into his bedroom. There, he set her onto her feet then stepped back to throw his tuxedo jacket onto the floor, uncaring of the crumpled heap.

"Sid?" she asked, her body starting to shake. But it wasn't out of fear this time. It was out of need.

"Don't be afraid," he groaned, pulling her back into his arms. "I won't hurt you," he said softly but his voice was husky with his own need.

"I'm not afraid," she said. "I know you'll be wonderful."

Sid pulled back and leaned his forehead against hers. "Then what's wrong?" he asked.

She smiled up at him, putting her hands on his shoulders and slipping her fingers underneath the black suspenders. "Nothing is wrong," she said, her smile faltering as he groaned. "Is that wrong?" she asked, quickly pulling her hands away.

"No!" he said quickly and grabbed her hands back, putting them against his chest. "Please, feel free to do anything you'd like," he said, and put his own hands on her waist.

"Anything?" she asked, licking her suddenly dry lips.

"Absolutely anything," he said, his hands moving to her back and massaging the tense muscles there.

She answered him by pulling his tie, then tossing it behind her. Then her long fingers started working on the buttons of his shirt, releasing them one by one to her curious touch. "I want to touch you the way you always touch me," she said in almost a whisper.

"Good, then just imitate me," he said, his fingers sliding the satin buttons through the loops on her back. He was very efficient and soon had the buttons completely undone while she was still working on the front of his shirt.

"Do you want some help?" he asked.

She shook her head and concentrated, but his hands found the skin underneath her dress and she had to close her eyes as the feelings washed over her. She shivered as his hands moved slowly down her back, then moved up to her shoulders again and pushed the pearl encrusted fabric down her arms. He pushed the dress down, then lifted her up and out, placing her next to the bed. She was now dressed only in her bra, panties and thigh high stockings and shoes.

Sabrina tried to be brave as she stood before him but a part of her wanted the security of her clothes. Then she looked up into his face and saw the heat in his eyes as he took in her pale skin underneath the lace of her underwear.

"You're beautiful," he said, his voice hoarse. He reached up to touch the lace laying against her breast and she inhaled sharply, her knees almost giving out on her.

"Sid!" she called out and her hands reached up to work on his buttons again, her fingers shaking violently this time.

Sid wasn't just standing still and making her task easy though. His hands pulled her against his strong body and she could feel his erection against her stomach. The feeling made her both weak and strong and she loved the fact that this man wanted her so intensely. "Let me help you," he said and quickly worked the buttons on his shirt, tossing the clips onto the bedside table. His shirt came next and when he was standing in front of her without it, Sabrina's mouth formed an "O" in amazement. "You're beautiful too," she said, her hands tentatively touching the strong muscles in his stomach, fascinated as they rippled under her fingers.

Sid watched as she moved her hands against his heated skin. Her light, tentative touch almost killed him. It was as if she'd never seen a man's chest before and then he remembered that his new wife probably hadn't touched a man's chest before. He knew she was a virgin but even virgin's had experimented a little. But probably not Sabrina. That thought was so powerful, he wanted to lift her up and push his body into her soft flesh, branding her with his possession but he also knew he'd have to take this slowly, carefully so he wouldn't hurt her. She was so delicate, he thought. He'd rather die than hurt her in any way.

When her fingers trailed down to the edge of his slacks though, he had to pull her hands away. "You can't do that yet," he warned then bent down to lay her onto the bed. His hand quickly divested her of her bra and panties but left her stockings on. Within moments, he joined her on the bed, his heated gaze taking in her naked body slightly beneath his.

His mouth touched hers, trying to move slowly but she wasn't having that. Her hands reached out for his shoulders, pulling him down on top of her and Sid was all for that. He wanted to feel her breasts against his chest, to feel her body against his. He still had his slacks on but as he kissed her, his knee moved between her legs. He almost groaned in pain when her legs moved to give him room, letting him settle exactly where he wanted to be.

He tore his mouth from hers and moved down her neck, kissing and nibbling until he reached his goal and then he waited, watching her nipple harden under his gaze before he even touched her. Then he slowly took her breast into his mouth, suckling gently, then lifting his head to blow on the hardened peak. He heard her cries of pleasure and moved his hands down her waist as his mouth continued to suckle. His fingers moved along the outside of her hip, her thigh, his mouth moved to her other breast while his hands moved to the inside of her thigh, then closer to the curls that hid her femininity.

Sid almost lost control when he felt how wet she was, how ready for him. He wanted to dive into her, feel her close around his painfully hard shaft but he held back, letting his fingers slide into her tight sheath while his mouth moved from her breasts down her stomach, nibbling on the smooth body and then lower.

"Sid?"

"Trust me," he said and it wasn't a question. It was an order.

Sabrina's foggy mind registered this only moments before his mouth closed over her most private part. When she felt his mouth, her whole body sat up. Then she felt his tongue and her back fell back against the bed, her screams of shock and delight ripping out of her while her hands held onto his head, her fingers clenching at his hair. She wasn't sure if she was pulling him away or keeping him there but her body didn't care. Within moments, her whole mind and body splintered into a million pieces as the waves of orgasm crashed over her.

When she was able to breathe again, she opened her eyes to find Sid staring down at her, a heated look in his eyes and her body reacted. "Thank you!" she said with emotion. "I never knew..." she started, unable to finish the sentence.

Sid grinned slowly. "I know."

"But what about you?" she asked, her face flaming as she realized that he was still hard and ready for her.

"There's still more," he said as his hand moved up her hip.

"More?" she asked, both amazed and exhilarated. She laughed softly but her body moved underneath his hand. "I don't know if I can take any more."

"Don't worry," Sid said, moving on top of her and covering his body with hers. "I'll make sure you're with me the whole way," he said before bending down to take her mouth with his.

And sure enough, Sabrina was caught up once again in the whirlwind. As Sid's body moved against hers, the feelings she'd just experience started increasing again. And then she felt his manhood against her thigh and her body shivered in both fear and anticipation.

Without her knowing what she was doing, she moved her legs up against his, one knee coming up to rest against his hip, giving his erection the perfect opportunity to explore.

She felt his fingers again and her breath caught in her throat. "Sid?" she asked, nervous suddenly.

"Don't worry," he said, his breathing ragged. "I'll take care of you."

He probed her opening and found her wet and ready. Taking her hands in his, he raised them up over her head. "Look at me Sabrina," he said and waited until she complied. "You're my wife," he said hoarsely. "Do you understand?" he asked.

"Yes!" she said and a moment later, he slid smoothly into her opening. There was a small moment of pain, more like a pop than anything else, before he was buried inside her. The moment was too wonderful and Sabrina pulled her hands free of his grasp so she could hold onto his shoulders.

The feelings she'd felt earlier were nothing compared to the pinnacle she reached this time. Sid's body moving inside her made her entire being climax. She closed her eyes, crying out with the pleasure that poured over her like molten lava, her legs wrapped tightly around his waist. "I love you, Sid," she called out, overwhelmed and more satisfied that she could ever think of being. Sid's orgasm followed moments later and together, they drifted back to the present in each other's arms.

Chapter 8

Four weeks later, Sabrina was floating on cloud nine as they traveled back from Europe together on Zeke's private plane. They'd spent a week each in London, Rome, Venice and Paris. Sid showed her around the amazingly beautiful sights of the city, fed her fabulous foods and exquisite wines. But the nights were the best. Each night, Sid took her into his arms and showed her how to make love in so many ways she had lost track. Each moment with Sid was more amazing than the one before and Sabrina was completely, helplessly in love with her new husband.

Each morning, she would wake up to find a small jewelry box on the pillow beside her. Sid was usually gone from the room but she could always hear him talking on the phone or typing on his computer. She would pick up the jewelry box and open it up and each piece was more spectacular than the one before.

One morning when he gave her an incredible diamond necklace, she threw on the peach silk robe and walked out to the hotel terrace where he was sipping orange juice and reading the newspaper. "Sid, you've got to stop this," she said, laying the box on the table beside the pot of coffee.

"Stop what?" he asked his eyes moving up her slender body to see underneath the sensuous silk robe she was just belting. But he pulled her down onto his lap instead of letting her sit in the chair beside him. He nuzzled her neck and tossed the paper onto the table. "Kissing you?" he suggested.

She wriggled deeper into his lap, throwing her arms around him. "No. Not that," she said, shivering as his mouth moved to her ear lobe.

"What would you like me to stop doing? This?" he suggested, his hand moving from her waist to her breast, pushing the peach silk aside as his thumb flicked the hardened nipple, making her groan in response.

"No," she gasped.

"You're going to have to explain, Sabrina. I'm running out of ideas on what you don't want me to do," he said and slid his hand beneath her silk robe. Without any effort, he lifted her up so she was straddling him instead of laying across his lap. "I want you to be open with me. Tell me what you don't like" he said. He pulled the silk off her shoulders easily, leaving Sabrina completely naked in the early morning sunlight of their Paris balcony.

He reached behind her, fumbling with something as his mouth captured her breast in his hot mouth. A moment later, she felt the coolness of the diamonds and platinum against her bare skin as Sid latched the diamonds around her neck.

"You look stunning," he said, leaning back in his chair. "You should always wear diamonds to breakfast."

Sabrina sat across his legs with nothing on but the diamond necklace. She watched him in surprise as he ran a finger down her stomach, sipping coffee nonchallantly.

"What are your plans for the day?" he asked as if he were discussing the weather.

Sabrina shook her head, shivering with need and not sure exactly how to get him to finish what he'd started. "Sid?" she asked, her hands moving to his bare shoulders. He was only wearing silk boxers at the moment but she licked her lips as she reviewed her options. "Please!" she begged.

"Please what?" he asked, his fingers trailing down her thighs, then up the inside, stopping just before he reached the core of her being.

She could feel his erection and knew that he was just as aroused as she was but still too embarrassed to tell him what she wanted. But he was going to force it out of her and a part of her was excited by that as well. "I want..." she started only to falter and bite her lip in embarrassment.

Sid took pity on her and leaned forward again. "Tell me," he said. "Or show me. I want you to know that you can say anything you want," he explained.

He lifted her up and quickly discarded his silk boxers. "Show me Sabrina," he encouraged.

A moment later, she heard the harsh intake of his breath as her soft hands tentatively captured his erection. "Anything?" she asked.

"Absolutely," he said between clenched teeth. "Anything that you'd like."

Sabrina slipped off his lap and bent down between his knees. Taking him into her mouth carefully, she tested him, tasted him, enjoyed the power she currently had over him as she did to him everything he'd been doing to her. It wasn't long before she was hauled up, back onto his lap but her legs were on either side of his thighs now. "You're a fast learner," he said a moment before he entered her, strong and powerful. Sabrina watched in fascination as she controlled the pace for as long as he'd let her. Then he took over, clasping her hips, moving her in ways she'd never done before, reaching the heights of orgasm quickly and with complete satisfaction before she collapsed onto his chest.

"I think you need something to wear with that necklace," he said when their breathing had finally stilled.

She laughed and shook her head. "No I don't," she replied. In the end, he won the argument. They spent the rest of the day shopping for clothes for her. It was wonderful fun as they walked into the various boutiques and while Sid sat in a chair, Sabrina was led to a dressing area and items were brought to her for her review. She would then show off the outfits to Sid who either nodded or shook his head, depending on the outfit. It was a very different experience from her other shopping experiences and she was amazed at how their tastes in clothes were so close. Until it came to the underwear. Sid pulled her into the store before she knew what they sold and as soon as she saw the lacy apparel, she tried to pull him back out, her face red with embarrassment even as the salesperson strolled confidently up to them.

It was another case where Sid could sit in a chair while she modeled the items but Sabrina absolutely refused. So instead, Sid chose all of the clothes, picking up lacy, see through, delicate items that both excited and embarrassed her. When they reached their hotel that night, she did model them for him, one after another until he pulled her down beneath him and made love to her, tearing the thin scraps of material off her body in a storm of passion.

Their four weeks of honeymoon in the fashionable places of Europe was one of her dreams come true and she was so grateful to Sid for giving her this time with him. She was flipping through a fashion magazine on their final flight to Las Vegas. Sid was on the phone and she was paying more attention to his conversation than to the words in the magazine. She loved even hearing his voice. It was so strong, masculine and confident as he gave instructions to his staff.

There was only one thing that had marred the past month. said that he loved her, or even cared for her. She knew he cared. many ways. But he never said the words.

Sabrina watched him for a few minutes across the plane. Sid had never once He showed her in so

She knew going into this relationship that he didn't love her and she had to make her love enough for the two of them. So why was she now letting the absence of the words make her feel bad? How could she learn to live with what he could give her and not want more?

He hung up the phone and looked up at her, smiling slightly and crooking his finger for her to come over to him. She instantly complied, loving the way his hands instantly reached for her and pulled her down into his lap instead of letting her sit down in the chair next to him she'd originally been moving toward.

"That was a very serious expression on your face. What were you thinking about?" he asked.

Sabrina laughed, delighted that he had been aware of her, even when he wasn't looking. That meant something, didn't it? It meant something more than just a physical need, she thought. She translated that to mean they had a mental connection, even though it might not be emotional. Yet.

"I was thinking about how decisive you were. It's impressive," she explained, her arms wrapping around his neck as his hands settled her hips onto his lap, then one hand sliding down her thigh over the silk of her slacks.

"Hmmm...." He said, but nothing else on that subject. "I have the forms for you to fill out to change your name on your credit cards and social security," he said a moment before his mouth captured her ear lobe between his teeth.

Sabrina inhaled and shivered. "No need," she said, turning more to him.

Sid pulled his head up slightly to look into her eyes. "What do you mean? You'll have to fill out the forms in order to get your name changed."

Sabrina looked at him and realized he was serious. "I'm not changing my name," she said, sitting up slightly.

Sid obviously didn't like the sound of that if the anger that appeared banked in his eyes was any indication. "Sabrina, what are you talking about? You're my wife. Of course you're going to change your last name."

Sabrina pulled herself out of his lap and took the seat next to him, needing to put a little space between them. She'd known this would be a battle with someone as dominant as Sid tended to be. It was one of the reasons she hadn't worked very hard to bring it up. Oh, she'd tried on several occasions but when something distracted either of them, she didn't come back to the subject immediately. Now she'd have to deal with his questions and get him to understand her point of view.

"Why would I do that?" she asked, only a little intimidated by his stern expression. She knew he got angry but he always held his temper in tight control. "There's no reason for me to change my name. Besides," she smiled gaminely, "I'm actually saving you money by not needing to change my business cards," she explained.

"Business cards? Why would you change your business cards? You're my wife. You don't work anymore," he said.

Sabrina gasped. "Are you firing me?" She stood up and walked across the plane. This was a whole different issue than simply changing her name. The name change issue was completely under her control and she wouldn't give in on that. She would maintain her own identity but Sid had control of her job. It wasn't fair, but life wasn't always fair, she knew.

Sid looked back at her, obviously confused by what was brewing up to be a bigger argument than he was expecting - but he hadn't been expecting one at all. "Firing you? Why would I do that? You're going to give up your job. I already have several people lined up to interview for your position."

Sabrina turned back to face him, feeling hurt and betrayed. "Sid? Why would you have done that to me? You're firing me for no reason."

Sid stood up and walked over to her, turning her so she was facing him. "This is a ridiculous conversation. You're my wife. You have absolutely no need to work. I'll take care of you so you definitely don't need a separate income."

She pulled back, the hurt too deep. "What about if I want to work? I love my job. You didn't tell me that marrying you would mean that I wouldn't get to do it anymore."

"What the hell are you talking about? Of course you won't work anymore. You can spend your days shopping and getting the house ready."

There were so many things within his latest statement that caused offense that she picked up on the least offensive and latched onto it. "House? What house? What's wrong with the penthouse you already have?"

He put his hands on his hips and glared at her as if that question were completely ridiculous. "It's a penthouse. We can't raise children there," he said firmly.

She had to give him that. "Yes. That's true. But we're not having children for a while so what's the rush? Why can't we just stay at the penthouse where everything is convenient? Or if you want more privacy, we can just take my house off the market. It' s small, but not too small for the two of us."

Sid put his hands on his hips and faced her, his irritation apparent. "There is no rush. I just assumed that you'd want to get the house ready before you became pregnant."

Taking a deep breath, Sabrina tried to regain a modicum of patience. "I think there are several things we need to talk about. We sort of rushed into this marriage but there's no reason we can't discuss each other's opinions and come to some sort of compromise."

Sid nodded. "I agree. The compromise is that you'll stop working, change your name and become a real wife."

Sabrina bristled at his autocratic tone but she bit her tongue, hoping to make him see reason. The phone rang, interrupting her next comment though. He picked up the phone since it was the internal line. He listened for a moment then nodded his head. "Thank you," he said and then hung up the phone. "That was the pilot. We'll be landing in Vegas in five minutes. We need to take a seat and get our seat belts on."

Sabrina exhaled, glad for the distraction. "Fine," she said and took her original seat, farther away from him.

They landed without incident but the moment they were on the ground, Sid's cell phone started ringing and since he'd been out of the office for a month with her, she didn't resent his need to check in with his office. She leaned back against the leather seats of the limousine as it carried them through the streets of Las Vegas. They arrived at the private, underground parking lot, then were whisked up to the penthouse suite via Sid's private elevator.

"Sabrina, I have to get down to the office. There are things I need to go over. Let's discuss this over dinner. Okay?" he said, taking her hand in his and pulling her against his hard body.

"That would be fine," she said, not wanting to continue the argument but also not willing to give in to him either. She had her own ideas and wasn't going to give in to his autocratic, cave man mentality.

"Make yourself at home," he said. "I think your clothes will probably be delivered by now. Just move any of my clothes around to make space for yours." He kissed her hard on the mouth before releasing her and leaving her alone.

Sabrina watched him leave, admiring the way he held himself with so much confidence.

Standing alone in the quiet, enormous penthouse, she thought about what her next move would be. Crossing her arms over her stomach, she considered her options. She could either give in to his wishes and that would maintain peace in their relationship. Or she could ignore his demands and do what she felt would be right for both her own state of mind as well as the long term needs of their relationship. Should she give in and take a stand later on? Or start as she meant to continue?

There really was no option. She knew what she had to do to maintain her own sense of self-worth. There would be fireworks, she knew. But Sid would just have to see reason.

She went into the bedroom and looked around. Her clothes were already placed beside his in the closet and she found her other clothes in half the drawers. It was odd, and very intimate, to see her clothes next to Sid's in this way. The thought sent a small shiver down her body, knowing that she really was married to this strange and enigmatic man. She'd spent two months getting to know him but he really was still a stranger. But a stranger she loved getting to know each day.

Sighing, she pushed her silly thoughts aside and pulled down a pale, pink suit. Quickly showering, she changed into the suit, slipping on a pair of soft, pink pumps. She pulled her hair back and added a touch of mascara and lipstick then surveyed her appearance in the mirror. She looked ready for battle, in a very feminine, soft kind of way.

She took the key Sid had left for her and made her way down the private elevator, then walked across the lobby toward her office. It was a slow process as many people stopped her to say hello and wish her well in her new marriage.

It took more than fifteen minutes before she reached her office. Her staff was genuinely pleased to see her. Some even expressed their surprise, knowing that her position had been advertised. Sabrina dismissed the job posting as just a miscommunication and then started diving into the messages, paperwork and e-mail that had piled up over the past month.

By seven o'clock, she was exhausted but had finally organized the mountain of work that had appeared on her desk while she'd been out. Everything was now organized into groups of priorities. She'd already dealt with the most urgent and was now onto the simply extremely important issues when her phone rang at her elbow.

"Sabrina Charmichael, how can I help you?" she said in a cheerful voice.

Sid's reply was not nearly as merry. "You're Sabrina Matthews now and I thought we already discussed your position."

"Sid!" she said, her heartbeat increasing with the sound of his voice. "Where are you?" she asked, glancing down at her watch, amazed that it was so late.

"I'm up in our suite, waiting for you which is interesting since I had thought you were up here all day, getting settled in like I told you to do when I left you."

Sabrina sighed. "This might not be the right venue for this conversation. I'll be up in a moment."

She put down the phone and turned off her computer, forcing her mind to concentrate on each task and take her mind off of the confrontation about to happen with her new husband. Her stomach was clenched and her fingers shook as she made her way across the lobby and she tried to maintain a serene expression on her face. The path was easier this time as she ran into the same people as she had earlier so it was a simple matter to just wave to everyone from across the room or hallway.

She reached the penthouse quickly but was dreading the confrontation.

As soon as the elevator doors opened, she saw him standing in the middle of the great room, his arms crossed over his chest. She stepped off the elevator quickly and smiled brightly. "Did you have a productive day?" she asked, hoping to avoid the fight if possible.

She was wrong. "It was until I came back here to find that you weren't here. When I asked security if you'd left the building, they informed me that you'd been in your office all day long." He walked slowly over to where she was standing, intimidating her by his height and brawn. "I found that amazing since I told you earlier this morning that you didn't need to work."

Sabrina didn't budge, refusing to let him intimidate her. Or at least let him know how intimidated she was. "You might have said it but that doesn't make it so," she said, lifting her chin defiantly.

Sid's eyes narrowed as she stood there. "Is that right?"

"Absolutely," she said and crossed her own arms over her chest. "That's so," she replied, nodding her head for emphasis.

"Well, that's interesting, since usually, what I say around here really does make it so," he countered. "In fact, I could make a phone call right now and have your office cleared out."

Her hands dropped from her chest and dangled uselessly at her sides. She couldn't believe her ears. Was Sid really threatening to fire her and embarrass her like this? "You wouldn't do that, would you?" she asked, her eyes burning with the tears. "You wouldn't humiliate me like that."

Sid shook his head, denying her claim as outrageous. "You are embarrassing me by working when I told you that you don't need to," he said.

She decided to change tactics. Challenging Sid wasn't a very good way to get him to see reason and since he owned the entire hotel and casino, she suspected that he'd been challenged on many occasions and came out the winner. She was an amateur in this arena. Besides, it was time to learn more about her husband and being confrontational wasn't a good way to start. "But it isn't a question of need, Sid. I like my job. I don't want to be one of those women who spend their days shopping and primping. I want to contribute to the success of your business."

"You would be helping me by not having me worry about you," he said. "Now, enough of this subject. Let's have dinner and move on to a more interesting subject." He turned and started moving toward the terrace. "I contacted an agent today and they are ready to show you houses whenever it is convenient for you."

Sabrina's mouth almost fell open as he walked away from her, dismissing her concerns about her job and future. "Sid! What are you doing? This subject is not closed!" she called out. "Do you have any idea how offensive you are being right now?"

Sid spun around, his eyes angry. "Offensive? I will not have my wife working here. That's final." Without another word, he walked out onto the terrace and started opening a bottle of wine, pouring two glasses and waiting for Sabrina to follow, fully expecting her to give in on the issue.

Sabrina did follow him out but what she really wanted to do was walk up to him and kick his shin for being so bull headed. Taking a deep breath to calm her temper, she looked over at him, "Perhaps you should explain to me exactly why it is offensive for me to work."

"Why would you want to?" he demanded. "It shows the rest of the world that I can't afford to keep you in style." He handed her the glass of wine and watched her take a sip.

"But what about if I find satisfaction from working?" she asked.

His eyes immediately lightened with her words. "Well, then I'll just have to find other ways to satisfy you, won't I?"

Sabrina looked at his intense gaze and her body reacted despite her anger. But she refused to give in to the seemingly effortless way he could make her forget everything. "Sid, that's not the point. I need more than just sex from life. I need to feel productive and needed. I also need an outlet for my creativity. Otherwise, I'll go crazy. My job gives me that outlet and feeds my ego, making me feel like I'm needed."

"What about when we have children. We will not put them into day care," he said and she saw his jaw harden, a vein on his forehead started throbbing.

"Absolutely not," she said and was glad when she saw him relax. "I would love to have the time to spend with our children but that's years in the future. What am I going to do in the meantime? I want to work and I love working for Solara."

"I'm glad you feel that way but why don't we move up the timetable? Why would we wait years to have children when there's no need? What could possibly hold us back from moving ahead with our marriage?"

"Have children now?" she asked, her eyes showing her surprise. "I don't think that's a very good idea," she said. "And I don't think that marriage is only about procreation. It's also about you and me and what we represent both individually and together."

"What's wrong with having children now?" he asked, putting down his glass of wine, taking a seat at the dinner table and taking the cover off of one of the plates.

Sabrina couldn't believe her ears. "Sid, are you saying you want to have children now simply because I want to work? That doesn't make sense. We should decide to have children when we're both ready. That's probably a few years into the future," she said, knowing that she was terrified of having children with a man who didn't love her. "Besides, the current issue is broader than just a job."

"Oh really?" he asked, taking a bite of the asparagus. "I thought that was the current topic although I'll be the first to admit that it's not my favorite."

Sabrina bristled at his autocratic tone but she pursed her lips, striving for patience. She took a seat as well and lifted her own cover but the scents of the food which were usually so enticing, didn't even reach her consciousness. She was too absorbed in the conversation and trying to figure out how to get Sid to understand her point of view. "No. It isn't just about the job. It is about you talking to me and both of us agreeing on what our future together will be. You're making decisions and not including me in the process."

Sid sighed and leaned back in his chair. "Sabrina, you're not going to work."

Sabrina's temper flared. It was no use. "Sid, you're just being obstinate and not listening to a thing I've said." Stomping her feet, she stood up and started to walk away from him. She paced back and forth along the patio, her body alert and hopping mad. "So you don't want me to work for you? Is that your final word?" she asked.

Sid looked up at her from his chair, his eyes considered her angry gaze and stance. "Yes. That's my final word," he replied as if they were discussing the weather instead of a monumental, life-altering conversation about Sabrina's and their future happiness.

Taking a deep breath, she made up her mind. "Fine. If that's your position, then I consider myself fired. If you don't want me working for you, then I'll just work for someone else. My skills are valuable and I think my history here at Solara will warrant a job with another casino. If you don't want me working for you, I'll find someone who will," she said defiantly, raising her chin in challenge.

Sid stood up and walked over to where she was standing, hands on his hips. "You wouldn't do that to me, would you?"

Sabrina tried to lie, tried to maintain eye contact with him but she just couldn't do it. She looked away, wiping the angry tears quickly so he wouldn't see how much he'd hurt her. "No," she whispered. "I wouldn't do that to you."

With a sigh, Sid took her into his arms, ignoring her stiffness. He put his head on hers and stared out at the open dessert visible from the opposite side of the terrace. "Thank you for that." He let her walk away from him before stating, "It wouldn't have worked anyway. One word from me and the other casinos wouldn't even let you in the door."

Sabrina sniffed and shook her head. "You don't understand and I can't figure out how to make you see. But this is very important to me. Imagine how you'd feel if I told you that you had to quit your job."

Sid smiled at the idea. "You just said I'd fired you. Did you quit or did I fire you?"

Sabrina pushed away and punched his arm, hurting her knuckles against his rock hard bicep. "I hate you," she said, her voice soft with pent up emotion.

"No you don't," he countered. "And I promise you won't regret this, Sabrina."

She wrapped her arms around his waist and shook her head. "No, Sid. I promise you'll regret your decision. I'm the best events planner you've ever had and you know it. Just try and find someone as good as I was."

He smiled down into her beautiful, defiant face. "And you'll look for a home? I promise you can have whatever home makes you happy."

Sabrina frowned, frustrated that he still didn't understand. "The home won't compensate for me not working Sid. Would you feel happy if you had a beautiful place but no satisfaction?"

Sid picked her up in his arms. "That's the second time you've mentioned that you won't be satisfied. I think I'll have to just show you how satisfied you will be as my wife," he said and carried her into their bedroom. He made love to her until she was crying out for release and when he'd given her body what she'd demanded, she curled up in his arms as she floated off to sleep.

Chapter 9

Sabrina spent the second four weeks of her marriage in the opposite state of her first four weeks. She watched Sid go off to work, spending long hours in the office and basically ignoring her until he came home at night. Those nights, they spent going to the theatre, the ballet, to social events or simply in bed, discovering each other's bodies and likes and dislikes. They never brought up the subject of her job or his autocratic ways but she could feel the tension building and she didn't completely understand it.

She spent her days shopping for a house. The realtor showed her dozens of houses, all of them large and luxurious with beautiful pools, elaborate kitchens and spacious floor plans. For some reason, none of them made her feel like it was the one that she wanted to spend her life in with Sid and raise their children. After several days of going through beautiful homes with a very nice realtor named Mindy, Sabrina finally called it quits, if only temporarily.

"Mindy," Sabrina started off, staring at the lovely three story brick home with a lovely view, "I'm sorry but can we hold off on the homes you have scheduled for the afternoon?"

"Of course. Would you like to see more tomorrow? I can call and reschedule them."

Sabrina thought about it for a long moment before she shook her head. "Not right now. I need to talk to Sid a little more. So far, none of the houses are what I'm looking for but maybe I'm not sure what I really want."

Mindy was very professional and accepted Sabrina's comment. "I can understand that. I've been in this business for a long time. Take whatever time you need and call me when you've figured out what you need. Maybe something smaller? A little less overwhelming?"

Sabrina laughed. "I don't think Sid would allow that. So far, these houses have all been smaller than his current penthouse."

Mindy smiled. "I can look for something larger, but I'm not sure if there is anything bigger in this area."

"No, larger isn't the issue," Sabrina replied apologetically. "But I'm not sure what the problem is but I'll figure it out and call you when I have."

Mindy drove them back to the resort, letting Sabrina off at the private entrance at the back. "Let me know if you figure things out. I have lots of listings," she said before she drove away.

Sabrina went up the private elevator to what she still thought of as Sid's penthouse. All of her furniture had been cleared out of her house after it sold but it was sitting in storage. She couldn't bring any of it here. Her tastes were more cottage like whereas Sid's was ultra sophisticated with clean, straight lines and no frills.

She wandered around the enormous penthouse, thinking through all the homes she'd been through with Mindy. All were fabulous houses with amazing details. But none really 'worked' in her mind. But what would work? She wondered hard, trying to think of reasons why each of the houses didn't fit what she was looking for.

"I don't really want a home," she thought sadly as she plucked a rose out of a lovely arrangement that had been delivered that morning. "I want my job," she thought out loud.

Being just a wife wasn't enough for her, she realized. She wanted the intellectual stimulation of working on a project, figuring out the details, dealing with the people and all the stresses of individual personalities. She didn't like being idle and useless.

She was an accessory!

As soon as the words popped into her mind, she realized why this whole situation bothered her so much. Sid didn't want her to work because he wanted her to be there just for him. But was he here just for her? Was he hanging out, bored to tears waiting for her to come back from her house hunting? Did he even know if she was here or out somewhere? Probably not. He liked dressing her up in fancy clothes but not much more. Oh, sure, he still talked to her, debated the current issues but it wasn't the same anymore. She didn't feel alive like she used to before they were married.

Is this what marriage is all about? Is this why the women married to wealthy men become cynical and bored? Sabrina didn't want to become one of those women. She didn't want to be resentful of Sid's career and the fact that she gave up hers for him. If she gave up her job, then she wanted it to be a decision they came to together, because they were excited about starting a family or some other important reason. Not simply because Sid would lose face with his peers for having a working wife.

Determined to do something about her boredom before it destroyed their marriage, she went to the store and bought all she would need. She'd build up her proposals for him without his knowledge. She didn't have to work directly for him and get paid by him in order to feel needed. She could do this simply because she liked it and she was a good organizer with a head full of ideas.

That was it, she thought as she set up her computer and drawing table in the study. Sid rarely ever used the room since he only had to go down four floors to his own office so this one was perfect for her purposes. By the end of the first day, she already had several events on paper but she'd have to go through more of the details the next day.

The work wasn't as fulfilling as before because she wasn't sure she'd ever see any of her plans come to fruition. She heard through her friends and former co-workers that Sid had already hired a new person for her job. The man was interesting and creative, but rumors said he didn't have the ability to follow through on his ideas.

The rest of the time, when she became too bored with her ideas and lack of planning ability, she would go shopping. It was at least fun because she shopped for Sid instead of herself. She decided that, since it was his money she was spending, she might as well spend it on him. She wouldn't even tell him about it though. She'd simply come home and put her newest purchases into the closet for him to find.

It was interesting to see him dress each morning. He would find a new shirt or tie and look at it strangely but not say a word. She smiled, wondering if he was trying to figure out when he'd bought it.

But then he would leave, kissing her tenderly on the lips and wave goodbye, leaving her to yet another miserable, lonely day stretching out before her.

About two months after their honeymoon, something happened to change it all. Sabrina had been working in what she now considered her office when she heard the front door of the penthouse open and close. She glanced at her watch and realized it was about two hours earlier than Sid's normal arrival time.

She left her office quickly and found him out on the patio with a bourbon in his hand. His tie and the top button of his shirt was loose and he was staring into the dark liquid in his crystal glass.

"Sid? Why are you back so early?" She saw the strain on his face and instantly became worried. "What's wrong?" she asked, rushing over to him and putting her hands on his chest.

Sid tossed back the rest of his bourbon but didn't say anything for a long time. "Jim is not working out," he finally admitted. Jim was the new special events coordinator who backfilled Sabrina. "Let's eat," he said and led her over to the table already set up. "I hope you don't mind. I asked the chef to bring dinner earlier than normal. I missed lunch so I'm pretty hungry."

She looked down at the white linen tablecloth and smiled. "This smells delicious and I don't mind at all," she said, taking the seat opposite him. "It's ideal, actually. I generally get hungry right about now and grab a snack until you come home."

He smiled tightly at her. "I didn't realize I was putting you out. I'll try and come back earlier from now on."

Sabrina laughed and shook her head. "And have you head back down to your office after dinner?" she teased. "No thank you. I've figured out that if I can wait until you get in about eight o'clock, then I get you to myself for the rest of the evening." She grinned across the table at him. "See, I have this all planned out to suit my own needs."

"And what are those?" he asked, relaxing under her soft smile and sweet nature.

"I think you know exactly what my agenda is for the evening," she said softly and cursed her white skin that easily showed Sid the blush she couldn't conceal.

"I like your thinking, my dear," he said and took another bite of his meal.

"So what's wrong with Jim?" she asked.

"He's not as good as you are. And now, he's been in the job long enough so the rest of the staff are starting to realize it as well."

Sabrina took a bite of the perfectly cooked chicken the chef had delivered, savoring the smoky taste. "I know," she said and took a bite of the creamy potatoes.

"And you were right," he said, sighing. "He's worthless."

"So what are you going to do about it?" she asked, trying desperately to hide her hopes that he would ask her to step in and do the job.

"I don't know," he said, taking his bourbon and leaning back in the chair. "I guess I'll interview someone else. Or maybe get him an assistant. He can't keep going like this. He's missing details that are important."

"I know he's considering a gambling night in the lobby next month. You should mention he might want to get some hors d'etres for that. And lots of drinks."

Sid's eyes snapped to hers. "What are you talking about? A gambling night?"

Sabrina hid her smile. "Yes. He spoke to me about it earlier in the week. His idea is that probably many of the guests here might be a little too tentative to try out the main casino. So this would be an easy way for them to venture into the world of gambling."

Sid's eyes narrowed. "And you didn't talk him out of it?" he demanded. "You know that it's a ridiculous idea, Sabrina. You can't put a casino inside a casino! Hell, I've set up free gambling training for all of the 'tentative' guests!"

Sabrina raised her shoulders slightly and sampled the asparagus. "It's not my job. You made that crystal clear," she said.

Sid's head fell backwards and he stared at the stars for a long moment. Finally, he raised his head again and looked across at her. "What if I brought you back only temporarily? He could stay on and handle more of the details and you could be the creative side."

Sabrina's heart soared with excitement but she shook her head, hiding her joy from his observant eyes. "That won't really help the situation," she explained. "You see, Jim's actually very creative but hasn't ever worked for a casino so he doesn't really know what works and doesn't work."

"You hadn't ever worked for a casino but you knew what to do," he countered.

She smiled warmly at him, glad that he was giving her credit. "That's a very good point. Why did you hire me, anyway?"

Sid didn't smile as he said, "I liked your legs."

Sabrina laughed. "You hired a perfect stranger simply because you liked my legs? Are you crazy?"

He shrugged his shoulders before saying, "And I knew you'd be my wife. I was willing to gamble that you probably knew what you were doing when it came to being creative and organizing events."

She smiled at his casual attitude. "I was a nervous wreck during that interview and you were only checking out my legs?"

Sid laughed. "You did a great job. And everything turned out okay, so stop worrying about the fact that I was looking at your legs," he said, pulling her onto his lap. "And now you have your way once again."

Sabrina stilled, terrified about what he was going to say next. "What's that?" she asked, holding her breath without realizing she was doing it.

He looked her straight in the eye and said, "Come back and work for me. I'll get rid of James but you have to fix what he's messed up over the past few weeks."

"Really?" she asked, releasing her breath in a whoosh. "Do you really mean it?"

Sid sighed heavily. "Yes. I really mean it. But I want you to train someone to be your replacement so there is someone there who can fill in when I want to whisk you away somewhere or for the time when we decide to have children. Deal?"

Sabrina could hardly believe it. She was so excited. "Why? Why did you change your mind?" she asked, hoping he had finally come to understand how much the job meant to her. But she was destined to be disappointed in that area.

"Because you're the only one I know who can do the job. And until I find someone or you train someone adequately, I understand that I need you in the position."

Sabrina considered his response. It wasn't what she wanted to hear but at least it was something. And she knew that it was a big step for him. "Good enough," she said and threw her arms around his neck, kissing him at the same time. "And you won't be disappointed. I have so many ideas I've been working on that I can't wait to get started," she said.

Sid's eyebrows snapped together with that admission. "What do you mean? What have you been working on?"

She rolled her eyes at his autocratic tone. "Sid, you're really going to have to work on trusting me," she said. "I trust you completely and that's saying a lot around here." She wriggled to the sofa cushion beside him before explaining. "But what I was saying is that I've been bored to tears and the only way I've been able to stay sane is to think up new ideas and draw out the plans. So I have about a year's worth of ideas already set up in your office. Now that you've given me the go ahead, I'll start working on them immediately."

He considered her words carefully before deciding to accept her concession. "Well that's good. And I'll get rid of Jim tomorrow," he said.

She put both hands on his shoulders, shaking her head against his statement. "No, he's smart and creative, just not right for the director's job. If you don't mind, I'd like to keep him around but in a different capacity."

Sid eyed her skeptically. "Are you sure? You're not just saying that because you're a soft hearted person and don't want someone to be fired?"

Sabrina laughed. "I'm sure. But if there's anyone that I think is not working up to your standards, I guarantee that I'll hide them away somewhere."

"Sabrina," he said, a warning in his tone.

"I'm kidding," she said, snuggling up to him again, distracting him by kissing his jaw. "I promise I'll shove them into the lion's den, otherwise known as your office. Promise." Then she distracted him further by kissing his mouth, ignoring the skeptical look in his eye.

"Are you going to sit there not trusting me? Or are you going to celebrate my good job by making love to me?" she asked, still shy about coming on to him even after three months of marriage.

Sid smiled. "Well, when you put it that way..." he said and pulled her up onto his lap again.

A week later, Sabrina was heaven...almost. She was thrilled to be working again and loving her job now that she was back in the lead position. Her ideas were thrown out to the staff and they loved them, even adding other ideas to them. Jim was grateful to be released from the pressure of the lead and was more than willing to take her direction.

The only problem she found was that Sid still hadn't told her that he loved her. She said it every time they made love. In fact, he never let her find her release, teasing her mercilessly until she cried out her love for him. But he remained emotionally aloof.

Sure, she still found jewelry in her drawers or in a pocket, one time even in a bouquet of flowers that were delivered to her office for no reason at all. But never what she really wanted. A declaration of his feelings for her.

She tried to be satisfied with what he was able to give. She knew that something in his past had hurt him terribly and she suspected it was his mother. After the conversation with Zeke where he admitted that their mother had basically abandoned him, she was careful that Sid knew that she did not take their wedding vows lightly. But he never showed her any emotion. Not even mild irritation since that first night back from their honeymoon when they were arguing about her job. Amusement, passion, caring - yes. He was very open about those feelings. But the deeper feelings of love and trust were never uttered.

Sabrina accepted that she would have to find other ways of determining his emotional involvement in their relationship.

Chapter 10

Sid was reviewing a report when the phone rang. "Sid, you'd better get down here. There's a fight starting and you might be the only one able to diffuse it."

He was irritated with his cabaret manager. "Mike, you can handle this. Just show the women the door if they don't behave. We've had this conversation before."

Mike hesitated for a moment. "Well, that's the thing. The fight's about you," he explained through the phone.

"About me? Why would a bunch of women I've never met be arguing about me?" Sid asked, his irritation starting to show.

"Well, I didn't realize it at the time, but two of the new dancers we hired a month ago had a...um...relationship with you."

Sid shook his head in disbelief. "Mike, you know I never have a relationship, casual or otherwise, with any of the dancers."

Mike laughed nervously. "I know. But like I said, these two are new and....well, one of them is saying that she had a....thing with you a while back and the other is saying the same thing. There's a bit of jealousy going on."

Sid heard the screaming in the background and ground his teeth in frustration. He glanced at his watch and groaned. It was almost time for Sabrina to meet him here. They were scheduled to go look at several houses she'd narrowed the search down to. "Can't you fix this?" he ordered.

"I wish I could. But this has been brewing for several weeks. Right now, the bouncers, Jerry and Jimmy are holding the two back, a show is about to start and they're interfering. I thought maybe if you just came down and gave them one of your looks and explained that they were out of line, they would get the message more clearly than if I told them." He listened to the irritated silence then continued. "Like I said, this has been brewing for several weeks. They're good dancers but I'll have to fire them if they keep this up. It's messing with the morale of the other dancers."

Sid sighed. "Fine. I'll be down in three minutes. I'll speak briefly with them but then I have to go. I don't have time for this kind of ridiculous antics so if they start up again, I'm putting you on notice to get rid of them immediately."

"Good enough," Mike said, relief in his voice.

Sid hung up without saying goodbye and stood up, coming around the desk. He was just about to walk around when his office door opened. He was hoping to see Sabrina walk in but then realized that Sabrina never intruded. She always waited until Betsy announced her no matter how many times he told her to just come in.

"Hey brother! What are you up to?" Zeke said, sauntering in to Sid's office.

Sid shook his head. "Two of the dancers are having a fight. I've got to go down and stop it before it gets out of hand."

"A fight? With two women? Can I watch?" he asked, grinning without shame. "Is one of them my little darling?" he asked.

Sid would have laughed if he wasn't so frustrated. He didn't want to deal with this situation. All he wanted to do was to find Sabrina and take her into his arms. He didn't analyze why she was becoming so important in his life. He just liked having her around, he told himself. Shaking his head at his brother's unrepentant fascination with women, he said, "Go ahead and watch but I hope it isn't the woman you're interested in. She's about to be fired. You know the rules," he said, waving to the bank of monitors in his office that turned on with a computer code. He then quickly walked out of his office, hoping to resolve the two fighting women and get back to talk to Sabrina.

The door closed behind Sid and Zeke punched up the security cameras, searching for the backstage of the various theatres. There it was. He chuckled as he watched two scantily clad women scream at each other. He realized that they would be hitting the other except for the two large, burly bouncers holding them apart. The sound was off so he couldn't hear what the women were saying but he shook his head, knowing that the words probably weren't pretty.

"What's going on?" Sabrina asked cheerily, smiling as she walked over to where Zeke was standing in front of the bank of security monitors. "Liz told me to come on in and that Sid had just left for a moment."

"A cat fight," Zeke said, grinning at Sabrina's pretty blue suit. "Where's your sister?" he asked.

Sabrina smiled up at the tall, handsome man. "She's probably at the law library studying," she explained, noting the disappointed expression on his face. "Where's Sid?" she asked in return.

Zeke nodded to the security cameras showing the two women who were fighting. "He should be in view any minute. Mike asked him to come down and put out a fight. Apparently these two women are fighting over him."

Sabrina's eyes snapped to the cameras. "Fighting over Sid?" she whispered. "Why would they be fighting over him? He's my husband. Surely they wouldn't think...Sid would...." She couldn't finish that thought out loud. The idea of Sid in another woman's arms made her sick to her stomach. But then, Sid wouldn't ever touch another woman. They were married and that meant something to him. Didn't it?

Her teeth bit into her lower lip and she worried the sensitive flesh as she watched the monitors. She saw Sid move from one monitor to the next until he reached the backstage area where the scantily clad dancers were all waiting to perform, except for two who seemed to be yelling at each other.

She didn't notice Zeke's concerned face as he looked down at her. Her eyes were glued to the cameras. And then he appeared on the screen. The two women instantly stopped yelling at each other and the burly men holding them back released them. Sabrina gasped when both women, now unhindered, draped their scantily clad bodies over him. But she tried to put that into perspective. Sid was a gorgeous man and he was wealthy beyond her wildest imagination. Any woman would try and come on to him.

But her hand flew to her face when one of the women reached up and turned Sid's face toward hers. The next moment, she was kissing him as if she would die if she ever stopped. Sabrina knew the feeling. She'd felt that same sentiment herself on more than one occasion.

Stumbling backwards, Sabrina's hand flew to her mouth, her eyes shutting tightly in horror. She wanted to look but the image that stained her eyes was actually causing physical pain. She wasn't sure what alerted Zeke to the situation. She must have cried out or something because a moment later, he was holding her shaking body, her shoulders violently shivering as her mind replayed the kiss in her mind. Over and over again, she saw the woman reach up and kiss her husband.

She looked up again, searching the monitors until she found it. Zeke tried to put his broad shoulders in her view but she could see.

"Sabrina, this isn't what you think it is," he said, his deep voice barely penetrating through her pain.

She shook her head. "Is there a woman kissing Sid in that security camera?" she whispered, her eyes seeing what she was describing even though Zeke was still trying to chivalrously hide the images on the screen from her.

Zeke looked back and saw that the other woman was now pulling Sid toward her, competing for equal kissing time. "Well, yes. But it isn't what you think. I promise."

Sabrina closed her eyes once again and stepped back, out of his arms. She was still for a long moment, but then the pain eating at her heart spurred movement and she was able to walk away as if in a trance. She heard Zeke calling out to her and she looked back. "Sabrina, wait. I promise you that this really isn't what you think it is," he said and she reacted more to the worry in his voice than his words. She smiled through the tears she didn't know where falling down her cheeks.

"Zeke, there are two women kissing my husband on the security cameras. I'm not sure how it's possible to explain that away."

Zeke waved his hand I the air as if that picture was insignificant but he wouldn't look back at the monitors, knowing that it was probably still happening. He concentrated on what he knew was right instead of a silly little competition between two women Sid had absolutely no feelings for. "I've seen my brother with a lot of women," Zeke started and the pain that intensified in Sabrina's eyes told him those weren't the right word so he continued quickly, "but he loves you, Sabrina. It isn't what you think."

Sabrina closed her eyes again, her hand reaching out to steady herself as she swayed with the impact of his words. "Does he really?" she asked, then broke down, sobbing. Because she already knew the answer. Sid had never said he loved her. He'd showered her with gifts and taken her on a fantasy honeymoon but those were only symbols of passion and desire. But she wanted something more. And now, seeing Sid kissing, or being kissed, by other women, she knew that she couldn't settle for anything less. She'd been fooling herself, thinking that she had enough love for the both of them. And she was short changing herself. She wanted a real marriage. One where she would believe him if a naked woman threw herself at him, knowing he would push her away because she was secure with the knowledge that he loved her and only her.

"Sabrina wait!" Zeke called out. "That's not fair. At least let Sid explain."

She shook her head. "It isn't about the kiss really," she said, the realization dawning on her slowly. "It's much more than that."

That only heightened the concern in his eyes as he watched the gentle, sweet woman who had single handedly changed his brother's life for the better. Warily he asked, "What's it about?"

Sabrina walked across the lavish, beautifully decorated office that reflected Sid's personality so precisely; masculine, clean and defined. She put her hand on the door before replying. Pulling open the door, she glanced back at Zeke, so close to Sid in so many ways but completely different in others. "It's about trust," she said. "And we don't have it." Sabrina's green eyes were now swimming in the tears streaming from her eyes but she held her shoulders straight and turned away. She pulled open the door, then stopped, frozen for a long moment. Slowly, she turned back to face Zeke, something inside her forcing the words to come out. She looked at the tall, handsome, proud man who was standing with his hands on his hips, a frustrated look in his eyes because he couldn't make the world work the way he wanted it to right at the moment. "Please don't hurt my sister," she said softly. "She's not as tough as she looks", then walked out, closing the door behind her.

Zeke watched her, noticing that her shoulders were rigid as she tried to leave with as much dignity as possible. But he knew her better. In the short time he'd know this tiny woman, he'd grown to respect and understand her and he knew that if Sid didn't hurry up, she'd be gone.

Rushing over to the phone, he called Sid's cell phone. He watched the monitors, noting the moment Sid realized his cell phone was ringing over the yelling females.

"What'?" Sid demanded, irritated beyond what he'd previously been feeling.

"Sid, get upstairs now. Sabrina came in while I was watching the fight. She saw everything," Zeke explained.

"Dammit," Sid said and flipped his cell phone closed, shoving it back into his pocket angrily. He turned to Mike while snapping his cell phone shut. "Get rid of them," he ordered. "I don't want to see them on Solara property again.

He missed the open mouthed shock of the two women as well as the satisfied grin of Mike who had had enough of these females' antics. He turned quickly to the bouncers, Jimmy and James and smiled broadly. "You heard the boss man, guys. Kindly escort these....ladies....to the exit."

"What?" the blond one screeched. "You can't do that to me!" she shouted.

Sid ignored the screeching, knowing that his orders would be followed immediately. He didn't care. All he cared about was the panic he was feeling at the idea of Sabrina's pain when she saw those female pariahs kissing him. Would she understand that the kiss meant nothing?

He had a queasy feeling that she wouldn't. Not his little wife. She was a tiger in bed, but she was still shy and conservative and she would feel betrayed by what she'd seen.

He rushed to the private elevator, pressing the buttons frantically in a futile effort to make them come faster.

Finally, he was getting off the elevator and stepping into the penthouse. He stopped at the entrance and listened. There was silence initially, but then he heard the sounds. It was Sabrina. He didn't recognize the sounds but he hurried, following them. He followed them to their bedroom and stood in the doorway, watching as Sabrina pulled clothes out of the drawers and packed them. She was only taking the clothes she'd brought with her, pushing aside the clothes he'd bought her in Paris and Milan. "Where are you going? "he demanded.

Sabrina jumped, not having heard him come up. But she'd been crying so hard, it was no wonder. "I've decided to head back to Virginia," she said through her sniffles.

"No!" he said and walked over to the bed where the suit case was laying. "You're not going anywhere. Aren't you going to let me explain?" he asked, turning her around and pulling the clothes out of her hands. He dropped them onto the bed, but not into the suit case. "It isn't what you think it was."

Sabrina wiped the back of her hands against her cheek, wiping the tears away. She knew she probably looked a fright with mascara running down her cheeks but she didn't care. "You were breaking up a fight and both women kissed you. Does that sum it up?" she asked, not looking up at him. She knew that if she looked into his eyes, she'd be lost. She was so in love with him she was in pain and only wanted to have him hold her, make love to her one more time before she had to leave. But that would be horrible, she knew.

"Yes, but there's more to it than what you saw. Those women, I dated each of them casually long before I met you. They mean nothing to me," he said.

Sabrina doubled over in pain. "You mean you had relationships with them previously?" she asked. She hadn't even considered that. "I thought you didn't have relationships with the employees? I guess that was a lie, wasn't it?" she stood up and walked over to the overstuffed chair, dropping down into it and putting her face in her hands. "Oh, why in the world did I believe that one? I'm an employee and you've already admitted that you planned my seduction from the moment you met me," she said.

Sid walked over and knelt in front of her. "No. It isn't like that. I didn't have relationships with them while they were dancers here. They were both dancers in another casino. They were just hired by Mike a few weeks ago. I didn't even know they were here."

Sabrina smiled and looked away from him. "That's not really the point anyway."

Sid could feel his stomach clench tighter. "Then what's the point?" he asked.

"The point is that I can't really trust you."

"Yes, you can. You know you can," he said forcefully.

She shook her head in denial. "No. I can't. You don't love me. You barely even care for me. I'm just another possession to you, aren't I?"

"What are you talking about? You're my wife. You aren't a possession."

She sniffed and knew it was completely undignified. "No. That's why you were so adamant that I not work. Because I represented an image, part of your empire. You didn't want the other Las Vegas casino owners or society people to think something was wrong. Right?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Yes you do. You want me to fit into the image you've created around you. But it isn't enough for me! I want you. I want all of you. I want your love." She sniffed and turned away, facing the windows that showed off the magnificent view of Las Vegas. But she didn't see any of it. All she saw was her hopes and dreams of loving Sid going out the window. "You don't love me and you never will. Am I wrong?"

"Sabrina, you're being silly.

"No," she interrupted. "I'm actually done being silly. I'm done pretending that you're ever going to fall in love with me and love me the way I love you. And it's true, Sid. I love you, the man and not the wealth. You've given me so much over the past three months but all I really wanted was you and your love." A sob tore out of her, as if her soul was being torn out. "But it's all an illusion that I'll never have."

She turned to face the suitcase but gave it up. "I'll send for my clothes. I don't want anything else," she said and then rushed out of the room.

Sid stood there, watching her for all of five seconds. Then the truth hit him. He did love her. Painfully and irrevocably. He wanted all of her.

He rushed out of the room and caught her by the arms just as the elevator doors opened up. "Sabrina no! You can't leave me."

"I have to Sid. It hurts to o much for me to stay."

"No! You can't leave me. I won't make it if you go," he said and pulled her into his arms. "I'm sorry I never said the words. I didn't even know they were true until you said you were leaving me. And then I realized it. I'm sorry!"

"Sorry for what?" she asked, her voice muffled as she was held against his chest.

"I'm sorry I never said I loved you. But I do! I love you more than life itself."

"Why?" she asked, her tears still falling and she wasn't sure if she believed him or not.

There was a long silence when Sabrina wasn't sure if he would even continue. But finally he said quietly, "Because I was afraid."

She pulled out of his arms and looked up at him. "You? Afraid? Sid Matthews, you're not afraid of anything."

"I'm afraid of losing you. And I'm afraid of losing your love. It's something I need now. And if that doesn't mean I'm in love with you then I don't know what is." "Why did you kiss those women then?

"I didn't kiss them. They kissed me. They have now been escorted out of the building and banished from ever stepping foot in the casino. But like you said, it's really not about the kiss is it?"

"No."

"I understand that now. I'm sorry it has taken me so long. I've never been one to feel loved but you've changed me." He said.

"You're mother?" she whispered, her arms going around his waist and she felt his body shiver in response.

"Yes."

She waited, wondering if he would continue.

"She abandoned me and Zeke, you know."

"Yes. Zeke told me," she said.

"So you know that he and I lived on the street for years. Basically running a gang."

"Yes."

He was quiet for a long time. Then he continued. "She lives in a house I bought for her several years ago. She has a maid and a cook and groceries delivered to her house every week. But she never once said thank you."

Sabrina held him tighter. "And you've tried to do the same thing to me, haven't you? By buying all the jewelry and clothes, you were hoping to keep me where you wanted me."

"Yes. I thought that if I gave you everything you might want, you'd never walk away."

"But I don't want the things, Sid."

He pulled her closer. "I know that now."

"I want you. I want your love and trust."

"You have them. Unconditionally." She reached up and kissed him, standing on tip toe in order to reach his mouth. "I love you," she said, loving the feeling of his mouth on hers.

"I love you too. And I really mean it," he said, lifting her up into his arms and carrying her back to the bedroom. He pushed the half filled suitcase off the bed and laid her down. "And if you ever try to leave me again, I'll come get you. Again and again."

"I'll never leave you," she said, pulling him down on top of her. "As long as you continue to love me, that's all I want from you."

"That's all?" he asked, staring down into her bright, green eyes. He still couldn't believe the happiness flowing through him with her words and his ability to say them back.

She smiled lovingly up at him. "Well, in a few years, maybe a few babies?" she asked raising her eyebrows enticingly.

Sid threw back his head and laughed, delighted. "You got it," he said.

"And maybe your brother over for dinners sometimes?"

Sid nodded. "If that would make you happy, then it is done."

"I love you," she said again.

"I love you too." Epilogue

Sabrina smiled happily as she entered the large, black and white marble foyer, placing her purse on the round table in the center. Her hand rested gently on her swollen stomach and she smiled. It would be soon, she thought, then grimaced as another pain streaked across her tummy. The pains that had been in her back all day were starting to move toward her stomach and she suspected it was time to call the doctor. And Sid.

She shook her head. No, she wouldn't call Sid yet. He'd been a nervous wreck ever since she'd told him they were going to have a baby. Shaking her head, she wondered if he would ever stop worrying about her. She didn't mind though. She liked it actually. It was nice to have a man so strong and powerful care for her, think that she was the prettiest, sexiest woman around even when he was surrounded by women in scantily clad outfits all day.

Goodness she loved that man!

"Sabrina!" a deep voice said from the top of the stairs. "What's wrong?" Sid demanded, coming down the curving staircase quickly, the concern written all over his face.

"Nothing dear," she said, putting a soothing hand on his cheek. "We're going to have a baby. That's all," she said. Unfortunately, those words didn't soothe him at all. He lifted her off her feet and carried her to his car which he'd been parking out front for over a month, just in case.

Fifteen hours later, Derrick Matthews was born with a lusty cry and red face, angry that he'd been disturbed from his warm bed inside his mother. And three minutes after that, Sonya Matthews arrived, yelling louder than her older brother but with a soft tuft of red hair that matched her equally red face.

Sabrina cradled her son in her arms while Sid held his daughter. The two of them looked over at each other and smiled, overwhelmed by their joy but happy.

"I love you," she said.

Sid shook his head. "I love you too," he replied.

