CHAPTER ONE

The gun was pointed at Brent Baker's heart but he felt no fear. No, what he felt was...anticipation. He was prepared to die.

Jake McKoy sat back in his chair and stared out the window. Where did he go from here? He'd started this story three weeks earlier and still had not got past this scene.

Truth be told, he hadn't written anything of sense in the last three years. And he didn't know if he ever would.

With a sigh he threw the pen down and got up from the kitchen table. He had to do something to get the creative juices flowing again. Three years was a long time for a dry spell. His publishers weren't going to wait forever.

He'd set up a writing office in the tiny self-contained studio apartment at the bottom of the garden and equipped it with a desk, a computer, a file cabinet and books. That hadn't worked. He'd abandoned that and tried the good old kitchen table. His progress so far? Twelve sad pages of drivel. He just could not get into the story. Were his writing days over?

In a last ditch attempt he decided to go down to the basement and dig up a book he used to read - Lighting the Creative Spark. The book wouldn't tell him anything he didn't already know but maybe, just maybe, it would get him going again.

He'd flipped on the light and was halfway down the stairs when he realized that something was not quite right. There was an unfamiliar sound, a steady tapping against the basement window. He paused on the fourth step then frowned. Who the heck was at his window? He glanced down, looking for some kind of weapon - just in case. His eyes fell on a broom leaning in the corner at the foot of the stairs. It would have to do.

Jake went down the stairs, quietly but swiftly, and grasped the broom handle. Then he peered round the corner.

"What the-"

There wasn't a soul tapping at the glass. The sound he'd heard was water dripping from a pipe above his head, falling into a massive pool of water below.

Just what he needed. A flooded basement to start his Friday.

He peered up into the shadows at the exposed pipe. That alone could not have done this much damage. It was like he had his own personal indoor pond. There had to be something else going on down below.

He rolled his pants up to his knees and waded into the ankle-deep water and as he did he groaned aloud. Even if he got the leak fixed how the heck was he going to get this place dried out and cleaned up? He shook his head. This was what he got for buying a big old house out in the backwoods.

After four minutes of hunting around for the source of the leak he gave up. Time to call the professionals. With a sigh of resignation he went back up the stairs, barefoot this time, and got the Tonawanda Yellow Pages from the bottom of the kitchen cupboard. He'd meant to throw it out lots of times but kept forgetting to put it out in the recycling bin. Good thing he hadn't.

He called the first plumbing service that popped up on the page. All-In-One Plumbing and Interior Decorations. Strange combination, but who was he to judge?

"All-In-One, may I help you?" The slightly nasal voice of a woman echoed into the phone.

"I have a flooded basement," he said. "Could you send a plumber over right away, please? I'm at sixteen twenty-nine Old Spruce Lane."

"Wow," the woman exclaimed. "The old Sullivan place. I didn't know somebody was living there now. Seen any ghosts in the house?"

"Pardon me?" Surprised by her question , Jake's tone was cool. Who was this woman, anyway? He hadn't called for a chit-chat.

"Oops, sorry. Just a moment, please." The woman must have put the receiver down because her next words were slightly muffled. "Sam, Alvin's stuck in Niagara Falls today. Can you run out to the old Sullivan place?" She was back on the line within seconds. "Sam will be there in twenty minutes," she said. "Just look out for the All-In-One truck."

Jake thanked her then hung up. Twenty minutes. Good enough. The damage was already done. What was another twenty minutes worth of water? His indoor pool had probably been collecting for days.

Within eighteen minutes of the call there was the rumble of a truck pulling up in the driveway. They were punctual. A good sign. Jake was on his way to the front door when the bell rang. "Coming," he said, but before he'd gone another five steps the guy was ringing the bell again. "Hold your horses," Jake called out, slightly annoyed. It was a big house. Did they expect him to get from one end to the other in seconds?

He flung the door open, still frowning, and froze in surprise. Instead of the burly plumber he'd expected he found himself staring into the wide brown eyes of a sweet-faced young woman.

He stood there, shocked, then realizing he was staring he cleared his throat. "You're with All-In-One Plumbing?" he asked then looked past her at the big white truck.

"Yes," she said, her voice sweet and mellow and deeper than he had expected. It was a soft, husky voice. Sort of sexy. "We got a call that your basement is flooded."

"And you came with Sam?" He glanced at the truck again but there was no-one in it. The plumber must be at the back of the truck offloading the equipment.

The girl laughed, a soft, rippling sound that brought his eyes back to her. "I'm Sam," she said and held out her hand. "Samantha Fox, at your service."

This was the plumber? Jake almost laughed out loud. They'd sent him a pretty little thing with long dark hair pulled back, her heart-shaped face rosy and cheerful. And at her feet was a toolkit. She probably was the plumber, after all.

He took her hand in his and was surprised at how soft it was. Definitely not the hands of a plumber.

She was a dainty little thing, dressed in denim work shirt, jeans and heavy work boots. She looked like a child trying to play grown-up, dressed in daddy's work clothes. All-In-One Plumbing had sent a kid to do a man's job. He was looking forward to seeing how that would work out.

He felt a tug and that was when he realized he was still holding her hand. "Oh, sorry." He let go then stepped back. "Come on in."

"Thank you," she said with a smile, seeming unperturbed by the fact that he'd just been holding her - or at least her hand - captive.

She bent and picked up her toolkit and stepped past him and into the foyer, pulling work gloves out of her pocket as she went. "Point me to the basement," she said with a tilt of her head.

It was when she stepped in that he realized that her hair swung all the way down her back, teasing her pert little bottom. He tore his eyes away before she turned and caught him staring. Jesus, what was wrong with him? Was he so starved for the sight of a woman that he couldn't help ogling this one?

So he hadn't been out in a while - a long, long while - avoiding the public as much as possible, even ordering his groceries online. Still, that didn't meant he should react this strongly to the first woman to cross his threshold. He shook his head. This was definitely not like him and he'd better get a hold of himself if he knew what was good for him. There was no room in his world for a woman, no matter how attractive she was.

"It's this way," he said and led her down the hallway toward the door. He switched on the light and went down the stairs with Samantha - or Sam as the woman at the office had called her - in tow.

As they stopped at the bottom step she looked up. "Hmm, I see what's going on." She sat on the second to last step and proceeded to loosen the laces on her work boots. "I have a feeling this is all connected to your water heater," she said as she pushed the boots off and pulled off one sock and then the other.

She had small, delicate feet with pink-painted toenails. Nope, definitely not the feet of a plumber. Jesus, he was staring again. Jake tore his eyes away and stepped past her and down into the water. "You're probably right," he said, adopting a nonchalant tone. "I was checking around that area but couldn't find anything. Maybe you'll have better luck."

"I'm sure I will," she said with a chuckle, "because I know what to look for."

She stepped into the water behind him and then she was wading past him toward the huge white cylinder around which the water lapped. "This is a very old model," she said, and ran her hand along the top. "You're probably going to have to invest in a new one."

She ran her hands all the way down the sides, probably checking for leaks, then bent over to peer at the pipes running into the cylinder.

And that pert bottom he'd glimpsed upstairs? Now he was treated to a full view of it. Dang!

"Found it," she said, head still down and butt in the air. "Your pipes are really old, probably the original ones that came with the house. These ones definitely need to be changed."

She straightened her back and rested her hands on her hips. "But don't worry. I can give you a temporary fix." She gave him a sympathetic smile. "I know it can be difficult doing major repair work, especially when you haven't budgeted for it. I can change the washer down here and the coupling up there. That should buy you some breathing space." She shrugged. "A few months, maybe, but that should give you some time to plan for the major work. Redoing the piping in this old house is going to take some doing."

He nodded. She was going to change the washer, she said. He'd love to see her do that. With her soft hands there was no way she'd get those rusted pipes loose.

She waded back to the steps and got a wrench from her toolkit then pulled on her work gloves. "I need you to turn off the main so I can get started."

"The main?" He stared back at her, feeling stupid. Now where the heck was this main she'd asked about?

She cocked her head to one side. "You do know where it is, don't you?"

Defeated, he shrugged then gave her a rueful grin. "Nope. Sorry."

"No problem," she said. "I'll get it. I've worked on so many of the houses in this neighborhood I can make a pretty good guess where it is." She waded to the back door and climbed the couple of steps then shoved it open. She was outside for less than a minute when she called out, "Found it. It's off now."

When she returned she picked up her wrench again and advanced on the water heater. After she'd clamped the nut with the device she pushed. It didn't even budge.

Jake stepped forward. "Let me -" he began but she put up a gloved hand, cutting him off.

"Step back, please," she said, her voice firm. "I don't want you to get hurt."

"Uh huh," he said sarcastically, then was just about to step forward and pluck the wrench from her hand when she swung it up, making him jump back. She'd almost brained him with the thing.

She brought it down and gave a surprisingly gentle tap to the rusted pipe. "Loosens up the rust buildup," she said with a quick grin. After hooking the wrench onto the nut again she pushed. This time it turned without a fight. Water gushed out then stopped, giving her free access to the pipes. She stuck her finger in and pulled out a rubber washer, so worn and cracked that it was crumbling in her hand. "The guilty party." She held it up then rested it on top of the water heater. She pulled a new washer from her pocket and within a couple of minutes she'd inserted it and was tightening the pipes with a brand new nut.

"This one's all set." She raised her eyes to the still dripping pipe above. "I'll have to get my step ladder for that one."

Before he could offer to help she was back up the stairs and through the door, leaving him standing there in the water. Talk about a bundle of energy. He shook his head then trudged up the stairs in her wake. Proficient or not, she'd need help with that stepladder.

Jake soon came to realize how competent a plumber Sam was. Within thirty minutes of first entering his house she had fixed both pipes and had used the sump pump to clear the water from his basement. With all the water gone the damage was clearly evident - sodden carpeting, a soaking wet sofa, and boxes of books that had sucked up the water like sponges. He would have to dump the whole lot, including the book he'd gone looking for.

"Looks like you're going to need a lot of help," Sam said as she surveyed the damage.

Jake grunted, not at all happy with the prospects before him. He knew he needed help but he was not enthused with the idea of having strangers trudging through his house. As his eyes wandered over the mess he folded his arms across his chest and gave a deep sigh.

"I'm not doing anything tomorrow. I'll come back and help, if you like."

His head jerked up and he turned to look at the woman who, toolkit in hand, looked ready to leave. "Why?" He frowned and looked at her with suspicion. Was she some sort of Good Samaritan?

She shrugged. "I told you, I'm not doing anything tomorrow." She didn't wait for a reply but slipped past him and headed up the stairs.

Was she leaving? She hadn't even been paid.

"Yes," he called out to her disappearing back.

She stopped at the top of the stairs and leaned against the door jamb, looking down at him. She tilted her head. "Yes?"

"Yes." Then he added grudgingly, "Please. I would appreciate the help if you can make it."

"Of course," she said cheerily. "I can be here by ten o'clock but now I have to run. I have to go put on my interior decorator hat."

"Hang on a second." He climbed up the stairs behind her. "Let me grab my check book."

A couple of minutes later, check in hand, Sam headed out front where she climbed up into the truck and perched on the edge of the seat. It looked like she wouldn't be able to reach the pedals otherwise. She started the engine and then gave him an infectious grin and a wave. "See you tomorrow," she called as she backed out of the driveway.

He almost grinned back at her but caught himself just in time. Instead, he nodded then watched as she drove away.

******

"Hi, sweetie. That was quick." Alvin Fox was coming out through the front door just as Samantha drove in. "Meg told me you'd gone out to the Sullivan place so I thought you'd be there for a while."

"Nope," Sam said as she swung her toolkit out of the truck and walked toward her dad. "Just a couple of leaky pipes. Nothing good ole Sam couldn't handle."

"That's my girl," Alvin said and leaned down to receive the kiss she was aiming at his cheek.

She deposited the toolkit on the ground beside their feet then straightened and folded her arms across her chest. "That job was nothing compared to the work that still needs to be done. That place is a mess."

"Water damage?"

"Among other things. The whole basement needs to be cleaned out and the rest of the house...let's just say it needs a major overhaul." She shook her head. "Looks like since the Sullivans left the current owner hasn't even had a chance to furnish the place."

"There goes the interior decorator in you." Alvin chuckled. "Next thing I'll hear is that you're over there fixing the place up. I know you."

"Uhmm, well..." She cleared her throat. "I'm going back there tomorrow morning."

Alvin narrowed his gaze. "Don't tell me you convinced the family to redo their entire house?"

"I plead not guilty." She put up her hands in protest. "All I did was offer to help clean the mess in the basement. And from what I could tell it wasn't a family. It was just...a guy." She frowned even as she said the word. He hadn't been the type you'd classify as a 'guy'. He was all man, and a serious-looking one at that.

"A guy, huh?" Alvin put his hand to his chin and looked thoughtful. "A guy all alone in a big old house on the outskirts of town. And I should let my little girl go out there to help him clean up?"

"Dad, I'm thirty-two years old. Not exactly what anybody would call a little girl. And besides, he's not like a biker kind of a guy. He's actually quite mature." She tapped a finger against her chin. "I'd guess...late thirties, maybe even forty."

"Ah, haa," Alvin said, drawing out the sound. "I see." He gave her a look of amusement.

"Dad, it's not like that," she said, quickly defending her position. "It's just...he seemed so distant. Almost...sad. Like he needed a friend, you know?"

"And, of course, in steps my little Samantha, always ready to befriend the friendless." Alvin gave a sigh but it was lightened by his understanding smile.

"I just want to help, Dad." She gave a shrug, picked up her toolkit and headed into the office. "I'm heading out to Mrs. Roach's place. I'll give you a call tonight, okay?"

Alvin called his goodbye to her and then she heard his truck roar to life. She'd ended the conversation a bit abruptly but she'd had to. She hadn't been completely honest with her father and, much to her annoyance, she had one of those faces that could never hide a secret. If she hadn't moved she would have been turning pink in a minute.

The truth was, there was more to her offer to help than she'd let on. The moment she'd laid eyes on her new customer she'd felt an attraction that had almost knocked the breath out of her. Oh, she'd done a great job hiding it behind her super cheerful act and competent 'plumber girl' exterior. But today, out there at that big old house, she'd felt something she hadn't felt in a long time. A very long time.

After a hiatus of four difficult years she, Samantha Fox, had met a man who'd begun to kindle the dormant embers of her heart. And he wasn't wearing a ring.

CHAPTER TWO

Sam was surprised when she got back from her appointment with Mrs. Roach to hear that Jake McKoy had called. He wasn't going to need her help with the basement after all.

She frowned, the disappointment tart on her tongue, then she forced a smile and shrugged. "Well, that's good news. Now I can spend my Saturday morning sleeping in late."

Meg shook her head. "Not so fast, young miss. He said he doesn't need your help with the cleaning because he's got a crew coming over this evening but he did say he still needs you to stop by tomorrow. Same time, he said."

"What for?"

"Something about your mentioning that you're an interior decorator. Apparently he needs help in that department."

"Oh." Sam continued to stare at Meg for a few seconds then she blinked. "Okay," she said quickly and walked over to her desk where she dropped her receipt book on top. "I guess I'll go then."

Meg chuckled. "And you can drop the act."

"What act?" Sam slid her hand into her back pocket and stared at the older woman.

"That 'oh, so casual' act. I know you won't mind going back there. From what I've heard from his voice he's a really sexy man."

Sam narrowed her gaze. "You could tell all that just from his voice?"

"That, plus what your Dad told me."

Sam was frowning now. "What did he tell you?"

"That there was a man all alone out at the old Sullivan house and that you turned pink when you talked about him." Meg laughed and shook her head. "It's been a long time since you even gave a man the time of day. Not since Garrick, anyway. But it's about time, child, about time..."

"It's nothing like that, Meg. I don't know why you and Dad are always intent on setting me up." Sam knew when it was time to clear out of there and now was a good time. If she wasn't careful Meg would trap her at the office for another half hour or more giving her the usual advice about not letting an eligible bachelor slip by, particularly in a slouchy town like Tonawanda. The best course of action? Disappear before Meg got going with her lecture.

"I'll catch you on Monday, Meg. Got to run." She grabbed the keys to her Dodge Ram pick-up truck and was out the door before Meg could get another word out.

As she climbed into the truck she grinned. She'd finally won a verbal battle with Meg - by fleeing. She'd taken the chicken's way out and she was not going to apologize for it.

Sam loved Meg. She really did. The woman had been her stepmother for the past twelve years, marrying her father three years after their parents got divorced. She'd been the best thing that ever happened to Alvin Fox, bossing him around, breaking him out of the vices that had led to the disintegration of his first marriage.

Sam's mother, Mary, was a gentle woman who would never cross her husband. Not so with Meg. Within months of meeting her Alvin had ditched the cigarettes and was no longer a regular at the nearby casino. Meg was a religious woman, and if Alvin wanted to be with her he had to walk the straight and narrow path. And he did, much to Sam's relief. She would forever be grateful to Meg for having such a positive impact on her dad's life.

But having Meg in her father's life meant having her in Sam's as well. And that came with a mother hen's fussing and flapping and clucking. For Sam, though, that was a small price to pay for having such a caring woman in their lives.

And besides, sometimes Meg gave very good advice. Sam smiled to herself. She should start listening to her stepmother. Some day.

******

At five minutes to ten on Saturday morning Sam pulled into Jake McKoy's driveway. She hopped out of her truck, slammed the door shut and practically skipped up the steps to the front porch. For some inexplicable reason she was in high spirits today, something that hadn't happened to her in a long time.

It must have been her good mood that made her ditch her usual work attire - jeans and denim shirt - for a pale blue peasant blouse and a white cotton skirt that floated just above her knees. She'd completed the look with sandals sporting long straps that wrapped around her ankles and up her leg. She looked casual and comfortable and definitely not rugged like the day before. And, just because she felt so relaxed and free today, she decided to forgo the band for her hair and instead let it flow freely over her shoulders and down her back.

As she reached up to ring the doorbell Sam couldn't help smiling. Meg would be proud of her. Of course, she hadn't come to the house with any plan to seduce the man. Not at all. She was here on business, after all. But there was no rule saying a girl couldn't look appealing while doing her job.

As the doorbell chimed she smoothed her hair back, took a deep breath and waited. Within a few seconds she heard footsteps and as the door opened a smile automatically stole across her lips. "Good morning," she said brightly then the words died on her tongue as she got a good look at his face. Gone was the somber but pleasant man of the day before. In his place was a man whose face could only be described as sour.

"Morning." It was more a grunt than a greeting. He stepped aside and held the door wide open so she could pass.

Sam raised an eyebrow and went in but she didn't say another word. He was certainly in a rotten mood today. He was the one who had invited her to come to see him but instead of a warm greeting all she'd got was a scowl. What was that all about?

She stopped and waited in the hallway as he closed the door then she followed him to a large room with a desk on top of which were piled books, files and a stack of papers. His office, apparently. When he waved her over to a chair she sat silent, waiting for him to make the next move. She knew enough about men to know when to hold her tongue. He obviously had something on his mind and now was not a good time to be 'Little Miss Perky'.

Jake didn't bother to sit. Instead, he shoved his hands deep into his pockets and looked down at her. "Thanks for coming and for your offer to help me with the basement." He shrugged. "I guess they told you there's no need to worry about that. I got some people to do it."

"Yes." She nodded. "Meg told me."

"I'd like to take advantage of your expertise in decorating. As you can see," he gave her a reluctant smile, "I need help."

For a moment Sam just stared back at him, not sure she wanted to answer with a smile. She'd been in a good mood coming in but he'd gone and changed all that with his grumpy greeting, and two could play that game.

"Just tell me what you need," she said, her tone cool and her face expressionless.

"I'm...not sure." He seemed lost, out of his depth. He looked around the room. "I guess we could start here. What would you suggest?"

He looked so bewildered that Sam could not remain aloof. It was just not in her nature. Relenting, she granted him a tiny smile. "Why don't we start with a tour of the house?"

A look of relief passed over his face and it softened in a smile. "Thank you," he said humbly. "I'll lead the way."

First Jake took her back to the living room which was almost bare except for a few old pieces that did nothing for the room. Its only saving grace was a beautiful fireplace adorned with an elaborately carved mantelpiece. That, she would save. Pretty much everything else would have to go.

The dining room had a long, soulless table that just sat there in the middle of the space with its six equally uninteresting chairs. When Sam raised an eyebrow Jake gave her a rueful smile and admitted that he'd inherited it with the house - among other things.

"I didn't care what the house looked like," he said, a slightly bitter tone creeping into his voice. "I just wanted to get away and this place was available, old furniture and all."

Sam looked back at him, full of curiosity. He'd wanted to get away. From what, exactly? Where had he come from? She opened her mouth to ask then clamped it shut. He'd already started off glum. Now was not the time to try to dig into his past or his private life. Instead she said, "Well, I'm here to help so don't worry. Let's see the rest of the house." She held up the tiny notepad she'd pulled from her pocket. "I'm taking notes as we go along."

The tension in his face eased and he nodded then led the way upstairs to the bedroom. After that he headed back downstairs with Sam in tow.

"So," she said, speaking to his back as he descended the stairs, "why did you decide to redecorate now?

He shrugged but kept on walking. "I guess this was just the right time." At the bottom of the stairs he turned to help her down then said, "You already know what the basement looks like so I just have one more room to show you."

They headed down the hallway toward a room Sam hadn't even noticed. "I don't come here often," he said and his voice cracked. He cleared his throat. "Let's just have a look." He pushed the door open and switched on the light then beckoned for her to enter.

Sam stepped in and her eyes widened as she surveyed the space. Of all the rooms she'd seen so far this was the most beautiful. Spacious and airy with a high ceiling, it had the look and feel of a grand ballroom. Huge windows looked out onto a country garden where flowers, shrubs and stately trees cohabited in a harmony of nature.

And then her eyes focused on the one thing in that room that made her heart flutter - a shiny black baby grand piano. Even with its thin layer of dust it gleamed in the sunlight streaming through the window. Outside of the piano and its stool there was nothing else in the room which made that beautiful instrument stand out even more, impressive in its solitude.

Sam stepped forward then turned back to look at Jake who still stood in the shadow of the door. "Did you get this with the house?" she asked.

He shook his head. "No," he said quietly, "I brought her with me."

Sam nodded as she looked at him. He'd said 'she' and she knew what that meant. This piano was special to him.

She pulled her gaze from him and turned back toward the piano. Slowly, almost reverently, she approached it and when she got close she reached out to rest a hand on its smooth ebony surface. As a child she'd loved playing the piano. It was one of the few luxuries she'd had growing up - her own piano at home and private lessons from the age of four. At one point she'd dreamed of being a concert pianist but, as much as she loved music, it was not to be. She'd put in the hours of practice and she developed her skill to a high level but still there was something missing. That thing was inborn talent.

Of course, with her years of practice she could perform competently. But that was not enough.

On an impulse she turned to Jake who had approached and was watching her intently. "Play something for me," she asked eagerly. "I'd love to hear music fill this room."

To her dismay Jake's face which had been serious before now turned dark with obvious anger. "No," he said, his voice flat, his tone as cold as an arctic glacier. Then, as if that weren't bad enough he marched over to the wide window to stare out into the yard, his back rigid, both hands shoved into his pockets.

What in the world? Sam stared at him in consternation. What had she done to deserve his cold rejection? All she'd done was ask him to play. A simple request, in her opinion. But for some strange reason that request had ignited the flame of fury in this unfathomable man.

She sucked in a breath then let it out slowly. "Do you want me to leave?" she asked, her voice quiet but clear in the stillness of the room.

"No." His answer was quick and he turned suddenly, away from the window and toward her. And on his face was a look that she could not read. "No," he said again, more gently this time. "Please stay." He drew in a deep breath before he spoke again. "I will play something for you."

Jake bit his bottom lip then walked toward the piano. Sam stepped back as he approached and he slid onto the bench and positioned his fingers on the ivory keys.

And then he began to play. His fingers moved tentatively at first, as if trying to remember a once familiar piece, and then he began to caress the keys, his fingers moving expertly and effortlessly as he played.

As the music filled the room Sam could only stand by, staring in awe as Jake played with a skill she could only dream of.

As she moved closer, standing just behind him, he played Mozart's 'Night Music' then flowed into her favorite, Beethoven's 'Fur Elise'. She closed her eyes, letting the music wash over her, filling her with the delight of such sweet melodies. Then, as she basked in the glow of the music, Jake began to play some contemporary pieces then a love song so sweet and so true but so poignant that it brought tears to her eyes. 'Always and Forever' by Heatwave had been their song, hers and Garrick's. They'd selected it for the wedding. And then he'd gone and played that song...when he got married to someone else.

It had been four years since that disaster, four years of pain, but she'd thought her heart was finally immune to any kind of hurt. But not so. Although she'd put Garrick's betrayal behind her and although her love for him had grown cold she knew now that when it came to the healing of the heart, it was not that easy.

She sniffed, fighting to hold back the tears and the music stopped in that same breath.

Jake turned, a look of concern on his face. "Are you alright?"

Unable to speak, she bit her lip and nodded, praying he would just turn back to the piano and play. Oh God, please don't let me cry. She would die of embarrassment if she broke down in front of Jake. But the more she pleaded, the more the tears welled up until they spilled over onto one cheek and then the other.

"What the devil?" Jake hopped up off the stool and in one stride he was standing in front of her. He pulled out a handkerchief and in a surprising show of gentleness, he reached out to dab at her damp cheeks.

Sam looked up at him in misty-eyed wonder. Was this the same man who'd been so cold just moments before? Trembling, she reached up to still his hand then she slipped the hanky from his fingers and dabbed at her eyes. "Thank you," she said, her voice a mere whisper. "I...don't know what came over me."

"Come," he said and put an arm on her shoulder. "Have a seat."

He directed her to the piano bench where he sat down and pulled her down beside him. Then with a sigh he pulled her close until her head was resting on his shoulder. As they sat he stroked her arm, not saying a word, but somehow giving her a comfort that made words unnecessary. Somehow, he understood her pain. She could feel it. It was as if, like her, he was dealing with pain of his own.

After a moment Sam felt Jake move. He shifted on the stool and his arms tightened around her. She could feel it coming. He was going to kiss her.

And she welcomed it. She held her breath and closed her eyes in anticipation.

But nothing happened.

Confused, she peeped out and saw that Jake was frowning. He was staring straight ahead and the somber look was back.

Without warning he released her, got up and walked across the room. It was as if he wanted to put as much distance as possible between them. He cleared his throat then turned to face her. "Well, you've seen all the rooms so I guess that's it. I expect you'll start working on a preliminary budget."

Sam felt her heart sink. He was dismissing her, just like that. Dazed, she stood up and clasped her hands in front of her. Then she nodded. "I...I'll get back to you." Then she added, "Thank you." And she walked out of the room, leaving him standing there watching her in stony-faced silence.

Sam left Jake's house that day confused and humiliated. And she wasn't quite sure if she ever wanted to see him again.

******

Damn idiot. Jake slapped his palm against his forehead and turned back to the window. He'd watched Sam walk out of the room, knowing he'd upset her, and still he'd let her leave. But what else could he have done?

The darned woman had totally upset his plan. He'd cooked up this grand scheme to get her to come back to his house, inviting her this time as an interior decorator. Of course he needed the help but the truth was, that hadn't been his primary reason for engaging her services. He'd just wanted an excuse to see her again. And again.

But then he'd had a change of heart. After all, what right did he have to be happy? He'd decided three years ago that he would never be happy again. Not without Jessica.

When he met Sam he'd had a momentary lapse, forgetting that vow he'd made. Even in her work clothes he'd been captivated by her. He'd accepted her offer to come back and help him clean simply because he wanted to see her again. But then he realized he had an even better excuse - she could help him decorate the house.

But that morning as he waited for her to arrive he recognized what he had done. He'd been bewitched by a beautiful woman but now he had to resist her. It hadn't helped that she showed up on his doorstep looking fresh and feminine in a blouse that showed off her creamy shoulders and a skirt that accentuated her narrow waist. And this time she'd exposed those dainty feet in sandals with straps that drew attention to her slim calves. The dark, waist-length hair he'd admired the day before fell in soft waves around her face and down her back. At the sight of her he knew he was in trouble. If he wasn't careful he'd succumb to her spell and then he would be lost.

And that was why he'd pulled back, concealing the fact that he was thrilled to see her, hiding behind a cold exterior.

But now, in protecting himself he'd hurt a woman who was innocent of any wrong. Frustrated, he walked out of the house, slamming the back door behind him, and headed across the bridge toward his writing studio. As he walked he mumbled under his breath.

What an irony that he'd left Long Island and moved all the way upstate to this little town to escape the world and the women who now saw him as an available bachelor, only to find that he'd fallen into a trap of his own making.

He'd almost reached the end of the bridge when he slowed and stopped. Resting his elbows on the wooden beams he looked over into the bubbling stream. And he thought about Jessica. Spontaneous and saucy Jessica. For seven years she'd been the other piece that made his life whole. She'd been his muse, encouraging him to write even during those times when he doubted himself. She'd been there when he made his first sale, when it hit the New York Times Bestseller List, when he made his first million. And when, after six more bestsellers he'd been declared one of the world's few billionaire authors, she'd been the one who kept him grounded, making sure the money and fame did not derail his passion or his drive to churn out more books.

After that turning point they'd had eleven wonderful months together. And then disaster struck. And it had been all his fault.

Jake shook his head and straightened. He did not want to think about it. He couldn't take the hurt. Not right now.

He turned and finished crossing the bridge. As he walked toward his gallery a plan formed in his mind. There was one thing he knew would be guaranteed to preserve his heart and his life. He'd be doing Samantha a favor by drawing for this wild card. It would hurt but it was the only way to preserve his sanity.

CHAPTER THREE

Although Samantha was still smarting from Jake's cold dismissal she decided not to back out of her commitment to help him redecorate his home. She was a professional and she could not afford to let emotions get in the way of her work. Today, though, she was not so stupid as to dress in her feminine gear. For the benefit of Jake - or more accurately for her own benefit - she went back to her regular work clothes. She was make-up free and wore no jewelry except for knob earrings and a simple gold chain. And she'd added one last touch. Instead of tying her hair back she'd stuffed all of it under a puffy newsboy cap. Not a touch of femininity to her today. She was ready.

Based on what she'd seen on her last visit she'd prepared a list of recommendations for each room along with an estimate. Some of the furniture was worth keeping but most of it would have to go...with Jake's approval, of course. He'd also have to approve a budget for the project. She just hoped he could manage all the changes she was recommending, not just to the furniture but also to the window treatments and even the wallpaper in some of the rooms. The project was not going to be cheap. She was wiling to work with him, though, maybe just doing a couple of rooms now and the rest of the house in a few months. She was always sensitive to the pockets of her clients and he didn't look like one of those who could afford a major overhaul.

Sam called ahead and let Jake know she was on her way over with the estimates.

"That's fine," he said. "I look forward to hearing your ideas."

He'd said the right words but his tone had not been eager at all. In fact, he'd sounded distant, almost as if he didn't care whether he got his house fixed up or not. That did not make sense, though. He was the one who had called her up and requested her services. Well, she wouldn't worry about it. She dealt with all kinds of customers - the pleasant ones and the moody ones like Jake - and none of them had ever deterred her from doing her job. Jake, though, was an enigma...

Well, here goes. Sam hopped into the truck and headed off to the Sullivan's place. Correction - Jake McKoy's place. By the time she was done with it no one would even remember that the old Sullivan couple had lived there. She would recreate that house and make it a home Jake would be proud of.

Just like last time Sam pulled into Jake's driveway and headed up to the porch but this time there was no skip to her steps. All business, she walked up to the door and rang the bell.

Within seconds Jake was at the door, his chocolate-brown hair slightly damp as if he'd just come out of the shower. He was dressed casually in light blue shirt and jeans and, to Sam's chagrin, he looked just as delicious as the first day she'd laid eyes on him. And that was bad.

What she'd hoped was that by now she'd have gotten over her attraction for him. No such luck. Even though he'd slammed her last time, even though she'd vowed to be as cold as steel, her traitorous heart took one look at him and began a happy dance. Crap.

"Come in," he said and, just like last time, he led her down the hallway and to his office.

Sam stepped in behind him and was immediately struck by how different the room looked. The stacks of books were gone from the chairs and from his desk, which now sat big and shiny and bare. Except for a framed photograph that sat to the right of the telephone.

Although she couldn't immediately see the picture in the frame, for some reason Sam's heart tightened. Slowly, she approached the chair and as she sank into it she got a full view of the cause of her sudden distress. She found herself staring at the photograph of a startlingly beautiful blonde woman smiling lovingly into the camera.

Sam felt like she'd been slapped across the forehead with a two-by-four. His wife. Holy heavens, the man was married.

Reeling with disappointment she sank back into the chair, clutching the folder she'd brought with her, glad for something to hold on to. She swallowed as she struggled to regain her composure then, drawing in a deep breath, she forced a bright smile. "Your wife," she said in a falsely cheerful voice as she tore her eyes from the photograph and looked at Jake.

Say no. Please say no. She held her breath as she watched unreadable emotions flash across his face. Oh God, make him say it's his sister.

Jake lifted his head and looked at her and in his eyes was a world of sadness. "Yes," he said, his voice low and lifeless. "My wife."

"She's beautiful," Sam said, the words almost choking her.

"Yes." His voice was low and tense. "She was."

Sam sucked in her breath and her eyes widened as she stared at Jake, noticing the tension in his face, the tightness in his jaw. "Was?"

He drew in his breath then let it out slowly. "Yes. She passed away three years ago."

"I'm...so sorry," Sam whispered, feeling totally inadequate. And guilty. There she'd been lusting after the man when all this time he'd been grieving for his wife. Obviously, he was still very much in love with her.

"I don't want to hold up your time," he said, breaking into her thoughts. "Let's have a look at what you've brought." His tone had turned brusque, his face firm.

Taking his cue, Sam straightened her back and placed her folder on the desk in front of him. "We'll go through this room by room," she said, her tone brisk, "and if you have any concerns just stop me and we'll discuss it."

Sam was surprised when Jake did not raise a single question or objection to her decoration plans. There were some changes that would cost more than a pretty penny and she'd been prepared to make adjustments if he balked. But no, he never said a word in protest. He didn't even raise an eyebrow. She left his house that day ready to shop and transform his house into a haven.

Sam began ordering the furniture, fixtures and materials right away and arranged for them to be delivered to the house. Still, with other projects on the table it was almost two weeks before she was able to return to Jake's place.

And when she got there she was all business. She still remembered that trick Jake had pulled the last time she'd visited, placing the photo of his late wife just where she'd be sure to see it. He was warning her off, telling her to keep her distance. Why else would he have done something like that? Somehow, he must have sensed her attraction to him and resented it. Could she have been that obvious? Well, this is where it would end. Jake McKoy would have nothing to fear.

When he let her in she went straight to the living room, her starting point. The furniture had arrived and already the transformation had begun. She'd brought her stepladder because today she'd be hanging the drapes and the paintings.

"Let me help you." Jake walked over to where she'd placed the stepladder by the window and straightened it.

"No, thank you." She waved a hand at him, almost shooing him away. She was on the job and needed no distractions. And if he stayed in the room with her that was what he would be - a major source of distraction.

He looked surprised at her dismissal but then he nodded and turned and quietly left the room.

For a moment Sam just stood there, staring at the empty doorway through which he had departed. She'd been happy to see him again. When he'd opened the door to her, her heart had given a little skip of joy. But she'd immediately quashed it. And even now when he'd offered to help she'd wanted his company, but she'd had to stay strong. He had no interest in her. That much was clear. And so she would do the sensible thing and keep her distance.

Her mind made up, she gave a quick nod, turned and climbed up the ladder. Her first order of business was to get the old drapes down - dust and all. Good thing she'd brought a disposable dust mask. It was going to be a long and grimy day.

The hours flew by quickly and Sam was so absorbed in her task that she was startled when she heard a knock on the door and Jake came in, bearing a tray with a pitcher of cold lemonade and two glasses.

"How's it going?" he asked as he walked over and laid the tray down on the nearby coffee table. "Looking good."

She'd been just about to climb back up the ladder and had her foot on the second rung when his words stopped her. Was he talking about the room or her? She whipped her head around to look at him with narrowed eyes and, foolish girl that she was, she kept on climbing up the ladder even though she wasn't paying attention.

And she missed her step.

Suddenly, Sam was tumbling backward, arms flailing as she fought desperately to grab on to something, anything to save herself from falling.

She was in the middle of a yell when strong arms encircled her and she was slammed against a rock-hard chest. A shock like lightning ripped through her, the shock of intense physical attraction, and she gasped.

And then he was pulling her up toward him, his head descending, his mouth claiming hers in a kiss so urgent, so commanding, that she moaned as she clung to him. And then as he held her close the kiss softened then deepened until she moaned again, but this time it was from the sheer thrill of finally being in his arms, finally tasting those lips that had tempted her from the start.

She was kissing back, not hiding her desire, when suddenly he froze. To Sam's dismay Jake pulled back and straightened, taking her with him, then gently but firmly set her to stand on her feet.

He looked at her with tortured eyes and mumbled an apology. Then he turned and walked out of the room.

******

Jake strode across the bridge toward his writing studio. He had to get away, clear his head. He'd had Sam in his arms, the very thing he'd been yearning for since he'd first laid eyes on her, and then he'd dropped her like a piece of hot coal. What the heck must she be thinking right now?

And what in the blazes was he doing, sending mixed messages like some kind of insecure teenager instead of a grown man? Pathetic.

He'd thought he could resist her. He'd even gone so far as to pull out Jessica's photo. But even with that secret weapon he'd fallen victim to Sam's sweet seduction.

There was just something about her that drew him out of his shell. She was so beautiful, not in a bombshell kind of a way as Jessica had been, but in a soft, sincere and charming sort of way. It was hard to explain, but Sam had stirred something inside him that had been dormant for a long time.

When Jessica died his flame died with her. He could no longer think and feel, he only existed. His heart was locked away in a tin box that had rusted over. It had lost all feeling and emotion and he'd thought nothing could loosen those rusted hinges.

And then came Samantha, fresh-faced and delicate, even in her heaviest work clothes. And that was when the brick wall he'd built began to crumble. He gave a grunt of frustration then stepped inside the studio and slammed the door shut behind him.

It took several minutes before the tenseness inside Jake began to ease. He reached for a pen and notepad then, with a sigh, he leaned back in his chair. While in his hideout he might as well scribble a few lines. Or at least try to.

He'd been doodling for a while then scribbling random thoughts when a germ of an idea began to form. He'd started so many stories but after the first few pages each one had left him cold. But now, for the first time in years, his mouth went dry and he felt the zing of excitement that told him this story was a winner.

He sat forward and slapped the notepad down onto the desk then as fast as the thoughts came he threw them down on the paper, his fingers flying. As the plot formed he mumbled softly to himself, covering page after page with a story that refused to give him pause.

Jake had no idea how long he'd been writing. He'd stopped watching the clock. He was startled back to reality by a knock on the door.

His head jerked up and he saw the top of Sam's head through the decorative glass in the upper portion of the door. "Come in," he said, his voice hoarse from prolonged silence. He cleared his throat and got up to open the door.

She was standing there on the steps, her smile tentative, a streak of dust on her forehead. He was tempted to reach down and wipe it away with his fingers but he resisted the impulse. Instead, he stepped aside to let her in.

He saw a flash of uncertainty cross her face then she swallowed. "I'm sorry to disturb you," she said, her voice low, "but there was something I wanted to show you. To get your opinion."

He felt a stab of guilt and almost winced. It was because of him that she looked so hesitant. The poor girl probably didn't know where she stood with him. He gave what he hoped was a reassuring smile and tilted his head toward the extra chair.

"Rest for a minute," he said gently. "You must be tired."

She raised her eyebrows and looked liked she was going to decline but then her face relaxed and the tension left her shoulders. "Okay," she said, her voice sounding more like the Sam he knew. "I could take a break right now."

She climbed the two steps and entered the studio, her eyes darting around the room. She was obviously filled with curiosity and for a moment she did not speak. Then she said, "You love books." It was not a question but a simple statement of fact. She'd stared at the walls lined with books and had immediately made a very accurate assessment.

"They're my life," he said simply and went back to his desk where he sat down and looked up at her.

She took that as her cue to finally sit and she looked at the notepad and laptop on his desk. "Are you working on a paper?" she asked, looking interested. "Doing research?" Then she held up her hand. "No, let me guess. You're a professor."

He laughed. "No, no and no. I'm a writer."

Her eyes widened and the admiration was plain on her face. "A writer," she said, her voice breathless. "I've always admired people who could create imaginary worlds on paper. Wow..."

As her voice trailed off, her eyes still trained on him, Jake shifted in his seat. He hated being in the limelight and that was why he'd never made public appearances. He didn't have a single photo on his website. And now, even though it was just Sam, he could feel the prickling in his scalp that told him he was getting just a little bit too much attention. He cleared his throat but before he could speak she gasped and leaned forward, her eyes on the bookshelf just behind his head.

"McKoy," she read aloud. "Killer Instinct." Her eyes narrowed as she read the other titles. "Criminal Pursuit. Dead in December." Her jaw dropped and her eyes flew back to his. "Jake, you're not McKoy, are you? The world-famous suspense writer?"

He felt his face flush and he looked away. Blast it. Exactly what he'd been trying to avoid. Christ. Why hadn't he remembered that he had those personal copies of his book on the shelf? If he'd remembered he probably wouldn't have let her in.

"Jake," she said, her voice insistent, "you're not answering. That means you're guilty. It really is you." She gave a look of triumph that soon morphed into a look of awe. "I can't believe it. I'm in the presence of one of the most successful authors on the planet. Do you know," she whispered, "that you're a billionaire?"

That caught him by surprise and despite his uneasiness, he burst out laughing. On top of all her wonderful traits Samantha Fox was a comedian. At the thought he laughed some more and soon she was laughing, too.

The tension broken, they both relaxed back into their chairs. Sam put up a hand to wipe her eye. "Seriously," she said, "you are the ultimate suspense writer. I bet I'm the only one of your fans who's actually seen what you look like."

"You're a fan?" he asked, still smiling.

"Of course," she said. "I've got four of your books at home as we speak."

"Thanks," he said, feeling genuinely grateful. It was people like Sam who had made him the success he was.

She tilted her head to one side. "Your books simply state your author name as McKoy. A deliberate attempt to remain anonymous?"

His smile dissolved as his face turned serious. "Yes, and I want to keep it that way, Sam. I hope you understand."

"But, of course," she said quickly. She looked directly into his eyes and in her he saw an earnestness that banished any doubts he may have had. "I would never divulge your secret to anyone. I respect your right to privacy, Jake. You can trust me."

And the strangest thing was, he knew he could. He'd known this woman for less than a month and yet he felt he could trust her with his greatest secret. A shock ran through him as another thought entered his mind. He actually felt he could trust Sam with his life.

"Jake," Sam said, her voice gentle, "may I ask you a question?'

"Go ahead," he said with a shrug.

"Don't take this the wrong way but for a man who's so wealthy, why would you want to live in a place like this?" She gave him a shy look, as if embarrassed by her own question.

" When you say 'a place like this' are you talking about the town," he gave her a look of mischief, "or the house?"

"The house, of course," she said with a laugh. "Or maybe both. This is sort of a sleepy town. Why'd you choose this one?"

"Well, you know me," he said and cocked an eyebrow at her.

"Yes," she said with a chuckle, "I do. The ultimate mystery man, staying out of sight. But you know you could have found nicer homes here, right?"

"I know," he said, his voice casual, "but I didn't buy this place for the house. I bought it for the bubbling stream, the beautiful bridge and this little haven at the bottom of the garden."

She gave him a soft smile as she looked at him with eyes that seemed to twinkle in the subdued light of the studio. "That almost sounds poetic."

"Well, I am a writer." His laughter echoed in the room. He got up from around the desk and stretched out a hand to her. "Come on. I'm sure you're starving. I'll make you some lunch." When she rose he stepped back, leaving just enough space not to crowd her. "And then I can see whatever it was you wanted to show me."

Her cheeks turned rosy in a girlish blush and as she turned to go out the door he touched her arm. "One second," he said, as she paused. "If you don't mind..." He lifted the newsboy cap from her head and her hair tumbled around her shoulders and down her back. "That's better."

She rolled her eyes at him and he put a hand to her back and gently prodded her through the door.

"Let's get going," he said, his mood suddenly very cheerful. "I'm starving."

CHAPTER FOUR

"Down, Luther, down." Sam had to fight off the exuberant Russell Terrier as he bounced around her then threw up his paws, almost knocking her over. "I know, honey, I missed you, too, but let me come in, will you?"

Tail wagging, his body trembling with excitement, Luther moved aside just enough for Sam to finally push the door open and step in. This was their ritual every time she came by to visit her mother at the family home just outside of Niagara Falls. Anyone would think Luther would have been bored with her frequent visits, but no such luck. Every time he saw Sam, even if she'd been there just the day before, it was like a grand homecoming.

"Where's Mom?" she asked as she strolled through the house toward the kitchen. She smiled as she saw the big round vase sitting in the middle of the table sporting a wild assortment of flowers, the vibrant colors bringing cheeriness and life to the room. Mary adored flowers and even from her childhood days in this house Sam couldn't remember a day when this kitchen hadn't had a fresh bouquet of flowers.

Luther was following behind her, still whimpering with joy, when a gray tabby with black pencil strips sauntered into the room.

"Sheba, how are you?" Sam leaned down to pat the cat who paused and gave her a haughty look that said, "You may stroke me now." Sam laughed and did as she was told, running her hand from the top of Sheba's head and across her back to the end of her tail. The cat trembled in ecstasy then lifted her head for more of the same. Finally, as a reward to her loyal subject, she rubbed her fluffy body against Sam's leg.

"Do you know where Mom is, Sheba?" Sam asked as she opened the kitchen door and stepped out onto the deck. And, just as she'd guessed, there was her mother sitting in front of an easel in the shade of the thicket of trees and bushes at the bottom of the garden, her eyes focused on the canvas.

Not wanting to startle her, Sam didn't bother to call out. Instead, she descended the steps and walked across the grass toward Mary whose back was turned to her. As she got nearer she saw that her mother was painting a cluster of buttercups nestled at the foot of a majestic old elm. She marveled at the beauty of the depiction, so striking and true. She never ceased to be amazed by her mother's talent.

"How are you, dear?" Mary asked without taking her eyes off the canvas. "You didn't call me yesterday."

"I'm great, Mom." By this time Sam was right beside her mother, and she watched as the delicate hand deftly placed brushstroke after brushstroke, creating the effect of light with the simple addition of a touch of white. "Sorry I didn't call. I just got tied up."

She dropped to the grass by her mother's feet, drew her knees up and wrapped her arms around them. She loved to watch her mother paint. And this evening was perfect for doing just that. It was a beautiful September day, cool enough to be comfortable, the gentle breeze softly stirring the leaves above their heads.

"Almost done," Mary said with a sigh of satisfaction as she put the finishing touches on her work. She obviously loved what she was doing, smiling as she worked and even humming under her breath. She was so different from the mother Sam had known when she was growing up. Where she seemed relaxed now, even carefree, back then her mother would have been better described as subdued and careworn. It was now that Sam realized that she'd been a frustrated artist, her talent suppressed and sacrificed to her role as mother and wife.

"Your father never appreciated this creative side of me," her mother once told her. "He's such a practical man, going out to work and heading back home to the little woman who should only occupy her time with housewifely duties. My painting seemed so frivolous to him." Still, her mother never resented him. They remained friends even after the divorce. She shared with Sam that she was confident she'd made the right decision in moving on. It was neither the smoking nor the gambling that had made her decide to end the marriage. It was the realization that, in order to grow, she had to move on. She recognized the value of Alvin's industry and his skills with his hands. His clients sang his praises all around town. "You got the best of both your parents," she told Sam, "combining the practical world of home repairs with the artistic world of colors and decoration. And you're great at both."

But as far as Sam was concerned, her mother was the true talent when it came to art. She was so good at what she did that her work had been placed in a local gallery and she'd even been invited to teach a couple of evening courses in watercolor painting. And she loved it. She'd truly found her calling.

"That's it," Mary said and laid down the brush then turned to her daughter. "I'm all ears."

"Excuse me?" Sam cocked an eyebrow at her mother. "I'm not here to gossip."

"No, but you're here to talk." Mary gave her a pointed look. "Don't forget, I know my daughter. I've been reading her like a book for the last thirty-two years."

Sam chuckled. "And she can't fool you, right?"

"Never." Mary slipped off her stool and sat on the grass next to Sam. Unfortunately Luther, who had used the doggy trap door to slip out of the house, saw that as a signal to romp and came bounding toward them, his tongue hanging out of his head, his mouth open wide in a grin.

"Here comes trouble." Mary put up her arms just in time to ward off a kiss from a big bundle of energy. "Down, boy, down," she yelled with a laugh then gave him a pat on the rump that made him hop away.

Luckily, probably startled by the commotion, some birds in the bushes at the other end of the garden raised their voices in strident complaint at the disturbance of their quiet evening. That grabbed Luther's attention and he took off barking, leaving the two women in peace for the moment.

"Now," Mary said with a sigh of relief at the temporary respite, "what's on your mind?"

Sam snapped off a blade of grass and twirled it between index finger and thumb. Where to begin? She stared at the thin green leaf, almost as if it held the key to the mysteries of life, then she tossed it away. Might as well plunge in head first.

"Mom, what would you do if you found yourself falling for a man who could not let go of a past relationship?"

Mary's eyes narrowed. "Are you talking about Frank Richards? I had a feeling he was fishing around but I warn you now, stay away from that man. He may tell you he's divorced but he's not. The nerve of him, flirting with women all around town when he knows-"

"Mom, it's not Frank." Sam cut in quickly. Once her mother got started it was a hell of a task to rein her in, especially when she had a notion stuck in her head. "It's...a man."

"Of course it's a man, Sam."

"I mean a real man, not a braggart like Frank Richards."

Mary nodded. "Keep going."

"He's...different from any man I've ever met. So powerful and yet so humble."

Mary gave her a thoughtful look. "Interesting so far, but what's this about a past relationship?"

Sam plucked another blade of grass and gave a deep sigh. "He lost his wife three years ago but you can see he's never really said goodbye."

"He's a widower?"

"Mm-hmm." Sam nodded, her mood solemn. "And it's like he's determined to play the part to the letter." Slowly, she shook her head. "It's strange but from the first day I met him I was drawn to him. He seemed strong and confident but then there was this air of sadness that made me feel I needed to be there for him."

"Oh, Sam, forever intent on saving the world," Mary tsked. "You know that was always your downfall, don't you? Even with that slime, Garrick Sutherland the third."

"Let's not bring him up, Mom. He's not worth discussing." Sam dropped her eyes and plucked a third blade of grass. She didn't want to think about the fact that Garrick had dumped her because she wasn't good enough. Hmm - plumber or attorney-at-law, which to chose? His choice had been pretty easy and she'd found herself out of his life, thrown out on her butt, in the blink of an eye. The weird thing was, he'd known all along what she did for a living. She must have bewitched him somehow and it had taken him a while to realize he could do a whole lot better than her. The jerk.

And now that her mother had brought him up it pulled into sharp focus the question that had been nagging her all along. If she hadn't been good enough for her ex-fiance, how in the world would she have any hope with a man who could buy Garrick a hundred times over?

"I'm sorry, darling," Mary said, breaking into her thoughts. "I didn't mean to bring up bad memories. I just don't want you to get hurt, that's all." Then she touched Sam's arm. "Sounds like this man made a big impact. So who is he?"

"Sorry, Mom, can't tell you." She was not about to give up that piece of information. "All I want to know is, do you think I'd be stupid to give him a hint of how I feel, or should I just leave it alone? I mean, if he's still grieving-"

"No, dear, don't do that."

"Don't do what?"

"Don't back away. Your heart has spoken and whoever he is, it wants this man. I think you should give it a chance, let him know how you feel." She shrugged. "You never know. It may just be what he needs. Maybe you'll be doing him a favor."

"You mean, I should tell him?" Sam frowned, not liking the idea very much.

"Sometimes actions speak louder than words, honey. There are a lot of ways to get your message across."

Sam bit her lip, still doubtful.

Seeing her hesitation, Mary pushed harder. "Come on, Sam. Give yourself a chance. If he's as good a man as you say he is then he might just be worth the effort. Remember," she said with a lift of the eyebrows, "you're not getting any younger. Before you know it you'll be thirty-five and then forty. And what about children?"

"Mom, I don't-"

"No, hear me out." Mary put up her hand. "Just test the water. See how he feels about you. Nothing tried, nothing won."

Sam heaved a sigh. "I know, it's just...hard to compete with a beloved memory. And she was so beautiful..."

"I'm not saying it won't be a challenge," Mary stretched her legs out in front of her and leaned back on her elbows, "but I'm sure you're up to it. Coax him out of his shell. Use your womanly charms."

"Are you saying I should seduce him?" Sam gave her a crooked smile.

"Yes," Mary said with a devilish grin, "softly and sweetly. He won't know what hit him."

Sam laughed out loud. "Mom, you're wicked."

"Only when it matters," Mary said as she joined in the laughter.

Sam relaxed and then she lay back in the grass, folded her arms behind her head, and stared up at the green canopy of leaves through which she could see patches of blue sky. Yes, she would take her mother's advice. It actually made sense.

And as she thought about it a plan began to form in her mind.

******

Long, blonde hair blowing in the wind, she reached out a hand and stroked his jaw as he angled the boat toward the shore. She had such soft hands. He never tired of her touch.

That day on the lake had been one of the happiest of his life, a celebration of his fifth book hitting the New York Times Best Seller List. Little did he know it would be his last with Jessica. That same evening tragedy struck, changing his life forever.

Jake shook his head, snapping out of his reverie. He had to stay alert. He had another sixty miles to go before he arrived at his parents' house in Long Island. He also had to use the rest of the journey to work on lightening his mood. He would be spending a week with them, celebrating his Dad's seventieth birthday in two days. He had no intention of dampening the mood with his long face.

When he finally turned onto the driveway of his parents' home of over forty years, he was ready. Coming back home to Long Island had been difficult. This was where he and Jessica had gone to high school, where they'd come back after college to get married, where they'd planned to settle down and start a family. Instead, it was where his wife had met her untimely death. At his hands.

Stop it, Jake. Stop thinking about it. Focus on Pop's birthday and nothing else.

He switched off the engine and climbed out of the car then got his bag from the trunk. He still had his front door key but he would ring the bell anyway, let them know he'd arrived. He didn't even get the chance to press the button. As soon as he stepped onto the front porch the door flew open and his mother stood there, eyes crinkled in a broad smile. "Jake," she said, throwing her arms wide, "come give your mom a hug. It's been so long." And as he stepped into her embrace her face crumpled and a small sob escaped her lips.

"It's okay, Mom," he whispered. "I'm here now." Yes, it had been long. Too long. This was only his second visit to Long Island since he'd moved to the house in Tonawanda. Before that, he'd been in Boston and Connecticut. Anywhere but Long Island.

Today, though, he was home and he'd do everything in his power to make his family happy, even if that meant suppressing his pain and putting on a brave face.

"Now," he said as he gently lifted his mother's face from his shoulder, "where's the birthday boy?"

After falling into a deep sleep that night, the result of his exhaustion, Jake spent a pleasant day with his parents, followed the next day by a small gathering of close friends to celebrate his father's seventh decade. It was good to be back among the living. He'd cut himself off from the world for so long he'd forgotten the simple joy of conversation. He was surprised at how relaxed he felt. For the first time in a long time he was happy to be home.

The following day was not quite so easy. This was the day he planned to pay a visit to Jessica's parents. Mitch and Ellen Bloom lived less than half an hour's drive away and there was no way he could come to Long

Island and not see them. As hard as it was, it was the right thing to do.

Ellen was out in the garden when he arrived. She immediately came to greet him, giving him a bear hug as soon as he stepped out of the car. Then she stepped back and looked up into his face with sharp, questioning eyes. "You look thin, Jake." She frowned. "Have you been taking care of yourself?"

He gave her a halfhearted smile. The consummate mother hen, Ellen always knew when things weren't quite right. "I'm fine," he told her.

She stared up at him for a few seconds longer, seeming unconvinced, then she took his hands in hers. "Come on. Let's go inside. Mitch is waiting for you."

Mitch greeted Jake just as warmly as Ellen had. Not that he'd expected anything different. The Blooms had been like second parents to him from the time he and Jessica were dating until they got married and beyond. Even after Jessica's death they showed him no resentment but continued to welcome him into their home.

"Don't blame yourself," they'd told him. "It was an accident. She's with God now."

They seemed to have taken it better than he had. Of course they would. They'd had no hand in her death so there was no reason for them to be racked with guilt. For him, though, it was another matter.

"You'll stay for dinner, won't you?" Ellen was saying.

Jake nodded automatically. What was the point in saying no? Ellen would only nag him until she wore him down and he ended up staying anyway. This time he decided to avoid the torture and just give in right away.

As he walked through the house he kept his face emotionless but he was feeling anything but. There were so many things there that screamed Jessica - the old piano where she used to perch on the stool and play him her favorite love songs, the painting they'd picked out together for her mother's sixtieth birthday, and the old photo album that still sat on the coffee table. He'd flipped through it so many times, laughing at photos of Jessica in diapers, Jessica clutching her blankie on her first day of preschool, Jessica at her high school graduation. Now, instead of joy and laughter, the sight of the album only brought him pain.

Jake spent the next five hours with Ellen and Mitch and although it got a little easier as time passed it was with relief that he finally said goodbye and headed for home.

As he drove, the image of Jessica's smiling face filled his mind then the vision morphed into a soft heart-shaped face framed with long, dark hair. Sam. What the devil? He'd just been grieving for Jessica and in the middle of it his thoughts darted off to another woman. God, he was sick. How could his mind be consumed with both women at the same time?

One thing he knew, to preserve his sanity he would have to do his best to resist Samantha Fox and her feminine charms. He needed to continue seeing her to complete the renovation project but from here on it would be strictly business.

CHAPTER FIVE

Cream, peach and a slash of burnt orange. That was the color scheme Sam selected for Jake's music room. Now that he was back from his trip she could move forward with the project. The living room, dining room and den had already been completed and now she was anxious to tackle her favorite room of them all.

She'd been a bit put off by Jake's tone when she'd called to tell him she was coming. He'd dampened her excitement when he answered her in a bored tone, sounding almost distant. But then she perked up. When he saw the fabric she had selected he would sing a different tune. The music room was going to be a beauty. And then, when she'd got him in a good mood, she would execute Plan B.

As she'd done once before, Sam abandoned the boots, jeans and work shirt in favor of a light cotton dress with flared skirt, its pinched-in waist giving her the appearance of a curvaceous figure. She'd let hair fall loose down her back just the way he liked it and had applied her make-up carefully but not heavily to give her a natural, unaffected look. She'd even gone and had her eyebrows waxed which had the effect of making her eyes stand out in all their deep-brown glory. If Jake McKoy hadn't noticed her before, today he most certainly would.

Sam was humming under her breath as she rang the doorbell and waited for Jake to let her in. When the door opened she held up her bundle to a sleepy-looking Jake. "You won't believe what I have here," she said eagerly. "The perfect material for the music room." She barely gave him a chance to step aside before she breezed in, the bulky bag of fabrics clutched to her chest. "Come on. Let me show you," she said and, not waiting to see if he was following, she headed for the room in question.

When she got to her location she made a beeline for the sofa where she sat down and began to spread out her pieces. "Come look at these rich colors," she gushed, bubbling with enthusiasm. "They'll be the perfect palette for this room, with its deep mahogany paneling and, of course, the solid ebony of your grand piano."

She waved a hand, beckoning to Jake who seemed to be hovering in the doorway. "What are you doing all the way over there? Come closer." She leaned over and patted the other end of the sofa.

He came but then he looked so strange, his back so straight and rigid. He didn't look comfortable at all.

She frowned. "Are you okay?"

Only then did his posture change. Her question must have made him conscious of how weird he was acting because he gave a sheepish grin and relaxed into the chair.

"Do you like the colors?" she asked, trying to draw him into conversation.

"Yes," he said with an almost reluctant smile. "Very much." Now he was beginning to look like his old self again. Thank goodness.

After that things went back to normal with Jake holding lengths of fabric while she matched and measured and shared her plans for recreating the room with matching rug and classic paintings for the wall. Working with a man like Jake was a decorator's dream. He did not question her choices and, as for the budget, he approved without comment.

Sam was a bit surprised when Jake invited her to stay for lunch. After the way things had started off she'd expected him to see her to the door as soon as their business was done. But no, he'd asked her to stay and she graciously accepted, smiling inwardly. Her improved look must be working.

They lunched on green salad with baby tomatoes followed by grilled cheese and tuna sandwiches, compliments of Chef McKoy, and with each passing moment his spirit seemed to lift. Relieved at his change of mood Sam began to relax and she gladly accepted the wine he offered her at the end of the meal.

"Mm, nice." She sipped slowly, savoring the tart liquid as it bathed her tongue. "What year?"

"Nineteen eighty-three, from the best vineyard in the Niagara Falls area." Then he tilted his head and gave her one of his crooked smiles. "Just doing my part to support the local economy."

"Thanks," she said with a little giggle. "You're doing a great job."

She lifted her napkin to her lips to dab lightly at the moisture there and when she looked up again Jake's eyes were trained on her and the intensity of his blue-eyed gaze brought a hot flush to her cheeks. He did not look away, and even as she lowered the napkin his gaze did not waver. It was almost as if he were captivated by her. Had her charms worked that well?

Suddenly feeling nervous, she gave a little laugh. "The lunch was great," she said, trying to break the tension. "Thank you."

"You're very welcome," he said quietly and only then did he look away. His brows furrowed and he looked like he had a lot on his mind.

Whatever his issues were, Sam knew there was one thing guaranteed to make him feel better. "Jake, can we go for a walk? Just down to the stream. I'm so full. I think a walk would do me good."

His face softened and he nodded. And then his eyes were on her lips again and this time she knew he wanted her. There was absolutely no doubt in her mind. Why didn't he just take her in his arms and kiss her? He wanted it and so did she. But Jake McKoy was trying hard to resist the attraction between them. Well, she wouldn't let him.

She stood and raised her eyebrows at him. "Coming?"

Even though they strolled it took them less than three minutes to get to the stream but the closer they got the more at ease Jake seemed to become. When they got to the bridge they went to stand in the middle at its highest curve then leaned over to look into the cool, clear water. For a while they stayed silent, breathing in the freshness of the air. When Jake finally turned to her and looked deep into her eyes she knew exactly what he was feeling. She could feel it, too - the pounding of the heart, a quickening of the breath, all in anticipation of a kiss. His eyes, so intense and so blue, said it all.

Her lips parting involuntarily, Sam closed her eyes then turned her face up to receive his kiss. She waited on his lips to descend on hers. And waited. And waited.

What was taking him so long? Her eyes popped open. What she saw made her heart plummet. Instead of staring down at her with eyes full of desire Jake was scowling. Bewildered by his contrary response, she took an involuntary step backward.

And then Jake spoke. "Stop it, Sam," he said through clenched teeth. "I don't want to do this. I can't."

His words were like a slap to her face, startling her out of her dream world and dragging her back to reality.

Never in her life had she felt so embarrassed. She'd laid herself open and vulnerable before Jake and he'd rejected her, treating her with a contempt that left her devastated.

Her body suddenly cold and trembling, Sam turned and ran back across the bridge, cursing the day she'd decided to take her mother's foolish advice.

Trying to tempt Jake McKoy had been the worst mistake of her life.

******

So he'd screwed up. Big time. In shielding his heart he'd gone and hurt a woman who didn't deserve that. And this time...well, he wouldn't blame her if she refused to even do business with him after this.

He couldn't take back his words. He couldn't reverse his actions. Nothing he said or did could erase the look of utter dejection that crossed her face at his words. The sight had been like a knife to his gut and he'd wanted to take it back, to hold her and kiss the pain away. But she'd moved too fast, running blindly across the garden and round the house. And she hadn't stopped running even then. He heard the engine of her truck start up and then she was gone. He hadn't heard from her since. One day. Not a long time under normal circumstances but to him it felt like a year. And it wasn't just his pain that was tearing him apart. It was hers.

He picked up the phone and dialed. She answered on the fifth ring.

"Hello?" Her voice was tentative and faint.

"Sam," he said gently, "I'm sorry about yesterday. I didn't mean to hurt you."

"You...didn't," she said, her voice cool and tight.

She was lying, of course, but what was the use in arguing that point? Right now all he wanted was to make things right. "Will you have dinner with me tomorrow?"

"Excuse me?" Her voice was sharp with disbelief.

"I'd like you to have dinner with me," he repeated, his voice deliberately calm. This was an emotional situation and he didn't want to make things worse. "That is, if you're available."

"Why?" The question was abrupt, her tone suspicious.

"We need to talk."

"About what?"

Jake stifled a sigh. She was not making this easy. "I'd like to explain my...behavior."

Silence. Not exactly the response he'd expected. Where were the questions? Where was the angry rejoinder? Instead, nothing but silence.

"Sam, you have every right to be mad at me but all I'm asking is for a chance to talk to you. Please."

Finally, after more seconds of silence, her answer came. "Fine. Just this once."

Not a particularly enthusiastic response but Jake was grateful. She could have said no.

They made the arrangements for the date, with Jake offering to pick her up. She refused. "I'll meet you there," she told him. She probably wanted to hold on to the chance to make a quick escape. And how could he blame her? He'd been like a pendulum, swinging from 'thrilled' to 'gloomy' all in the same afternoon. She probably thought he was nuts.

He smiled ruefully to himself then shook his head. Tomorrow night he'd have to be on his best behavior.

******

Sam pulled into the parking lot of The Italian Garden and shut off the engine. So here she was, all dressed up for her date with Jake McKoy, and she was miserable.

We need to talk, he'd said. And she could just guess what he wanted to talk about. She'd crossed the line when she'd revealed her attraction for him. Obviously, he'd been offended.

She was a plumber, for heaven's sake, and he was a billionaire author. What business did she have dreaming of winning his heart? She'd attracted his attention, she knew, but so what? When it came to taking a woman seriously men like Jake were only interested in their own kind.

So tonight's talk could only be one of two things. He was either going to warn her to back off and focus on her job...or he was going to fire her.

She drew in a deep breath, grabbed her purse and slid out of the truck. "Well, here goes nothing," she murmured under her breath then straightened her shoulders and held her head high. She refused to be defeated. If he didn't want her, well so be it. She'd had a life before she'd met Jake McKoy and she'd still have one after he was gone.

But when she breezed into the lobby of The Italian Garden she wasn't so sure. He was standing there, his back to the entrance, seeming totally absorbed in reading the lighted menu on its freestanding pedestal. In dark jacket and black slacks, the subdued light illuminating the profile of his jaw, he looked both serious and sophisticated at the same time.

Sam felt her breath tighten in her chest. It was hard, having to accept that after tonight she'd probably never see him again. She lingered a few seconds longer, drinking him in with her eyes, imprinting the image on her mind, then clutching her purse close she stepped forward. "Hello, Jake," she said, her voice low and husky even to her own ears. She almost sounded sexy. Well, none of that would be any use to her right now. She was about to get her 'walking papers'.

He looked up and when he saw her his pensive look dissipated and he gave her a smile that looked genuine. Dared she hope that he was happy to see her?

"Hello, Sam," he said as he turned toward her. "You look very beautiful."

"Thank you." She dropped her eyes, felling the warmth of a blush rising to her cheeks. Get a hold of yourself, woman. He's just saying that to be polite.

The maitre d' came forward and Jake cupped her elbow with a firm hand and guided her toward the table for two. He pulled out her chair and waited until she was seated before taking up his position across from her. They placed their order then waited for their wine glasses to be filled. Then, finally alone, their eyes met across the candlelit table.

"Thank you for coming, Sam. I know you didn't have to."

She bit her lower lip then nodded. What could she say? I know you're going to give me the boot but I came anyway because that's the kind of girl I am? As sad as the thought was she almost smiled. She'd always prided herself on being strong but this evening she was feeling anything thing but.

"I wanted to tell you, I'm sorry."

Sam blinked. "Excuse me?"

"I know I acted like a brute yesterday and I wanted to apologize. And explain." Jake frowned as he stroked the stem of his wine glass with his thumb then he gave an almost bitter laugh. "You must think I'm the strangest man you've ever met."

"No, I understand." She'd said it quickly, without thinking, but then she realized she really did understand. "You lost someone you loved deeply and...you need more time to deal with it." Sam remembered how long it had taken her to recover from being jilted just a month before her wedding. It had taken a long time for her to even think of another man in that way. How much worse it must be for Jake who had lost the woman he'd shared vows with? He definitely needed more time to heal.

He raised his glass to his lips and took a sip. A few seconds passed and then he spoke. "I wish that was all," he said sardonically, "but there's more."

Sam frowned but said nothing. She would let him speak in his own time. Mirroring his action, she reached for her glass and began to sip her wine. It helped fill the silence while she waited.

"My wife is dead because of me."

For the second time that evening Sam blinked in surprise. No, shock was a more accurate description of her state. She returned the wine glass to the table with a bump. "What do you mean?" She stared at him in consternation.

Jake's face darkened with emotion and his fingers tightened on the stem of his glass till Sam thought it would snap in two. "It was a car accident," he said, his voice brittle and harsh. "I was the one driving."

Sam stifled a gasp and held her tongue. Now was not the time to interrupt.

"I...wasn't paying attention. I took my eye off the road for one split second and...that was all it took." His jaw tightened and he looked away, eyes narrowed as if seeing the accident all over again. "The SUV in front of us stopped suddenly and I ran into the back of it. It wasn't a huge van but...Jessica wasn't wearing her seatbelt." He looked at Sam then, and his face was gray with pain. "I didn't know. I thought she'd buckled up. She cracked her head against the windshield. She never...woke up from her coma."

It was then that Sam reached for his hand. She had to do something, even if just that. She couldn't bear to see him in so much pain. "It wasn't your fault, Jake. It was an accident."

He shook his head sadly. "But it was an accident I caused. When I took my eyes off the road it was to glance at her. We got into an argument over something stupid...I can't even remember what. All I remember is that I said something in anger, looked at her...and then she screamed."

"I am...so sorry." The words were so bare, so inadequate, but Sam didn't know what else to say. What do you tell a man drowning in a sea of guilt, a man who refused to be comforted because he felt he deserved to suffer?

"If it weren't for me she'd still be alive." He pulled his hand away from her grasp and sat back in his chair. Then he folded his arms across his chest. "What right do I have to be happy when the woman I loved is dead and I was the one who killed her?"

Sam slid her hand from off the table and returned it to her lap. As she watched Jake she could see his emotional struggle in the resolute set of his jaw and his defensive posture, folding his arms as if to lock himself away from anyone who would dare reach out to him in sympathy.

So that was it. The problem was not with her, it was with Jake. Because of his feelings of guilt he'd decided that he should suffer all the days of his life.

Which made things even worse for Sam. Competing with the ghost of his late wife was one thing but trying to convince a guilt-ridden man that he deserved happiness was a horse of a different color. You can't save a man who doesn't want to be saved. Jake's healing could not come from her. He would have to find that will within himself.

Until then, as far as winning his love was concerned, Sam now knew that she didn't have the chance of an ice cube in hell.

CHAPTER SIX

"So how's my girl doing?" Alvin trudged into the office in his muddy work boots without wiping his feet. As usual. At Meg's sharp look he dropped his toolkit and backed out. "Alright, alright," he muttered as he went back down the steps. "Sheesh."

Meg looked across at Sam sitting at the computer and laughed. "You can't teach an old dog new tricks."

When Alvin tramped back into the office his boots were wet but sparkling clean, obviously freshly washed. He must have gone round back and turned the hose on them. Sam grinned at her Dad. Smart man. Much easier than sitting on the step, cleaning off mud.

"So how's my girl?" he asked again and walked over to give her a peck on the forehead. "You've been so busy with your decorating gigs I haven't seen much of you around the office lately."

"I know, Dad," she said, her tone apologetic. "But things have eased off a bit now."

"Well, I'm glad to have you back," he said with a wide grin. "I missed my plumbing partner. Didn't we, Meg?" He walked over and kissed his wife on the cheek.

"Sam's not my plumbing partner and of course we miss her," she said and swatted at him. "Now leave me alone. Don't you see I'm trying to get these invoices done?"

He lifted his eyebrows to Sam and gave her a crooked smile. "That's my wife for you, all love and kisses." Then he grabbed his lunch kit and headed for the kitchen in the back.

As soon as he was out of earshot Meg dropped her stack of invoices onto the desk and turned her sharp eyes on Sam. "Your dad made a good point," she said as she tapped her pen on the desk. That was what she always did when she was thinking. "For the last few weeks you've been so focused on your decorating jobs we've hardly seen you. Now all of a sudden you have the time to spend four days out of a week with us?" Meg cocked her head to one side. "This is the first time Alvin has come in early enough to catch you in the office but I've been here all week. With you. What gives?"

"Oh, nothing." Sam shrugged, trying to look casual.

"Don't give me that," Meg said with a snort. "You've been moping around all week like you just lost your best friend." Then she frowned. "One of your friends didn't die, did they?"

"No, nothing like that," Sam said quickly before Meg reached over and grabbed her in an unsolicited bear hug. "I guess I've just been in...low spirits, that's all." As soon as the words were out, Sam realized her mistake. She'd given Meg the perfect opening to play mother hen.

And her stepmother did not hesitate to take the opportunity she'd been handed on a platter. "Oh, sweetie, what's the matter?" With her stout arm she pushed the invoices to one side and the ledger paper to the other, clearing her desk as if preparing for a consultation with a client. The woman should have taken up psychology as a profession, the way she loved to listen to people's woes and give advice. "Tell Meg all about it," she crooned.

Sam sighed but she only shook her head. She wished she could share her dilemma with someone but she hadn't told a soul, not even her mother, and she was not about to spill her guts to Meg. That was one sure way for a full and detailed report to get back to her father.

"So are you going to tell me or not?" Meg's mouth was set in the beginning of a pout. She hated to be denied some juicy tidbit of information.

"Not." Sam was not about to entertain her.

"Fine," she said and settled back in her chair to stare over at Sam. She crossed her arms then gave a smug smile. "You don't need to say a thing. I know exactly what your problem is."

"Oh, really." Sam rolled her eyes. Meg didn't know a thing about her private life. She swiveled her chair and turned back to the computer screen. She might as well finish up her research on color palettes and then get out of there before her dad came back to the front office. He'd been known to gang up with Meg to try to influence her to do things against her will. Like talk. Well, not this time.

"It's that man, isn't it? That Jake McKoy fellow."

Sam froze, her fingers hovering over the keyboard, then she turned to Meg. "How..." she bit her lip. She didn't want to say anything to tip Meg off. Her stepmother could easily have guessed it had something to do with Jake. She'd known Sam had been out there several times for the decorating job but how had she known his name? She hadn't written his full name on the work order, only J. McKoy. And then she remembered - his check. His signature had looked like chicken scratch but his name had been printed at the top, big and bold. Meg must have read his name from that.

Then Sam relaxed. What was she so uptight about? There was no way Meg could connect Jake to McKoy, the world renowned author. There was absolutely nothing to worry about.

Meg chuckled. "How, she asked. How did I know that your long face was because of him?" She tapped her temple with her finger. "Meg knows these things, Sam. You're looking at a woman with a lot of experience in the world. And that's how I know what your real problem is." She paused as if to create suspense. Then, beaming with confidence, she said, "You really like the guy but he can't make up his mind who he likes more - you or his dead wife."

Sam almost fell out of her chair. How in the world had Meg guessed all that?

"Oh, don't look so stricken." Meg waved a hand at her. "It's all over town that this eligible bachelor is living all by his lonesome self with a face so pale and drawn it can only mean he's grieving. He's been into town a couple of times, the bank and such the like, and the old gossips say he never smiles."

Well, so much for keeping things secret. Jake would be disappointed to know he was already the topic of conversation in town and those old girls were experts at digging up information. The FBI had nothing on them.

The only consolation was that they had no idea who he really was. Or did they? "What else did they say about him?" Sam narrowed her gaze as she watched Meg, trying to see if she was hiding anything.

Her stepmother shrugged. "That's pretty much it. Just that he looks like he's alone, it looks like he's grieving, and he must be a widower. Oh, and one other thing."

Sam's heart jerked and she held her breath. That other thing - was that Jake's greatest secret?

"They said they're working on a list of girls they're thinking of trotting out to introduce to him. They're thinking of throwing some kind of barbecue at the park and inviting him." Meg wagged a finger at Sam. "So if you have any designs on the man you'd better move fast, honey, 'cause if these old biddies have their way you'll soon be in for a lot of competition. Get crackin'."

Sam expelled her breath and Meg must have sensed her sadness because she rolled her chair forward and touched her hand. "I know, I know," she whispered. "He's resisting and it's driving you crazy."

Sam frowned. Had Meg been studying mind reading or something?

"I know people, Sam, and men? They're my specialty." Meg patted her arm. "When a man is grieving it's the hardest thing for him to talk about how he's feeling. He's got to be tough all the time."

Sam nodded slowly. Meg was making sense. So far.

"The problem is, it makes things worse for him. With all that sadness bottled up inside he can't heal. He can't move on. I bet he hasn't even said goodbye to his wife."

"Said goodbye?" Sam was frowning again. Now this was where Meg's line of reasoning began to break down. The man must have gone to his own wife's funeral. Wouldn't that have been enough of a goodbye?

"Sam, trust me on this," Meg said. "If he's still grieving that means he hasn't really said goodbye. He may have been there when she was laid to rest but he never let go. Not really. There's something holding him back. Isn't there, Sam? You can tell me."

"Why...yes, there is."

Meg put up her hands. "I knew it. He feels guilty. Nine times out of ten that's the reason they can't let go. But let me tell you something," she leaned forward as if sharing a dark secret, "if that man is ever going to love again he will have to say goodbye. And since he probably doesn't know that, it's going to fall on you to tell him."

"But...how do you know all this?" Sam stared at her, confused. Meg had spoken as if she'd been right there in Jake's house, observing him and taking notes. This was all so weird.

"Well, you haven't denied anything I've said so far, have you?" When Sam didn't answer Meg chuckled. "A lot of it was just speculation but I was right, wasn't I?"

Sam could only nod.

"Okay, so now you know what you have to do. Talk to him and after that I don't want to see you with a long face around here. You've done enough moping to last all year." With that, Meg got up and gave her a quick hug. "Now let me go check on your father. It's way too quiet in that kitchen."

Sam raised an eyebrow. "He probably fell asleep."

Meg responded with a grunt. "You know him well."

When she was gone Sam stared at the computer screen. She was giving serious thought to Meg's suggestion.

The problem was, that conversation would require a whole lot of courage.

******

Jake was back in Long Island and it was all because of Samantha Fox.

He'd been surprised when, after several days of silence, she'd called him on the phone. He'd been more surprised when she brought up the subject of his wife. And then she'd floored him with the most bizarre suggestion he'd ever heard. According to Sam he needed to say a proper goodbye to Jessica. Only then would he be able to heal. Most important, though, he was to ask Jessica's forgiveness. And that was why he was here.

Jake climbed the grassy bank to the little knoll where Jessica's grave lay. His heart heavy, he approached the little mound then stood looking down at the headstone with the angel, its arms spread wide as if to welcome him. "Jessica Layne McKoy" the headstone read, "1974 - 2009. Loving daughter, wife and friend. May you rest in peace."

Rest in peace. Were there any words sadder than those? His heart breaking, Jake swallowed hard, fighting to keep his emotions in check. He lowered his head and sank to his knees in the grass.

"Jessica," he said, his voice mere whisper. "Jessica." That was as far as he got.

His heart swell inside him and he felt like it would burst from his chest. It was such agony, kneeling there at her feet, knowing that she was lying beneath the ground - but it was not her. Not really. The real Jessica, the one he'd known and loved, the true essence of who she'd been, had departed three years ago.

Since the funeral Jake had been back to Jessica's grave three times but this trip was hardest of all. Each time before he'd told her he loved her but now he couldn't speak. There was a lump in his throat, choking him as he fought hard for control.

But it was no use. He slumped forward, his forehead pressed into the grass, and for the first time since the funeral the tears came.

Jake dug his fingers into the grass, his shoulders heaving as he gave way to the waves of grief that washed over him. Jessica, dear sweet Jessica was gone forever, and no amount of self-torture or denial would bring her back. It had finally sunken in. He had to say goodbye.

"Jessica." His voice was a broken whisper. "I'm sorry. So sorry. Please...forgive me."

The ache in his heart burst and spread through his body and he moaned in pain that was almost physical. But then a gentle breeze came floating over his back like a soft caress, somehow soothing his tortured soul. Dared he think it was a sign? Could he be forgiven? For a long time Jake stayed there, as still as stone, his thoughts going back to the wonderful times he'd shared with Jessica. Those years he'd had with her were a gift he would cherish as long as he had breath.

"Thank you," he whispered, "for all the love you gave me. I will never forget you."

Later, much later, as he walked back down the hill and toward the cemetery gate he drew in a deep, cleansing breath. He now knew what he had to do. There was only one way he could make things right in his soul. The thought had come to him as he bowed there on his knees.

Now he had a plan - and a purpose - and he was ready to move.

CHAPTER SEVEN

"Not the moping again." Meg stepped into the office and slammed the door behind her. "What a rain. It felt like God was up there throwing down buckets of water." She shook out her umbrella and leaned it in the corner then unbuttoned her raincoat and shrugged it off. She hung it on the coat rack then turned to Sam. "So what are you doing here so early in the morning? It's not even eight o'clock yet."

"I had some charts I wanted to print off before I hit the road."

"And I bet you haven't done it yet." Meg patted her bun and paused to give her an accusing look.

"What? Printed the charts?"

"No, silly." Meg waved a hand as if in exasperation. "Called the guy. Remember our talk?"

"I remember," Sam said quietly. "And I did call him."

Meg's eyebrows shot up. "You did? How did it go?"

"I'm...not sure." Sam began stacking papers, trying to look busy. She didn't want Meg to see how nervous she was. "We spoke on the phone and he seemed to understand what I was trying to say but then...it's been a week. I haven't heard from him since." She lifted her eyes from the papers and looked at Meg. "Do you think I should call again?"

"Of course you should, child. As long as your conversation ended on a friendly note there's no reason not to."

Sam pulled at a lock of hair that had slipped out of her scrunchie. "I don't want him to think I'm stalking."

"That's not stalking, that's being proactive. Listen," Meg gave her a conspiratorial look," "men don't know what they want half the time. You have to prod them along. If I had waited for your father to make up his mind on his own do you think we'd be married today?" She gave her trademark snort. "I'd probably still be waiting for him to pop the question."

Sam sighed. "Okay, I'll call. But it's only to check that he's okay, not because I'm fishing for a date or anything like that."

"Of course not, dear. I totally believe you." Meg's wide grin said she'd formed her own conclusions.

Well, whatever Meg thought, that was her problem. She'd call but definitely not from here. Her stepmom knew too much already.

And that was how Sam ended up making the call from her cell phone that afternoon while sitting in her car in the local park in the shade of a copse of trees. As the gentle breeze blew through the car window she dialed Jake's number.

"Hello." It was more of a moan than a greeting.

Sam frowned. "Jake? Is that you?"

Another moan then a hoarse whisper. "Not so loud. Please."

Sam's heart lurched. "What's the matter?" Luckily she remembered to whisper her urgent question. "You sound terrible."

"Migraine," he whispered then groaned. "Since yesterday."

"Oh, my God." Sam felt her heart flutter. Jake was in pain and he was all alone. "I'm coming over. Just leave the front door open for me."

"Okay," he said with a sigh then hung up.

At the speed at which Sam drove that morning she got to Jake's house in under fifteen minutes. She didn't bother to ring the doorbell but just turned the knob. Good. He'd left it open like she'd asked. She left her boots at the front door and climbed the stairs to the master bedroom. The door was ajar. "Jake?" she said softly, understanding how sensitive he would be to loud noises. She pushed the door open wider and stuck her head in. The curtains were drawn and all she could see in the dimly lit room was a blanket-covered mound in the middle of the king-size bed.

"Jake," she whispered again as she padded over to the bed. He didn't even budge.

Gingerly, Sam sat on the bed beside him and rested a gentle hand on what must have been his shoulder. This time she said nothing but stroked slightly so he would know she was there.

Only then did he stir. He gave a groan from deep under the covers and slowly pulled the blanket from over his head. He struggled to open his eyes and then he was squinting up at her. She gasped. Jake's eyes were bloodshot and puffy, his forehead wrinkled in pain, and he looked like he hadn't shaved in days.

"Oh, Jake," she whispered, her heart weeping at the sight, "you poor thing." She rested her palm on his forehead and he sighed and closed his eyes.

What did it matter that she was little more than a stranger to him? What did it matter that he'd been running away from her since the day they'd met? Right now he needed her and she was going to be there for him - whether he liked it or not.

"Just relax," she said softly. "I'm here now. You're going to be alright."

He didn't answer but just lay there with his eyes closed, his breathing shallow, perspiration beading his upper lip.

Sam slid off the bed and headed for the bathroom where she grabbed a face towel off the rack and held it under the faucet. She wrung out most of the water then headed back to the bed where she folded the towel into a narrow strip and laid it over Jake's forehead and eyes.

"Aah." He let out a long sigh of relief and she could see his body relax back into the pillow.

Gently, she pulled the blanket out of his grip and drew it down to his waist. His cotton T-shirt was soaked with perspiration. She looked around. He needed to change. There was no way he could be comfortable in that.

She walked over to his chest of drawers and, after a moment of hesitation, she pulled the top one open. She was loathe to invade his privacy but under the circumstances she had little choice. In the top drawer she found boxer shorts and in the middle drawer, T-shirts. She grabbed one of each and dropped them on the bed then hurried to the bathroom where she soaked a couple of washcloths in tepid water then went back to him.

"Jake," she whispered, "I'm going to give you a quick sponge bath and change you. You're soaking wet."

"Okay," he whispered then licked his lips. He was probably parched. She'd deal with that in a minute.

Slowly, she lifted the towel from his eyes and as he blinked she paused to give him a few seconds to clear his sight. Then, just as she'd been taught when she'd done that first aid course as a teenager, she slid her arm under his back and raised him up, bending her knees for maximum support.

Quickly, she stripped off the damp T-shirt then made quick work of sponging his chest and his back with the washcloth. She had little time to admire his firm, muscled torso. She needed to dress him quickly. His body was so warm that the moisture from the washcloths dried instantly so she slid the fresh T-shirt over his head without delay.

"This part of the bed is damp," she told him. "Slide over to the other side."

Tentatively, he shifted his body over then lay back onto the pillow. He closed his eyes again.

Sam grabbed the towel and rags and ran back to the bathroom where she soaked them again. Knowing how soothing a cool towel could be, she folded it and again covered the upper portion of his face. She was rewarded with his grateful sigh.

She stepped back and looked down at him, strong and confident Jake, now so weak and vulnerable. Sickness was a great leveler, bringing down even the mightiest warrior. She just hoped his relief would come soon. She hated to see him suffer.

Sam leaned over and pulled the cover over his belly then whispered, "Did you want me to get you some painkillers?"

He swallowed then spoke. "Took some already. No help. But what you did...is making me feel better."

Sam smiled even though he couldn't see her, happy that she'd been able to bring him some relief.

She was surprised when he slid his hand from under the covers and lifted it in the air. She reached out and took it, and he clasped her hand tight. "Thanks for coming," he said, his voice stronger this time. "I appreciate it."

For some strange reason tears pricked the backs of her eyes. Overcome with emotion, a cross between sadness and joy, she surprised herself when she raised their clasped hands to her lips and planted a soft kiss on his knuckles. "You're very welcome," she murmured then laid his hand on his chest.

Sam slid her hand from his then leaned down to whisper. "I'll go down and get you some water. I'll be right back." As he muttered his thanks she slipped away.

Down in the kitchen Sam found a couple of pill bottles on the table and an almost empty glass of water. She knew from personal experience that many times it was not the painkiller that eased the ache but the water. Probably something to do with oxygen sent to the brain. She filled a jug with water and grabbed a glass from the dish rack.

When she tiptoed back into the room it was to the sound of Jake's gentle snoring. Thank goodness he'd drifted off. There was nothing better for healing than deep, restful sleep. She laid the jug and the glass on the nightstand then slowly lifted the warm, damp cloth from his eyes. He didn't shift and there was no pause in his soft snores. Good.

She would let him rest but she was not going to leave him alone again. She glanced around the room and saw a hard cover book on top of the chest of drawers. Curious, she walked over. 'The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes'. Not exactly her cup of brew but she would entertain herself with it and pass the time until he woke up. She took the book over to the armchair by the window and sat down. Soon she was engrossed in the adventures of the greatest fictional sleuth of all time. She slipped into the world of nineteen century England and Tonawanda and the twenty-first century faded away.

******

Jake groaned, almost as an automatic reflex, and opened his eyes. He looked around then gingerly he moved his head, expecting the pain to shoot across his forehead. Nothing happened. He turned his head to the other side. Still nothing. His headache had completely disappeared.

And then his eyes fell on a river of long, black hair flowing over the side of his armchair and down to the floor. He pulled himself up onto the pillows and stared. Sam. How could he have forgotten?

Sam had turned out to be the merciful angel who had nursed him when he'd been at his lowest point. And she was here in his bedroom, her face so innocent in sleep, her luscious br**sts rising and falling with each breath.

Blast it. He'd just recovered from a blinding headache and already he was lusting after a woman. But not any woman. No, it was the woman who had bewitched him, the only one in the last three years who had been able to turn his head.

Jake groaned, but it was not from any kind of pain in his head. It was this darned attraction that he could not shake. With the return of his health had come the return of strength to a most intimate part of his anatomy. And that would not do. If Sam woke and decided to look his way he'd certainly scare her with this painfully obvious tent in his pants. He had to get rid of it, and fast.

Quietly, so as not to wake his sleeping guest, Jake slid out of the bed and headed for the bathroom. A cold shower would do the trick.

When the refreshing spray hit his body it did not only cool him down but it woke him up as well. He made quick work of his shower, brushed his teeth then lathered his face for a shave. He grimaced into the mirror. He looked like a caveman.

Within minutes he was back in the bedroom dressed in boxer shorts with a towel wrapped around his waist. Barefoot, he walked over to the night table where he helped himself to a drink of water then he turned to Sam who was still curled up in the armchair. His good Samaritan. Jake couldn't help smiling as he stared down at her sleeping form. On an impulse he walked over and bent down to brush his lips against her forehead.

She stirred, gave a soft sigh, and her eyelids fluttered open. Forehead crinkling, she stared up at him in confusion then her face softened in a smile. "You're up," she said softly, "and you look much better." As he stared at her rosebud mouth, the soft, full lips parted and she gave him a smile of obvious relief.

With her face turned up to his, her mouth so soft and inviting, there was no way Jake could resist stealing a kiss. As soon as the thought entered his mind, before he could find reasons not to, he lowered his head and captured her lips in a kiss that told of his longing. Sam moaned against his mouth but she did not resist. She kissed him back with a fervor that left him in no doubt that she wanted this as badly as he did.

As the kiss deepened Jake slid his hands under her arms and lifted her from the chair to press her against his body, still cool from the shower. As he held her in his arms he hardened in his shorts and he gave an involuntary groan. He wanted her so badly. Reluctantly, he pulled his lips from hers but, giving her no chance to recover, he feathered kisses across the line of her jaw, down her neck and across her collarbone. His heart thrilled when he heard her moan of pleasure.

As she arched her back, giving him greater access to her body, he locked his arms tighter around her waist and lifted her off her feet. As he turned her toward the bed the knot in his towel loosened and it fell to the floor. No matter. He had no need for it, anyway. Right now the less there was between them the better.

Acting on that thought, he laid her in the bed then began to loosen the buttons on her shirt. He wanted to see her, touch her, taste her. He wanted to feel her skin against his, nothing between them, just heated flesh entwined in mutual abandon.

He had half the buttons loose now and he paused to gaze down at the fullness of her br**sts as they filled the black lace cups of her bra. Delicious. He dipped his head and kissed the tops of those creamy mounds and she gasped and arched her back. He pressed his attack, reaching up to pull down the right cup so that the rose-tipped nipple popped up pretty and pert and inviting. He covered that rosebud with his lips and drew it deep into his mouth until he heard her cry his name.

But he gave her no mercy. He nuzzled that nipple, rolled it and worried it until she groaned and slid her hands up into his hair to anchor his head to her br**sts. He gave her all the pleasure she craved, soothing her nipple with sweet strokes of his tongue and soon she was sighing in satisfaction.

She was ready, he could tell, so he pulled back just far enough to tackle the rest of the buttons on her shirt. He opened it out, revealing the smooth, pale skin of her belly. So beautiful. He licked his lips then slid his hands lower till one of them rested on the top button of her jeans.

He'd just begun to slide the button through the hole when he felt soft hands descend on his, gentle but firm. Immediately he stopped and looked down into her eyes.

"No," she whispered. "Not like this. Not when you're not ready."

He stared at her, confused, and then he realized she was right. How was he going to make love to her when he didn't have protection? He shook his head then gave her a look of regret. "Sorry," he said with a sigh. "No condoms."

"No," she said again. "Not that."

"Then what?"

She stroked his hand with her thumb. "Emotionally. You have to make sure you're ready."

Jake drew back then propped himself on his elbow and contemplated her in silence, knowing that even in this context she had a point.

Samantha Fox was something else. She was willing to suppress her own desires until she was sure he wasn't running headlong into something he wouldn't be able to handle afterwards. He had to respect her for that.

And she was right, of course. He needed to give this more time.

He reached out a hand to touch her cheek. "Now might not be the right time for this," he said, "but soon it will be." Tenderly, he ran his finger over her lower lip. "And when that time comes I will find you."

She smiled at him then, a soft, alluring smile. "I'll be waiting," she said softly.

They were the sweetest words he'd heard in a very long time.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Brent Baker was at it again, steeped in the mystery of the moment. That was what had caused Jake's downfall earlier that week. He'd returned from Long Island after an eight hour drive and next day, the thoughts teeming inside his head, he'd begun to write feverishly, the ideas fighting for him to give them life on paper.

Brent Baker, his main character, had dug himself into a dilemma and now he was facing the villain - with no weapon.

The thoughts had flowed that day and Jake had gone without breakfast, lunch and dinner, munching on fruits, crackers and anything he could grab. Sometimes he'd forgotten to have even that. By the end of the day a throbbing started just behind his left eye and by midnight he was almost blinded by the pain. Nothing he'd taken had helped and he'd suffered alone for almost two days - until Sam came and rescued him. Thank God for her.

Now that his book was flowing he felt like his old self again and decided to pick up some of the projects he'd left hanging since his move to Tonawanda. He'd always felt blessed to have a talent that had generated so much wealth. He'd also felt that the blessing had to be shared. That was part of his responsibility to humankind. He and Jessica had been involved in several charities, donating money and even their time to worthy causes.

It was Jessica who had organized much of their giving and she'd been careful, making sure the donations were anonymous or through one of their foundations. Now he wanted to rekindle that fire of giving but in someone else. Sam was the perfect person, with her ready smile and kindhearted nature. He would ask her to help him give his money away. And one of the first projects would be a scholarship fund in Jessica's name to help students pursuing studies in early childhood education. That had been her major in college and it had always held a special place in her heart.

"With pleasure," Sam told him when he asked. Her eyes twinkled in anticipation. "I have some favorite charities, too, that are crying out for help."

Over the next few days they came up with a plan. Seeing that Sam was unknown she would be the front man - or woman - for the next projects, making contact with the various organizations, attending meetings, and making proposals. If a project was of particular interest to Jake he would attend the meeting or conference simply as an associate or friend of Sam, not as the benefactor.  In that way he could participate without giving up his valued possession - his privacy.

All of this seemed harmless enough and within a few weeks he and Sam had settled into a routine he was comfortable with. By this time she'd completed the decorating project so during her spare time she would drop by a couple of days a week to brainstorm and plan with Jake. He looked forward to her visits, his long monotonous days now occupied with bouts of creativity where the words would flow on paper, and pleasant moments spent in the company of a woman who was slowly captivating his heart.

One day Sam stopped by, her face flushed with excitement. "I've found the perfect charity to support." She laid a pamphlet on the table and waved him over. "Come and see."

They already had nine on their list, six of which they'd begun funding, but Jake did not mind adding a tenth. With all the money he'd made there was no way he could spend it all on himself. Not in a hundred lifetimes. A man could wear just so many suits, and you could only eat so much, no matter how rich you were. Besides, he loved the way Sam's face lit up as she formulated her plans to help others. For that alone, it was worth it.

"This team of doctors is looking for sponsors for their trip to Haiti," she said as she slid the paper over to him. "They're almost like Doctors Without Borders, that volunteer organization from Canada, but in addition to providing free medical services they plan to spend time doing community outreach and education to help eliminate unhealthy practices. They say their objective is to lay the foundation for a healthy nation. What do you think?"

"Sounds like a worthy aim, if they can do it." He picked up the brochure and skimmed the first paragraph. "It's not always easy to just drop into an unfamiliar region and execute plans, no matter how ambitious and well-meaning. It's a totally different culture-"

"But that's the great thing about this team." She cut him off in her excitement. "These doctors are all Haitian-born. They want to go back home to help their people. And who better, than a team of medical professionals who can speak to the people in their own language and really understand what their issues are?"

He had to agree with her on that. "Okay, sign us up."

She smiled and shook her head. "Now that's the tricky part. We can't just 'sign up' or send a check. One of the requirements is that the sponsor should meet the doctors, get to know them. They're very excited about their project and don't just want absentee donors. They want people who are truly interested in what they're trying to achieve."

Jake sighed. "So I have to go to a meeting."

"I'm afraid so."

"Well, you know the program," he said. "I'll be there but only to be part of the wallpaper."

"I know. I know. I'll be the face they get to know." Then she said with a chuckle, "Shy guy."

The following week Sam and Jake traveled together to Princeton Crown Hotel where the doctor's meet-and-greet would be held. There were eighteen doctors in the group with specialties ranging from epidemiology to neurology but they all had one thing in common - an intense love for their country which manifested in a shared dream of doing what they could to restore health to the people of that ravaged nation.

At the close of the ceremony, as Sam stepped forward to present their contribution - a check for two hundred thousand dollars - Jake watched from the back of the room and smiled. She looked radiant tonight in a flowing ankle-length dress of crimson and beige but as striking as it was, the beauty of her clothes was nothing compared to the elegance of her poise, the sparkle in her brown eyes and the fresh vitality that shone in her face.

Apparently, he wasn't the only one who noticed this. Out of nowhere he saw a suit-clad man with short-cropped blond hair walk over to Sam. He leaned down to say something to her. It must have been damn funny because she gave a little laugh and then shook her head. Jake frowned. Who in the blazes was that guy, anyway? He looked across at where he'd come from and saw two other men in suits. They were standing by a freestanding banner that read, 'First National Credit Bank.' So he was a banker and one who, by the look of things, had taken a serious liking to Sam.

Jake rested his glass of wine on the nearest table and walked over to her. As he approached the man looked up, a look of annoyance flashing across his face. Obviously he'd said something cute and charming to make Sam laugh and now that she'd been softened up he was ready to move in for the kill. Jake narrowed his gaze. Well, it wasn't going to happen. Not on his watch. "Ready to go, sweetheart?" He stepped close and cupped Sam's elbow.

She looked up at him, eyebrows raised, but smart girl that she was she gave him a warm smile and nodded. "Whenever you are," she said sweetly. Then she turned to the man who now looked like he'd been fishing and had just lost a prized catch. "Thanks, again, for your kind words. I wish you much success." Then she gave him her signature smile and slipped her hand into the crook of Jake's bent arm.

Jake didn't talk much as he drove home with Sam in the seat beside him. His mind was still on the man who had approached her. It had probably been childish but seeing him go up to her and stand so close had filled him with a jealousy he hadn't felt in a long time. It was stupid, he knew, but he'd felt like someone had invaded his space.

It had pissed him off but more than anything it made him realize how complacent he'd been. Sam didn't need to sit there waiting on him to come around. She was a very attractive woman and he had no doubt that he wasn't the only man interested in her. Tonight's incident had proved that. If he wasn't careful he'd lose her to a more aggressive shark in Tonawanda's ocean. And there was no way he was going to let that happen.

******

Sam settled back in the passenger seat, closed her eyes and smiled. The last few weeks with Jake had been some of the happiest of her life. She knew, without a doubt, that she was in love. It didn't matter to her that their interaction was focused primarily on the charities and had had nothing to do with love or a relationship. All that mattered to her right then was that they'd been spending so much time together. At least she could say with confidence that their new relationship had gone past that of business associates. They had become friends. Of course, she wanted a lot more than that, but for now she was happy.

It had been so funny, though, when the investment banker had walked over to compliment her on the brief speech she'd given when she'd handed over the check. 'Eloquent' he'd called her, and 'inspiring'. And then, in an instant Jake was by her side, his face dark and serious, looking for all the world like he was ready to pummel somebody into the ground. She'd almost laughed. She wasn't stupid. She could see the jealousy plain as a poster on his face. And she'd been pleased. He wouldn't be jealous if he didn't have feelings for her, right? All in all, a good sign.

And now, as he drove her back to his house where she would pick up her truck, he was silent and solemn, staring straight ahead and not speaking. If you asked him he'd probably say he was just thinking but Sam knew better. Typical man, he resented the appearance of what she would call 'healthy competition'. She, on the other hand, was enjoying it.

Then a mischievous thought popped into her head. Sometimes it didn't hurt to let a man know what he was up against. Or at least give him the impression that there was something going on. Keep him slightly off balance, so to speak. It was never a good idea to make a man think he had you all bagged up and ready to go. There had to be a hint of uncertainty or else he'd just take you for granted. And tonight's little turn of events had given her the perfect opportunity to insert that little pebble of uncertainty.

Sam smiled to herself. Like the story of the princess with the pea under her mattress, all it took was the tiniest doubt to make a man so uncomfortable he felt he had to make a move. And now that she had her little pea of doubt she was going to work it to her advantage.

She put up her hand and pressed her fingers against her mouth to hide the smile that tickled her lips. This would be the second round in her sweet seduction of Jake McKoy. Her mother would be so proud.

"Mark thought I looked very nice tonight." She turned her face toward Jake as he drove.

"Mark?" He gave her a quick glance then turned his attention back to the road. "The man who came over to speak to you?"

"Yes. He said my dress brought out the beauty of my dark eyes."

Jake was scowling now. Several seconds passed before he spoke. "I could have told you that," he said in a rough growl.

Well, why didn't you? She didn't bother to ask the question that popped into her mind. Instead, she just smiled and waited for him to make the next move.

"Do you know him from somewhere?"

"Who, Mark? We just met."

Another round of silence, this one longer than the first. Sam could just imagine what was going through his mind. But still, she remained silent. The ball was in his court and she was going to leave it there.

"I think you look stunning tonight."

Sam raised her eyebrows and looked across at him. "Why, thank you, sir," she said in her best Southern belle voice.

That brought a smile to his face. "No, really," he said, his tone more relaxed. "You were the most beautiful woman there tonight. Hands down."

Sam didn't know what to say to that one so she just smiled. Luckily she was saved from having to find an appropriate answer when they turned into the driveway of his home. When he switched off the engine and turned to her she knew what to expect - a thank you and a quick peck on the cheek and so she would be summarily dismissed.

But that was not what happened. To her astonishment Jake reached for her and pulled her none too gently into his arms. Her lips parted in a gasp and before she could move his mouth descended and covered hers in a kiss that robbed her of the little breath she had left. He kissed her urgently, hungrily, almost angrily as she clung to his shoulders, helpless to resist.

He released her lips and slid his fingers up into her hair to cup the back of her head with his hand. "You are mine, Samantha Fox," he said in a harsh whisper. "Only mine." And then he was kissing her again, punishing her with his lips, until she moaned her answering passion.

When the kiss finally ended Samantha was weak and trembling, sprawled halfway across Jake's lap, her dress exposing a length of thigh.

As Jake stared down at her in his arms he was panting and there was a dark flush to his face that told her that the kiss had affected him as deeply as it had affected her.

It took several seconds for their breathing to return to normal. Then he stroked her arm and reached down to straighten her skirt. He helped her slide back into her seat.

He gave her an apologetic look. "I'm sorry. I don't usually employ such...caveman tactics. I guess my emotions got the better of me."

Poor Jake. He probably didn't even know why he'd reacted the way he had, but she most certainly did. Which proved her point. A little competition was a good thing.

"Would you like to come up for a drink?"

She tilted her head. "Are you sure? Not too tired?"

"Of course not," he scoffed. "It's not even nine o'clock yet."

"Hmm, I don't know," she said, pretending to give his invitation serious thought. "I'm not sure it's such a good idea. I do have to get up early tomorrow. Maybe some other time."

"Come on," he said. "Just a few minutes. I'm sure you can spare me that."

"Well," she said, dragging out the word. "Alright, just for a few minutes."

He seemed pleased at her response. He was smiling as he hopped out of the car to open the door for her. Then they walked side by side up to the house.

Inside, Sam relaxed into the sofa as Jake went to get their drinks. She straightened her skirt around her and tried to look composed but inside she was all jittery Jello. Now that she was in the house with him she wasn't quite so sure of herself. She wanted him to kiss her again but would he? And what if he didn't? Should she make the first move?

She was still pondering her best course of action when he walked back into the room carrying two glasses of champagne.

"In celebration of our tenth charity," he said as he handed her a glass. "Congratulations. You've done me proud."

"Thank you," she said, her body growing warm with his praise. She took the glass from him and their fingers touched. A thrill ran through her. Had he felt it, too? Her eyes darted up to his face and yes, she was sure he had. He was looking down at her with an intensity that left no doubt in her mind that he'd felt exactly what she had. And he wanted her.

As if in confirmation he dropped his lean frame onto the couch beside her. When he leaned forward she lifted her face to meet him. She was disappointed when he gave her a peck on the cheek then leaned back and took a sip of champagne, his eyes never leaving hers.

She almost frowned but then she lifted her glass to her lips, partially hiding her face from his gaze. What kind of a kiss was that? She'd expected passion, maybe fireworks, but a peck? No, not good. This man was exercising too much restraint. It was time for her to make her move.

She took another sip then another, then she tipped the glass and drained it. She needed all the courage she could get and maybe a touch of bravado. The champagne just might do the trick.

He was still watching her, of course, and she could see he was surprised that she'd downed her drinks so fast. Well, he was in for a lot more surprises. Although he'd only drunk half its contents, Sam reached out and took the glass from Jake's hand and rested both on the coffee table. Then she turned back to him.

Before he could figure out what she was up to, she rested her hands on his shoulders and pressed him back into the sofa then, riding on the high from the champagne, she sank into the chair beside him and pressed her lips to his. "Kiss me, Jake," she whispered against his mouth. "I want you to kiss me."

Immediately, his arms snaked round her back and he dragged her up against him, crushing her br**sts against his rock-hard chest. Then he was kissing her, plundering her mouth with an ardor that made her head spin.

Dear God, he wanted her. She could taste it in the desperation of his kiss, hear it in the pounding of his heart, feel it in the hardness that pressed against her thigh. When Jake broke the kiss to catch his breath Sam slid her hand inside his shirt to caress the smooth skin of his broad chest. She took his moan of pleasure as license to go farther. Fingers trembling in her eagerness, she undid button after button until Jake's upper body was bare to her heated gaze. He looked like he was going to put his hand up. Whether to hold her or to resist her, she did not know, but she knew what she wanted and nothing was going to stop her.

Without hesitation she dropped her head and covered one flat nipple with her lips. She nipped it with her teeth until it hardened and peaked in her mouth. At Jake's groan she smiled then she moved her head over to the other nipple and did the same there. This time Jake shifted beneath her and she knew it was to ease the tightness in his groin.

When he reached up and slid the spaghetti strap from her shoulder she did not resist. She arched her back and pressed forward, giving him greater access, and when he released the clasp on her bra and his lips captured her nipple she moaned. It felt wickedly delicious, his lips sending waves of pleasure rippling through her body with his sensual caress.

Oh God, she wanted more. Sam straddled Jake's h*ps and, gripping his head with both hands, she guided his mouth to her other breast where he suckled so sweetly that she almost cried - literally. Oh heavens, could there be anything so sweet?

She let Jake lick and nibble and suck at her sensitive buds until she grew so hot she began to throb - right at that sweet spot between her legs that was now pressed down on his hard maleness. As he suckled she pressed down, squeezing herself against him, desperate to ease the pressure building there.

Then she felt it, the moisture against the seat of her panties. Her body was totally ready for him.

Sam sucked in a deep breath then she slid off Jake's lap. What he was doing to her was sheer ecstasy but still it was not enough. Right now she wanted it all. She kneeled down between his legs and began to undo his belt.

She was wrestling with the buckle when two firm hands descended on hers. She froze. Her eyes flew up to his and to her horror, he was shaking his head.

"No," he said, his face grim. "Not like this."

Sam felt red-hot blood rush to her face and her heart sank in shame. He was rejecting her. She had thrown herself at him, was right this minute kneeling at his feet, and he said no? Oh, God, not again.

She felt her face crumple and she pulled her hand from his to cover it and hide herself from him. She couldn't bear to look at him, to see the scorn on his face, to know how he felt about her right now. As soon as she could gather herself together she would leave.

"No," he said again, as if she hadn't heard him the first time, "not this way."

He reached down and pulled her hands away from her face then he lifted her off her knees and onto his lap.

Sam lowered her head then dropped her gaze, refusing to look at him. She'd had enough humiliation for one night. She didn't need to see the look in his eyes.

Then he did something very confusing. He wrapped his arms around her, almost as if to protect her, then he rested his chin on top of her head. "I don't want to make love to you, Sam," he whispered. "Not tonight."

"I think I guessed that by now," she said in a low voice then she gave a little laugh that sounded sad and hollow. Pathetic was probably the better way to describe it because that was exactly how she felt.

"Do you know why, Sam?" His voice was surprisingly calm, with not a hint of anger or reproach.

She nodded, her cheek resting against his chest. "Yes," she whispered, crestfallen, "because you're not ready. You can't love anyone else right now."

With her ear pressed against his chest she heard a low rumble. How could he laugh at a time like this?

"No, sweetheart. You have it all wrong." He hugged her tighter. "I don't want us to make love until we're married. Call me old fashioned but as far as I'm concerned you're worth waiting for."

Sam almost choked but she ended up coughing instead. Had she heard right? Was Jake McKoy proposing to her? "What did you say?" she demanded, pulling away to look up into his face.

"Samantha Fox, will you do me the honor of being my wife?"

Still not believing all of this was happening, she frowned. "Are you serious?" she asked, not daring to accept it. Maybe she should pinch herself. She must be dreaming.

"Very serious, darling. I think I fell in love with you from the first day we met but I've been fighting it ever since." He gave her a rueful smile. "I guess what is meant to be must be. My fighting was futile."

Heart brimming with joy she reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck. "It certainly was." She was smiling broadly as she stared up into his face. "You will never escape me, Jake. You're mine for now and always."

CHAPTER NINE

Sam could safely say she was the happiest girl in the world. She had to be. She felt like if even one more drop of happiness got added to her life she would simply burst into a million fragments of joy. Jake loved her and right now that was all that mattered in the world.

It had been over a week since he'd proposed and so far life had been perfect. There'd only been one little point of disagreement between them and it hadn't been major, anyway.

They'd been standing on the bridge when he'd turned to her and asked, "When we're married, what about giving up your plumbing work?"

She looked at him, surprised. "Why? I love what I do."

"Yes, but I don't," came his quick response.

Sam frowned. Was Jake prejudiced against a blue-collar career?

Before she could speak he continued. "I don't like the idea of you climbing ladders or going down into people's basements. For one, that kind of work can be dangerous and two, what if you end up going out to the boondocks where some weirdo lives all by himself? You could get kidnapped."

She chuckled at that one. "Like I came out to the boondocks and found you?"

His frown softened. "Yeah. Just like that." He leaned back on the rail and pulled her against him. "But seriously, Sam, I'm concerned about your safety. Would you give up your career...for me?"

"But...it's part of who I am, Jake." She laid her head on his shoulder. "No matter what, I need my independence. I can't just sit in the house all day, twiddling my thumbs."

He stroked her arm. "You'd be twiddling them with me." When she sighed but didn't respond he said, "Okay, let's compromise. You keep the decorating side of your career and I'll make sure the rest of the time you'll be so swamped with charity work you won't have time to scratch your head. How does that sound?"

She peeped up at him. "And can I help you write your book?"

"That's a brilliant idea," he said quickly, and he looked like he meant it. "We'll brainstorm together and churn out book after book. You'll probably start writing books of your own. We'll be a power team, pumping out thriller after thriller."

Sam walked her fingers up his chest then reached up to stroke his neck. "Romance is what I want to write."

"Whatever pleases the lady," he said with a wink.

"And I'll start," she said, as she turned her face up for a kiss, "with our story."

That settled, Sam decided to introduce Jake to her parents. She started with her dad.

"I knew it," Alvin said and slapped his knee. He looked over at Meg. "Didn't I tell you something was going to happen between those two?"

Sam put her hands on her hips. "Have you two been talking about me behind my back?"

"Yes, dear, as we always do." Meg gave her an unapologetic grin.

"From that first day she came back to office with her face shining like the sun I knew she'd been bit by the bug. The love bug." Her father's laugh echoed in the tiny office.

"Anyway," Sam said, with a sigh of exasperation, "I want you to meet him. When's good for you two?"

"Bring him over Sunday afternoon," Meg said, her face eager. "We'll do a barbecue. I'm sure he'll love that. He must have been so lonely stuck in that big old house all by himself."

"He's not going to be lonely anymore." Alvin nudged Meg with his elbow and they both laughed.

Sam rolled her eyes then smiled and shook her head. She could only hope these two would be on their best behavior on Sunday. The last thing she needed was for Jake to think he was marrying into a family of loonies.

To Sam's surprise and relief, Alvin and Meg took off their troublemaker hats and were the perfect hosts that Sunday evening. She could see Jake relax in their presence and at the end of the day when he kissed her goodnight he gave her his verdict. He loved them.

"Relax, Sam," he said with a chuckle. "Your parents aren't on trial here. I could see you watching their every move. But you forget," he said as he pulled her close, "they're not the ones who have to pass the test. I am."

She chuckled then. "The results are in," she said as she leaned against him. "You passed with flying colors."

"Thank God." He gave an exaggerated sigh of relief and they both laughed.

The following weekend they paid a visit to Mary who treated them to an elegant five course meal.

"Mom, you outdid yourself." Sam couldn't believe her mother had gone to so much trouble but she was grateful. She could see that Jake was impressed, not just with Mary's culinary skills but also with her artistic talent. After dinner he visited the room she used as her art studio and admired painting after painting. Within half an hour he'd bought four of them and commissioned her to do a painting for placement over the mantelpiece in his living room.

At one point Sam pulled him aside. "You don't have to do this, Jake, just because it's my mom."

"But I want to," he said, pulling away from her to look at yet another painting, "not because she's your mom but because she's a really good artist. I want our home to be ready for when you move in," he looked back at her then, "as my wife."

That made Sam blush. That word - wife - always had the same effect on her. Whenever he said it her heart swelled with joy and pride till she felt she'd burst with happiness. Okay, so it was corny, but she couldn't help how she felt. She could hardly wait until the day she walked down the aisle and finally became his.

The week that followed was so busy for Sam that she only got a chance to see Jake once. It was as if the universe had conspired to keep her away from him so she would miss him all the more. As if she wasn't suffering enough already, anxiously awaiting her wedding. They'd decided on a spring wedding and it was only October. And although she would need the time to get everything organized the wait was sheer torture.

Still, even when they didn't get to see each other they always spoke on the phone, sometimes as many as three or four times a day. Sam had never thought herself the sentimental type but something had happened to her. She was a new, softer Sam who couldn't wait to hear from her man.

Next morning, very early in the morning, she did. But it was not the kind of phone call she was expecting. Jake was on the phone, but it was not the man who had called the night before to wish her a loving goodnight. No, this man was angry.

"How could you do this to me?" The voice on the other end of the line vibrated with a rage Sam didn't know Jake possessed. "I trusted you and this is what you do to me?"

"What?" Sam's heart leaped into her throat. What the hell was going on? "What did I do to you?"

"You're asking me that?" he raged. "You know me by now, Sam. You know how important my privacy is. And you go and sell me out like that?"

"What in the name of heaven are you talking about?" she practically shrieked into the phone. "What did I do to your privacy?"

"Don't play stupid. It's all over the newsstands." He gave a grunt of annoyance. "I was in the drugstore this morning, standing in line, and there I was, on the front cover of the National Observer, with you."

"What?" She gasped, her body going cold at the news. "How could that happen?"

Jake laughed but it was a laugh so cold, so bitter, that she shivered even as she clutched the phone to her ear.

"Sam, all I can say is, I'm very disappointed in you. You were the one woman in the world I thought I could trust. But not anymore."

Before she could respond he hung up. Just like that, he was gone. And just like that, all her dreams of exchanging wedding vows with Jake went flying out the window.

Now she realized that what she'd had, had only been that - a dream. It had all been too good to be true.

CHAPTER TEN

When Sam was finally able to move from her frozen state she rested the phone receiver back into the cradle then clutched the bed sheet in her fists. Things had gone terribly wrong and she had no idea why. She had to find out what happened.

She tumbled out of the bed and ran to the bathroom where she did a quick wash then threw on jeans and a sweater then she was racing down the stairs and out the door. She drove to the nearest newsstand and bought a copy of the National Observer. And there she saw it - a headline that slapped her full in the face, 'Mystery Billionaire Writer Revealed'. She almost dropped the paper in her shock.

There on the front cover was Jake and, to her horror, she was in the picture, too. She was standing slightly behind him but her face was quite visible. As she stared at the photograph she realized it had been taken the day after they'd had dinner at her mother's house. They'd gone hunting for picture frames and were standing close together, admiring one with gilt edges. She'd reached out a hand to touch it and that was when somebody had snapped the picture.

Sam turned the page and her heart sank when she realized an entire page was dedicated to revealing Jake's identity. She began to read and gasped. It was worse than she'd thought. The words jumped off the page at her. 'Billionaire writer, Jake McKoy, was caught shopping with his bride-to-be, small-town girl Samantha Fox'. What in the name of heaven? How could anyone have known about that? The only people she'd told were the members of her immediate family. She frowned. Could the paparazzi have invaded Tonawanda?

She dropped her eyes back to the paper and skimmed through the article. It talked about his move to Tonawanda, his involvement in charities, and even the death of his wife. Then it talked about her - 'The star-struck fiancee', it called her. They said it was a Cinderella story, with the working class girl finding her prince in the most unlikely of places.

Sickened, she folded the paper and began walking back to her truck. He'd worked so hard to remain anonymous, going so far as to move all the way out to this small town, only for this to happen. And worse, the kind of information included in the article could not have been picked up by an outsider. It included things he'd discussed with her in confidence. No wonder he was so angry with her. He'd come to the only logical conclusion - that she'd betrayed him.

But she hadn't. And if it was the last thing she did she was going to find out what happened. It probably wouldn't do her much good, not where Jake was concerned. He'd made up his mind about her and was gone out of her life, probably for good. But if even for her own sanity she had to find out. And she would start by calling the newspaper.

******

Holy crap. What had he just done? Jake was muttering to himself as he walked over the bridge toward his writing studio.

When he'd seen the photo and the article he'd been so incensed he'd jumped to the quickest and easiest conclusion - Sam must have been the source. How else could they have gathered all that information?

But after his volcanic emotions had erupted all over her he'd regretted his outburst. Damn. As old as he was he should have known better than to fly off the handle like that.

Because in his heart he knew there had to be another explanation. Now that the red veil of rage had lifted from his eyes he could see clearly. And he saw that he'd made a big mistake.

He pushed open the door and dropped the offending paper onto the desk. He would deal with that later. Right now he had to reach Sam and beg her forgiveness.

He picked up the phone and dialed the house. Five rings and then it went to voicemail. He hung up. He didn't want to leave a message. He wanted to talk to her, take back his hurtful words before it was too late. He tried the cell phone. Six rings on this one then voicemail again. Was she deliberately avoiding his calls? He heaved a sigh. He couldn't blame her, not after he'd blasted her like that and hung up. He hadn't even given her a chance to respond.

Jake folded his arms across his chest and slid back in his chair, deep in thought. Who could have done this to him? After his head cooled down his heart told him it could not have been Sam. No, he had come to know her, and betrayal and deceit were not part of her make-up. But who else would have had access to such intimate details of his business?

And then it hit him. Jesus, how could he have been so stupid? There was only one other person he could think of, who had all the bits of information that had appeared in the article and who would have any incentive to leak information to the tabloids. Denise Marshall, his attorney's new secretary. She'd been in the room when he'd mentioned Sam's name and discussed the details of his will with Richard Connelly.

The Smith and Connelly law firm had handled Jake's affairs for years and he'd had nothing but respect for them. On his last trip back to Long Island he'd visited the law firm - the day after he'd gone to Jessica to say goodbye - and that was when he'd been introduced to Miss Marshall. She was young, maybe in her early twenties, with a flirtatious demeanor that Jake hadn't particularly liked, but he'd let it slide. He'd had other things on his mind - like taking care of a special woman who he wanted to be a permanent part of his life. But in taking care of that part of his business he'd laid himself unprotected and vulnerable to someone who was probably an opportunist, waiting for her big break.

He picked up the phone again. This time he'd be calling Richard Connelly. He would not accuse, not without proof. He would not make that mistake twice. But he would certainly get an investigation going. If the woman had sold his information to the tabloids he wanted to know about it. He was not going to take this lying down. And right after his call he would hit the road to deal with another urgent matter - Miss Samantha Fox.

******

Sam paused outside the office door, delaying the moment when she would go in. She was sure her dad and Meg had already heard she was in the news with Jake. They'd bombard her with questions the minute she stepped through the door. And what would she say? The bubble had burst, she wasn't engaged anymore, and it was back to life as usual? Heavens, she was depressed enough already but to add humiliation to her list of troubles right now - she just wasn't ready.

She turned round and was walking back to the car when the screaming of tires made her whirl round and hop out of the driveway. A black SUV screeched into the space beside her truck. It was Jake.

Sam's heart leaped at the sight of him. He'd jumped out, slammed the door shut and was walking purposefully toward her. Then her heart sank. Was he coming to tell her in person what he'd told her over the phone? She almost felt like backing away and running for cover inside the office.

But she didn't. She stood her ground, folding her arms across her chest and fixing Jake with a cool, determined stare. She loved this man with all her heart but she would not let him intimidate her. She drew in her breath and steeled herself for the attack.

But it never came. Instead of blasting her with more words of anger Jake came to stand before her, looking contrite. "Sam," he said, then stopped and the look he gave her was so full of pain that her heart ached to see it.

"Sam," he said again, "I wish I could take back the hurtful things I said. I can't blame you if you were to decide never to speak to me again but...can you find it in your heart to forgive me?"

Sam stared back at him, confused. Was this the same man who had told her off on the phone? What had caused this sudden change of heart?

Before she could respond he reached out and took her hands in his. She did not pull away.

"Could we sit in my car for a minute," he asked, "just so we can talk? In private." He cocked his head to one side and looked pointedly at the front window.

That was when Sam saw Alvin and Meg peering out, obviously dying to know what was transpiring between them.

"Alright," she said, although reluctantly, "but just for a minute."

She followed him to his vehicle and climbed into the passenger seat. "Jake," she said, even before he'd settled into the seat beside her. "I don't know what made you change your mind but I want you to know I didn't do it."

"I know you didn't, Sam."

"But how?"

"I just know it. Which is why I feel so bad about what I did earlier." He sighed. "Will you forgive me, Sam? This doesn't change anything about our plans, right? You will still marry me?"

Sam said nothing as she stared at his tortured face. Finally, she heaved a sigh of sadness. "Jake, I'm sorry, but I don't know if I can."

"What? But why not?"

"I love you, Jake, so much. But after what happened, how can I trust you?" She dropped her eyes and bit her lip. "If something else goes wrong will you be just as quick to blame it on me?"

At her words Jake's face darkened and she could almost feel his pain. "There's something I have to tell you, Sam." His voice was quiet and sad. "On my last trip to Long Island I visited my attorney and changed my will. Along with my parents you're now one of the beneficiaries of my estate."

"But...we're not even married." She frowned as another thought came to her. "Jake, you hadn't even asked me yet."

"I know. But what I knew then was that I loved you and I wanted to be there for you. I wanted to know that if anything were to happen to me you'd be alright." He shifted in his seat and looked like he was going to take her hand but then he stopped. "Life is so fleeting, Sam. What if I'd had an accident on the drive back? I just wanted to know you would be fine."

"Even though I wasn't your wife?"

He nodded. "I asked you to marry me with the confidence that you would say yes. I love you, Sam, and I know you love me, too. Please, don't let us both suffer because of my stupidity."

"But we still don't know who did this."

"I can make a fairly good guess," he said with a slight twist of his lips. "That new secretary who took notes of the meeting and had access to my files, she knew I added you to my will. She probably saw this as an opportunity to set herself up for life."

"But now that your identity has been revealed you won't be able to hide anymore." She gave him a worried look. "How will you handle it?"

"There's only one way I'll be able to." He reached over and took her hand then. "Only if I have you by my side. Will you stay with me and help me get through this?"

She looked down at their clasped hands then raised her eyes to his. She shook her head. "You've been such a bad boy, blowing hot and cold, torturing me all this time. But I'll help you," she said, smiling, "on one condition."

"What is it?" he asked, the tension gone from his face, his eyes twinkling with relief. "I'll do anything."

"I'll marry you," she said with a little laugh, "on condition that you never ever doubt that I love you with all my heart."

"Deal. And always know that whatever stupid mistakes I make, I love you and always will." He raised her hand to his lips. "Please let my actions speak louder than my rash words."

"They do," she whispered, her heart full of love for this selfless man who was giving so much to others and now to her.

And the greatest thing he had given her was his love.

This time when their lips met in a kiss she knew it was to seal a love that would last for the rest of their lives.

THE END

