CHAPTER ONE

"With a name like Rockford St. Stephens, I can just imagine what he's like. Probably a pompous ass." Dana twisted a lock of hair around her left index finger as she stared out the window of her ex-boss's office.

Normally, she would have been impressed with the view of the city of New York from her position on the thirty-fifth floor of the building which housed Premier Holdings, but today she was seething. As she held the cordless phone to her ear she was glaring at the pedestrians way down below as they hurried along the streets of Manhattan.

"I mean, what kind of beast would bully a sixty-year-old man into selling out his business just like that? Mr. French was nowhere near retirement. That St. Stephen's guy forced his hand, Becky. I just know it."

"Now come on, Dana," her friend soothed. "Don't jump to conclusions. Remember, you're going to have to work with this man so it makes no sense to build up all this resentment against him."

"I don't have to work with him. I can quit." Dana's frown turned to a scowl. The very first time her new boss did anything to piss her off she would walk. Let him just try it.

"Yeah, and how easy do you think it's going to be to pick up another good paying job like this one?" Becky clucked in her usual 'mother hen' way. No matter that at twenty-five she was a year younger than Dana, she was always giving advice. The sad thing was, she was usually right. "In this economic climate you'd better hold on to what you've got. I could understand that attitude if you had another job lined up but you don't. Do you?" Becky's tone was firm. It was almost a reprimand.

Dana sighed. "You know I don't. That's just the impulsive me talking. As usual."

"Just think before you act, Dana. That's all I ask. And don't make assumptions." Becky chuckled. "And for heaven's sake, give your new boss a chance. For all you know he may be a sweetheart. Next time you call, it could be to tell me that he's a dreamboat and you're in love."

"I doubt it," Dana said drily. "Whatever this Rockford St. Stephens guy is like, I know I'll hate him."

"I appreciate the warm welcome."

Startled, Dana jumped and dropped the cordless phone. She whirled around to face the office door. There, big and bold and very imposing, stood a man who took her breath away.

She gasped and her hand flew to her mouth. Holy crapola! What had he heard? Everything? Just the end? But it didn't matter. The last comment she'd made had been the worst and she knew that her job with Premier Holdings was now history. Hell. Talk about bad timing.

Slowly, she slid her hand from her mouth and dropped her arms to her sides. Lifting her head, she stared him full in the face. Okay, so she'd misspoken. Put her foot in it, as Becky would say later when she told her she'd been fired. But she would not show fear. That was what her army officer dad had taught her and she would not let him down.

"Dana Daniels, I presume?"

The man walked into the executive office, his bold presence filling the spacious room, and stepped past her to drop his briefcase onto the huge mahogany desk that stood bare, all traces of Richard French now gone.

"Yes." That was all she said as her eyes ran up the length of him, from his shiny black shoes and up the obviously expensive business suit that covered a solid body and to his face, so cold and stern.

Dana swallowed. She almost dropped her gaze, his look was so intimidating. But no, she would be just as bold. It took everything in her but she faced his glare head on.

The unexpected visitor folded his arms across his chest as he looked down at her from what must have been at least six feet plus an additional two or three inches. As tall as she was, five feet seven inches in heels, he towered over her. "My executive assistant," he said, his voice surprisingly soft.

But Dana was not fooled. Soft and gentle, he was not. She could see it in his rigid stance and in the cynical twist of his lips. This man could be cruel...and she'd gone and pissed him off.

"Since you've already decided we'll start off as enemies, we might as well forgo the pleasantries and get down to business." He released his arms and walked around the desk where he pulled out the chair. "Go get your notebook or whatever it is you scribble in. You're going to organize a staff meeting for me tomorrow at ten o'clock. I have a quick phone call to make. Be back here in five minutes."

He sat down and reached for the phone then glanced over at her when she still stood there as if turned to stone. "Still here?" he asked, and this time there was no sardonic smile, only a scowl.

Dana blinked. He hadn't fired her. He expected her to come back and take notes. She'd been so shocked she hadn't even known how to react. But now, with his amber-colored eyes flashing in annoyance, she suddenly found herself with a great incentive to move. She had to get out of this line of fire.

Without another word she spun on her heels and marched through the door then reached behind her to close it with a firm click. Luckily no-one was in the outer office so there was no need to keep up appearances. Expelling her breath, she sagged against the solid oak door. What a way to start the morning.

Dana pushed away from the door and, knees trembling, walked toward her desk which was right outside the big boss's office. Now, instead of the kindly man with gray streaks in his hair, the one she had grown so used to seeing every day, she had found herself executive assistant to a cold, hard man who seemed as unyielding as the rock he'd been named after. Not a good situation...at all.

Throwing a quick glance at the door she made a dive for her cell phone and dialed Becky's number. She must have been waiting for the call because she picked up on the first ring. Dana didn't even bother with a greeting.

"You won't believe what just happened," she half gasped, half whispered into the phone.

"Your new boss walked in on you talking about him?" Becky asked drily.

Another gasp from Dana. "How did you know?"

"I heard him loud and clear, thanking you for the welcome. Then you dropped the phone." There wasn't an ounce of sympathy in Becky's voice. Some friend she was being right now.

But Dana had more news so she wouldn't tackle Becky on that just yet. "Yeah," she said, "but that's not the biggest surprise. The big shocker is, he didn't fire me."

"Even after hearing what you said?"

"Even after hearing that," Dana confirmed. "In fact, he told me he wants me back in his office in five minutes. Speaking of which, I've got to run."

"Wait," Becky yelled as she was about to hang up. "What does he look like? Dreamboat material?"

Dana paused then knitted her brow. "I don't know," she said, dragging the words as she thought about the question. "He's very handsome, that's for sure. Tall, with dark-blond hair and a pair of really intense gold eyes that bore into you like infrared beams. But dreamboat? I don't think so. Too cold and rigid. To qualify for 'dreamboat' status he should at least be approachable, don't you think?"

"Good point," Becky began and then the phone on Dana's desk began to ring.

"Miss Daniels," Rockford St. Stephens said when she picked up, "it's one minute past your deadline. Could you get in here, please?"

"Yes, Mr. St. Stephens." Her voice so cool it was frosty, Dana responded with a calm she didn't feel. She'd gotten off to a bad start with the new owner and she had a sinking feeling it was going to get worse. Before she'd even met the man she'd decided to hate him and then, before she'd had the chance to do that, she'd gone and given him a wonderful reason to hate her.

And now she'd be reporting to him five days out of every week. Great. Even though she hadn't been fired, now was probably a good time to start looking around for another job...just in case.

As soon as she'd hung up the phone she whispered, "See what I mean, Becky? A real beast. Anyway, got to go."

She grabbed her notepad and a pen then hopped out of the chair. At the door to St. Stephens's office she paused, straightened her pencil-slim skirt, and composed herself. Then she rapped sharply at the door and pushed it open.

She'd expected to find her boss sitting behind his desk, face in a frown, tapping his fingers on the hard wooden surface as he waited for her to show up. What she hadn't expected was to find him over by the credenza, his back to her, a chart spread out before him. From the door she could see that it was an organization chart and she knew what that meant. Staff cuts.

She shouldn't have been surprised. This was now the usual order - with take-overs or mergers the new management often chose to bring in workers from their old team or go for fresh blood. New perspective and all that. But, sensible though it might be, it hurt just the same. The thought that people might lose their jobs - herself possibly included - was depressing, to say the least.

St. Stephens looked up. "Finally," he said and there was no smile to accompany the word. "Have a seat. We have a lot to do today and I want to get started right away."

"Thank you, Mr. St. Stephens," Dana said demurely and went to sit in the chair in front of the big desk.

"Call me Rock. No need for formalities." He walked back to his desk and sat down then leaned back and tented his fingers. "I need to call a staff meeting this afternoon and I need your help. Based on your reaction to having a new boss I can just guess the thoughts of the other members of staff." He shrugged. "And how can I blame them? All of this is unorthodox - the sudden departure of your boss, not much notice of the changes, a new man in the head office. So," he said, leaning forward, "let's put the rumors to rest."

By the time he was done speaking, Dana had an agenda of eight items including a review of the company's financial standing and a briefing on Rock's plans for the future of the organization. There was also a question and answer segment where the employees could sound off on their concerns.

"I need you, Dana." Rock's voice was solemn. "You know the team here, each person's temperament and how they'll respond to these changes. I'll need your guidance as we go through this transition."

Dana raised her eyebrows. He needed her? The way he'd come off as big and bold and brash, she didn't think big Mr. CEO would need anybody.

She laid her pen down on the notepad in her lap and gave him a direct stare. "How can I help you," she asked, "when I don't even know why you're here?"

For a second he looked taken aback by her question but then he nodded. "You're right. If you're going to be of use to me I'll have to take you into my confidence." For the first time since they'd met he smiled, a real smile, one that smoothed the furrows in his brows, a smile that reached his eyes. "You are my executive assistant, after all, the closest person to me in this firm."

For some strange reason those words brought a blush to her cheeks. She dropped her eyes, feeling the warmth rise in her face. He'd said 'the closest person to him' but he'd meant that in a professional sense. She knew that quite well, so why was her body acting so stupid?

"I'll let you in on a little secret."

She lifted her gaze, glad for the change of subject, but she was also way past curious. "Yes?"

"Mr. French and I, we've known each other for almost twenty years. He's the father of a high school buddy of mine." He tightened his lips and his eyes took on a faraway look. "He wanted as few people as possible to know this and I guess you'll have to be one of the few." His eyes refocused and he let out a sigh. "He's in trouble. He just recently found out he's got prostate cancer."

Dana gasped. Her heart pitched forward and fell to the pit of her stomach. No. Not kind and gentle Mr. French who had been her mentor these past four years. As if to protect her heart, her fingers curled round her notepad and she pressed it to her chest.

"He doesn't know how much time he has," Rock continued, his voice solemn. "The doctors are optimistic but he doesn't want to take any chances. Whatever time he has left, whether it's going to be measured in months or years, he wants to take full advantage of it. He loves the company but now he wants to spend as much time as he can with his wife and children." He shook his head then smiled. "And he told me he's got seven grandkids to play ball with. Even without the company he'll have his hands full."

Dana nodded, and with her new understanding of the reasons for her boss's hasty departure her resentment toward Rock St. Stephens dissipated. The man had stepped in to help a friend, not to force him out. "But why didn't he tell us before he sold the company?" she asked. "We would have understood."

Rock shook his head. "He didn't want anyone to know. He hated the thought of being pitied."

"But we wouldn't have-"

"Maybe not, but a man's got his pride." Rock almost sounded impatient. "He wanted this to be presented as strictly a business transaction, so let's leave it at that." He looked at her pointedly. "And I trust that this information will remain between the two of us."

Dana frowned. What did he think she was? A tattletale? She didn't air her annoyance, though. Instead, she asked, "So what do we tell the staff today? They're going to come to this meeting expecting answers."

"I know." Rock leaned forward and rested his folded arms on top of the desk. "Here's what we'll say..."

**

Not bad. Rock was feeling more than satisfied as he closed his office door behind him and walked across the room toward the plate glass windows overlooking New York's Fifth Avenue. He'd met with the staff of thirty-eight employees - a much smaller group than he'd ever worked with before - and had given each of them a chance to say their piece. Some said a lot, some said very little, and there were a few who looked like they had no idea what to say.

No matter. He'd answered all the questions thrown at him and had given the team the reassurance they needed. Without giving away too much, he'd told them that Mr. French had opted to enjoy an early retirement with his wife and had asked him, an old family friend, to take over the reins and do right by his staff. They didn't have to know that his time with them was limited. He had other, much larger companies to run. But for now, he'd focus his energies here and leave his other businesses to his competent cadre of managers.

Because at this corporation, his newest acquisition, there were questions to be answered and a major mystery to solve.

The fact was, Richard had shared a serious concern with him. Someone was embezzling company funds. Despite record sales of luxury vacation packages the company had shown no increase in its cash balance over the previous year. Something fishy was going on. But without real evidence, Richard had been loath to start making reports to the police. And so he'd begun doing his own investigation, checking the company books at nights when everyone had gone home. And then had come the disaster that had rocked him back on his heels. Cancer.

Now it fell to Rock to figure out what was going on. That had been at the forefront of his mind when he'd met with the employees and he'd paid close attention to every one of them, from the vice president of sales, Dennis Laing, to his sales agents, and from the financial controller, Sean Johnson and his team, to the human resources manager, the marketing representatives and the receptionist. And, of course, his own executive assistant, Dana Daniels.

Although, where Dana was concerned, Richard seemed to have gotten it in his head that she was above suspicion, something about having recruited her right out of college and being a mentor to her.

Rock had no beef with that but that didn't mean he wasn't going to investigate her just as thoroughly as the rest of the staff, no matter how distracting she was.

And she was distracting, with unreadable eyes of an intriguing color, a cross between hazel and violet. Amethyst, maybe? If you could describe eyes like that. He liked the way she wore her hair, letting it fall in soft waves down her back, the tendrils framing the softness of her cheeks. But it was the pout of her lips, so determined and defiant, that got him. The set of her mouth spoke of an impudence that was nothing short of provocative. And despite the fact that he wasn't much of a movie buff and never followed the Hollywood crowd, he couldn't help but notice her resemblance to Angelina Jolie.

As he remembered their first meeting Rock could not help smiling to himself. Ready to get down to business, he'd declined the receptionist's offer to walk him to Richard's old office and there he'd seen her, back to him, and even though he could not see her face he could read her defiance in her rigid stance - her back straight and her shoulders square.

And then when he'd heard her defiant declaration he'd known immediately he was in for a rough ride. This woman would be no pushover. He could see...and hear...that.

But no matter how strong-willed she was, she would fall in line soon enough. She'd better. He was here on a mission - to rescue the company from the parasite that was sucking it dry. And he would let nothing, not even a beauty like Dana Daniels, stand in his way.

Because he would find the culprit. He had absolutely no doubt about that.

CHAPTER TWO

"Claire Francis, don't you dare sit in that chair. You know that's my favorite spot."

Dana marched, tray in hand, over to the table by the fish aquarium. It was so relaxing, watching the Clownfish and Angelfish and Guppies as they floated in the lightly bubbling water.

Claire laughed, her blue eyes sparkling with mirth. "Here comes big, bad Dana with fire in her eyes." She plopped her lunch tray onto the table and waved a hand. "Join me. I've been wanting to connect with you all week, anyway. Your timing is perfect."

Dana grinned as she slid her tray to the spot across from Claire. "I never could bully you."

Claire laughed and reached for a French fry as she sat down. "And why should I let a little pipsqueak like you bully me? You're half my age."

"And twice your size," Dana retorted, laughing with Claire. The diminutive woman had been like a mother to her since she'd started at the company four years earlier and they had a close relationship that many in the company envied. Claire was the public relations manager for the firm, and it was largely due to her efforts that the company had done so well over the last few years. Richard French never ceased to sing Claire's praises and Dana was one hundred percent in agreement with him.

"On a diet?" Claire cocked an eyebrow at Dana's tray on which all she'd placed was a salad and a small bowl of tomato soup.

Dana shook her head as she reached for the spoon. "I just didn't feel like having lasagna today. I need to petition our new boss. We need more options in this lunch room."

"Glad you brought up the subject," Claire said and leaned forward. "I've been dying to ask you about him," she whispered. "What's Rockford St. Stephens like? He's been with the company two weeks now and I've only seen him twice, once at that staff meeting he held the day after he arrived, and another time in the hallway." She gave Dana a mock glare. "Are you deliberately keeping him in the executive suite, all to yourself?"

Dana rolled her eyes. "Please. Does Rock look like someone I could hide away against his will? He's no Richard French, I can tell you that."

Claire cocked an eyebrow. "So it's Rock, is it? No Mr. Stephens? You always used to say Mr. French even when I said Richard."

"That's different. Mr. French was almost like...my uncle. But with Rock it's different." Dana shrugged. "And anyway, he was the one who told me to call him Rock."

Claire slid back in her seat and folded her arms. "And you still haven't told me what he's like. Is he the bear we met at the staff meeting, or did he tone it down once he got to the executive suite?"

"No, he's a bear," Dana said, dousing the glimmer of hope in Claire's eyes. When she saw her friend's look of horror she laughed. "Okay, maybe I'm not being totally fair. He hasn't been around long enough for me to give him that title."

"He's been here two weeks," Claire said with a frown. "That's more than enough time for you to form an opinion."

"Sure, if he'd really been here all that time." Dana stabbed at her lettuce.

"Meaning?" Claire gave her a pointed look.

"He's hardly been around." Dana couldn't keep the hint of peevishness out of her voice...which was weird, seeing that she'd told herself it had been a blessing to have the executive suite to herself all this time. "Since that day he held the staff meeting he's been in all of four days. I swear, the man must be moonlighting as an airline pilot, he's gone so much."

"Well, he did say this is just one of the many companies he runs."

"But still..." She paused, realizing it was beginning to sound like she missed him. And how could you miss a man...a boss...you hardly even knew?

"So, apart from being drop dead gorgeous and tall to boot, what's he like?" Claire put up her hands before Dana could protest. "Based on your four days with him, I mean."

"To tell the truth, he's not as bad as I thought he'd be. Before I even met him I was prepared to hate every bone in his body." Dana gave Claire a rueful smile. "Turns out I misjudged him-"

"Hey, there, lovely ladies. May I join you?"

They looked up to see Jason Blake, tray in hand, smiling down at them. Dana gave Claire a quick glance then almost rolled her eyes. Just what she needed - Jason and his chatter. He liked her - he'd made that very clear - and he seized every opportunity to be in her presence. But she'd made it equally clear that she didn't like him. Not like that, anyway. Much good that had done her. Persistence was Jason's middle name.

"Feel free," Claire said and jerked her head toward the empty chair.

As Jason laid his tray beside hers and plopped down in the seat, Dana gave Claire a quick glare, but then she softened her glance. How could she blame Claire when any other response would have come across as rude?

"So how's it going, Dana? Haven't seen much of you lately." Jason reached for the ketchup bottle and gave his French fries a good dousing in the red stuff. "New boss keeping you super busy, huh?"

"I'm always busy," she said then dipped her head, feigning intense interest in her salad.

"Don't worry," he said as he sprinkled salt all over his fried chicken. "I'll put in a good word for you. I'm not scared of Rockford St. Stephens."

Yeah, right. One look from Rock and Jason would be shaking in his shoes. They were such a contrast, these two men. Where Jason was of medium height and slender, with a shock of jet-black hair and dark-rimmed glasses that made him look like a young professor, Rock was strong and solid and very much the corporate executive, exuding power from his very pores. She could never be interested in a man like Jason, so indecisive and immature, a man she could twist around any finger she chose. But Rock, on the other hand, would be a serious challenge to a woman who was used to having her way, and that would make things all the more interesting. Not that she had any interest in him, mind you. She was a professional and thoughts of a romantic rendezvous with her boss had never crossed her mind.

Yeah, right. She almost smiled as she remembered her body's reaction at their first meeting - and at every meeting thereafter. Racing heart, sweaty palms, shortness of breath, difficulty concentrating - if a sexy man hadn't been in the room she would have sworn she was having a panic attack. And who could blame her? Any red-blooded girl would react the same way to Mr. Tall, Dark-Blond and Incredibly Handsome.

"Jason's waiting," Claire said, pulling her out of her reverie.

Dana blinked. "For what?"

"Your answer," Jason said, looking slightly annoyed. "Do you want to go to The Jade Palace with me or not?"

"Not." She didn't even have to think twice. He'd asked her out for what seemed like a hundred times and her answer was always the same. "I don't date co-workers."

"Well, it's not really a date," he said, pleading his case as he always did. "I'm hosting a reception there, to celebrate the acquisition of a brand new client. A major one." He turned his eyes to Claire as if for support. "Make her understand this is a business event and not a date."

"Oh, no, you don't," Claire said with a chuckle. "Leave me out of this." She dropped her eyes to her plate and tucked into her meal, effectively dismissing him.

With no help coming from that end, Jason had no choice but to turn back to the object of his interest. "Dana-"

"No," she said, her voice cold. "And don't ask me again." So she was being a bitch, but anybody who knew the whole story would totally understand. Jason had been pursuing her since he'd joined the firm seven months earlier and he just would not let up. Within a few weeks of meeting her he'd asked her out maybe five times and she'd finally given in. It was only a lunch invitation and she was tired of the cafeteria food, anyway.

Big mistake. Once they got back to the office he'd begun gloating all over the place, dropping hints to his work buddies that they were an item. She'd had to nip that rumor in the bud real fast and after that she'd avoided him like the Black Death. But, little by little, as the months passed, he tried to worm his way back into her good graces. Well, it wasn't going to work.

He fell silent and Dana almost sighed in relief. She knew it was a temporary reprieve because, before the week was out, he'd be asking again. But for now she was grateful she'd deflated him enough where he'd leave her alone, at least for the rest of her meal.

Quickly, she finished her salad then tackled the small bowl of soup. She could feel Jason's eyes on her even though she was deliberately avoiding looking in his direction. As he ate he made small talk with Claire but that didn't fool Dana one bit. He wanted to continue the conversation with her but he wasn't stupid enough to do it in front of Claire who would gladly be her witness if she charged him with harassment.

All done, she placed her spoon on the tray. "See you later, guys," she said brightly. "Got to get back to work."

Jason jerked his head up, a look of disappointment flashing across his face. "What's your rush? St. Stephens isn't even in today."

"No matter," she said with a shrug as she stood up. "I've got work to do."

"I'll swing by-"

"Don't bother," she said, cutting him off.

"Will you just listen?" His voice was sharp, clear evidence of his exasperation. "There's something I need to discuss with you, about Finson and Sons. That's the new client I wanted you to meet at the reception."

Dana tightened her lips but then she sighed. She couldn't very well keep avoiding Jason. He was part of her work team, after all. No matter how annoying he was, she couldn't let her personal peeve prevent her from providing him with whatever professional support he needed.

"Okay, you can stop by for a short while," she said grudgingly. "Come by at two. I'll see if I can help you then."

With a quick smile and a nod to Claire she turned and headed to the front of the cafeteria where she deposited her tray on the counter. Then she hurried out of there before Jason thought of an excuse to call out to her.

Back in the executive suite Dana soon forgot all about Jason Blake and absorbed herself in her work. Rock had left more than enough assignments to keep her busy for the rest of the week and it was only Tuesday. He'd come in the day before, met with her for over two hours, trying to get up to speed on all aspects of the business, and then he'd given her a long list of things he needed done. He'd even told her to prepare a profile on each of the thirty-eight employees of Premier Holdings, including herself - from their roles and responsibilities, to their number of years with the company, to their previous employment history. Why he didn't just speak to the human resources manager, she had no idea. She'd hinted that Sylvia would be able to provide him with the information but it was like talking to a stone. Or, in this case, a Rock. He'd insisted that the briefing should come from her...as if she didn't have lots of other work to get done.

He'd left again that afternoon, not even showing her the courtesy of telling her when he'd be back in office. He was an 'in again, out again' boss and it was beginning to get on her nerves. She'd almost told him that some semblance of a schedule would be appreciated but then she'd held her tongue. She hadn't started the job search yet so now was not the time to be cheeky.

She was busy typing the profile on Sean Johnson, the financial controller - a real sourpuss and a bore - when there was a knock at the door. She glanced at the clock on the computer screen. Two o'clock on the dot. Well, Jason was nothing if not punctual.

"Come in," she called out.

At her invitation the door opened and Jason pushed his head around the door. "Ready for me?"

She swiveled round in her chair. "I'm all yours."

Jason grinned. "I like the sound of that."

Dana almost scowled but then she caught herself. She'd walked right into that one. She couldn't blame Jason for taking advantage of her slip.

"Have a seat." She jerked her head toward the vacant chair and watched as he stepped into the room and began to pull the door shut behind him.

"Leave it open," she said quickly. "It's a little bit stuffy in here." That was what she told him but she had an entirely different reason for giving him that instruction. An open door would discourage Jason from getting too comfortable in the intimate enclosure of the executive office. And with a man like Jason, the less encouragement he got, the better. He shrugged and approached her desk but Dana didn't miss the way the sparkle in his eyes dimmed at her words. Well, it served him right for yearning for something that wasn't ever going to happen.

"So what can I do for you?" she asked, as he settled into the chair. She hadn't been lying when she'd told him she had a lot to do today. She wanted to handle his issue and have him gone as soon as possible. Of her to-do list of eleven items she was all the way at number three...with most of the day already gone.

Jason leaned forward and laid a folder on Dana's desk. "Can you look at this for me? It's my presentation to Finson and Sons. I really want to impress them."

Dana pulled the folder toward her and flipped it open. There were about a dozen sheets of paper in it, the miniatures of six PowerPoint slides on each. She leafed through. "Seems okay to me," she said with a shrug. "And besides, you've presented our company to new clients lots of times before. Why are you so nervous about this one?"

"Because this is the biggest account I've ever handled. This one account is worth over a million dollars, Dana. I can't afford to lose them."

"You can't lose what you don't have yet," Dana began but when she saw the look of worry on Jason's face she relented and gave him a smile of encouragement. "I know this is important to you, Jason, and to the whole company, but I honestly don't see why you're so worried."

"But I've never had a client that's so exacting. They want to know everything, and in detail. Some of the stuff I don't even know myself."

Dana frowned. "Like what?"

"Like a five-year ROI analysis based on our financial experience in the marketplace and our leasing contracts over the last five years. They're wary about signing the lease without having their finance people look into the money-making prospects, especially on an island where politics can have a major impact on profit potential."

Dana grimaced and nodded slowly. "They've done their homework, that's pretty clear. They're asking for a lot, but who can blame them? Seven figures is a lot to commit to one project."

"And that's why I need your help." Jason shifted forward on the seat. "I need as much information as possible, real numbers from our historical data. I have to convince them that this is a great deal."

She bit her lower lip, deep in thought, then she tapped her pen on the desk. "I think I know where we can start. I'll pull some historical data from my computer archives but I also have a file of information that should be helpful." She got up and turned toward the file cabinet but then she paused. "There's just one thing," she said as she looked at Jason who was relaxing in the chair, looking relieved.

"Yes?"

"You need to run your revised presentation by Rock before your next meeting with Finson and Sons." She gave him a pointed look. "Some of this may be sensitive information so you have to get approval first, okay?"

He put his hands up. "Okay. Whatever you say. You're the boss." Then he grinned. "Or maybe the mini-boss. But no matter, your word is my command."

Dana rolled her eyes. "Whatever."

When she got to the file cabinet she flipped through the files until she came to the one that had some of the information that Jason needed. "Okay," she said, turning back to him, "you can get started with this file while I...Ow!" The folder fell from her stunned fingers and she clutched her elbow.

"Are you all right?" Jason was out of his chair and by her side in a fraction of a second. "What happened?" he asked, his voice full of concern.

"My elbow," she gasped. "I bumped it on the edge of the cabinet."

"Oh, shoot. It's all my fault. I'm so sorry." He reached out and gently touched her arm. "Let me see."

"It's okay," she said, her voice an agonized whisper. "I just bumped my funny bone. I'll be all right. Just give me...a minute." Her elbow was still numb and smarting like hell, and she gave an involuntary groan.

"My poor Dana," Jason crooned, "so brave. Come here."

Before she could object he'd pulled her into his arms, lowered his head and pressed gentle lips to hers. Shocked, she couldn't even move. And to add to her confusion, the kiss was tentative and soft, almost respectful, definitely not what she had expected from pushy, persistent Jason Blake. But nice as the kiss was, it was inappropriate and she had to put a stop to it. Immediately.

She'd put her hand on Jason's shoulders, ready to push him away, when she heard a soft chuckle that made her heart lurch. Her gaze flew to the open office door and there stood Rock, his lips twisted in what looked like dry amusement.

Mortified, Dana gripped Jason's shoulders and shoved hard, making him stumble backward into the chair he'd vacated. She didn't even spare him a glance. Her face hot with embarrassment, her eyes were glued to her boss who had caught her off guard...again.

Rock folded his arms across his chest, filling the doorway with his presence, and this time all traces of amusement were gone. His face was as unyielding as the Great Wall of China.

"Gosh, sorry." Jason fumbled then righted himself, his eyes wide with the shock of seeing the head of the corporation standing in the doorway. "I...I guess I'd better go now." He said the words but he made no move to approach Rock until the bigger man stepped into the office, making way for his escape. With an almost comical look of relief he dashed out of the office suite, slamming the door shut behind him.

And even then, Rock did not release her from his glare. For a moment he said nothing and when he finally spoke his voice was flint-hard and ice-cold. "Is this the way you carried on behind Richard's back?"

Dana sucked in her breath, indignation rising in her chest. "Carried on? I never-"

"Save it for the idiot who'll believe it." Sharp as a knife his words sliced through hers, cutting her off midstream. "Whatever is going on between you and that Blake fellow, take it out of the office. I'm running a business here, not a dating service."

Now that hurt. She, who had prided herself on being the consummate 'professional', shunning the advances of more than a few male co-workers, was now being accused of pursuing a personal 'interest' on the job. And she was innocent!

And she wanted to tell him that, too. She wanted it so bad but she couldn't. Because, from what little she knew of Rock's personality, if he got wind of what Jason had done, her co-worker would be out on his butt before you could say, "What happened?"

And, as annoying as Jason was, and as wrong as he'd been for kissing her, she couldn't do that to him. So she would take the blame.

Rock was scowling at her but she refused to defend herself. Let him think what he would. For a moment he looked annoyed at her lack of response. What? Did he expect a fight? If so, he would be sorely disappointed because he wasn't going to get a rise out of her.

Rock's scowl deepened then with a grunt he turned on his heel and stalked off to his own office where he shut the door firmly behind him. It wasn't quite a slam. No, he was too controlled for that, but the strength behind the closing of the door told of the depth of his anger.

Alone again Dana exhaled then, nursing her injured elbow, she turned and sank gratefully into her chair. She needed to catch her breath.

Within minutes the phone would ring and Rock would be summoning her into his office. She was sure of it. And she was not looking forward to it, not one bit.

CHAPTER THREE

"Sounds like you've been handling things pretty well since you've taken over. I bet they don't miss me at all." Richard took another sip of his beer as he lounged in his seat. He was looking relaxed and fresh, just the way Rock wanted to see him. The time away from his business must really be doing him good.

"Oh, they miss you all right," Rock said with a grunt. "I've heard the grumbling behind my back. I've been accused of being too cold."

Richard laughed. "You? Cold? That's a laugh."

Rock raised his eyebrows. "You'd be surprised. I'm very different from the high school kid who used to drop by your house."

"Not that different. You're still a kid at heart. You can't fool me." Richard was grinning as he shook his head. "I've seen when you and Fred get together. Heck, you guys still fight over video games."

"Hey. You saw that?" Rock's mouth twisted with amusement as his mind went back to the day five months earlier when he'd dropped in on Fred and his wife. Richard, ever the loving grandpa, had been there, playing with four-year-old Jessica and two-year-old Simon. It was the middle of January and freezing cold so Rock and his old high school buddy had holed themselves up in the den, far away from the kids with the TV, the Xbox and the PlayStation. And, just like in the old days, they were in serious competition. And it hadn't been pretty. Rock chuckled at the thought. He hadn't had that much fun in ages.

But his memories of that winter day were bittersweet because that was the day he'd found out about Richard's dilemma. The shadows of evening had begun to fall when he'd grabbed his coat and gone upstairs to say his goodbyes. Richard, his face grave, had asked to speak to him before he left.

As he sat there having lunch with Richard at The Sea Grill overlooking Rockefeller Plaza, Rock could still remember the shock coursing through his body as Richard's words registered. "You? Sick?" he'd asked, incredulous. "You're as strong as an oak."

Richard shook his head. "Not anymore. I used to behave like I was invincible but now even I have to admit I'm human." He sighed. "And because I'm human I'm going to do something I've always had a hard time doing. I've decided to ask for help."

"What kind of help?" Richard was closer than a friend to Rock, more like an uncle. There was hardly anything he wouldn't do for Richard French.

Richard sighed. "You know Fred isn't interested in my world or my business. He's happy with his career as a chemist. But I need someone to take over my business right away."

"But...why?"

"In a word, cancer." Richard's voice was steady and unemotional, as if he'd said nothing more significant than 'the sky is blue'. "I don't know how much time I have, which makes every moment precious. I want to sell the business, Rock, free myself to do things I've always wanted. And once the idea of selling popped into my head, the first person I thought of was you."

For a second Rock just stared, left speechless by the two shocks in a row. But Richard was waiting for an answer so he had to respond. "I'm honored that you thought of me, Richard, but I'm in the oil and mining business. What do I know about resort hotels and vacation packages?"

Richard smiled and shook his head. "You may not know about the business but I know you. You're a fast learner. And if there's anyone in the world who can take the business to higher heights it's you."

Rock drew in his breath then let it out slowly. He could see that Richard had made up his mind and there was no shaking him. He wouldn't even try. "Well, since you put it that way, I guess I have no choice but to say yes."

"That's my boy." Richard reached over and gave his shoulder a squeeze. "Compared to the businesses you run, this is peanuts. Just stick a competent manager in and you'll be good to go."

"No," Rock said with a shake of the head, "I'll run it myself, at least at the outset. That's the only way I'll learn. Once I know the ins and outs of the business then I can bring someone in." Then he frowned as he thought of something else. "Are you sure Fred won't mind that you're selling?"

"Mind? He'll be relieved. He knows about the cancer and ever since he got the news he's been distracted with worry."

"About you," Rock said in Fred's defense.

"Yes, about me, and about what he thinks I'm going to ask him. But I wouldn't do that to Fred. Business is not his passion, not like it's yours."

Rock gave him a crooked smile. "You know me too well."

And so, as Richard asked, he bought out his business and he didn't regret it. It wasn't that he needed another business in his portfolio. It just felt good to be able to help a friend. He blinked, bringing himself back to the present, to a bright and sunny afternoon in New York City in the month of May, his favorite time of year. "So what mountains have you climbed in the last couple of months?" he asked Richard.

"Sorry, no mountains yet but I'll add Kilimanjaro to my list of things to do. But I'm happy to say that Margaret and I just got back from a sailing trip in the Caribbean."

"Very nice," Rock said with a nod. That was the kind of thing he liked to hear. Richard was enjoying life and that was what mattered.

"The doctors are happy with my progress since the surgery," Richard continued, "but let's not talk about me for a minute. That wasn't why I asked you to join me for lunch. I want to know if you've made any progress in finding the leak in the company."

"Nothing definitive," Rock said, "but I've got my eye on a couple of people."

"Like?"

"The financial controller is at the top of my list. He's the one handling the funds which, by itself, already puts him in a sensitive position. What makes it worse, though, is that he never looks me in the eyes. I can't trust a man who won't look me in the eyes."

Richard grimaced. "Sean Johnson. A reserved fellow. Not very friendly. But he's been with the company for over three years now and the craziness started happening late last year. You'd think if he'd had a mind to do that sort of thing, he would have started before now." He took another sip of beer then rested his mug on the table. "Somehow I don't get the feeling it's him."

Rock frowned. "He may not be the mastermind but he's got to have a hand in this. There's no way that guy is innocent...unless he's incompetent."

Richard drew in a deep breath then let it out slowly. "I don't know..."

"Don't worry about it." Rock had seen the look of concern in Richard's eyes and he wanted it to disappear. "It's not your problem anymore so let me handle it. I'll get to the bottom of it. Trust me."

The older man nodded. "I know you will."

"But there's one thing I need to know."

"Yes?"

"Dana Daniels. What's she really like?"

Richard looked confused. "You've been working with her for almost two months. What kind of a question is that?"

Rock put up his hands. "Okay, okay. I know this is going to sound stupid but she confuses the heck out of me. So tell me, what did you think of her while she was working for you?"

"Smart girl. I was planning to transition her to the public relations department when this thing happened..." His voice trailed off then he gave Rock a pained look. "I should have spoken to you about that. I was so caught up in my personal problems that I totally forgot."

"Under the circumstances it's understandable," Rock began but Richard put up a hand, silencing him.

"No, I let Dana down. She graduated with a liberal arts degree, summa cum laude, no less. And then while she was working for me she did her MBA. She'd be perfect for the PR department and she and Claire get along really well." He jerked his chin toward Rock. "So, will you consider it?"

Rock cocked an eyebrow at him. "Lose my executive assistant just when I'm trying to figure her out?"

Richard laughed. "What's there to figure out?"

"Well, for starters, she avoids me whenever she can. She only comes into my office when she absolutely has to, and even then she spends the bare minimum amount of time and then she's gone." Rock sighed, half frustrated, half confused. So they'd gotten off to a rocky start, but still...

Richard was frowning. "That doesn't sound like Dana. The Dana I know is outgoing, a real go-getter, and very ambitious. One thing, though. She will speak her mind if she feels it's necessary."

"And she'll flirt with the male employees?" Rock had to throw that in there. He was eager to see Richard's reaction. He shouldn't be this concerned but for some reason he just had to know who the real Dana Daniels was.

"Pardon?"

"Or is it just Jason Blake? Is she in a relationship with him?"

Looking bemused, Richard shook his head. "If there's something going on between them it's the first time I'm hearing about it. In fact, at one point I thought she disliked him."

That piqued Rock's curiosity. "How's that?"

"A few weeks after he joined the company we had a staff meeting and he made an off color comment. Dana didn't hesitate to let him know it was inappropriate. She didn't give a hoot that there was an audience. She just let him have it." Richard chuckled. "After that they started call her my bulldog."

Rock nodded slowly. Had he been wrong about his executive assistant? She hadn't seemed to mind that Blake had his lips on hers. Or had things developed between them since Richard's departure? Ever since the day he'd caught Dana and Jason kissing he'd been cool and businesslike with her, making his displeasure obvious. She, too, had been aloof but now that he thought about it, it was probably all his doing. His behavior had set the tone for their working relationship and so far it hadn't been pleasant. In fact, he'd have to describe it as strained.

Thanks to him, and as much as it pained him to admit it, he knew why.

He'd been darned jealous. That was the problem. The day he'd walked into the office and found Dana in Jason's arms he'd felt like ripping them apart. The anger that had risen inside him was a shock and he'd had to hide it behind a forced smile but inside he was seething.

And that, he knew, was dangerous. The woman was his assistant, not his lover. What right did he have to get riled up?

But desire didn't usually follow reason, did it? And as much as he hated the fact that was staring him in the face, he finally had to admit it. Employee or no employee, he wanted Dana Daniels. God help him.

CHAPTER FOUR

"I'm not interested." Dana folded her arms across her chest as she stared across the room at her red-haired friend. Becky was up to her old tricks again, trying to get her to go out on the town with her. Last time she'd played the guilt card, telling Dana how she felt like a forgotten child because they hadn't done anything together in ages. She'd given in and gone to Chaos Club. That had been disastrous. "Remember what happened the last time you harassed me to go out?"

"So you couldn't get rid of the guy," Becky said with a shrug. "But that's a good sign. It means you're hot. Men can't resist you."

Dana couldn't help laughing at that. "I know one man who can."

Becky rolled her eyes. "He doesn't count. He's your boss. He's supposed to resist you."

"Yeah, but-"

"No 'buts', Dana. You need to make up your mind about this Rock St. Stephens guy. Half of the time you're telling me you can't stand that he's so cold and distant, that you've got an ice cube for a boss, and that it suits you fine. The other half of the time it's like you want him to notice you. So which is it?"

"Never mind." Dana sighed. Becky would never understand. And why should she, when Dana didn't understand it herself? Half of the time she really did hate him. Okay, 'dislike' was more accurate. He was so stiff and businesslike when he came to the office, and he hardly looked at her when he was speaking to her, as if she were beneath him or something. That made her blood boil.

But then there were times when she caught him staring at her, his leonine eyes so intense that he looked ready to pounce, and she would wonder what thoughts were running through his head. Were they as crazy as the ones racing through hers, thoughts of him pulling her into his arms and kissing her with those strong, unyielding lips of his?

Becky made her usual clucking noise and walked across the bedroom to put her arm around Dana's shoulder. "Don't worry about it. I had a crush on my boss once but I got over it and you will, too."

"I do not have a crush." Dana frowned and tried to pull away but Becky held on tight.

"You do, and there's no use denying it. It's to be expected, Dana, working so closely with an attractive man, an eligible bachelor at that. You're bound to have feelings for him."

"Will you stop?" Dana huffed. Becky was really annoying her now. And what did she know, anyway? She'd never even met the man in question. "I'm going to say this one more time," she said as she glared at her friend. "I do not have, and will never have, a crush on Rock."

"Prove it."

"What?"

"I said, prove it." Becky gave her a defiant stare.

"Prove that I don't have a crush on him? How the heck am I going to do that?"

"Stop hiding from him. Stop ducking behind your desk and show the man that you exist." Becky waved her hand with a flourish. "And, for heaven's sake, start dressing up. Those below-the-knee skirts and block heel brogues aren't going to cut it. They'd turn off Casanova himself." She turned her green eyes on Dana and in them was a wicked twinkle. "I have the perfect plan. It's time for a makeover."

"Oh, no you don't."

"Oh, yes, I do. Now come on. Let's get you out of this teensy-weensy apartment and out into the sunshine. You're as pale as a ghost in winter." She took Dana's hands and pulled her up and off the bed. "It's Saturday, for goodness sake. We can at least enjoy what's left of the afternoon."

And that was how Dana ended up at Manhattan Mall where she got her hair layered, her nails painted and her eyebrows waxed. As if that weren't bad enough, Becky talked her into buying not one, but four very chic, very expensive business suits. But how could she complain? She had to admit, the word that came to mind as she modeled the suits in front of Becky was 'hot'. Rock St. Stephens would have to be made of mud not to notice her transformation. Dana could hardly wait to see his reaction.

**

God, he was tired. Rubbing his hand across his eyes, Rock opened the car door and slid out then got his briefcase from the trunk. It had been a long and dreary flight from Alaska but he was glad to be back in New York City. It had been a long week.

Who could have known that negotiations with the union would have been so difficult this time? He'd been surprised that he'd had to get involved at all. Normally this was something his captains would handle themselves. This time, though, the negotiations were tricky and he'd had to spend an entire week in Alaska working with the unions to come to an agreement regarding the compensation packages for the workers. Now that all of that was behind him and he was back in the city, things should be a whole lot easier. Working with a company as small as Premier Holdings had to be a vacation compared to dealing with an operation of over two hundred people.

Besides, he had to get back to this company that he'd taken over from Richard. He'd promised to resolve the issues here but so far he'd done a terrible job. It had already been three months since he'd taken over and he hadn't been around that much. In all honesty, he'd practically left the company to run itself because in three months the total number of days he'd spent could not have been more than three to four weeks. But now it was time to get back to the task at hand and to focus.

Rock glanced at his watch. It was already eighteen minutes after three. He'd called Dana early that morning and told her he'd be in around two-thirty but then there had been a delay in takeoff. It didn't matter, though. He was sure she wasn't sitting there, anxiously awaiting his arrival.

As he entered the lobby of the building the receptionist, Crystal Champigny, jumped up to greet him. "Mr. St. Stephens. You're back. Welcome." Her smile was wide and she seemed genuinely happy to see him. She almost looked like she was getting ready to give him a hug. Somehow, Rock would not be too shocked. Crystal was blonde, buxom and bubbly. She always reminded him of champagne. In fact, as far as he was concerned, that name would have suited her much better.

"Good to be back, Crystal." He gave her a nod and a smile and her eyes widened as if in surprise. What? Was he usually such a grouch that when he was pleasant it came as a shock? He really had to do something about his personality.

Rock headed down the hallway to the executive suite and as he did his mind raced ahead to his next meeting with his executive assistant. Dana Daniels. Just the thought of seeing her again made him smile. Theirs had not been a comfortable working relationship, one which was more accurately described as being charged with electricity. But he was going to turn over a new leaf. Going forward, he would make sure that no-one, and especially not Dana, could accuse him of being cold and unfeeling. If it was the last thing he did, he would show his employees that he could be human.

He strode through the open door and into the front office, a practiced smile on his face. And there she was, sitting at her desk, absorbed in a telephone conversation.

As he entered she looked up and when she saw him her eyebrows went up and her voice faltered. "I'm sorry but I have to go now," she said into the phone. "I'll return your call shortly." She returned the phone receiver to its cradle then, slowly, elegantly, she stood. And at the sight of her, Rock's heart jerked.

He knew Dana was beautiful but today she was stunning. He could not put his finger on it but she just looked different. Had his absence from the office for the past week made him forget how beautiful she was? Well, his body certainly hadn't forgotten. At the sight of her he'd gone from cool to hot under the collar and there was a tightness in his chest that told him that there was something about this woman - something that him just a little bit worried - that had a devastating effect on him. And if he knew what was good for him he would hide his reaction at all costs.

Rock cleared his throat. "Good to see you again, Dana." He gave her a curt nod. "I thought you'd be on coffee break."

For a moment she didn't respond, just stared at him with wary eyes. Finally, she said, "Good to have you back. I hope you had a good trip."

"Very good, thank you." He gave her a slight bow then walked on and headed toward his office.

It was only when he got behind closed doors that he let his guard down. He threw the briefcase onto the nearby couch then reached up and loosened his tie. What the hell had Dana done? Was she determined to drive him crazy in this office? Since the day he met her she'd been a major distraction but now, even more so. Her eyes looked bigger and bolder, her lips fuller. And her skirt...where the hell had the knee-length skirts gone? This one showed quite a length of leg - legs that would be best employed wrapping themselves around his waist while he...

Rock shook his head. Come on, man, get yourself together. This is your employee you're thinking about.

With a sigh he flopped down into the chair. This was going to be a long day. If Dana Daniels had meant to cause him major distress, she had certainly done that. It was going to be a hard task remaining businesslike with her looking like that. He just hoped he could keep his hands off her.

**

Dana bit her lip and blinked, struggling to hold back tears. How could she have been so stupid? How could she have thought that Rock would have been captivated by her new look? Ever since he had called her from the airport to tell her that he was coming in that day she'd been on needles and pins, anticipating his arrival. And when she'd seen him coming in through the door looking tired but oh, so handsome, her heart had literally skipped a beat and her mouth had gone dry. Not the kind of reaction you would expect an executive assistant to have for her boss, but so it was. There was no denying the attraction she felt for Rock St. Stephens.

And somehow she'd thought it was the same for him, maybe just a little bit. She'd even thought he would have been pleasantly surprised by her transformation, but nothing of the sort. In fact, his face had gone dark the moment he'd laid eyes on her. It was as if she had annoyed him in some way, simply by being there.

Getting dolled up to impress Rock St. Stephens had been the worst mistake of her life. Damn that Becky for trying to make her into what she was not.

Obviously, Rock could see right through her. He knew that this was not the real Dana. In reality, she was plain and boring. She was his executive assistant and nothing else and it would do her well, she now knew, to remember that.

With a manicured finger she wiped away the lone tear that had settled in the corner of her eye, sniffed, and straightened her back. She would not give in to this. She was professional and she was strong, and even if her boss ran off to his office in order to avoid her, she would not be hurt by it. Not Dana Daniels. Instead, she would change her tactic. If her boss was hard as rock, she would be cold as steel.

The ringing of the phone jerked her back to the present. Rock was calling her inside his office. But was she ready to face him again? Well, if she was to conquer her demons, there was no time like the present. Setting her mouth in a determined line she picked up her notepad and walked into his office.

CHAPTER FIVE

When Dana walked into Rock's office she realized that seeing him and remaining aloof was easier said than done. When he'd entered the building he'd been dressed in jacket and tie, looking every inch the businessman. Now, however, he'd shed his jacket and thrown it on the couch and his tie hung loose around his neck. Even his sleeves were rolled up. When he'd come in he'd looked exhausted but now he seemed alert, ready to work.

Rock waved her over to the empty chair. She moved to take the seat he offered but paused when she heard his next words.

"I've got to apologize," he said, and as she turned to look at him he gave her a rueful smile.

Dana could only stare back at him in confusion. What was he apologizing for? For not noticing that she'd made an effort to look good? For him? Don't be an idiot, Dana. The man would never apologize for that. Slowly, she sank into her seat and turned her eyes up to stare at him.

"I know I've been more absent than present since I've taken over this corporation." His lips tightened and he shook his head. "In the three and a half months since I joined the company how many days have I actually spent in the office? I've practically left the lot of you to run the corporation by yourselves." He shook his head. "Especially you, Dana. I know in my absence everybody's been running to you with their issues. It's going to stop right now." Rock got up from behind his desk and, shoving his fists into his pockets, he walked over to the plate glass window. He looked out over onto the streets of Manhattan, but from the faraway look in his eyes Dana could tell that he was not seeing anything down below. His thoughts were on other things, the matters of the corporation.

"I know you probably have a folder full of things to discuss with me, Dana. Well, I'm here today, and I'll be around for a long while. I've put things in place so that I don't have to keep running off." He turned, his brows furrowed, a look of concern on his face. "I can't imagine the level of stress you've been under these past three months. I know I have a lot of catching up to do and I need you to help me. I may even have to ask you to work late sometimes. Can you do that?"

Surprised at his humble tone, Dana didn't answer right away. Rock seemed to take that as an objection to his proposal because his face grew darker, just slightly, but she could sense that, for some reason, he was not pleased. "Or are your evenings usually taken?" He said the words softly.

Dana almost frowned but she held herself in check. She had a good mind to tell him that all her evenings were taken but then she decided against it. She had to be honest, and her answer would have to be that if he needed her to work late she could. All her evenings were free.

"I won't touch your weekends. Promise."

Dana was just about to say it didn't matter, she wasn't busy on the weekends anyway, but then she caught herself just in time. Rock didn't have to know that. Okay, so her life was pathetic, but that was none of his business.

"You're going to see a whole lot more of me," he continued. "I'm serious about the success of this corporation and I plan to dedicate my time to it."

She was going to see a whole more of him? Damn her heart for fluttering at that thought. She dropped her eyes. Now was not the time for her boss to be reading her thoughts.

"Knock, knock."

They both looked up at the sound of Jason's voice as it drifted in from the outer office.

Dana's heart sank. Not again. Right at this moment the last person she wanted to see was Jason Blake. He was already the source of contention between her and Rock and she desperately wanted to avoid stirring up any more trouble. Cautiously, she lifted her eyes then looked at her boss. Just as she'd feared, he looked livid.

She jumped up out of her chair. "Let me see what he wants." Quickly, she turned toward the door then hurried to the outer office. And there was Jason, heading toward her desk, a broad smile on his face.

"Yes, Jason," she said through clenched teeth. "What is it?"

He paused, looking taken aback by her vehemence. "I'm hurt. Don't you miss me?"

Her response was a frigid stare. "Get to the point."

Instead of being fazed by her rancor, Jason sauntered over to the chair in front of her desk and flopped down. "I thought you'd be lonely in here all by yourself. I finished my meeting early so I decided to come keep you company."

Of all the nerve. It would be just her luck to have Jason show up with this attitude on the very day that Rock decided to come back to the office. The fact was, she hadn't seen Jason for days. So now what was his problem? She marched over to stand in front of him. "I'm not lonely. In fact, I'm busy. I'm in a meeting." She whispered the words angrily, praying that Rock wasn't listening to every word. All she wanted to do was get rid of Jason. Fast.

Her visitor didn't look like he planned to budge at all. He chuckled. "Yeah, right. You're just trying to avoid me. Just when you're looking so lovely, too." His eyes roamed over her body, openly, boldly. "I suppose you know everybody's been talking about how good you've been looking lately. What's the occasion? On a man hunt?"

Dana could have slapped him right there and then. Her palms itched to do it but now was not the time. Jason needed to leave her office now and she would throw him out bodily if she had to. Clenching her fists at her sides, she took a step closer to him. "Jason, I'm warning you-"

"Looks like my employees have too much time on their hands."

Dana whirled round and Jason jumped to his feet. This time she didn't even spare him a glance. If Rock took him by the collar and threw him out, she would do nothing to defend him. He didn't deserve it.

"Jason was just leaving," she said then turned back to the miscreant and fixed him with a hateful glare.

Jason, coward that he was, did not have to be told twice. Within less than a second he was gone, leaving Dana to face the music with Rock. Again.

This time when she looked at him the enthusiasm in his eyes had been replaced by hardness. His mouth twisted in a cynical smile. "I'm going to have a hard time getting some work out of you. Looks like I'm in for some serious competition for your time." Without another word he turned and walked back into his office, leaving her to follow behind him.

Dana could only stifle a sigh. Why did these things have to keep happening to her? The gods must really hate her.

**

"I tell you, my books are clean." Sean Johnson leaned forward, a look of consternation on his face.

Rock stared at him coldly, but said nothing. He'd been back in office three days now and ever since his arrival he had made the decision that before the week was out he would get to the bottom of the mystery of the missing funds. Without saying a word to anyone he had used the services of an outside financial consultant to review the books and get the confirmation he sought. Richard French had been right. The cash did not match the books. Something was definitely going on. The big problem, though, was that the financial consultant had not been able to pinpoint exactly where the leak was taking place.

"So why don't the accounts match the cash balance?" Rock's glare was unwavering as he watched every move the man made, from the way his eyebrows shot up each time he was confronted with a new piece of information to the way they darted away whenever Rock looked him in the eyes.

"I don't know," the man said, putting up a hand to wipe at his brow. "Something crazy is going on."

Rock stared at the man who sat in the chair across from his desk. He felt absolutely no pity for him. "And you never realized this?"

The man dropped his hands and gripped the arms of the chair then he looked up. "Well, no. I've been focusing on the overall picture, I guess..." His face began to turn a deep red. "I guess I didn't pay close enough attention to the little details."

Rock scowled. "Those little details cost us over a hundred thousand last year."

Sean Johnson's face turned an even darker shade of red and he dropped his eyes. For a long while there was silence. Then, to Rock's surprise, the man looked up at him again and this time his eyes flashed with anger. "Do you know what? I am innocent. Whatever you may think, I know I have a clear conscience. If you doubt me, why don't you call the police? Let them do an investigation."

Rock frowned. "I'm not ready for that yet."

"If you're ready to accuse me of being dishonest then you'd better call them in." Sean Johnson stood up and the cowardly man that had sat in the chair was gone. Now he was all indignation. "I enjoy the job I do here, Mr. St. Stephens, and I take pride in the fact that I'm an honest man. If you're going to call me in here to accuse me of theft, then you'd better go all the way. Bring in the police, anybody you want. You can accuse me of overlooking something but you can never accuse me of stealing from this company. I respect Robert French and myself too much to do anything like that."

"Sit down, Mr. Johnson. I'm not accusing you of anything." Rock jerked his head at the chair and continued scowling until his employee sat back down. He was not used to his staff members standing up to him - in this case, literally. But Sean Johnson's reaction did one thing - it gave Rock the feeling that this man, as shifty as he looked, could not be involved. He could not have faked his confusion when he was confronted with the information about the discrepancy in the books. And he could not have faked his indignation at being accused of dishonesty. He was either telling the truth or he was an actor worthy of the Academy Award.

Rock folded his arms across his chest and shook his head but said nothing, realizing his dilemma. He'd thought he'd got to the bottom of this but if the culprit was not Sean Johnson, then who was it?

He was back at square one.

CHAPTER SIX

For the second time that evening Dana looked up to see Rock watching her and he did not look pleased. What had she done now? She glanced away and turned back to her computer screen, feigning intense interest in the report she was typing.

This was the third night in a row that he had asked her to stay late. She hadn't minded at all. In fact, she totally understood because he had explained to her that there had been a steady decline in business over the last few months and he was determined to reverse that trend. That would require a lot of work - analysis, meetings with their major clients, a change in their business strategy. All of that meant that she would have to put in long hours with Rock so that he could complete the tasks within the time he had specified. He had shared with her that within the next two months he hoped to reverse the slide in the sale of luxury vacations but also to embark on some major projects. Instead of just selling luxury packages to clients Rock wanted to take the business to a higher level. He wanted the company to own its own luxury resort. That would require extensive research as they checked properties in the Caribbean for possible purchase.

Dana was up to the task and she'd been willingly working late hours with Rock. Although it was a lot of work, she'd actually enjoyed it. The only challenge was a personal one. Every time they were in the same room she had to fight to subdue her body's reaction to this virile man. Each time he came near, her breath would catch in her throat and her ni**les, traitors that they were, would stiffen inside her bra. With a treacherous body like hers, working with Rock late at night was like playing with fire.

But tonight, for some reason, Rock seemed to be in a foul mood. Instead of piling on the work he would fall into silence, his thoughts seeming to be a million miles away. Then he would scowl and turn those golden eyes on her with a look of such ferocity that she would swear he had something against her. But if he did, he said nothing to explain himself, and she definitely was not going to ask.

**

God, this was torture. Rock got up from behind his desk and began to pace the room. He had asked Dana to work late again, and although the work had to be done it was more for selfish reasons than for anything else that he had her here till seven-thirty at nights. He let out a grunt of self-disgust and shoved his fists into his pockets. He was pathetic.

The fact of the matter was, he wanted Dana. He'd been trying to fight it all these months but he finally had to admit it to himself. What he felt for her was more than merely passing interest. Much to his chagrin he finally had to admit that, contrary to his morals, he was attracted to one of his employees. Now how the hell was he going to get out of this mess?

Rock drew in a deep breath then shook his head. The only way to get this monkey off his back was to confront it head on. He walked over to stand beside Dana's desk then folded his arms across his chest. "What's going on between you and Jason Blake?"

Dana looked up, seeming startled at first, then her brows came together. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me," he said, his voice brusque.

As he watched, Dana drew in a deep breath and her nostrils flared. Then she fixed him with a cold, hard stare. "I told you before and I'll tell you again. There is nothing going on between us. Not that it's any of your business."

"When it's taking place inside my office that makes it my business." So she wanted to play tough? Two could play that game.

"And I keep telling you, there's nothing going on between us. Whatever you may think of me, I'm a professional, and I don't take my personal business to the office." She got up from behind the desk and turned to face him. "And I don't appreciate your accusations." Dana's chest heaved and her eyes flashed. Her lips were trembling - those full, pink lips, so angry and yet so vulnerable, so tempting in their rage.

And as he stood there glaring at her, all Rock could think about was what it would feel like to pull her into his arms and kiss her breathless.

For what seemed like an eternity he just stood there, staring at her, fighting the urge to give in to his desire. He was her boss, he knew, but he was also a man...a man whose baser side wanted to take over right now, office protocol be damned.

His silence must have confused her because she took another breath then bit down on her lip. And all he could think was, so sexy. But the situation was impossible. He shook his head and gave a deep sigh. "I owe you an apology."

That made her look even more confused. But, to her credit, she said nothing.

"My behavior might have been...inappropriate, but it's hard to stay objective when..." He decided against finishing the sentence. He was being a fool, and he knew it.

She raised her eyebrows. "When what?"

He shook his head again. "Forget it. I'm not myself this evening." Then he gave her a rueful smile. "I apologize for not complimenting you on your new look. I can see why Blake has a hard time staying away."

She looked surprised at his comment. He knew it was wrong but he couldn't resist expressing what he had on his mind. "A man would have to be made of stone not to-" He caught himself just in time. But then, when he saw the look of eager anticipation on her face, he decided to plunge in. To hell with it. "You know what I want to do right now?"

"What?" Her eyes wide, her voice breathless, she was hard to resist.

"I want to kiss you."

With a look of challenge in her eyes she tilted her head up to stare him full in the face. "Why don't you?"

That was all the permission Rock needed. Before he could change his mind he stepped around the desk, reached out and pulled Dana up and into his arms. Sliding his fingers through her silky hair, he cupped the back of her head then he tilted her mouth toward his. As his mouth descended she moaned as if in anticipation of his kiss. That only spurred him on further. His mouth captured hers and then he was kissing her, tasting her sweetness, feeling the softness of her lips against his.

And she was kissing back, opening to receive him, pressing her body against his so that the fullness of her br**sts pressed against his chest, sending the heat of passion coursing to his groin.

When Rock finally released Dana and lifted his head to stare down at her, her eyes were closed, her lips soft and swollen. God, she was beautiful. And he wanted more of her. But he knew it would not work. It couldn't. She was his employee.

The thought was like a bucket of cold water in his face, jerking him back to his senses. He had to get a hold of himself.

Rock stepped back and away from Dana then cleared his throat. "Excuse me," he said hoarsely. "I'd better leave you to your work." And as he turned to walk away her eyes flew open and he saw the look on her face. It was a mixture of confusion and distress and he knew he was the one who had put it there. Feeling like a cad, he kept on walking.

CHAPTER SEVEN

"I can't believe you did that. Dear, sweet Dana, a flirt?" Becky's laughter echoed into the phone.

"And it's all your fault."

"Mine?" Becky's voice was a squeak of incredulity. "What do I have to do with it?"

"Don't you play innocent with me," Dana growled. "It was you who made me into what I'm not."

"What? An attractive woman who's sensible enough to enhance her strong points? I'm sorry, but I'm not going to apologize for that. And besides," Becky said, chuckling, "all I did was make you pretty. I didn't tell you to go kiss the man."

Dana could only sigh. "I know. You're right. I don't know what came over me."

"I do," Becky said enigmatically. "Your new look gave you greater confidence, made you bolder. It's the new you. Daring Dana."

Dana sighed again. "I wish you wouldn't joke about it. And anyway, he was the one who made the first move. I told you that."

"Now why don't I believe that?" Becky scoffed. "A man like you described Rock to be, uber-professional and all, he wouldn't-"

"Yes, he would." Dana cut her off mid-sentence but then she bit her lip. She could only fool Becky for so long. "Okay, I admit it. I might have given him a wee bit of encouragement."

"I knew it." Becky laughed out loud. "You go, girl. I'm proud of you. Hey listen," her voice fell to a conspiratorial whisper, "if you let me coach you I'll have him eating out of your hands in no time. Next thing you know there'll be wedding bells."

"Becky." Dana's voice was sharp as she chided her friend. "Don't even go there."

"Come on, girl, be realistic," Becky scolded. "How do you think you'll ever get married if you don't assert yourself?"

Dana rolled her eyes, no matter that Becky wasn't there to see it. "This, from a woman who hasn't snagged herself a husband yet."

"Don't you worry about me," Becky said with a chuckle. "You're the subject of conversation now."

For a moment Dana was silent. Three hours had passed since 'the kiss' and she still felt the searing heat of Rock's lips on hers. When she finally spoke her voice came out in a broken whisper. "Becky, I'm scared."

"Oh, honey, of what?" The laughter in Becky's voice was gone and in its place was a hint of concern. "Was it what I said?"

"No, it's how I feel. I liked it just a bit...too much. How am I going to face him at work tomorrow?"

"Sorry, I can't help you with that one," Becky said with a smile in her voice. "I'm afraid you're going to have to face the music on your own."

Becky was right. She'd put herself in this situation and now she would have to deal with it. And the best way she could think of was to be tough and pretend that nothing ever happened.

Now if only her boss would follow her lead, life could go right back to normal.

**

Next day it took less than fifteen minutes in office with Rock to realize that there was no going back to normal. She was too isolated with him, all the way down the hall in the executive suite. And her body was too aware of him, too tuned in to his presence. She could hardly think straight. Everywhere she turned there was something that reminded her of 'the kiss' - the chair that she'd hopped out of, the desk he'd circled to reach her, the door he'd disappeared behind after devastating her with his kiss. Was she going crazy? The most innocent of objects had now become her enemy.

She was sitting at her desk, mulling over her difficult situation, when the phone rang. It was Rock and he needed her in his office right away. He'd pretty much avoided her all morning, but what would his reaction be now, with her sitting right across from him?

If he totally ignored her, pretending that nothing had happened, it would be a good thing, right? That was what her mind said but as far as her heart was concerned if he did that, she would be crushed. It would mean the kiss meant absolutely nothing to him.

As the thoughts swirled inside her head Dana stood up then sucked in her breath. Come on, girl, get your act together. You can't afford to lose your heart to your boss. Business is business. There's no room for you to get your heart involved. Feeling more confident after her pep talk she walked boldly through the door and into Rock's office.

Dana was surprised when she saw the smile on Rock's face. Since taking over the company she could count the number of times he'd actually smiled. On one hand. So what had happened to him today? Was she the reason for his dramatic change of mood? She could only wish.

"Have a seat, Dana." He waved her over to the chair. "I have some good news to share with you."

Dana did as she was told and sank onto the edge of the chair, brimming with curiosity.

"Remember I told you of the new strategy I was planning to implement, where I would be acquiring a few luxury resorts?"

She nodded.

"I've finally made a breakthrough." He stepped away from the window and walked over to the desk where he sat on the edge, looking down at her. "There's a small luxury hotel for sale in the Bahamas, on the main island of New Providence, and the price is a steal. The owners are retiring and are looking to offload the property real fast. I want us to go down there next week, do a site visit, get a feel for the place. If it's a good fit, then we'll take it."

At his words Dana's breath caught in her throat then she frowned. Had she heard right? "Did you say...we?"

"Of course. I'll be having meetings with the owners and I'll need you there to support me. After all, you're my right hand."

A trip to the Bahamas. With her boss. Dana didn't know whether to feel elated or scared so she ended up feeling both. And she had every right to be scared because, although this would be a business trip, she had absolutely no idea how she was going to handle it. She'd thought being in the executive suite alone with Rock had been difficult but being away with him on an overseas trip, now that was going to be a real test of her fortitude. Her body had turned traitor last night and she prayed she would be able to keep it in check.

"Now before we go there's a lot of work to do," Rock continued. "I need you to provide me with as much background information as possible on this hotel and its operations." As he looked down at her he folded his arms across his chest and his face became thoughtful. "I'm already enthusiastic about this business possibility but I don't want to be swayed by emotions. I want the facts to be my guide. And that's where you come in."

Dana nodded. "Just let me know how soon you need the information and I'll have it ready for you."

Rock smiled. "That's what I want to hear. Let's plan to have a debriefing on Monday around two o'clock. We leave for the Bahamas Wednesday morning."

"Very good," Dana said with a nod and rose to leave.

"And Dana," Rock said, giving her an enigmatic look.

"Yes?"

"You'll have nothing to worry about."

Dana nodded and made her way out of Rock's office, pulling the door closed behind her. Only then did she expel her breath. You'll have nothing to worry about? Now what the heck did he mean by that?

CHAPTER EIGHT

Sun, sea and sand, the typical promise of the islands of the Caribbean and Dana was looking forward to it. This was her first visit to the Bahamas. In fact, it was her visit to a Caribbean island, and she could hardly wait. The closest she'd come to a tropical vacation had been a spring break trip to Mexico five years before but a visit to an island? That was a totally new experience for her. And regardless of the fact that this was not a vacation at all but a business trip, she was thrilled.

And what made it even more nerve-tingling was that she was making the trip with a man who made her heart forget that it was supposed to be beating steadily in her chest. Lately, that most critical organ seemed to be more interested in skipping and hopping than in beating at its steady old rhythm. Being in the company of a super-handsome man could do that to you. But if she had retained even a little of the good sense that God had given her, she would rein it in and take control. This was a business trip and she would do well not to forget that.

As the limousine sped away from the Lynden Pindling International Airport, Dana leaned back and settled into her seat.

"Drink?"

She opened her eyes to see Rock reaching for a chilled bottle of wine. "You look like you could use one after that flight."

Dana almost smiled. It had been a bit of a bumpy ride. At one point she'd almost grabbed Rock's hand but she'd caught herself just in time. She'd never been a big fan of flying but she'd thought that the trip to the Bahamas would have been a breeze, seeing that the flight time was only two and a half hours. She'd been sure she would be able to manage that. Now, though, she was just grateful to be on the ground.

She shook her head. "No, thanks. I just want to relax and enjoy the view."

The journey from the airport to Paradise Island took less than half an hour and along the way Dana relaxed and enjoyed the sights and sounds of the island. The car took them along Cable Beach, past Goodman's Bay Park and through parts of downtown Nassau. Soon they were riding across the bridge leading to Paradise Island, their destination.

Dana sat up and stared wide eyed as they approached a huge, impressive-looking hotel. "Is that where we're staying?" She twisted her body to get a better view. "I've always heard about this hotel. I never thought that one day I'd be staying there."

Rock chuckled. "We'll be staying at the Reef Atlantis. I trust you'll be comfortable there."

Dana turned back to face him. "I'll be comfortable anywhere as long as we're on this island. I've never been to a Caribbean island before."

Rock frowned. "Are you telling me that with all the luxury packages sold by Premier Holdings you've never taken advantage of any of them?"

Dana looked at him, slightly taken aback by his question. "No, not at all. I can't afford that sort of thing."

"I didn't mean that you would pay for it." Rock looked at her as if she were crazy. "This is the business of your company. You've never sampled any of the products?"

"No," Dana answered, her voice hesitant. "Never." In truth, the thought had never even crossed her mind that she or any of the other employees should be allowed to try any of the packages that the company sold. She was surprised that Rock would even suggest it. Wouldn't something like that affect the company's bottom line, letting the staff stay in luxury hotels?

"How can I expect you to sell these packages, really help clients understand what they are like, if you've never experienced them yourself? Make a note, Dana," Rock said, his voice firm, "when we get back to the office we'll make an announcement to the staff. All staff members are eligible to a free vacation at one of the luxury resorts we do business with. I do not want to have anybody working for me who can't give a first hand account of what it's like to stay in one of the resorts we're selling."

Dana was quick to give him a nod. "Well noted, sir."

Rock laughed at that.

But although Dana smiled back, inside she felt like she was glowing. Here was another side to Rock, a very generous side, one that she could only admire. How many bosses would order their staff to vacation at a luxury resort at the company's expense? Rock St. Stephens was certainly a man of surprises.

At that moment her attention was drawn to the luxury hotel at which Rock had arranged for them to stay. And as she stared in wonder, Rock explained that they would each have their own suite with bedrooms, kitchen, living room and sitting room, fully equipped with all they could ever need. And the sweetest part? They each had a private balcony overlooking the beach.

As soon as they had checked in Rock turned to her. "It's only four o'clock. Why don't you get some rest and we meet at around six thirty for dinner?"

"That would be nice. I am feeling a bit tired."

"And tomorrow we have a long day ahead of us." He gave her an admiring look, from her pants suit to her stiletto heels. "I hope you've brought flat shoes because we're going to be touring the island tomorrow. I want us to get a feel for the place, to get to know a little bit about Nassau before we have our meeting on Friday." He gave her a smile. "So as lovely as you look, I would suggest you ditch the high heels."

"I'm happy to say I came fully prepared. If you're planning on doing a lot of walking, I'll be right by your side."

"Good. See you at six thirty then for dinner?"

"Six thirty," she said with a nod and with a happy toss of her head she headed for the elevator and the comfort of her luxury suite. She planned to enjoy every minute of it until dinnertime.

CHAPTER NINE

At six twenty-five that evening, Rock relaxed into the ultra-modern sofa in the hotel lobby then gave a soft groan as a wave of tiredness washed over him. Busy preparing for the trip, he'd had only five hours of sleep the night before and now it was catching up on him. He really had to stop this, acting like he was still the grad student who could pull all-nighters when it came to exam times. This was definitely not the kind of thing to do at the ripe old age of thirty-four. He was getting up there in age and he'd best remember that. Eyes half closed, Rock smiled to himself at his own private joke.

"Hello, Rock."

At the sound of Dana's voice he opened his eyes and there, in front of him, stood a vision of elegance. Immediately he stood up, his eyes roaming over Dana, transformed into an even greater beauty than before, if that were possible. Her long, dark hair which had fallen in layers over her shoulders and down her back was now swept high on top of her head in an elegant bun, with soft tendrils tickling her temples. Her eyes, always so dark and bold, now looked dazzling with gold highlights that complemented the deep brown of her eyes. And where, in the past, she'd always worn soft pink lipstick, tonight those lips were crimson and audacious...and very inviting.

Tonight Dana wore a simple black dress, but one which showed her off in a way that was tasteful and tempting at the same time. Slim spaghetti straps showed off the creamy smoothness of her shoulders. The silky black sheath of her dress caressed the curves of her br**sts and the roundness of her hips, covering her in all the right places but hugging close, providing much fuel to the imagination. And that little slit, just above her right knee, gave enough of a hint of long, shapely leg to make him think thoughts most inappropriate for a boss.

Realizing he was staring and still hadn't said a word several seconds after her greeting, Rock cleared his throat. "Dana, you look..." He paused as he searched for the right word. "Stunning is an understatement."

A soft blush rose to her cheeks. "Uhm, thank you." She looked like she didn't know what else to say after that.

Quickly, he put her out of her misery. "May I escort you, mademoiselle?" He gave her his arm and when she took it, it was with a look of gratitude. Poor Dana. He'd embarrassed her with his gushing praise. That was so unlike him. What was it about Dana Daniels that made him forget who he was?

It couldn't be her beauty. He'd seen beautiful women before. Lots of them. Many had all but thrown themselves at him. But this one...there was just something about her that made every single one of his nerve endings stand on end. He'd never been more aware of anyone in his life.

But, he reminded himself, under the circumstances there was nothing he could do about his intense attraction for this woman. She was his employee, after all. So it was either fire her and then pursue her or leave her the hell alone. Be sensible, Rock. There's really only one option. Take your pathetic mind off Dana Daniels. The woman's not even interested in you. Suitably chided by his inner self, Rock turned down the hallway with Dana on his arm. It was time to get back to the matter at hand. Dinner.

To Rock's surprise, dinner with Dana turned out to be a lot more relaxed than he had anticipated. He'd felt like kicking himself for getting them off to a bad start with his embarrassing outpouring of praise. But then, once they'd settled down to eat, Dana had begun to seem more at ease in his presence, smiling at his gluttony when he ate all of four bread rolls before the soup even arrived, and laughing out loud when his stomach let him down by giving an embarrassing rumble.

"You're human, after all," she said, giving him a cheeky grin.

She didn't know how right she was. He was so human he could hardly keep his eyes off her, let alone his thoughts. And those thoughts weren't so innocent, either.

Pushing his wayward musings to the back of his mind, Rock gave her a wink. "If you doubt that, just ask my brothers."

That seemed to pique Dana's interest because she leaned forward, her brows raised. "You have brothers?"

Rock laughed. "I do. Two of them. And a mother and a father, too. I even have a grandmother. Did you think I was birthed on an alien planet and arrived in a space ship?"

That brought a bright shade of pink to her cheeks. "No," she said quickly, "of course not. I just...never thought of that side of you. You've always been so serious, I've always thought of you...in the context of the office."

"Well, now you know my secret." Rock chuckled as he reached for yet another roll. "I've got an older brother who still likes to boss me around, or at least he tries, and a younger brother who bugs the heck out of me sometimes. My dad's still a workaholic at age seventy but, luckily, he loves what he does. And my mom...well, she's the kind who'll love you to death but she doesn't take any lip," he gave her a rueful grin, "not even from her favorite son."

"Oh, so you're her favorite?"

"It would make sense. I'm the most stable of the three sons." Then he shrugged. "Of course, we all say that."

Dana laughed and when she did, her eyes sparkled in the light of the rose-shaped candles. Did she have any idea how breathtakingly beautiful she was?

Just then the server arrived, breaking into his thoughts. Almost with relief, Rock turned his attention to the bow-tied young man. Lately, his thoughts had been trespassing on forbidden ground and it was time to close that gate. And right now the best way was to stick to the subject of family. You couldn't go wrong with that.

As soon as the server retreated, Rock turned his attention back to Dana. "So, what about you? Do you have a family, or are you the alien in our midst?"

"I guess you could say that I'm an alien...of sorts." Dana gave him an enigmatic smile then picked up her spoon. "Mmm," she said, inhaling deeply and closing her eyes, "this soup smells delicious."

Rock leaned back in his chair and folded his arms across his chest as he stared at her.

Dana cocked an eyebrow at him. "Aren't you going to have your soup? I know you're hungry."

Rock made no move to pick up his spoon. Instead, he gave her a mock scowl. "You leave me with a cryptic statement like that and expect me to just keep on eating? Explain yourself, young lady."

Instead of answering right away, Dana took a sip of her soup. Apparently, she was intent on letting him stew a little longer in his curiosity. Finally, she looked up, her face serious. "I wasn't joking when I said I was an alien." Then she gave him an impish grin. "A legal one, that is."

"So you're not American?"

She shook her head. "I was born in Bristol, England, but moved to the United States when I was five years old."

"So you've been living here ever since and never became a citizen?"

She gave him a crooked smile. "Weird, huh? But I have a reasonable explanation..." She paused then looked perplexed. "Actually, it might not seem so reasonable, now that I think about it. My family is sort of...different."

Rock leaned forward, totally ignoring his soup. "Now I'm really curious. How different?"

"My dad's an army man. Still is. And he loves England. But my mom..." Dana raised her shoulders, almost as if in an effort to find the words. "...she loves America. More modern, she always said. So she left my dad and took me to New York where we spent two years and then she started missing him."

"So he remained in England?" Rock frowned. "And she only started missing him after two years?" Dana was right when she said her family was different. He could not even begin to imagine his parents being apart that long.

"I know. It sounds crazy but that's how my parents are." Dana shook her head then took another sip of her soup. When she looked up and spoke again her voice was earnest. "I have no doubt that they love each other but that's how they've always been, just as happy apart as together. As long as they're pursuing their interests, I guess."

Rock followed Dana's example and took a sip of his soup and as he ate she explained to him how she and her mother returned to England when she was seven but then the next eleven years were spent moving from country to country but every two or three years they would end up back in England.

"No disrespect," Rock said, frowning with confusion, "but what is it with your mother? Why can't she stay in one place more than a few years?"

"I guess it's her nature. She's always been a wanderer. She's an artist," Dana said as if that explained everything. "She sculpts, paints landscapes and does ceramics. I guess it takes many countries to feed her passion."

"Poor kid. When did you get a chance to make friends?"

Dana sighed but still she smiled. "Not till I made it to college. I insisted on doing my degree in the United States and, thankfully, my parents didn't object." She shook her head. "I tell you, Rock, I was so sick of moving from place to place, once I started college I never boarded another plane. Until now, that is."

"What about your parents? Don't you visit them?" This family was seeming stranger and stranger by the minute.

"Oh, they come and visit me all the time, and they stay for weeks at a time. But me, I want stability now. That's why I applied for a green card right after college. I'm happy here."

"And you never thought of settling here for good, becoming a citizen?"

"I...I guess I haven't given it much thought. I haven't had reason to." Then her face took on a thoughtful look. "I guess if I ever decide to start a family-"

Abruptly, she stopped speaking then her face colored and she looked down. "Sorry."

"Not at all. That would be a very good reason to settle down here." His tone was gentle, reassuring, but it did not seem to ease her distress. Obviously, she felt she'd blundered by bringing up a personal topic. Was it because he was her boss that she seemed so uncomfortable, or was it something else?

After that the conversation lulled and Rock could see Dana's relief when the server arrived with the entree. It wasn't until dessert - cheese cake for her and sherbet for him - that she began to relax and seem like her old self.

"I'm sorry I haven't been great company for dinner. I'm not very good at this sort of thing." As soon as the words were out a look of embarrassment flashed across her face and she clamped her mouth shut.

"Meaning?" This time he wasn't going to let her off the hook.

At first she kept her lips sealed tight but then she sighed. "Okay, you've probably figured this out already. I meant...I don't go out much. This is the first dinner date I've had in over a year." At those words she blushed again then said quickly, "Not that this is a date. I didn't mean that at all."

She looked so distressed, so vulnerable, that he reached out and touched her hand - for the briefest of moments, but in that feather-light touch he felt the electricity of awareness ignite between them.

"Not to worry, Dana. I know what you meant."

Was it the change of environment, the idyllic atmosphere of the island? What had caused this change in Dana? What had happened to the girl they called Richard French's bulldog? The cold, formal assistant who had worked in his office was gone and in her place was a softer, gentler creature. And he liked it.

In fact, he had liked the whole evening. For the first time since they'd met he'd spent close to three hours with Dana and not once had they discussed anything to do with work.

But then he remembered they would have to be up early next day. He glanced at his watch. "Whoa. Almost ten o'clock. Time to get you to bed."

She nodded. "I'm feeling a bit ragged. Must be the plane ride." As if the thought brought on even more tiredness she stifled a yawn.

Immediately Rock stood up. "Let me walk you to your door." He reached out and helped her to her feet then, clasping her elbow, he escorted her out of the restaurant and to the elevator. Inside, she sighed and leaned back against the mirror-covered wall. Her eyes half-closed, she gave him a soft smile. "Thank you for dinner. It was wonderful."

"It was my pleasure." As he watched her, her body languorous and soft, his hands itched to hold her, to pull her into him, to give her another kind of pleasure. He was aching to kiss her.

When the elevator door opened Dana stepped forward and, as if the gods were on his side, her heel caught in the groove and she stumbled, falling back against him, right into his waiting arms.

As his arms went round her she leaned against him and looked up, her eyes cloudy with an emotion he decided was desire. She wanted him just as much as he wanted her.

Rock needed no further invitation. As the elevator door closed again, enclosing them inside its walls, he tightened his arms around her and captured her mouth in a kiss that would leave her in no doubt that he wanted her.

And she was kissing him back. So sweetly, so urgently, her arms coming up to cling to him, her soft moan filling the space that was now their own private world.

And it was almost his undoing. God, he wanted her so bad. His mouth slipped from her lips to her throat and as he kissed her there she gasped. He slid his mouth back to those sweet lips, drinking in the honey of her desire, losing himself in the aphrodisiac that was Dana Daniels. With a soft 'ping' the elevator door opened and he jerked his head up just as an elderly couple stepped inside. They smiled at Rock and Dana.

His arms still around her, Rock shifted Dana's body, shielding her from the open stares. Thinking fast, he put a hand to her forehead. "Feeling better, honey? Just rest your head on my shoulder. A little sleep and your headache will be gone in no time."

That seemed to satisfy the couple because their open curiosity and smiles soon gave way to a commentary on the meal they'd just had, and even when the door opened on their floor and they were walking down the hallway, they were still singing high praises for the chef.

When the door closed shut behind them Rock pressed the button for Dana's floor then slowly released her.

She still looked dazed and he smiled, flattering himself with the thought that it was all due to the effect of his earth-moving kiss.

"Are you all right?" He put up a hand to brush away a lock of hair that had come loose from its clasp and fallen onto her cheek.

She swallowed then nodded and lowered her head but she made no move to step away. She was putting no distance between them and that, he knew, was a good sign.

The elevator doors opened again and this time Rock was successful in walking Dana to her door. He stood back as she used her keycard to open it and then she turned toward him.

"Goodnight, Rock." That was all she said, her voice soft and low, but in her eyes was a look that said a whole lot more.

Dana stepped inside and closed the door gently behind her.

And when Rock walked away he knew deep inside that from here on his relationship with his employee could never be the same again.

CHAPTER TEN

'If once you have slept on an island you'll never be quite the same.' Dana smiled as her thoughts went back to the words of the poem she'd learned as a little girl. The words were those of Rachel Field, if she remembered correctly, and they were so true.

She'd just spent her first night on Paradise Island and it had been wonderful. Well, maybe she was being a bit biased. She'd had a fantastic dinner date with Rock and then he'd kissed her. Again. And the second time was more electrifying than the first.

She hadn't been shocked when he'd pulled her into his arms. It was what she'd been wanting all evening. And, as if he'd been reading her mind, he'd given her what she'd been craving all along.

And she was not disappointed.

Now, as she lay in the luxurious comfort of her hotel bed, she relived that kiss, every second of it, and she could only groan at the memory. But today was a new day and they had business to take care of. She glanced at the bedside clock. Six forty-five. Plenty of time to shower, dress and make it down to breakfast by the agreed time of eight o'clock.

She stretched then slid out of the bed and padded over to the bathroom where she splashed water on her face, stripped off the bra and panties she'd slept in, then stepped under the cool spray of water. And as it washed over her, her mind churned with thoughts of what lay ahead. She was looking forward to seeing Rock again. And she wasn't. Well, she was more looking forward to it than not.

What if he acted like nothing had happened? What if he went back to his old, aloof self? Worse still, what if he looked at her like he'd known all along that she would succumb to his charm? What if he thought she was easy?

She sucked in her breath at the thought. No, she didn't even want to think it. She would never survive that.

With a sigh she turned off the tap and toweled off. A piece of work, that was what she was. She'd hopped out of bed all excited, convinced it was going to be a great day, and within minutes she'd done a one-eighty and had talked herself into a state of near depression.

At the end of it all, though, the only thing she could do was wait until she saw Rock again. Only then would she be able to gauge his response to her.

An hour later, dressed in sensible shoes and a comfortable suit of white linen, Dana made her way to the restaurant where a breakfast buffet had been set up. At that time of morning the breakfast room was sparse with only a few guests, plates in hand, gathering slices of French toast and scooping up eggs from the warming pans while others sat at the table, enjoying more elaborate fare. Dana's eyes searched the room but Rock was nowhere in sight.

She shrugged. No big deal. She'd arrived ten minutes early so he would probably be down soon. She helped herself to a glass of orange juice then strolled over to an empty table that looked out onto the translucent blue sea. She would enjoy the view while she waited.

She'd finished her juice and gone back for seconds when it occurred to her that Rock was taking a long time to get downstairs. Dana frowned. She'd expected him to be early, not the opposite. From what she knew of him after over three months of their working together, she knew this was not like him.

Dana slipped her cell phone out of her purse and checked the time. Twelve minutes after eight. She pursed her lips as she mulled over her options. She could respect the fact that he was her boss and just wait until he decided to descend from his palatial suite, or she could call him and ask him what the heck was keeping him so long. She preferred the second idea but she decided to wait just five more minutes before she exercised that option.

When she saw the time hit eight twenty without any sign of Rock she began to get worried. Something was definitely wrong. She would not wait another minute.

Dana slung her purse over her shoulder and hurried to the hallway where she picked up the house phone and asked to be connected to Rock's room. The phone rang and rang. No answer. Where could he be? Or had he deliberately turned the ringer down? For a moment she debated whether or not to go up to his room. And then she thought, what if he was sick?

Without another moment's hesitation she hurried to the elevator and pressed the button for the penthouse floor. As soon as the door opened she hurried along the hallway toward his suite, not really believing he was sick but just wanting to make sure. When they'd parted he'd been fine. He was all right, she told herself. At the door she took a deep breath then knocked. No answer. She knocked again and still there was no sign of Rock. The worry rising inside her, Dana wondered if she should head back downstairs and get the hotel manager. Suppose something terrible had happened? Suppose he'd passed out or worse, had a heart attack? She was about to turn away when she decided to give it one last try. She pounded on the door. Hard.

Within seconds she heard the snapping of the lock and the door opened. Before her stood a tall, bare-chested, and sleepy-looking Rock.

"Are you all right?" she blurted out, her eyes examining his face for signs of distress. But he looked fine. "What happened to you?"

Rock grunted. "What time is it?" he asked, his voice thick with sleep.

Dana could not believe her ears. "It's almost eight thirty. You were supposed to have been downstairs at eight o'clock for breakfast. Remember?"

"Oh, right." He sighed and put his hand to his forehead.

"Is something wrong?" Dana couldn't hide the hint of worry that crept into her voice.

"Migraine."

One word. That was all he said but it told the whole story. Not waiting for an answer, Rock turned away, leaving the door wide open, and headed back into the suite.

Not knowing what else to do, Dana stepped inside, closed the door behind her, and followed him into the living room but by then Rock was already back inside his bedroom.

Dana paused. So what was she to do now? Obviously he was in bad shape and probably needed help. She followed him into the bedroom.

Rock was sprawled on top of the king-sized bed in the middle of the room, his arm flung over his eyes. Slowly, Dana stepped forward until she was standing right by the bed. She didn't know if he even remembered that she was there, but she needed to do something.

"Rock," she said softly, "can I get you anything?"

His response was a low groan. "Sorry, Dana," he said with a sigh. "This hasn't happened to me in years. Not since college." He groaned. "It must have been something I ate."

She leaned down and touched his arm. "What should I do? Should I call a doctor? Get you some medicine, maybe?" She felt so helpless, watching him suffer, not knowing what to do.

"No. Just a cool washcloth." His voice was a barely audible sigh. "A cool washcloth on my forehead will do the trick." For a moment he was silent then he spoke again, his voice a little stronger this time. "It attacked me about four o'clock this morning. I guess I finally drifted off to sleep about an hour ago."

"I was calling you on the phone. There was no answer."

"Couldn't hear a thing. Too exhausted."

And that word reminded Dana that she had to shut up. Rock didn't need her questions, not now when he was in pain. She left his side and hurried to the bathroom to get him the washcloth he'd asked for.

She was on her way back to him, washcloth in hand, when she paused to stare at him as he lay on the bed. She couldn't help it. His body was so beautiful. His bare chest, broad and muscled, rose and fell as he breathed. The arm he'd flung across his face was rippled and firm and his legs had muscles in all the right places. He lay there, so big, so strong, yet still human. Dana pulled herself from her reverie and moved close to Rock as he lay on the bed. "I have your washcloth," she whispered.

At the sound of her voice he slid his arm down and she rested the folded cloth across his eyes. He sighed, sounding as if she had soothed the heat that raged in his head. "Thanks," he breathed, then after a minute of silence he spoke again. "Sorry, Dana. We'll have to do the island tour later. I just need some sleep then I'll be fine."

Dana knew it was not her business to be there but she was loath to leave his side. "Do you...do you want me to stay with you?"

"No," he said with a low groan. "Not fair to you."

"I don't mind," she began but his voice broke in.

"Can't have you...listening to me snore. You already think I'm not human. My snoring would...confirm it."

Dana smiled even though he couldn't see her through the washcloth. She couldn't believe that, even in his pain, he was making jokes. She was seeing yet another side of Rock, the complete opposite of the man she'd known at the office, and she liked this view.

"Keep your cell phone on. I'll call you."

At those words, Dana gave him a soft pat on the shoulder and left the room. She knew when she was being dismissed. She wanted to stay but she would not force herself on him. She walked through the suite, went out the door, and closed it softly behind her. As she waited for the elevator her thoughts went back to what Rock had said. She smiled to herself as she pictured him lying in bed, fast asleep, snoring. What would it be like to wake up and find Rock snoring softly beside her?

Why did the thought set her heart to racing when she knew that it would never happen? They were from two different worlds, she and Rock, and as much as she wanted to fool herself that their two kisses meant something, she knew she was in fantasy land.

She and Rock? It would never happen, not in a thousand years.

**

Dana got the call at twelve thirty that afternoon. "Hope you're hungry because I'm starving."

She laughed. "Sounds like you're back to normal. I remember how healthy your appetite was at dinner."

"I'll bring the car around and we'll find a local restaurant where we can get some real Bahamian food," he said into the phone. "I was given some recommendations."

"Sounds good," she said. "I'll be down in ten minutes."

"And Dana, no business suits, please. Today, just relax and be yourself."

That made her raise her eyebrows. Be herself? How did he know what she was really like? But still, she was glad for the permission to dress down.

Within minutes of the call she was on her way down in the elevator, dressed in a pink polo shirt, white cargo pants and sandals. She'd hooked a pair of sunshades onto the neck of her shirt and plopped a sun visor on her brow. She'd been told that August was one of the hottest months of the year in the Bahamas and she wanted to be prepared.

She crossed the hotel lobby and exited the front door just as Rock pulled up in a gleaming black Mercedes Benz convertible. As he waved to her, the Caribbean breeze ruffling through his dark-blonde hair, she gave a light laugh, skipped down the steps and hopped into the waiting car.

"Come on, lady," he said as he stepped on the gas, "we have an island to tour."

They set off past the golf course and over the bridge leading from Paradise Island to the mainland then headed up Bay Street. The restaurant Rock had selected was near Saunders Beach. The Island Turtle served all of the popular local dishes such as cracked conch and conch fritters. But if Rock had thought that she would dive into the local fare, he was rudely disappointed.

"I'm sorry." Dana felt like a wet blanket but it wasn't her fault. "I don't eat shell fish but I will try the yellow tail. Promise." And she was happy with her choice. The fish was delicious. Rock seemed to be enjoying his meal, too, because he called for seconds. The man certainly had an appetite.

And she could see why. Her earlier view of his bare body had showed a man who was solidly built, muscles in perfect proportion, looking like he worked out everyday. The image of Rock's na**d torso was imprinted on her mind and she knew it was a picture she would never forget. Not that she wanted to. In fact, she would not have minded a peek at what lay below the waistband of his pajamas.

Dana caught herself. You stop that, you wicked woman. The man is your boss, remember. She was in the middle of chiding herself when Rock looked at her and she could feel the blush rising in her cheeks. Thank God he couldn't read minds.

By two thirty that afternoon they had set off on the road again, this time to accomplish their planned task. "I want to cruise along Cable Beach to check out some of the hotels along that side. Just relax and enjoy the ride."

And Dana did just that. She settled back against the soft leather seat and as they toured the island, taking note of the variety of resorts there, she decided not to worry about things and just enjoy the fact that she was in the company of a super-sexy man. Forget the fact that he was her boss and the island tour was strictly business. No matter. She could pretend, couldn't she?

And in her pretend scenario she was on vacation with the man of her dreams by her side.

Too soon, the dream had to come to an end. Soon after the sun slid behind the horizon Rock drove back to Paradise Island and to their home away from home. He pulled up in front of the hotel and though the doorman was there to open the car door for her, by the time she'd straightened up Rock was right there to offer her his arm.

It had been a great day and although they'd spent the better part of the evening discussing the next day's meeting she'd enjoyed every moment spent in Rock's company. She hated that the time had come for them to part. Hiding her disappointment deep inside, Dana lifted her head and plastered a brave smile across her face.

"Is everything okay?" Rock asked as he looked down at her. "You seem pensive. Was today too much for you?"

"Not at all," she assured him quickly. "I wish all my work days were like today. It was fun."

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "Think you can manage some more fun for one day?"

Dana tilted her head. "What do you mean?"

"I'm not ready for the day to end." He shrugged. "Maybe it's because I slept in late but I've got a lot of hours left in me before I'm ready to wind down. I was thinking I would work off some of this energy at the disco. Are you up to it?"

Dana almost staggered back. Well, not quite, but his question surprised her. Rock, a lover of dancing? Who would have thought it?

When he saw her hesitation, his smile faded. "I'm sorry. That was selfish of me. Forget I asked."

"No, no," she said quickly. "I would love to go dancing. What time should I meet you?"

He narrowed his eyes. "You're sure? You're not just saying that because I bullied you into it?"

Dana laughed. "You didn't bully me. I love dancing."

He still looked doubtful. "Okay, then. If you say so." Then his face cleared. "We'll do room service tonight then meet in the lobby around eight o'clock. That will give us enough time to work up a sweat and still get to bed at a reasonable hour."

Work up a sweat. She liked the sound of that. "Sounds like a plan," she said. "I'll be down by eight."

That night, Dana took special care in applying her make-up and dressing for the occasion. It wasn't every day that a girl got to go dancing with probably the most eligible bachelor in New York City. But why he was still a bachelor at the age of thirty-four was beyond her. A man like him would have his pick of women. Hadn't he found one that was good enough?

That thought gave her pause and the hand that held the liner to her eye came down and she stared at herself in the mirror. Not good enough for him. She knew for sure that she would fall in that category...not that he'd even consider her at all. So why was she letting her heart get so involved with this man?

Tell that to her heart. Deep inside she knew that it was already too late. Two kisses, that was all it took. She was already spiraling out of control, plunging down into a whirlpool of dangerous emotion.

Her eyes widened as she stared at her reflection. Dear God, she was falling in love...with a man who had absolutely no reason to love her back.

Chilled by the thought, Dana drew in a deep breath then let it out slowly. She needed to calm down. She'd just talked herself into a state of distress just when she'd promised to be all chirpy and full of energy, and dance the night away.

Straightening her back, she stared into the mirror and spoke. "Dana Daniels, you're a realist. Stop worrying about it and go do your job." With that she sniffed, got up, and headed for the door.

When she got to the lobby Rock was already there, waiting in the lounge area. As she approached he looked up and when his eyebrows shot up she had no doubt that she'd made an impression.

Dana knew she looked good. Becky had made sure of it. She was the one who had picked this flaming red dress with the flared skirt that sat high up her thigh. Perfect for dancing, her friend had said. You've got to be prepared because you never know...

And Becky had been right...as usual. Who would have known that she'd be here tonight, preparing to go dancing with her boss?

Rock was on his feet now and his look of open admiration was the perfect antidote for her doubts. "Nice." It was the only word he said as he took her arm but the way he'd said it - as his eyes roamed from her face all the way down to her manicured toes in high heeled slippers - made his appreciation more than obvious.

"Shall we go?" he asked as he smiled down at her.

"Yes, we shall," she said, smiling back. And as she walked down the hallway on Rock's arm she swallowed her fears, letting them fall all the way to her toes. What ever it cost her later, tonight she would have fun.

And she did. DJ Pleasure rocked the house that night with dance hit after dance hit, from 'Scream and Shout' by the Black Eyed Peas and Brittney Spears to 'Shufflin' to 'Gangam Style'. Dana almost fell down laughing when she saw Rock's attempt at the Gangam Style dance. Okay, so she'd figured out that he loved dancing but, in his case, that definitely did not translate into a talent for it.

"Hey, who're you laughing at?" he growled above the sound of the music. "I don't see you doing any better."

"Please," she shouted over the pounding music. "It wouldn't take much to better your performance." She laughed out loud when he gave her a playful look of hurt and then he was laughing and she was laughing even harder at his antics.

When Rock had talked about working up a sweat he'd been right. They stayed on the dance floor for over an hour before they sauntered over to the bar for drinks. As she sipped her glass of wine, still rocking to the music, Dana stole glances at the man who stood by her side. Was this the same man she'd met months ago, the one who had seemed like a block of ice? She still could not believe it.

"Ready?"

At her nod, Rock took her glass and laid it on the counter then led her through the bundle of dancers to the middle of the floor. Time flew by that night because she was grooving to the beat of the Bieb's 'Beauty and a Beat' when Rock surprised her by putting his hands on her shoulders. Pulling her close, he whispered in her ear. "Bedtime."

Dana almost groaned. How could he, just when she was getting her dance groove back? But one look at Rock's face told her it was non-negotiable. With a sigh she took his hand and he led her away.

Out in the hallway, with the sounds of the disco fading behind them, Dana reached out to touch Rock on the shoulder.

He stopped, turned and looked down at her.

"I just wanted to say thank you," she said as she smiled up at his questioning face. "Today...and now tonight. I can't remember when I've had so much fun."

He smiled. "You don't get out much, do you?"

Dana couldn't hide her blush. How right he was. Since leaving college she'd been too busy with work and then with graduate studies to have much of a social life. At least, that was what she'd told herself. Her relative isolation had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that she'd sworn off men after a bad experience with an ex co-worker. Nothing at all.

Luckily for her, Rock didn't press her on the question. They continued on their way and, much too soon, they were standing at her door.

"Well, thanks again," Dana said softly. "I guess I'll see you in the morning."

"You will," Rock said, then smiled. "No more migraines. Promise." He glanced at his watch. "Not bad. I got you to bed before ten o'clock. What say we meet at seven thirty for breakfast? That will give us plenty of time for our ten o'clock meeting."

Dana nodded. "That's fine," she said and then she stood there, staring up at Rock, not saying anything else.

When he gave her a puzzled look - probably wondering if she'd dropped a screw downstairs on the dance floor - she knew she had to say it. Come on, girl. Be brave for once. Spit it out.

She sucked in her breath then plunged in headfirst. "Rock, would you like to come in? For a drink...since it's still fairly early."

There. She'd done it. She'd gone and invited a man into her hotel suite, for Christ's sake. Idiot. How could you do such a thing? Now what's he going to think? Take it back, quick. Tell him you're tired, you didn't mean it. Tell him-

"I'd love to."

Rock's words brought her racing thoughts to a screeching halt. He'd said yes. He was coming in.

But...but in her state - still hot and bothered from all that dancing, heart still unsteady, hormones racing - would she be able to keep her hands off him? It would be sheer torture. She was such a glutton for punishment.

"Great. Come on in," she said, pretending to be calm and composed as she opened the door and stepped in.

And as she walked into the suite ahead of him all she could think was, "Oh, Lord. I'm in big trouble."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Now that they were in the living room Dana was at a loss as to what to do next. Then she remembered. Drink. She'd invited Rock in for a drink.

"Uhm, have a seat," she said, waving to the sofa. "Just make yourself comfortable."

She turned away, not waiting to see if he'd sat or remained standing, and headed for the fridge then peered in. "I can offer you Sprite, Mountain Dew or apple juice," she said over her shoulder. "Take your pick."

"After all that dancing my adrenaline's still pumping," Rock said, sounding quite relaxed. He was probably lounging on the sofa. Dana didn't turn around to find out. "Mountain Dew's definitely out. I'll have the apple juice."

Dana poured the juice into a glass then poured some Sprite for herself. When she turned with glasses in hand and looked across the room Rock was watching her, his amber-colored eyes now darker in the shadows of the dimly lit room. She swallowed.

"Sorry I couldn't offer you anything stronger," she said, forcing a tone of brightness into her voice. She walked over to the couch and held the glass out to him.

"Right now," he said softly, "juice is perfect."

She didn't know why, but the way he said the words sent tingles racing up her spine.

And then he reached up and took the glass from her. And their fingers touched. And it was like a jolt of electricity shot up her arm.

She almost let go of the glass. Luckily, he took it from her hand just in time.

Her body still in shock, Dana retreated to the armchair on the other side of the room. She had to put some distance between them. And she had to stay calm. Surreptitiously, she drew in a breath then let it out slowly. Okay, Dana. Get a hold of yourself. You're the one who invited the man in, remember. Don't go dumb now. Say something.

"So, that was some fun, huh?" Dumb, dumb, dumb. Do you call that conversation? Maybe it's better if you just shut up. Dana drew in another breath, trying desperately to think of something to say, something that wouldn't sound inane.

"Let's dance."

Dana blinked. "Excuse me?" She stared at Rock and saw that while she'd been lost in thought he'd already finished his juice and was leaning over to rest his glass on the coffee table. She, on the other hand, still had a full glass of Sprite.

She didn't get much chance to think on this further as just then, Rock stood up and walked over to the safe haven of her armchair. Now it didn't seem quite so safe anymore.

Without asking her permission Rock plucked the glass from her fingers and turned to deposit it next to his. Then he took both her hands and drew her up to stand in front of him.

"We left before the DJ put on the slow music. We have to remedy that."

His voice was low, seductive, and his eyes gleamed with a light that made her go warm inside.

Was her boss coming on to her or was this a dream? If so, she prayed she wouldn't wake up.

"But there's no music." Her voice cracked with nervousness and she bit her lip.

Rock gave her a confident smile. "I can fix that." He walked over to the TV and switched it on. Then he flipped channels till he came to one that showed only a blue screen with tiny words at the bottom - Love FM. And they were playing one of the most poignant love ballads she knew - Beyonce's 'If I Were a Boy'.

This time, when Rock pulled her into his arms there was no resistance. She wanted this, probably more than he did. Why should she deny herself the pleasure?

So she melted against him, melted into the liquid silver of Beyonce's song, her arms going up of their own volition to wrap themselves around the solid mass of man pressed against her.

And when the song ended they danced to another...and another...losing themselves in the pulsating rhythms of love. And so, when Rock's lips descended to slide along her neck and down to her collar, Dana was ready to receive all that he had to give. She moaned and arched against him, silently begging him for more.

To her sweet relief he obliged. With a groan, Rock slid his lips lower, until he was kissing the tops of her br**sts, sending thrills coursing through her body.

"Yes," she gasped. "Please."

She could say no more. All she could do was give in to the pleasure of his kisses on that most sensitive part of her body.

Rock groaned and lifted his head then covered her mouth with his, kissing her till she had no air and could only cling to him. Capturing her head in his big hand he tilted her face, the better to plunder her mouth and drain all resistance from her. Not that she had any left.

And then he was bending to lift her into his arms and before she could regain control of her swirling thoughts they were in her bedroom and he was laying her gently on the bed.

Dana had no time to wonder, no time to question what was happening. Rock was in control, stealing from her every ounce of doubt or fear. She wanted this, more than anything in the world.

Rock slid his thumbs under the spaghetti straps on her shoulders and gently slid them down, lower and lower, till the top of her dress followed. A wave of shyness washed over her and Dana closed her eyes. He'd exposed her to his gaze and she knew exactly what he was seeing right now - the tops of her br**sts swelling over the cups of her strapless bra, the pale skin of her belly bared to his view. She wished he would just kiss her, take away her trepidation, transport her to the heights of ecstasy with his lips.

And he did. As Dana stole a peek at him Rock licked his lips then lifted a long, lean finger to slide her right bra cup down, exposing all of her breast and its rose-tipped nipple to his gaze. Then he lowered his head and sucked the bud deep into his mouth.

Dana moaned, unable to hold back the sound of her passion. That felt so good. At the feel of his lips, his tongue on her, her body trembled and she grew moist. Oh God, she wanted more. So much more.

Then Rock slid the other bra cup down and gave her left breast the same loving treatment, turning her insides into lava, making her writhe in sweet agony. Whether it was desperation or boldness, she didn't know, but something made Dana slide her hands up under Rock's shirt to caress the rippling muscles of his belly and then the muscled breadth of his chest. And here, her fingers found his ni**les and she touched them and teased them, drawing a gasp from his throat.

And then she heard it. The strains of music coming from the living room, a love song so exquisite yet so filled with pain. As Maroon Five's 'Daylight' drifted into her room, and even as her hands slid over Rock's body, she couldn't stop the doubts from invading her mind. Like the words of the song, would she have Rock for this one night and then next day have to pretend it never happened? The thought was like a knife to her heart and her body went cold.

A lump rose in her throat and before she could stop herself a sob escaped her lips.

Rock froze. He looked down at her and the concern was apparent in his eyes. "Did I hurt you?"

Unable to speak Dana stared up at him then shook her head.

Slowly, he slid his body away from her then got up off the bed. His frown told of his confusion. He sat on the bed by her side and reached over to pull the top of her dress up and over her br**sts. "You don't have to do this, Dana," he said gently. "Do you want to stop?"

Again, no words came. And again all she could do was nod.

To his credit, Rock demanded no explanation. Leaning over, he patted her on the shoulder then stood up. "I'll show myself out," he said, his voice quiet. "Good night, Dana."

With that, he turned and walked out the door.

And as Dana heard the front door close behind him she wrapped her arms around herself and began to sob in earnest.

Now there was no doubt in her mind. She'd gone and fallen in love with Rock St. Stephens. How would she survive this hopeless situation?

And, after what had happened tonight, how would she face him in the morning?

CHAPTER TWELVE

Even though Rock was deep in conversation with Gregory Smith, the owner of the luxury resort he was considering buying, he was one hundred percent aware of Dana. As he negotiated with the elderly man he was watching her out of the corner of his eye, and although her pen was flying across the paper as she feverishly took notes he could tell that her mind was miles away.

Apparently she had a lot to think about, most likely about last night. He could understand that. He'd been thinking about it, too. But what the hell happened to make her change her tune right in the middle of their passionate embrace? He was still baffled.

No time to think too much on that, though. He would get to the bottom of it later. Right now he had business to take care of.

Rock did not get a chance to dwell further on the mystery of Dana Daniels. Immediately after the meeting they had lunch then Gregory Smith took them on a detailed tour of his property, two and a half hours long. By that time it was evening so they only had time to do a brief wrap-up meeting then Mr. Smith had to go.

Finally, Rock was alone with Dana in the conference room they'd used for the meeting. Their main order of business now was to review the meeting then plan a course of action. He looked across the table at her but she looked away, obviously agitated. She'd seemed to be managing earlier when she had Mr. Smith as a buffer between them. Now, though, she was all nerves.

For several seconds Rock just looked at her, saying nothing. What had he done to turn the girl off? Or did she get cold feet because she suddenly remembered that he was her boss? If that was the case she had nothing to worry about. He knew he'd crossed the boundary - only because he'd thought they were on the same page - but he'd already decided that at the first indication that she wanted out, he'd be gone. And this was it.

"All in all, a good meeting," he said as he gathered up the sheets of papers then began stuffing them into his briefcase.

She nodded and began gathering up her papers, too, but she said nothing.

Okay, this was going to be just a bit harder than he'd thought. Trying to put her at ease, he spoke again. "The good news is, our work in the Bahamas is all done for now. You're free to do whatever you want." Briefcase packed, he got up. "And depending on how you look at it, the bad news is, we're not leaving the island till Sunday." He gave a bitter laugh. "I don't know if that excites or depresses you."

That got a reaction out of her. Barely. She gave him the tiniest of smiles then she said, "That's good news. That will give me time to check out the beach."

Rock gave her a tight smile. "Good. I'm sure you'll enjoy the beaches here. They're among the most beautiful in the world." Then giving her a curt nod, he walked to the door. "Thanks for your help with the meeting. Enjoy the rest of your day."

She murmured a soft reply but it was so low he couldn't make out what she said. It didn't matter, though. She'd made it clear that she had absolutely no interest in him outside of their professional relationship. He'd been a fool to even think of crossing that line. As old as he was, and as experienced as he was as an employer, he should have known better. Done better. But no, like a chump he'd given in to his base desires and had taken advantage of the girl.

As much as it pained him to admit it, he knew he was right. Dana had been dazzled by the power of his position and then had realized at the last minute, what she was getting herself into. She'd done the sensible thing by pulling back. Who could blame her?

With a sigh, Rock pressed the button to close the elevator door then leaned back against the wall. It hurt like hell but he'd have to accept defeat. As much as he desired Dana Daniels she was his employee and she was out of bounds.

**

I'm bored. For the fourth time since she'd spread her towel on the sand and sat down, Dana glanced at the time on her cell phone. Eleven thirty-two. Was that all? Time seemed to be going so slowly.

After she and Rock had parted the evening before, she'd gone straight to her room and hadn't even looked outside for the rest of the night. His cool departure had told her all she wanted to know. Rock was angry with her...because she had refused to go all the way with him.

And how unfair was that? She worked herself up into such a sweat thinking about it that she had no energy left to face a single soul that night. She hid out in her suite and ordered room service then sat there picking at her salad and grilled chicken while she watched old movies until almost one o'clock in the morning.

And then she'd slept in until eight thirty. It was Saturday morning, there was no work on the day's agenda and she could do whatever she wanted. And so she'd breakfasted alone at nine-thirty then had returned to her room and donned her bikini and headed back down to the beach. There was no way she was going back to New York City without being able to say she'd taken a dip in the Caribbean Sea.

And here she was, two dips in the sea later, and bored to bits.

It was then that she realized that you could be in heaven - well, in her case, in paradise - but if you didn't have good company it was hardly worth being there. It was no fun being alone.

She twisted round and stared back at the hotel building towering above her. Did she dare? Was she woman enough to swallow her fears and go find the one person who she knew on the island? And what if he didn't want to be found? What if he was still angry?

Dana twisted her body back and stared out at the waves rolling in to the shore. Then she gave a grunt. There was only one way to find out.

Her mind made up, she dug her toes in the sand then got up, taking her beach towel with her.

Back in her room she picked up the phone receiver and dialed Rock's number. He picked up on the third ring.

"Hello?"

At that moment Dana had no idea what to say. I'm calling you because I'm bored? She cleared her throat and even so, her voice came out in a high-pitched squeak. "Hello...I mean hello, Rock. It's Dana."

"Hello, Dana. How can I help you?" His tone was clipped and businesslike. Obviously, he was not in a very warm mood.

Dana almost beat a hasty retreat but then she decided to be brave. And honest. "Are you busy? I'm...so bored. I was wondering if you would like to come down to the beach with me?"

Silence. For at least six seconds. Finally, Rock spoke. "Are you sure about this, Dana? I don't want you to feel forced to do anything you don't want to do."

"I'm very sure," she said quickly. "I...just want somebody to hang out with. It's lonely being on a beach all by yourself."

That drew a chuckle from Rock. "So you're only calling me because you're desperate?"

"Well," she said, dragging out the word, "since you put it like that...yes."

More laughter then he said, "Okay, I'll meet you on the beach. Fifteen minutes good?"

"Sounds great," she said, relief and joy flooding through her. "I'll see you there."

The ordeal over, Dana hopped off the bed and picked up the towel she'd tossed onto the sofa. Rock was coming down to the beach with her and she couldn't have been happier. In fact, corny as it sounded even to herself, her heart sang at the thought.

And for now her fears from the night before disappeared in the brilliant sunshine of a new day. She was going to see Rock and that was all that mattered.

Dana got down to the beach long before Rock did. She'd run down as soon as she'd hung up the phone. Now she sat on her beach towel, her back to the ocean, watching the steps that led from the pool patio to the sand.

And then she saw him, tall, bronzed and muscled, his eyes hidden behind sunglasses.

Immediately, Dana hopped up and waved Rock over. He waved back and headed in her direction.

As she watched him saunter over, Dana's heart did a backflip. He looked so sexy with his chest bare, wearing only knee-length swim trunks and sandals. Why did he have to be her boss? How she wished he could be hers.

As he came up to her she dropped to her knees, back to the safety of her beach towel, but she pointed to the space beside her. "You can put your towel there."

He made no move to comply but frowned slightly and looked around. "What about lounge chairs?" he asked. "Did I come all this way to bum it on the ground?"

"Wimp," she teased, a flash of bravery coursing through her. "It's Saturday. All the lounge chairs are taken. What? Too sophisticated to rough it on the ground beside me?"

Rock laughed and dropped his towel on the ground. "What do you know about roughing it? I bet you've been pampered all your life."

"Oh, yeah?" she growled, digging her fingers into the sand.

"Yeah," he responded with confidence as he flopped down beside her. "You're probably a daddy's girl and a spoiled brat."

"We'll see who's spoiled," she challenged. "Take that." And she threw a handful of sand right in the middle of his chest.

His body jerked in surprise but he recovered quickly. With a low growl he reached for her but she was expecting his move.

Quick as a flash, Dana shot up and took off for the shoreline. "Last one in is a rotten egg," she yelled, her hair flying in the breeze. She didn't look back but she knew Rock was after her when she heard footsteps pounding on the sand behind her. And they were gaining on her.

With a squeal she speeded up, trying to reach the water and dive in before he caught her.

But too late. With a roar Rock reached her side then his arm shot out and he lifted her off the ground. "You're going to pay for that mud pie, little missy."

And even though she yelled and squealed and pleaded, Rock walked with her held high in his arms then he threw her up into the air and watched her plummet like a stone into the rolling water.

Dana's body slapped the surface and she sank beneath the waves but she shot up straight away and flung her body at Rock with such force that he stumbled back, arms flailing. Then he, too, was underwater.

Revenge. What could be so sweet? Dana burst out laughing as her victim struggled to his feet, coughing and sputtering as he rose. His sunglasses were gone...somewhere underwater. Rock blinked, then as he caught her in his sight, he glared. "I'm coming to get you."

This time there was no way he could catch her. Dana was an expert swimmer who had been on her college swim team. It would take quite the man to catch her once she got her first two strokes in.

But Rock did try. He took off after her. She could hear his splashes behind her but then they got fainter and fainter until she knew there was no longer any need to flee.

When she looked back Rock was a speck bobbing in the distance. She treaded water and waved to him and he beckoned to her to come back. She stayed out there for a while longer, just to rub it in, then she headed back toward him.

When she finally floated to a halt by his side he shook his head. "You are such a show-off. Why didn't you tell me you were so good?"

She gave him a crooked grin. "And spoil the surprise?"

After that, things settled down and they began to behave like adults again, swimming side by side in a leisurely fashion and actually engaging in friendly conversation. Now the day flew by and before Dana realized it, two hours had passed and Rock began to complain about feeling hungry.

"Starving would describe the way I'm feeling right now," he said as he took her hand. "Come on. Let's go get some food."

Dana had no objections. The morning's swim had left her hungry, too, so she ran alongside him as they headed for the barbecue hut on the beach.

After lunch they got dressed and went for another drive, this time to a totally different part of the island, away from the hotels and tourist sites. Dana enjoyed driving through the communities of Clifton Bay and Adelaide Village on the southwestern side of the island, and enjoying the view of the impressive homes on Eastern Road. They even got a chance to visit Fort Charlotte, which provided a panoramic view of Paradise Island and the city of Nassau. Their final stop was the Queen's Staircase which, they were told, was built by slaves to honor Queen Victoria for her help in abolishing slavery in the Bahamas. For this one day, while on the island of New Providence, Bahamas, she felt like a real tourist.

When the day finally came to an end and they rolled up to the entrance of the hotel, Dana turned to Rock with a sigh. "Thank you for the most wonderful day ever."

He tipped his head to her. "You're most welcome, mademoiselle." And then he did something that made her heart melt. He leaned over and gave her a soft peck on the forehead.

The gesture seemed so genuine, so full of affection that she had to blink back a quick tear. Did he truly like her?

"I'm glad you enjoyed your day," he whispered.

The lump in Dana's throat made it impossible for her to answer. Instead, she gave him a nod and a shaky smile.

When he got out of the car to walk around to her passenger door she knew that she didn't want to say goodbye. Not yet. She couldn't bear it if this amazing day ended like this. She began to think fast.

By the time Rock opened the door to help her out Dana had made up her mind. She would be bold and assertive. She would be the old Dana that Mr. French used to laughingly call his bodyguard. She'd deferred to Rock's powerful personality for long enough. Tonight she would go for what she wanted. As she took his hand and stood up she spoke before her courage fled. "I'd like you to have dinner with me. I...I don't want to be alone tonight." She bit her lip. That hadn't come out quite like she'd planned. A Freudian slip, if there ever was one.

"It's a date," Rock said, and if he'd noticed her blunder he didn't let on. He put up a hand to brush a strand of hair away from her temple. "I can think of no better way to spend the evening."

And the way he said it, as if he truly meant it, made Dana's heart soar. And a wicked plan began to form in her mind.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

That night at dinner with Rock, Dana did something she'd never done in her life. She had three whole glasses of wine.

She knew she'd pay later for her sin of overindulgence but right then it was what she needed. A good dose of Dutch courage. For what she was about to do, she needed a whole keg of it.

The evening passed pleasantly enough, with Rock revealing his secret comical side as he shared several of his schemes and escapades from his college days. Then she shared some of hers but, of course, they weren't half as daring or interesting. Still, he paid attention and laughed at all her jokes, and that made her feel good.

And confident. And strong.

And so when Rock walked her to the door that night she didn't bid him goodnight and disappear into her suite...as she should have done...if she hadn't made up her mind to throw caution to the sea breeze and break a cardinal rule.

Tonight she was going to sleep with her boss.

Okay, it was stupid, it was dangerous, it was wanton. But tonight she wanted it more than anything. And she might never get the chance again.

And so, before Rock could even wish her goodnight, she said, "Would you like to come in?"

Rock looked at her askance. "Are you sure?"

Dana gave him a smile that she hoped was reassuring. "Of course. It's only nine o'clock and I'm not tired."

Rock still looked wary but she was determined to get him inside so, without waiting for his answer, she opened the door and walked in, leaving him to follow.

And he did. A bit hesitantly at first but then he walked over to the sofa he'd occupied before. As soon as he'd settled into it Dana headed for the fridge. "Apple juice, right?"

"No, give me a glass of the Dew." Dana almost looked around. Rock sounded breathless, which was weird for him, but she resisted the urge and leaned down to get the drink he'd requested. She helped herself to a glass as well...not that she needed it, the way she was wired tonight.

This time when she handed Rock his glass she did not fly away to hide on the distant armchair. Instead, she slid onto the sofa beside him.

As he watched her move, his brows fell but he said nothing.

Time for conversation, Dana. Say something. "Uhm, it was really great, hearing all those crazy college stories of yours." Okay, not exactly brilliant conversation, but keep going. "I still can't believe you used to be such a fun guy."

He raised his left eyebrow. "Used to be?"

She smiled and took a sip of her drink. "Well, you have to admit, now that you're older you can't do those daring things anymore."

He looked over at her, his golden eyes intent and, never releasing her from his gaze, he put his glass to his lips and downed the liquid in one smooth swallow. Then he deposited his glass on the table and turned on the seat, shifting his body in her direction.

"Do you want me to be daring, Dana?" he asked softly, his eyes boring into her. "Why did you invite me in?"

Dana blushed and curled her fingers tighter around her glass. Now that he'd put things into words it didn't sound like such a brilliant idea. The man was her boss. How could she forget that? "Well, I..." she began then stopped, searching desperately for the right words...if there were any, in a situation like this.

Rock reached out and, just like he'd done last time, he took her glass from her nerveless fingers. It, too, ended up on the coffee table. Then he turned his attention back to her.

"Well, I...?" He repeated her words, his mouth twisting into a smile. "Is that all you can say?"

Dana frowned. Was he mocking her? He'd better not. What she was going to say next would be such a shock it would wipe that crooked smile off his lips. "I invited you in because I wanted...to make love to you. But I changed my mind." There, she'd said it. Out loud. And now he'd know what a wicked woman she really was, and he'd never want to speak to her again, and he'd fire her, and she would never see him again, and she still didn't know what it was to make love to him, and...

She put her fist to her lips to suppress the sob that was threatening to spill out.

Rock reached over to touch her hand and, gently, he pulled it away from her mouth. "Did you really...change your mind?"

Dana's lips curled down and her brows crinkled as she accepted defeat. How could she resist him? Feeling ready to cry, she shook her head.

"Dana, Dana, Dana," he crooned, and pulled her into his arms.

This time she didn't wait for him to kiss her. She'd blundered enough by talking. Now was the time for action.

Dana reached up to cup the back of Rock's head in her hand and pull it down toward her. When his lips touched hers she pressed against him, reveling in the feel of his mouth on hers.

Rock's arms tightened around her and then he was kissing her back, taking control, demanding her willing response.

It was just what she wanted. At his urging, she opened to him and as his tongue slipped between her lips she moaned. He tasted of Mountain Dew and passion. A heady combination.

When he released her lips, Dana pushed Rock back into the couch until his body was tilted back against the arms and then she was climbing onto the seat, bending over him, determined to take everything she could from this man. Tonight would be hers and nothing would make her back down.

Now on top, her body pressing against him, Dana kissed Rock with all her pent-up passion until he groaned against her mouth. She released his lips for a moment and turned her attention to his shirt where she made quick work of the buttons, baring his perfect body to her gaze.

Rock helped her out when he tilted his body forward and pulled the shirt off completely and threw it on the floor. Then he was reaching for her, pulling her down to kiss her some more, kiss her till her bones felt like they'd turned to jelly.

Soon, though, the kissing was not enough. For either of them. When Rock stood up, taking her with him, then moved into her bedroom Dana did not object. And when he laid her on the bed and began to undress her, she helped. She slid out of the silky sheath and soon all she wore was a black lace bra and matching panties.

Rock's eyes glowed as he stared down at her near-naked form. Then he reached down and, almost reverently, he opened the clasp at the front of her bra, letting her full br**sts fall free. "Delicious," he whispered then bent forward to suckle her br**sts.

Dana arched her back and reached for him, wanting more of the sweetness that flowed from his lips. Her body was ready for him, all of him. "Oh, Rock," she whispered. "Please." She couldn't wait any longer. She wanted him now, deep inside her.

As if he understood her plea, Rock backed away but only to loosen his belt and shed the garments that hid the rest of his body from her.

And when she saw him her breath caught in her throat because he was...so beautiful. Straight and proud, his manhood stood out from its bed of soft brown hair, his desire for her obvious in its tiny jerks as it throbbed and pulsed.

Before she got caught up in the moment, before the heat of their passion could sweep her away, Dana rolled over and reached into the night stand for the box of condoms she'd bravely secured from the hotel gift shop. She turned back to Rock and when she saw that he'd come nearer, when she got a full frontal view of his anatomy, her mouth went dry.

"Let me get you ready," she whispered.

With not an ounce of shyness about him Rock came closer still, his manhood jutting forward, and rested his hands on his hips.

Dana tore a packet open then with trembling fingers she proceeded to roll the condom onto his shaft. This is it, Dana. No turning back now. And even as the doubt beat against her brain she kept on rolling.

The job done, Rock put his hand on her shoulder and pressed her back into the pillows. Then he climbed onto the bed and ran his hand over her belly and down to the lacy panties she still wore.

Rock gave a low growl deep in his throat then bent his head so his lips were at the waistband of her underwear. To Dana's surprise he took the narrow waistband in his teeth and pulled it down over her mound, down her legs and completely off. Then, with the garment still in his mouth, he jerked his head, letting it float away and onto the floor.

And then he came to her, sliding his body up the length of her, covering her with his muscled frame. As he positioned himself, Dana wrapped her legs around his lean h*ps and held her breath.

And then slowly, carefully, he lowered himself and as the tip of his member pressed against her she closed her eyes and drew in her breath, preparing herself for his entry. He pressed forward, pushing past the slight resistance, until he was sliding into her moist heat, sinking deep into her core.

She released her breath in a soft sigh, her body filled with the length of him, every nerve ending tingling in response to his presence.

And then he began to move, rocking gently back and forth, waiting for her body to grow used to him. Then he began to thrust into her, slow and deep, then smoothly, rhythmically until he was going faster, deeper, his breath coming in gasping groans.

And with each thrust she rose up to meet him, her body taking in all that he had to give, her breath growing tighter in her throat, her body consumed by their embrace.

And then her body stiffened, and the heat that had been rising in her inner core burst into a thousand stars that shot through her body, sending waves of ecstasy rippling through her.

"Rock," she whimpered, and clung to him as the waves of passion dashed her against the rock in her arms. He was her Rock tonight.

As she clung to his shoulders he gave one last thrust. His body stiffened and he groaned her name out loud. And then he was following her, reaching his peak of passion, cl**axing deep inside her. For long seconds he held her tight as his body jerked and his manhood pulsated inside her. And then, expelling a rush of air from his lungs, he collapsed on top of her.

Almost a minute passed with neither of them speaking. The room was filled with the sounds of their recovery as their breaths came in choking gasps then slow, deep breaths, until they both slid down off the pinnacle.

Then, with a sigh, Rock rolled over onto his side and pulled her into his arms, stroking her gently as his breathing slowed and his body grew calm. And still, they said nothing. It was enough to be in each other's arms, enjoying the moment and what they had just shared.

And when Rock settled deeper into the bed and pulled her h*ps into his groin, holding her in spoon fashion, she did not fight his embrace. And when he held her like that for several minutes until his chest rose and fell at her back and his soft breathing told her he had drifted off to sleep, she did not murmur or pull away. She relaxed against him and closed her eyes, a soft smile of satisfaction on her lips.

Soon enough, she would wake up with Rock in her bed, probably snoring softly just as she'd dreamed, and she would tickle his nose and kiss him awake.

And whatever happened after that, she would handle later. For now, she was living her precious dream.

**

Dana's plan to deal with reality later was easier said than done. She'd woken up to find Rock gone, no trace of him left except for the dent his head had made in the pillow. He hadn't even woken her to say goodbye.

And that could only mean one thing - he regretted the night he'd spent with her. She'd seduced him, lured him into her room, and now he probably hated her for it.

How could she face him now? Sleeping with her boss had been the worst mistake of her life.

Her mood grim, Dana slid out of bed and began the task of packing for her trip back to New York. How was she going to survive the journey back, with Rock - the seductive apple from her Garden of Eden - sitting right beside her the whole time? How could she look him in the eyes? What would she say? She groaned at the thought. The trip was going to be agony.

But when she saw Rock the look in his eyes told her that her fears were unfounded. As she approached, his lips softened into a slow smile.

"Did you rest well?" he asked, his voice low. "I left early this morning. I didn't want to wake you."

Dana's body almost sagged with relief. So he didn't hate her. Maybe there was still hope...

Hope for what, Dana? That your billionaire boss will fall in love with someone like you? Get real. She shook her head, trying to drive the warring thoughts from her mind. She wouldn't think about that now. One day at a time, that was how she would go. And today wasn't starting out so bad. She would enjoy the happy times as long as they lasted.

The flight back was short. At least that was the way it seemed to Dana. Rock engaged her in entertaining conversation the whole way, avoiding any mention of what had happened between them. And that was a good thing, wasn't it? Now, on the plane, was not the time, after all.

And then, when they were only half an hour away from their destination, Rock told her something that made her heart sink.

Someone was stealing money from Premier Holdings. And it had been going on since before Mr. French left.

Dana's initial reaction was confusion followed by distress then, as strange as it seemed, relief. At first she'd wondered who in the world would do such a thing to a wonderful man like Richard French, and who would want to hurt the company? How would they ever find out who was behind it? But then a realization struck her - Rock had taken her into his confidence. He'd shared a major secret, one that could affect the future of the company. He'd trusted her enough to make her aware of his suspicions and his investigation.

That had to mean something.

And maybe what that meant was, boss or not, maybe she did have a chance - if only a slim one - with Rock St. Stephens.

But then, only time would tell.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Soon after they got back to the New York office Rock had to leave for yet another issue with one of his companies in Alaska. He would only be gone a week, he assured her, but Dana had to fight hard to hide her disappointment when he told her. She knew she would miss him every day that he was gone.

But her problem ran far deeper than just missing Rock. She'd been on edge since that first day they returned to office. Would anything change between them? Would he expect a repeat performance?

Even worse, from here on, would he ignore her completely? Dana knew she would not breathe easy until she knew what the future held for her.

In the meanwhile she would do her work and count the days till Rock's return.

And then she had an idea. What if she could solve the mystery of the embezzled funds before Rock got back? He would be so shocked and impressed, and he would sing her praises to Mr. French. And maybe, just maybe, it would make him like her just a wee bit more. Maybe even love her? Dared she even think it?

She would have to be discreet in her investigations, though. Outside of Rock, no-one knew of this but her, and she had to keep it that way.

The first day of Rock's absence Dana finished her work early then put on her sleuth's hat. Grabbing a notepad and a pen she began to think. Now where should she start? It had to be someone inside the company and, more than Rock, she knew each employee intimately. Her thoughts went to Sean Johnson. He was the logical first stop, being the financial controller of the corporation. And he wasn't very friendly. She wrote his name on her list.

Then she thought of Sean's second in command, the chief accountant and bookkeeper, Terrence Trust. She chuckled softly to herself as she wrote his name. With a name like Trust he shouldn't even have made it on her list. Tapping her pen against her chin, she thought some more. This was harder than she'd thought. From what she knew of her co-workers, every one seemed clean and above board. There really was no-one she could say had been acting suspiciously. And then, like the flick of a light switch, she remembered something...something her friendly stalker had said. "Don't think just because I'm a sales agent I can't take you to nice restaurants and buy you gifts. Don't worry about money. I'm good for it." She gasped at the thought. Could Jason Blake be the one?

Then she shook her head and gave a soft chuckle. No. Impossible. There was no way Jason would have access to the company's books. He was in sales, not accounting.

Still, he had been dressing pretty well, lately. And, now that she thought about it, he had been throwing a bit of money around, offering to buy drinks for everyone whenever the staff went out. She tightened her lips and frowned. For what it was worth, she would start getting friendly with Mr. Jason Blake. He was definitely worth checking out.

And so it was that the very next day Dana accepted Jason's invitation to dinner.

Okay, so she'd orchestrated the whole thing, putting irresistible crumbs under his nose, dropping hints that she hadn't had a dinner date in soo long and she was soo bored that she'd go out with anybody who asked her.

And it had worked like she'd known it would. And tomorrow, if all went well, she would know if Jason Blake was her man.

**

Rock could not believe it. After he'd thought all had been resolved at the Alaska station here he was again, on a plane to that very location. He gritted his teeth even as he thought about it. He'd told his president he would need the next several weeks to get things in order at his recently acquired company. He hadn't expected to have to leave again so soon.

And this had happened just when events at the new company had taken a turn for the better. And that 'better' came in the form of one highly attractive, irresistible executive assistant by the name of Dana Daniels.

At the thought of Dana, Rock's face relaxed and a smile crept across his lips. He'd known he had the hots for Dana, had been attracted to her since day one, but who could have known that she would have returned the sentiment?

That trip to the Bahamas had been a blessing in disguise because she probably hadn't realized how she felt until they'd had a chance to spend time alone together, getting to know each other. And then her true feelings had come to the surface.

Rock pressed the button to tilt his seat back, his mind clearing itself of the work before him, his focus only on Dana. He was in trouble, he knew that much. Because the problem was, his feelings for this woman were not just physical. That was how it had started that first day he'd seen her so many months ago but now things had gone far beyond that. He'd come to know another side of her and she was not just a pretty face. Dana was warm and affectionate and kind, and she could be damn funny, too. A woman with a sense of humor. Now that was special.

Rock drew in a deep breath then let it out slowly and it was then that he came to a very serious conclusion. He wanted Dana Daniels in his life, and not as an executive assistant. No, he wanted far more than that. He'd been looking for a long time and now something had clicked, telling him the search was over. This was the woman he wanted as his wife.

Rock almost chuckled to himself. His family would think he'd gone nuts. They'd been pushing bachelorettes on him for years and he'd tried a few but had always moved on. And now, not only had he found his ideal mate himself, he'd done it in a matter of months. He knew his family, and especially his older brother would not believe it, not until he walked Dana down the aisle.

And now that his heart had spoken he intended to do just that.

For now, though, he would keep it to himself. He would wait until he was back in New York and could see her face to face.

He had to do things properly. He would do this when the time and place were just right.

**

Well, this was it. Her debut as a private investigator. Dana chuckled as a cheeky thought crossed her mind. Maybe she should try out for the role of the next Bond Girl?

As she strolled into the Eden Restaurant she saw Jason seated in the waiting area, frowning as he focused on the iPhone in his hand. She approached and as he looked up and saw her his face cleared and a broad smile lightened his face.

"Dana, I've got the perfect spot. I reserved a table for two in a private lounge so we can talk without any distractions."

Dana smiled. Jason didn't know what a big favor he'd just done her. Perfect. Now she could grill him without any risk of being overheard.

Within minutes she and Jason were seated in an intimate little alcove, separated from the other side of the restaurant by potted palms and a Chinese screen. Not totally private, but it would do.

As soon as they'd settled down and placed their orders Dana engaged Jason in friendly conversation. In fact, she was a lot friendlier this evening than she'd ever been with him. She wanted to loosen him up, make him feel comfortable, make him think she really liked him. His beaming face told her that her strategy was working beautifully.

"You know, Dana," he gushed, "I never knew we'd ever get together like this." He gave her a sly look. "You were just playing hard to get, I see. Good trick. It certainly got me interested."

"Yeah, hard to get," she said, chuckling. "That's me."

And then she wondered how she was going to go from that topic to the one she really wanted to tackle Jason on - his new spending habits.

She needn't have worried. Jason was such a talker, hopping from one topic to another, but then always circling back to himself, that before long he'd gone back to his old habit of trying to impress her.

"I'm glad you finally came around to going out with me, Dana. See, I'm not that bad." He held his arms wide as if asking her to examine him. "Lookin' good, right?"

Dana raised her eyebrows and nodded slowly as if in true admiration. "Nice suit."

"I got it at Macy's." He grinned. "A good step up from Sears, right?"

"Nice," she said again then gave a seductive smile. "You know I meant to tell you, you have been looking good lately. What gives? Old Aunt Mable died and left you her millions?"

Jason laughed out loud at that. "I wish. I wouldn't be working at Premier Holdings if I'd had that kind of luck." Then he leaned forward and in a conspiratorial whisper he said, "I just know how to get around." Then he gave her a wink and she didn't know if it was meant to make him look sexy or smart. He succeeded in neither.

"I guess I need to hang with someone like you," she said slowly, watching his face intently. "You look like someone who knows a thing or two."

"Now you're talkin'." Jason practically smacked his lips in satisfaction. "Hang with me, babe, and you can forget about pinching the pennies, just like me."

Now if that wasn't grounds for suspicion, Dana didn't know what was. Although Jason hadn't come out and said anything incriminating - so far - she could guess it would be a matter of time...especially if she got super friendly with him.

And that was what she resolved to do. Over the next couple of days she'd be so nice to Jason he'd soon take her into his confidence...hopefully. But even if he didn't, she had a Plan B. She could see what information she could dig out of Sean Johnson. Discreetly, of course.

But Dana soon came to realize that Sean was not an easy nut to crack. The man was as tight as a drum, giving up not one ounce of information. The day following her dinner with Jason she went to see Sean, telling him she was doing an analysis for Rock and just needed a little help from him. Then, among her generic questions, she slipped in some that would give her an idea of how much he knew about the embezzlement. He didn't take the bait, totally ignoring those questions not directly related to what she'd told him she'd come about. Darn.

Then Dana tried a different tactic. She would pick the brain of Sean's second - trusty Mr. Terrence Trust.

And that was how Dana found out how guilty Jason really was.

"Isn't it a nice coincidence, Dana?" Terrence said as he pushed his thick glasses back up his nose and gave her a gap-toothed smile. "There seems to be a growing interest in the field of accounting in this corporation. You know, young Mr. Blake came and sat with me last year and had a similar conversation."

"Really?" Dana raised her eyebrows in surprise but then she softened her expression with a smile. "Asking these same sorts of questions, about how to read a financial statement?"

"Well, not exactly." Terrence tilted his head to one side and cracked his neck with a loud pop then grinned. "Sorry. Bad habit." Then he blinked at her through his thick glasses. "No, actually he was more interested in how the sales documents such as his expense reports tied into the monthly reporting system. Said it was really baffling him and he wanted to understand so he wouldn't make any mistakes going forward." Trust nodded and looked very pleased. "An admirable young man. It takes a big person to admit he's made mistakes." He pointed a finger at her. "And he wants to do better. Isn't that something?"

"Yes," she said, nodding. "It certainly is."

Terrence leaned back in his chair and clasped his fingers across paunch. "And I explained everything to him. He came to me three evenings in a row and I did not turn him away. When I was done with him he knew everything there was to know about expense reconciliation. I even threw in a bit of bookkeeping." He chuckled. "I never waste a chance to teach someone something new."

"You're quite...generous." Dana struggled to keep a straight face as she stared at the self-satisfied little man. Talk about naive. How much of the company's financial secrets had this man given away? He was way too trusting and open to hold a sensitive position like this. But now she knew. Jason had used the knowledge gleaned from Terrence Trust to manipulate his expense reports and the funds allocated to him. And he'd been helped by a poor, innocent man who had no idea he had been duped.

Of course, even with this newfound knowledge Dana knew she could say nothing. This was a matter for Rock to handle and she would bring him into the picture as soon as he returned to office.

But, in the meanwhile, there was one little problem - she'd become oh, so friendly with Jason in the last couple of days that he seemed convinced that she had the hots for him. And she could not get rid of him. And today they had a lunch date. Dear God, give me strength to endure the chattering...

Lunchtime came around soon enough and, stifling a sigh, Dana grabbed her purse and headed out the door. One last time, Dana. Just grin and bear it one last time.

To Dana's surprise, Jason was not his usual chatterbox self. In fact, his mood seemed distant, almost pensive. More than once during lunch he stared off into the distance, seeming to forget she was even there.

"Are you all right, Jason?" she finally had to ask. "You seem to have a lot on your mind today."

Jason's eyes snapped back to her. He blinked then looked at her like he was seeing her for the first time that day. Then his face fell and he heaved a sigh, one of the saddest sounds Dana had heard in a long time.

"It's my mom," he said, his voice cracking. "She's dying."

Dana's eyes widened. "Oh, my God," she whispered. "What's wrong?"

"It's her kidneys. They're giving out on her." He shook his head. "We've been trying to find a donor but we're too far down the waiting list. She's past sixty so she's not priority." He gave a bitter laugh. "A woman who spent the better part of her life as a nurse helping others. Not a priority."

"I'm...so sorry." Dana reached out and touched his hand. She didn't know what else to do.

"And can you believe it?" he continued, his voice hoarse with emotion, "I'm not a match. Her own son." He said the last word with such disgust that Dana could not help wondering if somehow he blamed himself for his mother's suffering.

He put his hands to his head and his nostrils flared as he sucked in his breath. "She doesn't have health insurance and it costs so much money - the treatment, weekly dialysis, medicines - and it's all been in vain. God, this is so unfair."

He looked like he was close to tears and Dana's heart reached out to him. She could not imagine what he was going through. But even while observing his grief, there was one thing she had to know. Could she ask it now? Yes, she decided. There was never going to be a good time so it was best to just put it on the table while he was in this state - vulnerable, and possibly ready to share.

"Jason, is this why you...took the money?"

Jason looked like he'd just been hit with a two by four. His sad expression gave way to shock then fear. The color drained from his face. "I...I ...how do you know about that?"

Dana shook her head. "It doesn't matter, Jason. What matters is what you did." She drew in a shallow breath and lowered her voice, trying hard not to sound judgmental. "I understand why you did it but still, it was wrong."

Jason's hands began to tremble and he clasped them then lowered them to his lap. "I...I know, Dana. I know it was wrong but what else could I do? My mom needed care."

The last word ended on such a plaintive note that Dana felt nothing but pity for him. How could she judge a man who was in the depths of despair?

She reached out again and when he saw her hand he took it and clung to it like it was a lifeline. "I want to help you, Jason," she said earnestly. "Let me help you. Please."

"But...how? The deed is already done. The money's all gone." The desperation gave a sharp edge to his voice.

"You have to confess." At his look of hopelessness she spoke quickly. "I'll talk to Rock. I'll ask him to give you a chance to pay the money back. But there's no other way but to confess."

"I can't," he moaned. "I can't go to jail. Not now, when my mother-"

He broke off on a hiccup, almost a sob.

Dana's heart almost broke, watching him suffer. He was guilty, yes, but he was also a victim of circumstances. Maybe he'd chosen the wrong way to go about things but he'd done it to try to save the life of someone he loved. She just couldn't leave him to sink.

"Trust me, Jason. There's no other way. Rock is a reasonable man. If you confess and work out a payment plan I'm sure he'll be lenient."

"And if he has me thrown in jail?"

"He won't. I promise." And under the table Dana was crossing her toes even as the words left her lips. She couldn't know for sure what course of action Rock would take but she felt she knew him well enough to know that in this case he would not harden his heart. And she would do everything in her power to sway him toward leniency.

And, after what they'd shared in the Bahamas, he would take her opinion into account, wouldn't he? She could only hope so.

"I don't know, Dana." Jason shook his head. "I just don't know."

Dana could only stare back at Jason, her heart sinking. If he didn't come forward and confess she would have to give him up. And how could she do that, knowing what she knew?

She closed her eyes and drew in her breath, her heart going tight with the thought: how would this all end?

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Four days. Not bad. Rock smiled to himself as he dropped his briefcase on top of his desk. He'd actually thought he'd be gone at least a week and had even told Dana so, but luck was on his side. He'd been able to tie things up last night and fly out that same evening. He'd come into the office early so he could get a head start on the day. He had a lot of catching up to do.

In more ways than one. He was looking forward to seeing Dana. He could hardly believe how she had practically consumed his every waking thought.

Never before had he met a woman who had so captivated his heart, his very being. And he felt reasonably confident that she had strong feelings for him, too. He could hardly wait to see her face when she realized he'd made it back earlier than planned.

He glanced at the clock on the wall. Only seven fifteen. Good. He could get more than an hour's worth of work done before the staff arrived. He booted up his computer and went to work.

An hour later Rock was absorbed in his task when he heard Dana's voice drifting in from the outer office. Immediately, his face broke into an involuntary smile. Christ, he wasn't himself these days, grinning like the Cheshire Cat at the sound of her voice. He must really be in love.

He was making to get up from around his desk, the grin still plastered across his face, when he heard another voice. A man's voice. It was Jason Blake. What in the blazes-

But then he caught himself. He was being possessive and stupidly jealous and he knew it. The man worked at the company and he would naturally have business to discuss with Dana. Rock sank back down into his chair with a sigh. The last thing he wanted to do was scare Dana off with caveman tactics.

He was settling back into his chair when the strains of conversation reached his ears.

"He'll be back in a few days, Jason. You have to prepare yourself. Tell him about the money. And don't worry," her voice went earnest, as if she were trying to convince him, "I'll be right by your side. We'll tell him together."

The money? Rock's heart almost stopped. Jason Blake was the thief and Dana was his accomplice? Jesus Christ!

Feeling like he'd just been kicked in the groin Rock could only stare at the solid oak of his closed office door. Dana Daniels, the woman he'd fallen in love with, was working hand in hand with the embezzler? How could this be?

No, this could not be happening. He shook his head to rid himself of the thought. It was preposterous to even think it. Impossible. But then the voices came closer, as if they were standing by Dana's desk not far from his closed door.

"You're sure? You have to promise me you can get him to let me down easy. That's the only way I'll do this." Jason's voice was a plaintive whine.

"Promise. I'll talk to him. I know he'll listen to me." Dana's voice sounded confident and sure. "Don't you worry about that part. Just let me handle it. You just do what you have to do." At her words, a boulder slid to the pit of Rock's stomach and he felt his heart wrench inside his chest. So what had happened in the Bahamas had all been a farce, a ploy on Dana's part to soften him up? Here she was, telling her partner in crime that he had nothing to worry about, she would handle things because she knew he would listen to her? So everything, even their love-making had been fake?

The thought made him sick to the stomach.

But then he frowned. Something was not making sense. He'd revealed his knowledge of the embezzlement when they were on their way back to New York, after they'd already made love. Before that, she must have thought their secret was safe so she would have had no reason to sleep with him for special favors.

But then it came to him. Suddenly, he knew exactly what happened. Obviously, she'd felt genuine physical attraction for him and whatever kind of relationship she had with Jason, she'd still gone ahead and satisfied her desire by sleeping with him. Then, once she'd learned that he was aware of the embezzlement, fear of punishment made her decide it was best that they come clean. She knew they'd be caught sooner or later so she was going to use her newly acquired power over him to soften the blow. Or eliminate it all together.

The devious little witch.

But somehow, instead of the rage he knew should be feeling right now, all Rock could feel was pain. This was the woman he loved...had loved. How could he have been so wrong about her?

His heart aching, Rock rose to his feet. Now there was only one thing to do. And for their sake and his, he would be quick and brutal. He crossed the room in five steps and flung the door open. Dana and Jason spun around and they both gasped.

"Rock," Dana, squeaked, her eyes huge in her face. "What are you doing here?"

"Jesus," Jason gurgled, his voice a choking whisper.

Rock folded his arms across his chest and his glare was ice cold. "All right, you too. The game's up," he said through clenched teeth. "I want you both out of here. Right now. Take your things and go."

When they both stood frozen in place as if he hadn't spoken he took a step forward. "I said to get out. Now. I'll let the police deal with you later."

It was then that Dana seemed to find her voice. "But Rock, you don't understand. We-"

"Drop it, Dana. You disgust me even more than he does. After what we -" He stopped abruptly, realizing he'd almost brought up something that should never had happened. Something that had seemed special. But not anymore.

He took one last look at her - he couldn't help himself - and what he saw there looked strangely like hurt and pain. But no, that could not be. The only pain she was feeling was probably the pain of having been discovered.

He was the one in pain, the pain of loving a woman who had betrayed him. The pain of knowing that, in spite of her deceit, he could never hurt her. No matter what he'd said, he would never take this to the police.

Without another word Rock turned, walked back into his office and slammed the door shut behind him.

**

"How could he, Becky?" Dana whispered, the tears welling up in her eyes. "He didn't even give me a chance to explain."

"I know, honey. I know." Becky sat on the bed beside Dana, wrapped her arms around her and pressed her head down onto her shoulder. "Just try to put it behind you."

"How can I?" Dana wailed. "He thinks I'm a thief. He's going to have me arrested."

"No, honey, it won't come to that," Becky said, her voice soothing but firm. "You know the whole story and so does Jason. All you have to do is tell the police what really happened." She gave Dana a squeeze. "And Rock, too. You need to let him know that he made a terrible mistake. You've got to talk to him."

Dana pulled out of Becky's arms and glared at her friend. "Never. I will never speak to that man again." She tightened her lips and sucked in her breath, her nostrils flaring in anger. When she spoke again her voice sounded strange even to herself - frigidly cold and hard with bitterness. "He was so quick to think the worst of me. He never even considered that he could be wrong." Then the cold mask of her face crumbled, even as her heart cried inside. "And to think I actually thought I was in love with him," her voice cracked on the word, "and that maybe he loved me, too." And then the tears came and she turned her face to Becky's shoulder and this time when her friend held her as her shoulders heaved with sobs, she did not pull away.

The man she'd said she would hate now hated her - and she didn't know how she was going to live with that.

**

Two days had passed since his catastrophic confrontation with Jason and Dana and still Rock felt like he couldn't breathe.

He was like an automaton, showing up at the office, doing what was required, but his heart, his soul, they'd both died inside him. How could he live with the knowledge that Dana would never more be a part of his life?

Of course, she hadn't come to work yesterday nor this morning. Why would she, after the way he'd thrown her out? But, idiot that he was, each morning that he'd come in his eyes had wandered to her desk as if he expected to see her sitting there.

Feeling almost claustrophobic Rock got up, walked over to the plate glass window and looked down at the people hurrying along, totally oblivious to his suffering. He could not live like this, he knew. He had to see Dana again.

And that was when he knew he had to find her. He could not let it end, not like this. He had to give this thing one more try.

Dana was probably a victim in all of this. Maybe she'd succumbed to the bad influence of Jason Blake. Maybe now that she'd met him, that they'd shared that special night together, she would want to change. He had to give her that chance. He loved her too much to let her slip away, no matter that she'd done this.

His mind made up, Rock moved away from the window and returned to his desk. He would call Dana, convince her to let them meet so that they could talk. It was his only option.

Rock was dialing her number when he heard a knock at his door. He frowned. He wasn't expecting anyone and he was definitely not in the mood for surprise visitors. "Yes?" he called out, his voice stern.

"May I come in?" The muffled voice came to him through the closed door. "It's...Jason Blake."

Son of a gun. The snake had some nerve, showing up at his door. And he was a fool, too. What if he'd followed through on his threat of reporting him to the police? Rock got up and crossed the room then flung the door open. "What the hell are you doing here?"

Jason cringed as if he expected Rock to punch him. His face ashen, he croaked. "Please. Give me a chance. There's something important I have to tell you."

"What could you possibly have to tell me that I don't already know?" Rock advanced on the smaller man and he backed away.

"It's about Dana. She's innocent."

The words stopped Rock in his tracks. "Innocent?"

Jason nodded, a look of relief flashing across his face. "Yes. She didn't know anything about what I'd done. In fact, to this day I still can't figure out how she found out. But she confronted me and told me it was best to confess and ask for your...mercy." When he spoke the last word it sounded almost like he was asking a question.

Rock shook his head, confused. "So if she wasn't in on this why in the blue blazes would she say she'd confess with you?"

"No," Jason said, putting up his hands, "not confess with me, be there with me so I'd have the courage to do what had to be done. You see," he looked down and heaved a sigh, "I skimmed the funds from my expense accounts because I needed to buy expensive medicines for my mom, to keep her alive. When Dana found out she insisted that I tell you and...I guess she knows I'm a bit of a coward...she said she'd be there for me to help me do it."

When Jason fell silent Rock could only stand there looking at him. He didn't know what to feel - relief, anger, disgust? He could only stare at the bespectacled man in shock.

And then it flowed through him - sweet, sweet relief. His Dana was innocent. He almost sagged at the thought.

But then another realization struck him. He'd accused her of something she had not done.

Rock dropped his gaze and looked at Jason with narrowed eyes. "Where is she?"

Jason looked perplexed. "I don't know. I haven't spoken to her since that day-" His voice broke off as Rock turned and headed back into the office. He needed to get his car keys and get out of there fast. He had to find Dana.

He looked around, surprised to see Jason following him into the office. "You're still here?" he barked.

"I...have to ask you something." In his eyes was a look of pleading. "You're not going to press charges, are you? I'll pay you back every cent, even if it takes me a hundred years."

Rock gave a grunt of disgust as he shrugged into his jacket. "You're the least of my problems right now. Get out of here and never enter this building again."

Jason was out in a flash and as Rock heard the outer door slam behind him he expelled his breath. Now to tackle the very sensitive problem he'd created. What do you say to an innocent woman you've accused of being a thief?

As Rock backed his Mercedes Benz CL-600 out of the parking garage and headed down Fifth Avenue he dialed Dana's cell number. No answer. Luckily, he'd scribbled down her home number and address before rushing out of the office. Her apartment was not that many blocks away so he'd be there soon but still, he didn't like the idea of showing up unannounced. He dialed the home number. It rang without an answer. Well, there was nothing he could do about being a surprise visitor. He would just go and hoped she didn't refuse him entry.

But when Rock got to Dana's building she was nowhere to be found. When he got to the lobby and enquired he was told she was not available. A generous tip got him a little more information, but nothing reassuring. It seemed she was away. She hadn't passed through that lobby in the last couple of days, at least not that the front desk manager had noticed.

Back to square one. Where the hell was she? Claire. She had to know. She and Dana seemed pretty close in the office. Claire would be his next stop.

But the PR manager didn't know where Dana was. Either that or she was a damn good actress. She seemed genuinely distressed when he asked. She'd thought Dana had taken some personal days. "Did you call Becky?" she asked. "Since Dana's parents are all the way in England, Becky's her emergency contact. They're best friends."

And so it was that Rock ended up calling the number of Rebecca Smart.

"This is Rock St. Stephens from Premier Holdings," he said into the phone. "I'm trying to reach Dana Daniels. Has she been in touch with you in the last couple of days?"

There was a pause and then Rebecca Smart spoke and her tone was just shy of cool. "I'm sorry but Dana does not wish to speak with you."

Rock released his breath at her words. "So Dana's with you, then? She's all right?"

"She's fine. She just wants to be left alone for a while." Becky's tone was beginning to soften. "I'll let her know you called."

"Wait," he said as he heard her getting ready to hang up. "Could you let her know I'm on the phone? I'll hold on."

Another pause then she said, "All right, I'll tell her. Hold on."

Rock held the phone to his ear, on edge till he heard her come back. "Sorry, she's not interested in anything you have to say to her. Her words, not mine."

"Oh. I see." Now where should he go from here? "Please tell her...I'll call back. Maybe she'll talk to me later."

"I doubt it," Becky said drily and hung up.

After resting the phone back in its cradle, for a long moment Rock just sat there, staring blankly at the computer screen in front of him. That had not been very encouraging. But then, who could blame Dana for wanting to stay far away from him? He'd acted like a heel and he pretty much deserved anything she dished out.

But he would not give up that easily.

That evening Rock called Becky's house as he promised, and again next morning. Still, Dana refused to come to the phone. "Tell her I'll keep calling till she speaks to me," Rock said, and he meant it.

After another day of it, Rock changed tactics. "I'm coming over to see her," he told Becky.

She tried her best to dissuade him. "I don't think that's such a good idea."

But Rock had had enough of waiting. With each passing day, instead of waning, his feelings for her grew more intense. He knew he could not rest until he had done everything in his power to win Dana back.

That evening he rang the doorbell to Becky's house.

She answered the door with a smile. "I've spoken to you so many times that I feel I know you already."

He smiled back at her, immediately liking this woman with the friendly face beneath her curly red hair. Encouraged by her warm welcome, he said, "Is she ready to see me now?"

"Nope. Sorry," Becky said, still smiling as she gently closed the door in his face.

What the hell...

After that, Rock decided to get serious. He called Becky one more time. "Tell Dana that I will not stop coming by until she sees me. I will not take no for an answer." He held the phone while Becky relayed the message.

She was chuckling as she came back to the phone. "She said if you do that she'll call the police and have you arrested for stalking. Careful, Rock, I think she means it."

"I don't care. I'll do whatever it takes to get to see Dana."

"Wow," Becky said in a breathy whisper, "you must really be taken by Dana. I never saw a man so persistent."

"You got it right, Becky. Dana's the one for me and I won't stop till I see her." Rock was resolute.

"Did you ever tell her that?" Becky asked.

"I never got the chance," Rock said then sighed in frustration. "That's why I have to see her."

"Wow," Becky said again and then she was gone.

Next day Rock drove to Becky's house, parked his car out front and rang the doorbell. Same response. Dana did not wish to see him. He didn't make a scene, just shrugged and walked back to his car where he sat listening to music. He knew Dana was watching him. He'd seen the curtain shift but still, she refused to come out.

At midday he ate the lunch he'd packed, walked back up the driveway and rang the bell.

"Rock," Becky said, looking frustrated. "Why don't you go home? Dana's threatening to make that call."

"I already told you, Becky, I have to see her. I'm not leaving till she agrees to speak with me." Rock knew he was being extreme, acting desperate by behaving like this, but he'd already made up his mind that he was going to camp out on the front lawn, if necessary.

Becky raised her eyebrows. "Don't say I didn't warn you..."

Three o'clock came and went, then four, then five and still Dana didn't come out to see him. Sitting in the car, listening to the radio, was wearing on his nerves. Time to make another trip to the front door.

Rock had just stepped out of the car and had his arms up in a stretch when he saw the police car pull into the street, its lights flashing. The car pulled up right behind his Benz.

"May I help you, officer?" he said to the uniformed woman who approached. He glanced at the burly police officer who stepped out after her.

"Can I ask what business you have here, sir?" The diminutive woman asked. She pursed her lips in a tight line, looking for all the world like a kitten trying hard to look like a tiger. Rock didn't feel threatened by her. He was more interested in her Rottweiler of a partner.

"I'm waiting to see someone," he said, his tone unapologetic.

"You know what? I don't think so," the woman said. "We got a complaint about a stalker. I suggest you get in your fancy car and move on. We don't want any trouble in this neighborhood."

Her partner came to stand right behind her, folded his arms across his chest and fixed Rock with a dark scowl.

Rock almost laughed. So brave of him, hiding behind the skirts of a woman he could pick up with one hand. "Sorry, ma'am," he said in a slow drawl, "no can do. I have some unfinished business here."

Now it was the woman's turn to scowl. "I'm telling you, mister. Just because you dress like a big shot and have a nice car doesn't mean we can't throw you in the slammer. Now go on, get outta here."

Now Rock did laugh. Did she think her threats fazed him?" "You'll have to lock me up then, because I'm not leaving."

Before the words were out of his mouth, swift as a kite the little kitten grabbed Rock in a chokehold and slammed him against the hood of the car. His arms were pulled behind his back and the handcuffs were on before he could say, "Hey."

Then Rottweiler took over and peeled him off the car. "Come on, bud," the big man said. "Off to the station we go."

And then they were pushing him toward the squad car, not even giving him a chance to grab his cell phone. He only had time to glance up the driveway at Becky's front window and there she was. Finally. Dana was staring out the window at him, her hands to her mouth, her eyes enormous in her face.

He could only hope that his plan had worked. If Dana cared for him at all, this would definitely break through her resistance. She would have to see him now.

Or was he the kind of fool she would let rot in jail?

He would find out soon enough.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Dear God, what have I done? Dana stared out the window, her heart in her throat. She'd made the call but she hadn't really expected them to arrest him. Talk to him, maybe. Scare him away. But put handcuffs on him and take him away in their police car?

"Becky," she yelled to her friend who'd gone to make dinner. "Becky, come quick."

"What? Is the house on fire?" Becky strolled out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on a towel. She took one look at Dana's face, dropped the towel and rushed over. "What's the matter? Are you hurt?"

"I did it, Becky. I made the call." Dana's hands trembled as she reached out to her friend.

Becky gasped. "You called the police."

Dana could only nod. The words lodged in her throat and would not come out.

"So what happened?" Becky stepped past Dana and peered out the window. Then she gave a little laugh. "It's okay. His car's still there. He's fine."

"No, they took him away," Dana whispered as she stared out the window with Becky. "I saw it. They arrested him and it's all my fault. How could I have been so stupid?" Then her eyes snapped back to her friend. "I've got to go down there, Becky. I've got to let them know I don't want to press charges."

"I'm coming with you. Just let me turn off the stove."

With Becky at the wheel, Dana had ample time to berate herself for the stupidest thing she'd done in her life. How could she have done such a thing...to the man she loved? The thought made more tears well up in her eyes and soon they were flowing freely down her cheeks.

She'd been hurt and she'd been angry - angry that he'd thought so low of her - and then she'd gone and done even worse. She'd gotten him thrown in jail. Would he ever forgive her?

It took about twenty minutes for Becky to pull into the parking lot of the police station. To Dana, it seemed like an eternity. As soon as the engine was switched off she dashed out of the car and through the sliding doors. She tackled the first police officer she saw, a very young man seated at the front desk. "Rockford St. Stephens," she said, her chest heaving from her run. "Where can I find him?"

The young cop looked up then grinned at her. "That big shot fella? I asked him if he wanted to call his lawyer and he said not yet." He shook his head. "Weird. He must like the inside of a jail cell." He shrugged. "If that's how he gets his kicks..."

"Is he all right? Can I see him?" Even as the words left her mouth, Dana was walking past his desk, trying to peer down the hallway at the back of the room.

"Hey, wait. You can't just walk in here like that." The officer hopped up from his seat and hurried after her. "That's a restricted area."

"I know," Dana said, exasperated. "I'm sorry but I just need to see him. Can you take me to him? Please?"

"Okay, okay. Just hold your horses. Let me get the key." Mumbling as he went, he walked over to a steel cupboard mounted on the wall, selected a key then turned back to her. "Let's go."

As they walked, the other police officers in the room turned to stare at her but she didn't care. She just needed to see Rock and that was all that was on her mind.

Her guide took her down a dimly lit hallway, past an empty cell and two occupied ones, and then to the one at the very back of the building. And there, seated on a narrow cot with his head down, sat Rock.

Dana's heart quaked at the sight of him, so alone, so humbled, so despondent. All because of her.

She walked up to the cell and put up both hands to hold onto the bars. "Rock?" she whispered. "It's Dana."

At her words, Rock's head jerked up and in his eyes was a pain so deep that Dana tightened her grip on the bars to keep from trembling. Had she hurt him that much?

"Dana." His voice was a hoarse whisper and then he was up and off the cot and standing right in front of her, the heavy metal bars the only thing keeping them apart.

"Rock. I'm so sorry. I never meant for this to happen. I thought-"

"Shh. None of this is your fault." He gave her a gentle smile. "I chose to be here."

"No, you didn't," she said, her voice rising with frustration. "I was the one who called the police on you." Why was he being so good about it? Why was he taking the blame?

That made his smile widen. "You made the call but I could have cooperated. I chose not to."

"But...why not?" She frowned. Had he gone bonkers?

"I wanted them to take me to jail. I thought of a plan and it worked." With a look full of emotion he reached through the bars and cupped her cheek with his palm. "You're here."

Dana's mouth fell open in disbelief. "You...you got yourself arrested so you could see me?"

He chuckled. "Smart girl."

"What? I could kill you. I almost had a heart attack when they took you away. Are you mad?" Dana's voice rose with each word. The whole police station was probably hearing every word but she didn't give a damn. When it came to crazy, Rock St. Stephens took the cake.

"I'm mad, all right," Rock said, seeming not the least bit perturbed by her outburst. "Mad about you."

And then the hand at her cheek slid to the back of her head and he pulled her close and leaned forward to kiss her so softly and sweetly that she totally forgot what she was supposed to be upset about.

When he released her, she looked up at him in wonder. "What did you just say?"

"I said I love you, Dana, with every ounce of my being."

"But...but..."

"Shh," he said, hushing her again. "It's because I love you that I went through all this trouble just to see you." He gave her a crooked smile. "The way I saw it, if you had feelings for me you wouldn't let me rot in my cell." Then, slowly, his smile faded and his look turned solemn. "I'm glad you came."

Dana got so choked up she could not utter a word. All she could do was stare at him, her lips trembling as she struggled to keep from crying. Her greatest wish had finally come true.

"Dana," Rock continued, "ever since I came from Alaska there's a big favor I've been wanting to ask you."

"Yes?" Dana asked, her heart going still. "What is it?"

And then, as she stared at him through the bars, Rock went down on one knee and looked up at her with earnest eyes. "Dana Daniels, will you do me the honor of being my wife?"

Dana sucked in her breath. Was she dreaming? But no, the cold bars against her palms told her this was real.

"Dana," Rock said again from his position on the ground, "you didn't answer me. Just in case you didn't hear me the first time, I'm asking you to take my hand in marriage."

"But...but Rock," she half laughed, half cried, "you're asking me here, right now, like this? What will we tell our children?" And she sank to her knees, her heart feeling like it would burst with the love she felt for this man.

"Is that your way of saying yes?" Rock reached out to take her hand and then he kissed her fingertips.

It was then that the tears came, sliding down her cheeks and dripping off her chin. But who cared? She was going to spend the rest of her life with the man she loved. "Yes, Rock, yes. I will marry you."

And then he was reaching through the bars and pulling her close again and this time his kiss was long and deep and filled with a passion that made Dana's head spin.

And as they kissed, Dana heard the sounds of clapping and then the cheers and she knew they had an audience, but she didn't care. They could have been in the middle of Times Square and she would kiss Rock just as passionately.

Because she loved him and she had no doubt that he loved her, too.

She'd finally found her heaven - right here on earth.

EPILOGUE

"Mommy, Daddy's being bad again."

Dana sighed as the kitchen door burst open and six-year-old Maya and her four-year-old brother dashed in.

"Yeah," Michael said, "he's hugging the ball."

"Hogging the ball," Maya corrected, rolling her eyes. Then she put her hands on her h*ps and set her mouth in her classic pout. "Mama," she whined, dragging the word out so far it was like fingernails on a chalkboard, "make him stop."

Dana pursed her lips then stuck her head out the window. "Daddy," she called out, her voice stern, "behave."

"Aw, spoilsport." Rock yelled back from the bottom of the garden. "You're taking sides with them. No fair."

"Don't let Mommy come out there," she yelled back. "It won't be pretty."

At her words Rock came bounding up the garden, a huge grin on his face. "Okay, guys," he said, "it's all yours." He threw the beach ball up into the air and let it fall back down to the ground.

"Yay." With whoops of joy the children scampered out to scoop up the coveted toy.

As soon as they were out the door Rock sauntered in, walked up to Dana as she tore up leaves of lettuce, and hugged her from behind.

"What you gonna do?" he whispered. "Lock me up?"

She gave a snort. "I've done it before."

For that, he bent his head and gave her a nip on the neck. "So let's go play lockup. I've got handcuffs."

Dana opened her eyes wide and dropped her handful of lettuce back into the bowl. Then she turned to give her husband a stern look. Or at least she tried. It was kind of hard to be stern when you had a grin on your face. "Rock, behave. The children-"

"Are gone back down to the bottom of the garden. They'll be busy with that ball for a while. And beside, Nanny's with them." He pulled her into his arms. "What say we run upstairs? You can punish me for being a bad boy. Without the police this time."

That made Dana laugh out loud. "Naughty, naughty."

Rock didn't wait to hear anymore. He swept her up into his arms and took the stairs two at a time. And as he took her into the room and laid her on the bed, Dana thanked the stars for her wonderful family and this man whose love was hot and passionate and absolutely crazy.

Rock St. Stephens, the love of her life, would never escape her...even if it meant keeping him under lock and key.

He was hers - to have and to hold and to love - forever.

THE END

