CHAPTER ONE

It was one of those picture-perfect days in New Orleans, a brilliantly beautiful January day with the sun shining super-bright and the clouds racing one another across a radiant blue sky. It was a postcard-pretty day...and Arie was miserable.

She could not believe what she'd done. Seriously, what kind of fool had she been to think this would work? A marriage proposal from super-handsome billionaire, Rome Milano? She'd been over the moon. But now, one month into their engagement, she was having second thoughts.

And, unfortunately, it was for good reason because when Rome found out she'd kept something this serious from him she didn't know if he would ever forgive her.

She shook her head, trying desperately to clear her mind of a thought that was both depressing and exciting at the same time. Goodness, she felt like she was being torn in two. With a hiss of frustration she hopped up off the concrete bench and pulled her jacket closer around her. She'd had enough of gazing into the murky waters of her backyard pond. If she sat there one minute longer she'd go mad.

She was heading back toward the house when her cell phone rang. She dug it out of her pocket and glanced at the screen. Lena. Arie almost sighed. She wasn't in the mood for a chat but when her business partner called she knew she'd better answer. This could be important.

"Hey, Lena. What's up?" She forced a note of cheerfulness into her voice even though she was feeling anything but.

"Hey, girl," Lena said, sounding cheery enough for both of them. "What are you doing on this beautiful Sunday morning?"

Arie grimaced. As she'd told herself earlier, she wasn't in the mood for chit-chat. Apparently, Lena was. Still, this was her long-time partner and friend. She had to at least try. "Oh, nothing," she said. "I'll probably just catch up on my reading."

"What? On a lovely day like this?" Lena sounded appalled. "I thought for sure you and Rome would be doing something special. Or is he away? Off to Italy, is he?"

"No, he's in Sydney right now. Remember I told you about the launch of his men's formal wear line?"

"Oh, yeah. I forgot it was this weekend." Lena clucked her tongue. "Now don't you be sitting there, moping around the house, missing him. Do you want me to come over?"

"No, it's okay." Arie was quick to respond. The last thing she needed was to have to put on a happy face when all she wanted to do was cry. "I'll be all right. I'll call him later. He'll be back in a few days, anyway."

"Well, all right. If you're sure." Lena sounded doubtful, almost like she could sense that all was not well on the other end of the line. "I'll give you a buzz later, okay?"

"Okay," Arie said meekly, knowing that her friend would do as she'd promised no matter what reassurance she tried to give her. No-nonsense and stubborn, that was Lena.

Arie did spend the rest of the morning moping around the house, the very thing Lena had warned her not to do. And she was missing Rome. Terribly. But on top of all that she was consumed with guilt for what she'd done and for what she was about to do.

The really sad thing was, she didn't want to lose what she and Rome had. It was too precious, too perfect. How could she give up on the love she'd found? How could she say goodbye to Rome?

As her thoughts homed in on the man who filled her every waking thought Arie's mind went back to the first day she saw him, so commanding and so sinfully sexy she couldn't tear her eyes away. Then when he'd practically commanded her to his office the following week she'd gone, never once imagining that a little over a month later she would be accepting his proposal to become his wife.

But not anymore. Today that would all come to an end because of the biggest dilemma of all.

How could she suddenly bring a baby into his life, one that wasn't even his?

***

"Rome, this is wonderful. It's the best show I've ever seen." Of anyone watching the grand finale, Iyana was clapping loudest of all. "Thanks for inviting me."

Rome smiled, pleased that his personal assistant was having so much fun. "My pleasure," he said with a nod and he meant it.

In the year and a half she'd been working for him Iyana had been a hard worker, efficient and organized, one of the best he'd had. It hadn't been a hard decision to surprise her with a trip to Sydney to accompany him to the Australia launch of his men's formal line. These past few months she'd been busy with the behind-the-scenes preparation for the launch so why not reward her by letting her see it all come to life on the runway?

"You deserve it," he said honestly and when she turned and gave him a huge smile of gratitude, he laughed. He'd certainly made the right decision when he'd invited her to come along.

But even as he stared into the wide brown-eyed gaze of the woman sitting beside him, the sounds of applause faded away and the brown eyes morphed into brilliant blue ones, the eyes of the woman who had the power to dominate his thoughts and transport him away, no matter where he was or what he was doing.

Arie Angelis, the love of his life...what was she doing now? Was she consumed with thoughts of him as he was with thoughts of her? Did everything remind her of him like they reminded him of her? His lovely little Arie had turned him into a love-sick sap and he didn't give a damn.

As Rome sat there in the middle of a crowd of thousands his thoughts flew back to the first time he'd laid eyes on Arie, a petite blonde with brilliant blue eyes that drew you in, wrapped you in a web of intrigue and never let you go. He'd come up with a ruse to get her to come to his office but it was only because he'd been dying to see her again and then, before he knew what was happening, he'd fallen in love with the enchanting little pixie. By the time Christmas came around he was professing his love and asking her to marry him.

That Christmas day had been the best he'd ever had. To his relief she'd said yes and they'd spent a wonderful Christmas together, knowing that they'd be together at Christmas for the rest of their lives.

And then it was time to think about the wedding. For him, the ideal would be an escape to an island resort where they'd tie the knot in front of a local official. She wasn't as enthusiastic about the island escape but, thankfully, she was on board with the idea of a small wedding. She wasn't fussy, she told him. As long as, at the end of the day she was his wife, she was happy.

"They're calling you on stage."

Rome snapped back to the present when he felt Iyana's hand on his arm. He nodded and rose then headed for the stage. This was the part he could do without. Somehow he never got used to being in the spotlight. As owner and CEO of Belitalia it was part of what he had to do, part of who he was. Nobody cared that he'd much rather sit in the shadows and let his second-in-command take the stage. No, the audience was waiting and he was the one they wanted to see.

As Rome climbed the steps by the runway the crowd erupted in applause. Damn, it was like he was a celebrity. Not that he felt like one.

As he walked to the middle of the stage he raised his hand, silencing the whoops and cheers. "Thank you, everyone," he said, his voice booming around the hall as the stage director pinned a microphone to his lapel. "You are the ones who have made the launch of the Belitalia men's collection a resounding success. I had nothing to do with it." The fans, reporters and well wishers burst into laughter. "I'm dead serious about that," he said, "and that's why I've arranged for every one of you to receive a signature silk tie, compliments of Belitalia. Don't worry. It's nothing gaudy. Perfect for that power meeting when you want to dress to impress."

He had to raise his hands again when the audience broke out in appreciative applause. "And ladies," he said with a smile, "you'll get your ties, too. Just don't tell me what you plan to do with them." That got him more laughter and more than a few whoops and catcalls. Some of the women in the audience even called out his name, making him laugh. They'd have some explaining to do when they got home.

"Now I wish you all a good night and safe travel home," he said, "and when you think of men's formal wear in Australia, think Belitalia."

He'd thought that would be the end of it. He would exit the stage and make his way back to his hotel suite where he would sleep off the jetlag he'd been fighting all day. Unfortunately for him, he had no such luck. It was another hour before he was able to extricate himself from reporters and the clinging hands of ladies who seemed to have decided he wasn't going to leave the place that night.

Finally Iyana - who'd been waiting with the patience of Job although he'd told her she could leave - stepped forward and hooked her arm in his. "That's it, folks," she said, putting on her 'woman-in-charge' face. "Rome is exhausted and if you don't want to see him pass out in front of you, I suggest you let him go." It was only then that the tightly packed crowd circling him began to thin and then a path cleared and they were able to slip away.

In the limo Rome and Iyana had a good laugh. "I should hire you as my bodyguard," he said with a grin.

She smiled back. "Any time."

As soon as they got back to the Park Hyatt Sydney, he said his goodnight and headed for the penthouse suite. All he wanted to do just then was crash for the night. Of course, not before he called Arie. There was nothing that made him sleep better than to hear her voice just before his head touched the pillow.

After a warm bath in the circular tub, wearing nothing but his boxers, Rome sank with a sigh into the plush comfort of the king-sized bed. He relaxed for a minute in the softness of the bedclothes but he was soon reaching for the phone, intent on talking to his ladylove. At forty-five minutes after midnight it would only be five forty-five in New Orleans. Perfect timing. Arie should be home and able to talk.

He was reaching for the hotel phone when he noticed the blinking light. How could he have missed that? He had a message. He picked up the receiver and dialed into the voicemail box. Arie. Rome sat up straight. She'd called an hour before and she wanted him to call her right back.

For some reason a sense of dread, like a gray shroud, wrapped itself around him. Maybe it was the restlessness in her voice, maybe it was her tone. He couldn't put his finger on it but something was seriously wrong. His heart tightening in his chest, he began to dial the number.

"Hello? Rome?" Arie picked up on the second ring like she'd been waiting by the phone. She sounded all right and he almost sagged into the pillows in relief. But not yet. There was that unfamiliar tone in her voice, almost like she was unsure of herself. Or maybe of him. He didn't know which.

"Yes, it's me," he said, wanting to get straight to the point. "Are you all right? Is everything okay over there?"

"Everything's...fine," she said and there was that hesitation again, almost like she didn't know what to say next.

"No, everything's not fine, Arie. What's going on?" His voice was brusque, the tension building inside him, putting him on edge. Why the heck didn't she come out and tell him what was wrong?

For a moment there was only silence then she sighed, and it was a deep, dismal sound, so dismal it was scary.

"Rome," she said, her voice low and almost hoarse, "I don't know how to tell you this but...the wedding is off."

CHAPTER TWO

Rome's heart leaped into his throat. Had he heard right? "What...did you say?" The words almost couldn't come out, his throat was so tight.

"I'm...sorry," Arie said, sounding like she, too, was struggling with the words. "I said the wedding's off."

That hit him hard. "What do you mean, the wedding's off? What are you talking about?" His voice was louder now, the shock of what she was saying almost making him lose it. "Are you serious?"

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I'm sorry...but...but...I can't go through with it. I'm sorry, Rome, but I can't marry you." And then she was sobbing into the phone, crying softly, the sound so full of pain that he felt like she was ripping his heart out.

"But why?" he asked, not understanding at all. "Why can't you marry me? What happened?" As he clutched the receiver to his ear his thoughts raced like wild horses through his head. He couldn't think straight. His world was crashing down around his ears and he didn't know where to turn. "Arie, please," he said, sounding desperate and not caring a hoot, "don't you love me anymore?"

The answer to that was full-fledged bawling on the other end of the line and it was all Rome could do to stay still. His darling was in distress but she was on the other side of the world and he couldn't reach her. He couldn't touch her, he couldn't hold her in his arms. "Arie, please answer me," he begged. "As long as you still love me, whatever it is, we'll work it out. Please. Just tell me what's wrong."

"It's...it's..." She broke down again, alternating between sobbing and crying out loud, and he couldn't make head or tail of what she was trying to say through the tears. "It's a baby."

Now she really wasn't making any sense. "It's a baby? What's a baby? What are you talking about, Arie?"

"I...I'm getting a baby. Please." She was sobbing again. "Please forgive me. No, I know you can't forgive me. It's too much."

"Holy shit." Rome breathed the words as he stared, unseeing, out the huge bay windows of his hotel suite. Arie was pregnant.

It was weird because they'd used protection every time. Weird but not impossible. They were going to have a baby.

"You silly goose," he said, laughing into the phone. "What are you crying about? Did you think I'd be angry? You're getting a head start on our family. I love it." He was still laughing even as the sobs continued, unabated. If anything, they were getting louder.

"Arie, stop that." It was time to put his foot down. She was getting emotional and that could not be good for the baby. "Listen to me," he said. "Take a slow, deep breath and calm down. No more crying, okay?"

"O...okay," she said on a hiccup. "I'll...I'll try."

"Good. Just keep taking deep breaths and when you're calm you can tell me all about it." Arie couldn't see him but Rome was grinning ear-to-ear. He was going to be a father.

Of course, he'd expected this, just not quite so soon. He wanted Arie to bear him children, lots of them if she would agree. Well, maybe not lots, but three or even four. He wanted her to have a big family around her to make up for all those years she'd felt so alone after she'd left foster care. Being from a huge and close-knit family, he still couldn't imagine what it was like to have no-one in the world but yourself.

But Arie was talking again, her words cutting into his daydream. "Yes, honey? What did you say?" He turned his full attention back to his wife-to-be.

"But the baby," she said, her voice hoarse from her tears. "The baby...it's not yours. It's-"

"What the f..." He stopped himself just in time. "What did you just say?"

"I'm sorry, Rome, I didn't mean to do this to you. I didn't know it would come through..." And then she started sobbing again.

Rome felt like he'd just been rammed in the gut by someone wearing a cast iron helmet. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Arie was pregnant...by another man.

His heart plunging to the pit of his stomach, he did the only thing he could do right then. He decided to end the call. He needed time to think. "Arie, I have to go," he said, the shock, hurt and pain making his voice sound harsh. "I'll talk to you when I get back to New Orleans."

And with that he hung up the phone knowing that, after tonight, nothing between them would ever be the same again.

***

"Oh Lord, what am I going to say? How am I going to explain?" Arie was mumbling to herself as she sat on the edge of the sofa, twisting her hands in her lap.

It was already twenty minutes since Rome called from the airport, saying he was on his way. He would be here any minute now and she didn't know how she was going to face him.

She didn't have to worry about that much longer because before she knew it, and long before she was even ready, she heard the roar of the Maserati's engine and the sound of tires coming to a screeching halt on her driveway. Arie hopped up off the couch but she didn't go running to the door as she normally would. This time she drew in a slow, steadying breath then put one foot in front of the other, forcing herself to move forward to answer the now chiming doorbell.

"Well, here goes nothing," she breathed, preparing herself for the worst. She knew this would end badly but wasn't that the story of her life? Why should this situation be any different? She placed her hand on the doorknob then, steeling herself for the blast from the furnace of Rome Milano's anger, she opened the door.

What she saw made her heart slip off its seat and slide down to her toes. Rome was there, tall and dark in the doorway, looking down at her. But it wasn't the Rome she knew and loved. No, as she lifted her gaze to look up at this man, what she saw was a face so grim it made her shiver. And the eyes, those weren't Rome's eyes. They were gone, those deep brown ones like molten dark chocolate, and in their place were eyes as hard as flint.

Quickly, Arie dropped her gaze. She couldn't bear his frigid glare. She'd expected anger, red-hot rage, but not this. Heaven knew she would have preferred a raging fire to this ice-cold ire.

Not looking up, she stepped back and opened the door wide and, as he'd done so many times before, Rome Milano walked into Bayou House. This time, though, everything was different. This time he'd come to say goodbye.

But first, she had some explaining to do.

"Arie," he said, his voice cool as he stared down at her.

"Hello, Rome." She tried to make her voice just as cool but, to her dismay, it came out soft and tremulous. She cleared her throat. "Uhm, have a seat. I'll be right with you."

For a moment he just stared at her then he shook his head. "I don't want to sit. We need to talk."

"I know," she said, and she was clutching her hands again, and it was all she could do to keep from wringing them. "But we can't talk standing here in the hallway. Let's talk in the sitting room."

Rome was still frowning but he shrugged and then he stalked off, leaving her staring at his broad, rigid back.

With a sigh of resignation Arie set off after him but when she got there he didn't even give her a chance to have a seat before he started. "Why didn't you tell me, Arie?"

"I...didn't mean to hurt-"

"Who the hell is he? Who is this man you love so much that you would throw this all away?" Rome shook his head, his glare changing into a look of profound pain. "When you said you loved me you were lying the whole time. How could you do this to me?"

"But I love you, Rome. I love you so much." Arie made to step forward, to put a hand on his arm, but the look he gave her made her pull up short.

"Don't even try that." The scorn came, swift and stinging, in his voice. "You love me but you went and slept with another man? What kind of fool do you take me for?"

"But there is no other man, Rome. It's just the baby. If you just let me explain-"

He burst out laughing but it was a harsh, bitter sound. "This, I've gotta hear. So you got yourself pregnant. Rich." He gave a humorless chuckle and folded his arms across his chest. "Go on," he said with a jerk of his head. "Tell me how you managed that."

"Rome, please. Just sit so we can talk."

"Spill it, Arie. This is not a social call. Just say what you have to say so I can get the hell out of here."

There was nothing left to do but blurt it out. She'd wanted to tell him slowly, show him how she'd come to that life-changing decision, but it was clear that he wouldn't be there long enough for her to go through all that. He would walk right out if she didn't get to the point. So she did.

"I'm going to have a baby," she said as she stared up at him, her heart pounding in anticipation of the backlash, "but I'm not pregnant. My baby's coming from Armenia."

"Coming from...you mean you're adopting?"

"Yes," she said, nodding and she took a step forward. "I'm so sorry. I should have told you. It's just...I'd given up hope. They told me I couldn't have her, that they'd found a more suitable family. I didn't know all that would change."

"What? I'm confused. Come again?"

This time Rome did sit, and as he sat looking up at her, the confusion plain on his face, Arie realized she was making a mess of the whole thing.

"May I start at the beginning, Rome?" she asked, and when his frown deepened like he meant to say no, she gave him a pleading look. "I just want to make you understand. You'll let me speak and tell you what happened?" When he nodded slowly she pressed again. "And you won't interrupt?"

Rome shook his head. He looked like he'd been struck dumb anyway. That suited Arie just fine. She had a lot to say.

She drew in her breath and then she began. "You already know that I never had a family, that I grew up in foster care."

He nodded but still said nothing. He just sat there watching her, his eyes wary.

"I've always wanted a family," she said but then she looked away. The way that came out, it sounded pathetic. Why did her voice have to crack when she said the words? The last thing she wanted was for him to feel sorry for her. She cleared her throat and tried again. "I wanted a family and one day I decided to do whatever it took to have one. I decided to adopt."

She looked at him then, trying to gauge his reaction but he was looking back at her with enigmatic eyes, dark pools that she could not read. She bit her lip and then she continued. "I contacted a private adoption agency. It took a while but then they introduced me to the sweetest little girl you ever saw. The moment I saw her I fell in love." She blinked, trying to ease the sudden pricking in her left eye. "I told them I wanted to be her mommy and they said I could. And then...they went back on their word. They said...they'd found the perfect family and I couldn't have her anymore."

She stopped abruptly. Her voice was beginning to tremble and she knew if she went on she'd soon be a sobbing mess. She wasn't usually so weepy but when it came to the tiny baby she thought she would never see again, she was like a jiggly bowl of jelly, an unstable, emotional wreck.

Rome frowned. "You didn't sign a contract?" He'd spoken, breaking his vow of silence, but Arie didn't mind. He was asking a question, actually holding a conversation with her, and for that she was grateful.

"No," she said, her voice full of regret, "we didn't get that far. I guess that's why they felt they were within their rights to accept someone else."

She shook her head as the painful memory came back. "It was a really rough time for me. It was a while before I could resign myself to the fact that I'd lost her. It hurt so much that I didn't apply to the agency again. I was too scared for it to happen all over again." She sighed but then tilted her head and gave Rome a tiny smile. "And then I met you." The smile widened just a little bit. "I fell in love again, but this time it wasn't with a baby. It was with the most wonderful man on earth." She almost laughed when Rome actually looked embarrassed. "It's true. For me, at least. The sun shone so bright when you came into my life."

That made Rome chuckle. "I should hope it was shining bright long before that."

"You made it shine even brighter and now..." she paused, not knowing how to express what she wanted to say next, "and now the sun could shine even brighter for me...or it could fade."

Rome sat back in the chair but his eyes never left her. "Meaning?"

Arie swallowed. "Rome, the agency called and told me things didn't work out with the family they'd chosen. The couple decided they didn't want her after they found out her birth mother had been a smoker and the baby may have health problems or special needs. That's why the agency contacted me again." She clasped her hands in front of her. "They said the baby was mine if I still wanted her. I was so happy. I didn't hesitate. I told them I want her. I'm sorry, Rome, but I still love her. Very much."

Rome said nothing, his eyes on her so intense and dark and unreadable.

"I'm so sorry. I should have consulted you before I gave them my response. I know that. It's just that, at the time I was so excited, so relieved. I wanted to provide a loving home to this special little girl and finally my dream was coming true. I couldn't turn her away." She looked away and then she sniffed. "I didn't want her to go through what I went through...or worse. I'm sorry."

"Don't be. You made a decision so the only thing left is for you to stick with it." Rome's tone was serious and when Arie glanced at him she could see that his face was serious, too.

She heaved a sigh. "I know. It's just..." she dropped her eyes and bit her bottom lip to keep it from trembling, "...I wanted to have my cake and eat it, too." Then, no matter that she was trying her hardest, her face crumpled like a leaf and the tears began to flow. "I wanted so much to be your wife, Rome. Why do I have to choose?"

Arie was sobbing now and, not knowing what to do with herself, she stumbled to the sofa and sank down onto it then covered her face with her hands. "I love you so much, Rome. I don't want to lose you.

"Arie, my darling, what are you talking about? Why would you have to lose me?"

Rome's voice cut through the thick, gray fog of her tears. When she felt his arm curve around her shoulder she turned her face and pressed it into his chest, her body shaking with her sobs. "I can't..." she gasped. "I can't have you, not when I've changed everything. Now I have the baby." She hiccupped on the last word. She was trying so hard to be calm, trying to tell him everything so he could know what she was going through, but she was failing miserably.

"Hush."

Her face pressed against the softness of his shirt, the warmth of his body soothing her frazzled nerves, Arie felt Rome's hands on her hair. Gently, he stroked until her shaking stilled and she settled into his arms.

"Look at me, Arie." His voice was gentle but firm. His caress stilled then he put a finger under her chin and lifted her face to his. "I love you, Arie, and if this baby is important to you then she's important to me, too."

Arie sucked in her breath as she stared up at him. "What are you saying?" Dared she hope?

"I'm saying, don't think you can back out of this wedding, little Miss Angelis. I'm not letting you go so don't think you can use this as an excuse." He was smiling down at her as he gazed into her eyes.

"You mean...I can keep her? And you, too?" She held her breath, waiting for his reply. What he'd said sounded like he was leaning toward a 'yes' but it was too good to be true.

Rome laughed. "If it will make you happy, I'm all for a readymade family."

And then he pulled her back into his arms and squeezed her tight. "Arie Angelis, I love you."

And those last three words, so simple yet so powerful, were all Arie needed to hear. From here on she would have two wonderful people to love and, as far as she was concerned, she could not have been more blessed.

***

"Good morning."

At the sound of his greeting Iyana looked away from the computer screen and glanced up at Rome. Her brows raised, she gave him a look of suspicion. "You're in a good mood today," she said, cocking her head to one side, her dark eyes roaming his face. "A real good mood. Why?"

Rome shook his head then shrugged. "What? A man can't smile in the morning?"

She gave a snort. "A man can smile, just not this man. This early in the morning you're always as sore as a bear."

"Who, me? Where did you get that impression?" Rome gave her an innocent smile.

"Let's not go there," she said coolly. "Just tell me what's changed, to put you into such a mellow mood."

Rome just shrugged.

"So you're Mr. Pleasant today," Iyana said, folding her arms across her chest. "I don't like it."

That made Rome laugh. "All right, Miss Grumpy. I'll try to keep it down." Still laughing, he walked away from Iyana's door, leaving her to stew in the mystery of his change of mood.

It was a fact. He was in an unusually cheerful mood today and he knew why. To his relief, Arie was not backing out of the wedding. Within months she would be his wife and at the ceremony they would have the most beautiful flower girl of all, even though someone would have to carry the tiny tyke down the aisle.

When he got to his office Rome deposited his computer bag on top of the desk and picked up the yellow pad on which Iyana had scribbled some messages. There was a message from the Asia division, a reminder about their annual sales meeting. There was one from the PR agency that had handled the Australia launch and one from his father. The last one took priority over all others.

Dropping into his chair, he reached for the phone and dialed. It took a few rings but his father eventually answered, his big voice booming into the phone. "Mio figlio, why don't you answer your cell phone? I called three times this morning."

"Sorry, Papa. I put it on silent and forgot. I'll fix that right now before I miss any more calls." As he spoke, he reached into his breast pocket and pulled out the phone.

"Too late," his father said. "Maria dropped by for a visit and she wanted to say hi to you. Of course, we couldn't find you." The last sentence was said with a hint of reprimand.

"Maria?" Rome was racking his brain, trying to figure out who the visitor was. His father was speaking as if he should know. "Somebody from Cerveteri?"

"Shame on you, Rome. Don't you remember your cousin, Maria? She's the one who used to tease you when you couldn't read as well as she could. Remember?"

"Oh, that Maria. Yeah, I remember her." Not that he wanted to. He'd been six and she'd been eight and she'd been a royal pain in the posterior, a snooty little know-it-all who went out of her way to show how smart she was. She made it a point to traumatize him with her intelligence. No wonder he'd blocked her from his memory. "I haven't spoken to her in years. What did she want?"

"I told you, she wanted to say hi."

"Why?"

"Now, Rome, let's be gentlemanly. Maria is your cousin. She's family." Again, there was that reprimand in his voice, but then he chuckled. "All right, I admit it. There was another reason she came by."

"She won the Nobel Prize for literature?" Rome asked drily.

"Not quite, but something like that. She wanted to be the one to give us the news. She won the Pulitzer Prize in fiction and is moving to the States to focus on her writing career. Says if you're serious about your writing, New York is the place to be."

Rome gave a grunt. He knew it. She'd only dropped by to gloat. But then he shrugged. If that was what made her happy...

Then a thought came to him. "Hey, isn't the Pulitzer Prize restricted to Americans?"

"Maria is American."

"No, she's not. She grew up in Viterbo. In fact, Tio Giovanni still lives there."

"Yes, but she was born in Hartford, where her parents were living while her mother studied at Yale. I thought you knew that."

"I had no idea," Rome said. "Born on the Yale campus, was she? Now I know why she's such a brain. It must be something in the air."

Vittorio laughed. "Or in the genes. Her mother's a neuroscientist, after all."

"Yeah," Rome conceded with a sigh. "That, too."

By this time Rome had had enough of talking about Maria. Time to change the subject to more important things, things that included the soon-to-come arrival of a brand new baby.

"Papa, I have a surprise for you," he said. "Are you sitting down?"

There was a pause then Vittorio gave a grunt. "I don't like the sound of this. When somebody asks if you're sitting down it's not usually to deliver good news."

"Rest assured, Pa, this time it's good." Rome had absolutely no doubt about that. In fact, he was dying to share his good fortune. "Pa," he said, unable to keep the smile from his voice, "in less than a month I'm going to be a father. I'll have a daughter and her name is Maya."

"Scusi? What are you saying? Your fiancee, she is pregnant?"

Rome laughed. "No. That's what I thought when she told me but it's nothing like that. Before we met she applied to adopt a baby and she just got word that she's been approved. Isn't that great?"

Vittorio's reaction was nothing like what Rome was expecting. He'd thought his father would be shocked and then curious, plying him with all kinds of questions, but silence? That, he wasn't prepared for.

After a long while Rome frowned. "Are you still there?"

"I'm here," came the answer but where he'd sounded relaxed and jovial before, Vittorio's voice was now so tight he almost sounded angry. "You are not serious, I assume. You're pulling my leg."

"No, I'm not," Rome said, his frown deepening. "I'm dead serious. Why? Is there a problem?"

"I'm surprised you would even ask that. Of course there's a problem." Now Vittorio wasn't sounding 'almost angry'. Rome knew that tone very well. When his voice started vibrating that meant he was pretty angry. "I had my reservations when you surprised us with this whirlwind engagement but now I'm one hundred percent sure it's a mistake. When a woman starts a relationship by keeping secrets from you that's a bad sign. A terrible sign. A woman like that cannot be trusted."

"What are you talking about? I would trust Arie with my life." If it had been anybody else who'd made that remark he would have blasted him with all the force of his fury. He would not let anybody badmouth Arie and the only thing saving Vittorio right then was the fact that he held the position of 'father'.

"I wouldn't recommend it," Vittorio retorted. "Not after this trick she just pulled on you."

"It was not a trick. She'd been turned down. She had no idea they would then come back and offer the child to her."

"When they did, she could have said no." Vittorio's response was abrupt and devoid of emotion.

"No, she could not." Rome knew Arie and that was the last thing she could have done. Not after meeting the child. Not after falling in love with her.

"Rome, listen to me." Vittorio's voice was stern." There's something wrong with this picture. I don't think you should trust this girl."

"No, you listen, Papa. The baby doesn't change anything-" Rome stopped abruptly as a soft knock sounded on the door and Iyana pushed her head in.

"Your meeting," she whispered, tapping her watch. "You've only got four minutes."

"Thank you." He only mouthed the words and then he was scowling again, his attention focused on his father's words.

"Before you marry her," Vittorio was saying, "I need to meet her. I need to see what kind of woman you're bringing into the family."

"That's not necessary," Rome said, his voice just as firm. "I think you know you can trust me."

"You, I can trust. It's her that I'm worried about. Rome, I know you're a man who makes his own decisions but just humor an old man. Before you walk down the aisle bring her to Italy. Let me see the woman who's so mesmerized my son he can't think straight."

"Fine. If that's what it will take to get you off my back, then you got it." Rome gave a snort. "But you're going to see you're wrong. You'll fall in love with Arie. Just watch."

"That remains to be seen." Vittorio's voice was skeptical. "I just want to figure out if this Arie of yours has any more surprises up her sleeve."

His tone made Rome realize there was no point in continuing the conversation. There was nothing he could say that would make his father change his mind. It was time to wrap this up before both of them got so riled up they ended up saying things they'd later regret.

"Listen, Dad. I've got to go. Time for my meeting."

"All right, son. Let's talk again tomorrow."

The phone call ended on a civil note but several seconds after his father had hung up Rome just sat there, his forehead still furrowed in a frown. It was only when Iyana stuck her head in, this time with her face sporting a frown of her own, that he made any attempt to move.

Because, try as he might, he couldn't shake the thought. What if there was some inkling of reason to what his father had said?

What if Arie held more secrets behind those brilliant blue eyes of hers?

CHAPTER THREE

"Isn't this exciting? We're going to get to see her." Arie was grinning as she gazed over at Rome.

He gave her a quick glance and a slight smile. "I thought you saw her already."

"I did, but she was only five months old then. Now she's all of ten months old." She sighed. "She's such a big girl now. I can only imagine how much she's changed."

"Hmm." That was Rome's reply, a noncommittal response that had Arie tilting her head to get a better look at him.

She couldn't put her finger on it but something was not quite right. As soon as she got the call that she could visit the baby she'd told him about it. He'd insisted on flying her there but since they'd set off he'd seemed preoccupied, even distant, and each time she'd started talking about the baby he'd either been nonresponsive or had changed the subject.

This was one of those non-responsive times.

It made it seem like he was totally uninterested in the conversation but she would try again. Maybe he had a lot on his mind. He might even be nervous about meeting Maya. That must be it. A case of nerves, plain and simple.

"Would you like to name the baby?" she asked, trying to draw him out.

"Hmm?" Rome almost sounded bored.

"Name her. Give her a middle name. I already gave her the name Maya so it would be nice if you chose her middle name."

He shrugged. "Okay."

Arie looked at him askance. "Okay? Is that all you have to say?"

He glanced at her. "What? You want the middle name right now?"

"Well, no, but you could at least sound interested. It's like I'm nagging you or something."

"Your words, not mine."

"So I'm nagging you? Talking about little Maya is nagging?" She gave him the full focus of her glare. "Come, be honest with me. Are you sure you're up to this adoption? Because, if not, nobody's holding a gun to your head. You can always back out."

He threw her a frosty glance. "Don't even go there."

"But I have to. You've been acting so weird, I don't know what to think. I..." She lifted her hand, almost in a pleading gesture, then she dropped it back onto her lap. "I'm sorry, Rome. I didn't mean to upset you. It's just that you've been so cool lately, I don't know what to think."

She glanced over at him, expecting him to defend himself, but he said nothing. She saw when he drew in a breath then let it out. She saw his brows knit as if in deep concentration but still, he said nothing.

Finally, despite the fear that gripped her heart, she decided to ask the questions that would determine the course of the rest of her life. She swallowed. "Rome," she said, her voice low and tight, "do you want out? Are you having second thoughts? Do you want to call off the wedding?"

It was that question that finally got a rise out of him.

She saw when he gripped the armrest between them and his jaw clenched. "Arie," he said, his voice hard as flint, "don't ever ask me a question like that again. That's bull and you know it."

"But I have to know," she threw back at him. "I need to know how you feel. You're not talking. And in the last couple of days you've been so weird."

Rome glanced at Arie then away again but in that quick second she could see the depth of emotion in his eyes. When he spoke his voice was low and firm. "No matter what, Arie, always know this. I love you and there is nothing that will make me walk away from you."

And those words were so simply spoken, but with such conviction, that she could no longer doubt that they were true. Her lips softened in a tremulous smile and she reached out to lay a hand on Rome's shoulder. "And I love you," she said softly. "I love you so much."

He looked at her again and this time, to her relief, he was smiling. "I have the perfect name for our little girl."

Arie's eyes widened. "You do? But I just asked you about it. You haven't had much time to think."

He shook his head. "I don't need to. I want to name her after a very special lady in my life."

"Oh? Who?"

"My grandmother, my nonna. Her name is Agnesia Ismirelda Belaflore Milano.

Arie looked at him askance. "And you want to name Maya...which one?"

Please, God, don't let him say Agnesia. The fact was, Arie didn't like any of the names, but how could she tell Rome that, after she'd jumped on him for not seeming enthusiastic about giving Maya a name?

"Agnesia," he said and gave her a proud grin.

Arie almost fell back in her seat. Never gonna happen. There was no way she was going to name her daughter Agnesia. How could she break it to him? She sucked in her breath. She would just have to be brutal. It was the best way. "Rome," she said with a shake of her head, "I'm sorry but I'm going to have to go back on my word. You are not naming our baby Agnesia."

Instead of the protest she'd expected Rome burst out laughing. "Got you, didn't I? Come on, Arie. Give me some credit. I wouldn't be so sadistic as to saddle a twenty-first century kid with a name like Agnesia."

That made Arie sink into her seat in relief. "Whew! Thank goodness you were only kidding." Then she punched him on the leg. "And don't do that again."

He chuckled. "Oh, come on, honey. A guy can have some fun." Then as he sobered he said, "But I do want to use one of those names."

Arie's grin disappeared. "You do?" It was going to be Ismirelda. She just knew it.

"I'd like to name her Bella. You know, from Belaflore." He gave her a gentle smile. "I know she's going to be bella, just like her mommy."

That made Arie's heart melt. "Aaw, that's so sweet." She leaned over to touch her lips to Rome's cheek. "Thanks, honey."

The mood lightened, for the rest of the journey Rome and Arie exchanged light banter, with Arie teasing him about diaper-changing duty and Rome throwing it right back at her. On the outside she was laughing and g*y but inside she was nervous as heck. Soon she would have Maya in her arms and she didn't know what to expect.

What if the baby didn't like her? What if she cried? What if she refused to even come to her? And, even worse, what if the baby sensed that she knew next to nothing about being a mother?

She glanced at the man sitting beside her. And what about Rome? What did he know about being a father? And then the thought made her smile. Rome would make a wonderful father. She just knew it. She could imagine him holding Maya to his chest, rocking her to sleep, humming soft lullabies as she drifted off into slumber.

Surprisingly, it was that thought that finally put her at ease and for the rest of the journey she was her normal self. With Rome by her side she was sure everything would work out just fine.

And it did. When they finally arrived and Arie walked into the reception lounge of the orphanage Rome was holding her hand, and when the associate escorted them down the hallway to the nursery he was with her every step of the way.

But when they walked in and she saw the nurse holding Maya all dressed in pink, Arie slipped her hand from his, her heart thumping, an involuntary smile on her lips. She was finally seeing her baby again.

And she was beautiful.

Little Maya Bella soon-to-be Milano, all pink-faced and chubby with black curls peeping out from under her bonnet, was smiling and bouncing in the nurse's arms and when she saw Arie approaching she showed no fear, only curiosity. Instead of turning away or crying at the approach of her visitor she bounced even harder, almost jumping out of the nurse's arms. She was like no other ten-month-old Arie had ever seen. By this age most babies had developed a healthy fear of new faces, but not this one. Maya Bella was all smiles.

"My baby," Arie whispered as she crept closer. "My pretty little baby." There were tears in her eyes as she reached for her and her heart breathed a soft sigh of relief when the baby released her grip on the nurse's neck and leaned over to fall into her outstretched arms.

And it felt so good.

It was the most wonderful feeling in the world to have Maya in her arms, to feel the soft cheeks pressed against hers and the tiny hands patting her face, exploring her eyes then the bridge of her nose then her lips. Maya was no longer a memory she'd clung to in the stillness of the night. She was real.

Arie lowered her face to plant a gentle kiss on top of the little girl's head and as she did she was rewarded with the softly sweet fragrance of baby. Her smile widening, she turned with the baby in her arms and looked over at Rome who still hovered in the shadow of the associate. "Do you want to hold her?" she asked.

Rome looked curious and made to step forward but then he hesitated. "Do you think that's a good idea? I might scare her."

The nurse shook her head and gave him a reassuring smile. "Don't worry," she said. "She's one of the most outgoing babies I know. Give it a try. Let's see how she responds."

She waved him over and he took a tentative step, his eyes never leaving the rosy-cheeked tot in Arie's arms. When he saw that he hadn't caused an explosion of tears he took another step and then he was right next to them, his face now soft and gentle, his eyes so full of wonder that Arie could not help but feel touched by the effect the baby was having on him.

"Here," she said. "You can hold her."

He began to shake his head but then the baby made all objections null and void. Taking the decision out of his hands she leaned over, fat little arms outstretched, leaving him with no alternative but to gather her into his arms.

And then he was snuggling her close to him, his eyes closed, looking for all the world like he'd found his heaven.

And that was when Arie knew it was going to be all right. Everything would work out just fine.

Because, if the look she'd seen in Rome's eyes was anything to go by, he was already falling in love. And Arie wasn't jealous at all.

***

"Maya Bella Milano." As the words rolled off his tongue, Rome nodded. "Sounds good."

He was talking to himself but it really didn't matter. He was in a great mood. And who wouldn't be, after meeting a cutie pie like little Maya?

He'd been surprised - no, shocked - when the baby came to him without so much as a second of hesitation. There was not an ounce of shyness in that little one. Just the opposite. She was the one who seemed to be dictating all the moves, her bubbly personality shining through as she alternated between Arie's arms and his, keeping up a constant flow of baby babble.

Not that he understood a word of it, but where he'd started out apprehensive about meeting the child, he'd ended up actually enjoying the time he'd spent with her. He'd thought it would take some time to get used to her - it wasn't like he was around babies all the time - but with Maya it almost felt like he'd known her all her little life.

It was weird but he'd had an immediate connection with her and when it was time to leave he almost couldn't tear himself away.

And neither could Arie. She'd shed tears when it was time to go. "So when can I take her home?" she'd asked as she rocked Maya in her arms.

"It will be soon," the agent said with a smile. "We have to move cautiously with this little one. We've already met with one hiccup in her processing and we want to make sure everything is clear before we move forward. You understand, don't you?"

"Yes, I understand. We have to do what's best for Maya." But even as she nodded Arie was staring at the baby with eyes full of longing. "But how soon can I have her? Please make it soon."

That got her a gentle laugh. "I know you're anxious but give it some more time. Just a few more months. Promise."

"Months." Arie said the word like it was a lament.

That was when Rome stepped in. "The timing is reasonable, Arie. The agency needs to do its job. And besides," he put an arm around her shoulder, "it will give you time to get yourself one hundred percent ready for the baby."

Arie looked up at him, seeming to give his words some thought, and then she sighed. "I guess you're right. I want to make sure everything's perfect for Maya."

And that was how he finally got to pry her away from the prize in her arms.

It was a pensive Arie who traveled back to New Orleans with him next day but when he took her home to Bayou House she gave him a brave smile. "I'll be counting the days," she said, "but at least I'll be counting them with you."

She couldn't have known it but those words made him feel good. She was beginning to rely on him, drawing strength from his presence in her life, and that was exactly what he wanted. He would be there for Arie no matter what, and it seemed she was finally beginning to accept that. And he was glad.

When he drove out of the driveway Rome made the quick decision to swing by his office. It was almost five o'clock, pretty much the end of the workday, but he had a few loose ends to tie up and it wouldn't hurt to get them out of the way so he could start fresh in the morning. He should be exhausted but instead he was feeling restless. He might as well burn up some of that extra energy clearing his desk.

By the time he navigated traffic and pulled up in front of the Belitalia office five o'clock was long gone. With the mood he was in, he didn't mind at all.

Instead of taking the elevator he bounded up the stairs to the third floor then headed for the executive suite. When he saw Iyana standing in front of his office door he pulled up short. "Hey, you're still here? I thought you'd be long gone."

His assistant rolled her eyes. "When have you ever known me to leave office by five o'clock?"

He chuckled. "True. Anyway, get outta here. I'm sure there's a couch at home calling out for you to sprawl off on top of it."

"Yeah, I'm going," she said, stepping away from his door so he could pass.

But then, just as he entered his office and was heading toward his desk she stopped him. "Uh, Rome, may I ask you a question?"

"Shoot," he said as he turned to glance at her. "What's up?"

For the first time since he'd known her, Iyana seemed hesitant. "Forgive me for being nosy," she said, "but the day before you left and you were on the phone, did I hear you say something about a baby?"

That took him by surprise. He wasn't in the habit of discussing his personal life with his employees but, with her direct question, Iyana was challenging that policy. Eyes narrowed, he studied the woman's face. How much exactly had she heard?

"Uh huh," he conceded with a brusque nod. "You heard right." Then he proceeded on his path to his desk. That was as much as he was going to give. As great an assistant as Iyana was, Arie and the baby would not be up for discussion.

"Oh," she said softly, "I thought so." Still, she hesitated in his doorway. "I'm just glad it wasn't my mind playing tricks on me." Then, still looking thoughtful, she turned and walked away.

Rome frowned. Now what the heck was that all about? But then he shrugged and sank into his chair, and Iyana and her question were forgotten in the mountain of paperwork piled on his desk.

That evening Rome didn't leave office until after eight o'clock and by the time he got home, showered and ate he had just enough energy left to climb into bed and crash for the night. With all the meetings he had scheduled, tomorrow would be a long day.

He was in deep sleep, probably drawing his second or third gear, when the ringing of the phone had him jerking awake. He gave an involuntary groan and reached over to grab it before it gave him a headache.

"Hello." His voice was thick with sleep and he blinked, trying to drag himself back to wakefulness. He glanced at the clock on the wall. Three-fifteen in the morning. This had better be damn important.

"Rome, it's your mother. I'm afraid I have bad news."

"Wh...what's wrong?" A sudden fear gripped his heart and his mouth went dry.

"It's your father. He's had a stroke."

"Oh, shit." The word escaped before he could stop it. "How is he? Where is he?"

"He's still at the hospital. He's conscious and the doctor said as long as we keep him stable he should soon be on the road to recovery." Lily Milano gave a shaky sigh. "But he's been asking for you, Rome. Can you come?"

"What kind of question is that? There's nothing that would keep me from Papa's side." As he spoke, Rome was sliding out of bed and padding across the room to his walk-in closet. He would be home only as long as it would take him to throw some clothes into a bag and then he'd be on his way to Italy. His father needed him and he planned to get there as fast as his private jet could take him.

The flight to Italy was like torture for Rome. The plane could not get there fast enough. As soon as they landed he hopped into the waiting car and sped off to the hospital. There, he found his mother, his nonno and nonna, all three of his brothers and one of his sisters. They filled the reception lounge of the hospital's private wing.

He didn't even bother with greetings. He just walked up to his mother and hugged her. "How is he, Mama?" His heart pounding, Rome held his mother tight, afraid of what she would say next.

Lily pulled out of his arms and peered up at him. "It's okay, Rome. You can breathe now. He's been through the worst and is recovering now."

It was only then that Rome exhaled. Then he looked around the room. "So what are all of you doing out here?" he asked. "Shouldn't you be with him?"

Lorenzo shook his head. "Sophia's with him right now. One at a time, they said. We have to take turns going in to see him."

Rome regarded his brother and he could see the tiredness in the younger man's eyes. In fact, they all looked beat. It was obvious they'd suffered during the last several hours, maybe as much as he had. They'd all been doing some serious fretting for the patriarch of the family.

"May I go in next?" As Rome asked the question he glanced at his mother but then he looked over at Lorenzo then at Dante then Marco. When he walked over to Nonno and Nonna they both smiled and pulled him into their arms. He turned to look at Lucia and she gave him a nod.

"Go ahead, Rome," she said, her voice low and grave. "You're the one he wants to see right now."

It was another fifteen minutes before he was able to do as his sister instructed. As soon as Sophia returned to the lounge he gave her a hug and then he was striding down the hallway to his father's private room. There, he found Vittorio propped up on his pillows, his eyes glued to the iPad on his lap.

He came to a halt just inside the doorway where he stood staring at the man who was supposedly at death's door. From the look of things his father was still quite some distance away from said door. Rome had expected to find him on his back, looking frail and helpless. No such thing. Apparently, Vittorio had been knocked down but he was far from out.

Good to know.

"Papa, are you all right?" Rome said as he walked into the room. "And why are you using electronics when you should be resting?" He was frowning as he approached his father's bedside.

"Rome, my boy. You made it to see your old man." Vittorio's face broke into a broad grin. "Why that long face? You didn't think I'd chip out without seeing you first, did you?" Although he was smiling and speaking cheerfully Rome could hear the strain in his voice.

That made his frown deepen. "Papa, you just had a stroke. That's not a joking matter."

"And you always take things too seriously, Rome. Come on. You have to laugh at yourself sometimes." Vittorio was still smiling but at least he had the grace to put away the iPad.

"No," Rome said, still as serious as ever. "There's no reason to laugh, not when you almost lost your life."

That seemed to have the desired effect on Vittorio because his smile wavered and then it faded altogether. "All right, all right," he said with an exasperated sigh. "You had to come in here and be the wet blanket, didn't you?"

Rome reached for the nearby chair, pulled it close to the bed and sat down. "Sorry, Pa. When I got the news it just..." he shook his head, "...scared the hell out of me. Don't get me wrong. I'm glad you can look back and laugh at this but when the news hit me all I could think was...I don't want to lose you." He reached out to take his father's hand. "You're a tough old bull but you're my father. I can't help but worry about you."

Vittorio squeezed Rome's hand. "Thank you, my boy, but no need to worry this time. They say it's a mild stroke so I'll live." Then he grimaced. "The problem is, I'll have to take these cursed pills for the rest of my life."

Rome squeezed back. "You do what you have to do to stay alive and stay strong. We want to have you around for a very long time." Then he gave a low chuckle. "You're not done getting grandkids, you know. You've got a lot to live for."

Instead of agreeing with him Vittorio gave a hrumph then pulled his hand away and folded his arms across his chest. "Grandkids," he said, the laughter gone from his eyes. "And you'll be the next one to give me a grandchild, right? The only thing is, it won't really be yours. It will be one foisted on you by that woman you picked up back in the States."

That made Rome sit back in his chair. He thought he'd put that argument to bed. He couldn't believe it was enough to put fire in Vittorio's eyes. He shook his head. "Let's not talk about that. Right now you need to focus on your recovery. The last thing you need is to get upset-"

"I'm already upset," Vittorio spat. "Who knows? Maybe it's this darned baby thing that put me in the hospital. Why the devil did you have to go pick up a woman saddled with a baby that isn't even hers?"

Rome sucked in his breath, the words like a slap to the face. Vittorio had crossed the line with his stinging remark but Rome would not respond, not just yet, not when his father was lying in a hospital bed just barely recovering from his stroke. Fighting to control his anger, he clenched his teeth and glared at his father who looked like he'd gotten his second wind.

"How much do you know about this girl?" he asked. "First, she bewitched you into a sudden engagement and then all of a sudden she brings a baby into the picture. Next thing you know she'll be telling you she has some past life that could jeopardize your reputation." He frowned. "Did you check if she'd been married before?"

Rome was so pissed he didn't answer. If he opened his mouth he'd probably say something he would regret. He kept his trap shut.

"Why couldn't you have married a nice Italian girl?" Vittorio glared at his son, waiting for an answer.

When Rome finally spoke his voice was cool and stern. "You shouldn't have schooled me in the United States then."

Vittorio's scowl deepened. "I think you're making a big mistake," he said, his voice equally cool. "I hope it's one you won't regret for the rest of your life."

CHAPTER FOUR

Something was not right. Rome had been gone a week and he'd only called three times. Was that the behavior of a man who was in love?

Arie heaved a sigh and slid out of bed. She was being unreasonable, she guessed, but she couldn't help it. She missed him so much.

When he'd called her from Italy to say he'd rushed off because his father had a stroke she totally understood. Then he'd called to tell her his father was at home and making a strong recovery. After that he'd called her only one more time and he'd seemed so preoccupied that she'd asked if everything was okay with his dad. Excellent, he'd said, but then he'd grown silent, almost as if he couldn't think of a thing to say to her. When the conversation ended and she hung up she'd felt the tears sting the corners of her eyes. Something had definitely changed.

Was he having regrets? The baby and the thought of being a father, was it all too much? When he'd met Maya they'd seemed to connect but now that he was far away maybe the glow had faded. He was probably having second thoughts. He'd probably changed his mind about the baby. Maybe about her, too.

"Stop it, stop it, stop it." Arie muttered the words under her breath as she headed for the shower. She was thinking too much. She definitely had to get out of the house.

When she got to Talk of The Town that morning her business partner was already there, bustling about the office. As soon as she saw Arie she jammed her fists on her hips. "You're late," she said with an exaggerated scowl. "Is this the way to run the number one catering company in all of New Orleans?"

Arie grimaced and let her bag strap slide off her shoulder. "It's just one of those days, Lena. I'm not in the mood." With a sigh she trudged past her friend on her way to her office. She saw when Lena glanced at the receptionist but Marilyn had her nose buried in a magazine with Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie on the cover. She wouldn't be surfacing any time soon.

"Hey, what gives?" Lena had followed her to the office and now stood in the doorway, a look of concern on her face. She stepped in then reached behind her to pull the door shut. "What's going on?"

Arie sighed. "I don't know. I just...I just have a feeling that things are falling apart between Rome and me."

Lena's eyes widened. "What in the world do you mean? Are you guys having problems?"

Arie lifted her shoulders then let them fall on a dejected sigh. "That's the thing. I don't know. He's just been so distant. It's weird."

Lena shook her head. "You told me he's going through a rough time. You said his father was seriously ill. Don't you think that would account for the change you see in his behavior?" She walked over and put her arm around Arie's shoulder. "Be sensible. Give the man some space and give him time."

Arie bit her lip and then she nodded. She could always count on Lena to bring her back to her senses. "I guess you're right," she said. "Give him space and give him time." Then she gave her longtime friend a rueful smile. "I was never too strong in the patience department."

Lena squeezed her shoulder. "You'll be okay." When she let go she was smiling. "In fact, you'll be more than okay. We'll knock off early this afternoon and go shopping."

Arie gave Lena a look of puzzlement. Leaving early in the middle of the work week? That was so not Lena. "Shopping?" she asked, her tone skeptical. "On a Wednesday afternoon? What about our clients?"

Lena shrugged. "Wednesday is always the slowest day of the week for us. I don't have any appointments. Do you?"

Arie didn't even have to check. She shook her head. "No, not a one."

"Well, then." It wasn't a question but a declaration. Apparently they were going shopping. "I'll tell Marilyn we're leaving at three. Make sure you're ready."

It must have been that Lena-imposed deadline that did the trick. Just like that, Arie snapped out of her morose mood and before she knew it she was absorbed in the day's task of planning the next eight events which would take place over the next couple of weeks. One of them included a Bar Mitzvah celebratory meal, the first one she'd been asked to cater in her four years of running the business. She wasn't too familiar with Jewish cuisine so she had a lot of preparation to do for this one.

She was so absorbed in her task that when she heard a knock at her door she jumped. She glanced at the clock on her computer screen. Three o'clock already? Where had the time flown?

Lena peeped in. "Still at it? I haven't seen you all day. Don't tell me you worked through lunch."

Arie swiveled around in her chair and gave her partner a guilty smile. "You did say I should make sure to finish by three."

"Yeah, but I didn't say you should starve yourself to do it." She stepped inside then jerked her chin at Arie. "Come on. I'll buy you lunch at the mall."

Arie grinned. "Sounds good to me. I'm starving."

"Says the woman who would have gone on until five o'clock if I hadn't walked in." Lena chuckled as she turned to go. "Be ready in five or I'll drag you out of this office and lock the door."

And she would do it, too. Arie knew Lena so well. They'd been roommates at Duke and had gone on to become partners in Talk Of The Town Catering. Ever since she'd known Lena her friend had been bold and direct, a real go-getter and a woman who knew how to take charge. Even better than that she had a solid business head on her shoulders and, utilizing Arie's cooking skills and event planning expertise, they'd built their business until it was known and respected throughout all of Louisiana.

Every day Arie gave thanks for Lena's presence in her life, not just as a business partner but also as a friend and mentor. If there was anyone who she could turn to for advice it was Lena. Always levelheaded and firm, she knew how to put things in perspective. And when you'd grown up in foster care and had no family to turn to, a friend like that was more precious than gold.

Half an hour later Arie and Lena were strolling along, browsing the shops at Lakeside Mall.

"I know a special little miss who'll be joining you soon," Lena said. "You've got tons of shopping to do."

Arie laughed. "She's the best excuse I ever had for playing truant. Let's go see what the kids' stores have to offer."

They picked up a few pieces of baby gear in Gymboree and Mimi's Kids Boutique but it was when Lena suggested they leave the mall and check Zuka Baby in the Lower Garden District that Arie really got her shopping groove on. There were so many cute little baby girl outfits that she didn't know which to choose. In her excitement she ended up grabbing far more outfits than Maya would ever wear. Once again it was Lena, the voice of reason, who rescued her from herself.

"But this one's so cute," she wailed as Lena tugged a pink and white polka dot dress from her fingers.

"Yes, but you already have a polka dot one in that stack of yours. No need to deplete the store's inventory."

Arie heaved an aggrieved sigh. "All right. You win." Then she gave her friend a fake frown and a crooked grin. "But don't think I'm taking you along next time I go shopping."

Lena put her hands up, palms facing forward, and shook her head. "Hey, after today you're on your own."

That evening Arie bid Lena goodbye and drove out of the mall with a car packed with baby gear and a heart that was happy and light. A shopping spree had been the perfect medicine to get her out of the doldrums. Now all she wanted to do was get home and go through the tons of baby girl stuff she'd bought. What better way to spend the evening?

She was still smiling and humming to herself as she pulled off the main road and drove the half-mile through the quiet neighborhood toward her home. Just as she'd done hundreds of times before, she swung off the tree-lined street and turned down the gravelly road that led to her home.

But this time as she turned into her driveway her heart did a little leap of shock. But it was a good shock, an unexpected and truly wonderful surprise.

There, parked in the middle of her driveway, was Rome's black Maserati.

Arie's face broke into a wide grin. Her beloved Rome was home.

***

Rome heard the soft rumble of the engine just before Arie's BMW drove up the driveway toward the house. He shifted out of his slouched position, straightened and glanced in the rearview mirror just in time to see her car rolling in behind his. As he watched, she waved and gave him an infectious grin that had him smiling back. With the mood he was in his half smile was a poor response to her joyful greeting but he was doing his best.

He was happy to see her, that was without doubt. The problem was, no matter how hard he tried he just could not shake himself out of his persistently pensive mood. It was no mystery why he was feeling so low. He'd been like this ever since that talk with his father, the one where he'd felt like punching him in the mouth or at least giving him a generous piece of his mind. But this was his father and he'd just suffered a stroke. There was no way he was going to do anything that could mess up his recovery.

But Vittorio had been so vehemently against Arie that Rome knew he had some serious decisions to make. But not now. He was back in the United States, far away from family and again with Arie, and all he wanted to do was forget about the conflict and lose himself in her embrace.

Within seconds she was at his door, tapping on the glass, drawing him out of his reverie. "You're home," she said, beaming as she bent to peer at him. "You didn't tell me you were coming."

He gave her a careful smile. "I wanted to surprise you." When he looked up at her as she bent to him, the setting sun forming a halo behind her golden hair, he was struck once again by her sheer beauty.

But it wasn't just her physical beauty that had him entranced. It was her inner beauty as well. How many single women would have taken the huge leap of faith to take an orphan into their home and into their heart? She wasn't the only one, he knew, but she was one of the few. It would not be easy, juggling work and a home and an infant all on her own. But still, that never swayed her determination to help.

More than that, she would have stood by her commitment to the child even at the risk of losing him. He should probably feel insulted but instead all he felt for her was admiration.

"You're coming or what?" Arie pulled his door open and stepped back as she gazed at him expectantly.

He grinned up at her. "I'm coming," he said and got out of the car to draw her close and wrap his arms around her. She felt so good pressed against him, her body so warm and soft. He dipped his face to the fragrant cloud of her hair. "I missed you," he said, his voice rough with emotion. "Too much."

She sighed and leaned into him, pressing her face against his chest. "I missed you, too," she murmured, "more than you could imagine. I'm so glad you're home."

Home. He liked the sound of that. The emotions swelling inside him, he pressed his lips to the top of her head in a gentle kiss that was full of feeling. "I'm glad, too."

But then, as if another thought crossed her mind, Arie pulled back and peered up into his face. "So why didn't you call?" she asked and there was a slight pout to her lips that told him she was peeved. "You were gone more than a week and I only heard from you three times."

Rome gave her a rueful smile. "I'm sorry, honey. There was a lot going on." Then his arms tightened around her. "But you were on my mind the whole time. You know that, don't you?"

Her brows fell and she gave him a look of suspicion. "Are you sure?"

He chuckled. "One hundred percent. You can ask my sisters."

"Your sisters? How would they know?" Arie cocked her head in that cute way of hers and gave him a look that said he'd gone bonkers.

"They know," he said, his smile deepening, "because I couldn't keep your name off my lips. Do you know how many times I called them Arie?"

That made her laugh. "Are you serious?"

"As a judge," he said as he watched her frown give way to mirth. "You know you're in it deep when you can't even remember your sisters' names. It was you on my mind the whole time, Arie. Only you." When a soft blush rose in her cheeks and she dropped her eyes he knew he was embarrassing her. And that was one of the other things he loved about her. As beautiful as she was, she had every reason to be confident in her hold on him. But no, she had a sweet modesty that always touched him.

Taking pity on her, he decided to change the subject. "Looks like you had a busy day at the office. You're usually home earlier than this."

That made her look up at him with eager eyes. "No way," she said. "In fact, I knocked off early to go shopping. Come look." She stepped back and grabbed his hand then proceeded to drag him toward her car.

And that was when he saw the piles of bags and boxes in the backseat, on the floor, in the passenger's seat and when she opened the trunk, in there, too. He pulled up short. "What happened? Where'd you get all this stuff?" His jaw gone slack, he turned to look at her. "Did you buy all this in one day?"

She had the grace to give him a guilty look. "I got carried away." And then she brightened. "But look, I got the cutest little dresses for Maya Bella. I'll show you." And before he could budge she'd flung open the back door and was pulling out bags stuffed with clothes in pink, white, yellow, and flowery patterns that had his eyes crossing.

She was pulling a polka dot dress from one of the bags when he stopped her. "Wait. Let's take this inside. I have a feeling this is going to take a while."

And, true to his word, it did. After Arie moved the car, pulling right up to the front door, Rome spent the next ten minutes going back and forth between the car and the living room, transporting bags, boxes and even a cardboard tube. "What's in this?" He held it up as he dropped an overflowing Gap Kids bag onto the sofa.

Arie looked up from where she sat on the floor, legs splayed, as she carefully opened boxes and laid her 'darling' outfits on the coffee table, putting them all on display. "Oh, that's a picture I'm going to frame. It's a hummingbird drinking from a bottle. It will be so cute in the nursery. Open it."

"In a sec," he said, dropping it on top of the already overcrowded sofa. "There's still a lot more to bring in, remember? Let me at least get the stuff in before nightfall." He was shaking his head as he turned to go back outside but he was smiling, too. Arie had already turned her attention back to the baby clothes, not even sparing him another glance. Every time she opened a new package her eyes lit up and her lips spread in a smile. She was happy and that was the best home coming gift he could ever want.

After he'd emptied the car Arie took a break just long enough to whip him up a grilled cheese and tuna sandwich. "That's it?" he asked, feigning disappointment. "Is this all I get from my gourmet caterer of a fiancee? What about the filet mignon? What happened to grilled salmon?"

She laughed. "You'll get that tomorrow. Right now we have more important things to do, like sorting all of Maya's things."

He gave an exaggerated groan but then he flopped down on the one free chair in the room, sandwich in hand, and chomped down on the morsel that was so delicious he had to lick a finger when it was all gone. He'd been teasing Arie when he grumbled about the grilled cheese and tuna sandwich. She knew it was his favorite and she made sure the house was never out of the stuff.

His hunger pangs assuaged, he took his plate to the kitchen and when he got back he stuffed his hands in his pockets and surveyed the living room. There were baby girl clothes and knick-knacks spread out on every available surface. He shook his head. "One thing's for sure," he said with a crooked grin. "Maya Bella won't ever have to worry about what to wear to baby daycare."

Arie smiled then reached up to release her hair from the band she'd used to hold it in a ponytail. She let the blonde curtain cascade around her shoulders then reached her hands up to massage her nape, a move that made the fullness of her br**sts swell against the soft fabric of her blouse.

As simple and as innocent as it was, that move was a keen reminder that food wasn't the only thing he'd been hungering for. Arie had sidetracked him with all this baby business but now he wanted to focus on her.

He gave her a slow smile. "C'mere," he said. "For all the work you've given me, you owe me a kiss."

But Arie did the unexpected. Instead of running into his arms like he thought she would she shook her head and laughed. "No way, tuna breath. No kisses for you."

"What? You're denying me?" He was doing his best to sound offended but he was failing miserably. When his chuckles spoiled it he knew, where acting was concerned, he would never make the grade. Any hopes he had of giving Orlando Bloom a run for his money were hopelessly dashed.

"Sorry," she said with a grin, not looking sorry at all. But then she took pity on him and came over to wrap her arms around his waist and gaze up into his eyes. "You know I love you, don't you?"

Slowly, he nodded. "I know you do," he said softly, "but not as much as I love you."

That made her shake her head and smile. "Not possible."

He responded with a smile of his own but behind that smile was a maelstrom of turbulent thoughts. There was something he had to do, something he had to say. He only hoped Arie would go along with it.

"I'll prove it," he said, his smile dissolving in the seriousness of the moment.

She cocked her head to one side. "How?"

"I want to take you to Italy with me. A week from today. To meet my parents."

Her eyes widened in surprise. "But I thought you said...later...at the wedding?"

He shook his head. "No. I want you to meet them now. It's very important."

That made her frown. "Why?"

"I..." He'd been about to say, because I need them to know you the way I know you, I need them to see who you really are. But he didn't. Arie would never understand. "I just think it's time."

He'd thought that explanation would be enough. After all, it was expected that he would present his bride-to-be to his family. Surely she would understand that.

But when he looked into her eyes, instead of acceptance and instead of understanding, what he saw there was fear. And for the life of him he couldn't understand why.

Which, as much as he tried to fight it, lit a spark of apprehension inside him. Was it possible that his father had guessed right? Did Arie have something to hide?

CHAPTER FIVE

"Arie, they're calling you to the front. Hurry up."

"Huh?" She whipped around when she heard her name. "What?"

Farah, who'd been working the event with her all afternoon, put a hand on her boss's shoulder and turned her toward the banquet hall. "They want to thank you for your impeccable service. They loved it. Now go on before they change their minds."

To the sound of applause and a little shove from Farah, Arie stumbled into the room then drew in a quick and steadying breath and pasted a broad smile on her face. She hadn't been prepared for this one bit. It wasn't every day the caterer was called on for special acknowledgement.

Still, one had to rise to the occasion so, straightening her back and holding her head high, she walked with confidence and poise like this sort of attention was no big deal whatsoever.

To her surprise, New Orleans Lighting Company presented her with an elegant plaque on which her company name and logo were engraved, right above a declaration that Talk Of The Town represented service 'par excellence'. She'd catered their conference every year for the past five years, never once expecting greater thanks than the knowledge that they were satisfied. Still, it felt good knowing they appreciated her enough to give her special recognition.

She gave the briefest of acceptance speeches - later she wouldn't even be able to remember a word of it - and fled back to the comfort of her catering team, all twelve of them applauding along with the diners as she exited the room.

"Whew," she breathed as she slipped past Farah and Paul and handed her plaque to her head chef. "Here, Marcel, take care of this for me, will you? I've been so distracted all day I don't want to lose it."

"You got it, boss," the lanky man said with a grin. "Wouldn't want you sticking it in the oven, right?"

At his words her entire crew burst out laughing and all Arie could do was throw them a haughty glare and flounce off down the hallway toward the kitchen.

Yeah, she'd been distracted all right, and they had every reason to laugh. Why wouldn't they, when she'd been making dumb mistakes all afternoon, the worst of which was when she'd been busy giving directions to one of the servers and stuck the centerpiece in the oven. It was Farah who rescued the unfortunate flowers from a fiery fate.

It was a wonder the event had gone so smoothly, what with the leader of the team feeling like her mind had gone for a walk and left her body to fend for itself. And it was all Rome Milano's fault.

Arie was grumbling to herself as she gathered up her things. She had to get out of there. She needed space to think. After giving her staff clean-up instructions she bid them a hasty goodbye and headed for her car. Maybe a drive on the highway would air her head out. Better yet, maybe she should just go home.

But, creature of habit that she was, before she realized it Arie was pulling into the parking lot of her office. She shook her head then gave a sigh of resignation. She was too distracted to even play hooky. So sad.

That left her with only one thing to do - go on in and drown her fears in work, work and more work. Her plan backfired, though, because when she walked in Lena was waiting for her, a look of concern on her face. "Let's go into my office," she said as soon as Arie walked in. "We need to talk."

Arie was tempted to roll her eyes but instead she followed her business partner, her demeanor as meek as a lamb. She knew it would be useless to fight. When Lena wanted answers, Lena got answers, and that was that.

"What's going on?" The words were out of her mouth before Arie's bottom even touched the chair. "You've been like Alice in Wonderland these past couple of days. Something's going on. Spill it."

Arie grimaced and shook her head then opened her mouth to speak. She didn't get far.

"And don't give me your usual story that everything's okay and it's nothing. Farah called me. She told me what happened at the luncheon."

Arie frowned. She wouldn't have tagged the girl as a tattletale. She could only hope she hadn't told Lena everything. "What did she tell you?" she asked, dreading the answer.

"Everything," Lena replied, her tone like the perfect school marm. "The forgotten napkin rings, the 'little-girl-lost' look and the baked flowers."

"They weren't baked. They were rescued in time."

"Just barely." Lena's brows fell. "And they shouldn't need rescuing, either. What's going on, Arie? Where's your head?"

It was the hint of frustration in Lena's voice that made Arie decide to give in. She would break her vow of silence because, in all fairness to her partner, she had to explain her bad behavior. And besides, she needed to get things off her chest. She needed to talk.

She drew in her breath then let it out on a sigh. "I'm in trouble, Lena." She said the words like they were a death sentence. "Big time."

That made Lena's brows lift in surprise then the concern returned to her eyes. "What is it? Let me know so I can help."

Arie shook her head. "Sorry. You can't help me with this one. When you've got a test to take you can't take your friends along. You've got to deal with it by yourself. You know how it is."

"No, I don't know how it is. Now stop confusing the heck out of me and tell me what you mean."

Arie shook her head again and gave her friend a wry smile. "Want to go to Italy with me?"

"Say what?"

"I said, do you want to go to Italy with me? Rome wants me to go to Italy to meet his family and I'm scared out of my wits." Arie was not ashamed to admit she was the biggest coward this side of New Orleans. "I don't wanna go," she wailed and gave Lena a pout that would compete with any two-year old's.

"I don't get it. Why wouldn't you want to go? It's not like you're some bum Rome would need to keep hidden till after the wedding." Lena gave a snort. "You're a saint. What have you got to be scared of?"

Arie shrugged then turned her palms up like she was already accepting defeat. "What if they don't like me? What if I'm not good enough for their son?" Then, as the most worrying thought filled her mind, she folded her arms across her chest. "What if they have a problem with my baby?"

That made Lena fold her arms, too, but instead of the words of sympathy Arie was expecting, the next words she heard were a reprimand. "And what if they do?" her friend asked. "You're not going to abandon your child or your fiancee because of that, are you?"

"No, of course not," Arie snapped. "What kind of dumb question is that?"

"I'm glad you think it's dumb." Lena's eyes flashed as she leaned forward. "Whether they like it or not, you've got a child. Going to Italy and dealing with them now is the best thing you could do. Get it out in the open. You want absolutely no surprises at your wedding."

Arie thought about that for a moment. Lena was right, of course. Practical as ever, she believed in a full frontal attack on all problems. "Okay, L, as much as I hate the idea I'll go."

Lena gave a satisfied nod. "You do that," she said. "Just be brave. Whatever will be will be."

Arie gave her a grudging nod. She only hoped that whatever would be wasn't that Rome would end up choosing his family over her and Maya.

She'd be going to Italy with all fingers and toes crossed.

***

"Are you okay?" Rome reached over and rested his hand on top of Arie's.

Trying hard to look composed, Arie swallowed then she nodded. "Of course," she said quickly. "Why wouldn't I be?" But her voice was hoarse and just a little bit shaky. Far from convincing, she was forced to admit. She cleared her throat and tried again. "I'm fine," she said and this time her voice was firm, even if strained.

Rome's eyes narrowed as he regarded her. "You don't sound fine and you don't look fine, either." He let her hand go but only so he could shift the loose strands from her face and tuck them behind her ear. Then his hand covered hers again. "Nervous?"

That made her give a shaky chuckle. "Can you tell?"

His smile deepened. "It's more than obvious," he said, his tone soft and totally nonjudgmental, "but that's okay. You're going to a new country to meet your family-to-be. Who wouldn't be nervous? Heck, if I were in your place I'd be shaking in my shoes."

She couldn't help rolling her eyes over that one. "Yeah, right. You? Scared?"

"Hey, that's a sexist remark. What? Men can't get scared?" He gave her a look that said he was deeply offended, so offended that she had to laugh.

"You'd better fix that pout or I'll have to kiss you till you're blue," she threatened.

That got rid of the pout, all right, because his face immediately broke into a wide grin. "Bring it on, babe. You can punish me any time."

It must have been the fact that they were thirty thousand feet up in the air or maybe it was her taut nerves snapping. Arie didn't know what came over her. Before the words were even out of Rome's mouth she'd unsnapped her seatbelt and was leaning over to clasp his face in her hands. Then, like she'd been starving for this all day, she captured his lips with hers and kissed him like she would never get enough.

And he answered in kind. Rome unsnapped his seatbelt, too, and he lifted the armrest between them then he was pulling her over and onto his lap where he turned the tables on her, taking full control of the kiss so she was soon gasping and clinging to him.

It was exactly what Arie needed to take her mind off her impending troubles. As Rome's lips molded to hers she melted into him, letting his tongue slide into her softness, drawing strength from his embrace.

"Would you like some w...Oops! Sorry, sir. Ma'am."

Arie jumped and drew back just in time to see the navy-blue drapes closing. "Wha...who was that?"

When she glanced back at Rome he was smiling. "Well, we gave the kid an eyeful, that's for sure."

"The flight attendant..." She gave Rome a guilty grin. "I forgot you've got an attendant on this flight. Somehow I keep thinking - private jet, nobody but us and the pilots." Then she shrugged. "If I'd remembered I probably wouldn't have attacked you like that. Sorry."

"I'm not. In fact, I don't mind if you attack me again, right about...now." On the last word he dipped his head to nibble on her ear, sending sparks shooting right down to that now tingling tip between her legs.

"Oh, no, you don't." Before he could turn her on even more Arie slid off his lap and plopped back into her seat then folded her hands in her lap like a good little girl. "We're going to behave like mature adults. No more hanky-panky on the plane."

He heaved an exaggerated sigh of disappointment. "You certainly know how to kill a man's flow." Then he cocked his head to one side. "Seriously, we've got three more hours to go before we get there. Are you telling me that I'm going to have to sit over here and keep my hands to myself? Where's the fun in that?"

Arie shrugged. "We passed the first part of the flight watching movies. Now we can talk."

"Boring," he teased but he shut up when she reached over and punched him on the arm. "All right, all right. I'll talk. God, the abuse I have to put up with."

"I want to know more about you," she said. "Fill me in on everything before we get to Italy. I don't want your family giving me the third degree and not be able to handle it."

Rome looked at her like she was making a mountain out of a molehill. "What else is there to know? The real question is, what's there about me that you don't know."

"A lot," she said without hesitation. "I mean, I know a lot about you as an adult. Who you are now, your business and all that stuff. But what about when you were a kid? You haven't told me much about that."

"You want to know about my childhood?" Rome shook his head then put a hand over his mouth and gave an exaggerated yawn. "Double boring."

"I doubt it," Arie said drily. "You, the son of a mega-wealthy Italian family? Boring, your childhood was not. I'll bet money on that."

"Don't be so quick to bet on it, kid. I've got witnesses."

"Oh, come on, Rome. Talk to me. Give me all the juicy tidbits about what made you tick."

"All right," he conceded with a hint of frustration, "but when you start snoring I'm going to kiss you awake, flight attendant or no flight attendant."

Arie laughed. "Deal. Now start talking."

And that was how she found out what a troublemaker the man she loved used to be. Thank goodness she'd met him after he'd passed through that phase. As a boy he'd been the devil incarnate, teasing his sisters nearly to death and bossing his brothers till they had to gang up on him. His father tried to curb him but he'd rebelled and that was when they'd shipped him off to finish high school in the United States. While the other children had remained behind in Italy with their mother he'd gone with his father to their new offices in America.

"But didn't you miss your family?" Arie couldn't help asking.

"Sure I did and I went home to Italy every chance I got. But I was a rambunctious teenager and I needed curbing. Having my father focus all his attention on me straightened me out real fast, I can tell you that." He was shaking his head as he spoke then he gave a soft chuckle. "At first I did everything I could to frustrate the old man, make him send me home, but it was no use. He was determined to bring me in line and he's a tough old goat." He gave a snort. "You don't want to get on the wrong side of that one."

The words made Rome laugh but instead of amusement what Arie felt was a frisson of fear. Was this premonition? A warning of what was to come? If she'd been scared of Rome's family before, now she was one step closer to terrified.

"Uhm, is he still like that?" she dared to ask. It made sense for her to be prepared.

"Worse." Rome leaned over to give her a soft peck on the cheek. "But don't worry. He's going to fall in love with you just like I did."

"I wish," was Arie's answer, and it was laced with all the doubt she was feeling just then. But it was only a whisper and she knew he didn't hear her..

Which was a good thing because she had no idea how she would explain the nagging dread that his family would not like her, not one bit.

CHAPTER SIX

"Do we have to go now?" Arie took another sip of her orange juice then began to toy with her spoon.

She and Rome had arrived way past bedtime Italian time so instead of heading straight to his family home he'd booked a suite at Regina Hotel Baglioni so Arie could get some rest. She'd been more than relieved at that plan but now it was time to face the music.

Rome had already finished breakfast. He reached over and took the fork from her. "Yes, we have to go now. We didn't fly all the way to Italy to spend our days in a hotel."

"Well, it's a pretty nice hotel," she said as she reluctantly took his hand and got up to go.

"Agreed," he said with a chuckle, "and we'll come back and enjoy it some other time. Right now, though, we have places to go and people to see."

Arie knew if she dragged her feet any more it would begin to look bad so she straightened her back and put on her game face. No way was she going to let anyone be able to call her a wimp, even if she felt like she was being led to the gallows.

The Alfa Romeo ate up the road too fast for her liking and long before she felt ready they were pulling onto the grounds of an elegant estate in the middle of which sat a majestic home that had her mouth falling open. She'd expected a home worthy of the Milano name but what she saw far exceeded her expectations. It wasn't a home. It was a freakin' castle.

"Wow," she breathed. "You grew up here?" Arie couldn't even begin to imagine what it must have been like, growing up in the midst of all that wealth. The house - if you could call it a house - looked big enough to accommodate ten families. You could easily live in one wing and not run into the rest of your family for a week.

"Yeah," Rome said with a shrug. "Boring." Then he hopped out of the car and went to open her door. "Come on, let's go in."

"What about our bags?" Arie asked, fishing around for an excuse to delay their entry.

"Don't worry about it. One of the staff will bring those in. Now, come on."

At that point there was nothing to be done but leave the refuge of the car and head on in. "All right," she said on a sigh. "I'm right behind you."

When Rome gave her his hand she clung to it like it was a lifeline. As they walked toward the main entrance she was holding on so tight that he looked down at her. "You okay?"

Arie nodded and gave him a pseudo-brave smile, wondering why he had to look so darned eager. But then she dismissed the thought. This was his family he was going to see. Of course he'd be looking forward to it.

She, on the other hand, had no experience with family gatherings. How could she when all she'd known was the life of a lowly card in a deck, shuffled from foster home to foster home till she'd been shoved out on her own the day she turned eighteen.

She was used to being on her own. In fact, she'd grown to like it - except, of course, when the holidays came around. That was the only time she found herself wishing she had a family. And soon she would have one, the perfect one, when she had Maya in her arms and Rome by her side as her husband. That was all the family she would ever need.

But when she married Rome she'd be marrying his family, too. They would be hers, like it or not. Assuming they even accepted her...

But those were the thoughts of a defeatist and Arie was no loser. She would face this family head on and they'd better love her or else. "Hurry up, slow poke," she said as she tugged on Rome's arm. His smile told her he was surprised and pleased at her change in demeanor. "Let's go show your family what a gem of a woman you've found."

"Now you're talking my language. I can't wait to show you off."

His words giving her a shot of confidence, Arie was smiling as they approached the main entrance. The door was opened by a diminutive woman in glasses that looked too big for her face.

"Signora Luca." Rome gave the woman a hug then turned to pull Arie forward. "Please meet my fiancee. This is her first visit to Italy."

"Benvenuto, signorina." Signora Luca gave Arie a deferent bow but her smile was warm and her dark eyes twinkled in her softly wrinkled face. "I hope you will enjoy Italy."

Arie smiled back, glad for the pleasant welcome. "I'm sure I will."

The signora nodded then turned her attention back to Rome. "Your mother and sisters are in the green room. They are anxious to see you."

"We're on our way," Rome said and took Arie's hand then he was leading her down a hallway that could only be described as palatial.

"The green room?" she asked, curiosity getting the better of her.

"My mother absolutely loves gardening. The room was designed to remind her of the gardens she used to have back in Sicily when she was a young girl. As you can imagine, the room's got lots of green." He gave her a sly grin. "Be warned."

It was a good thing he put her on notice. When they entered the room Arie was so surprised she almost came to a halt. It was like she'd stepped into the Garden of Eden. When she'd heard of the green room she'd expected to see the walls in that hue but there was no such thing. Instead, the walls were a softly elegant shade of ivory accentuated by wainscoting of deep mahogany. The striking thing was the abundance of plants that filled the space. There were palms, tall and elegant in the corners and soft ferns in charming pots hanging from the ceiling. Vases of fresh-cut flowers adorned the side tables, adding brilliant bursts of color to the scene. But it was the centerpiece that drew Arie's attention. In the middle of the room was a low glass table on which sat the biggest bouquet she'd ever seen, an explosion of red, pink, white, blue and orange, a floral celebration of color that could compete with the most brilliant of fireworks.

She was so entranced by the scene that it was a moment before she noticed the woman, tall and regal, standing by the piano and regarding her with cool, dark eyes. In fact, there were two more of them, a brown-haired beauty sitting on a sofa by the window with a younger-looking woman who now hopped up to greet her.

"Hello," she said as she approached. "I've heard so much about you, Arie. I'm Sophia, Rome's sister."

Arie almost sighed her relief out loud. A friendly greeting. It seemed that she was off to a good start. Gratefully, she took the girl's outstretched hand. "Pleased to meet you, Sophia."

But her relief was short-lived because now it was time for her to meet the matriarch and Mrs. Milano did not look happy at all. It wasn't that Rome's mother looked unpleasant. On the contrary, there wasn't even a hint of a frown on her face. But she wasn't smiling, either, and that said a lot. As she approached she seemed cautious. Aloof, even. Arie could tell that this woman wasn't going to accept her as quickly as her daughter had. It was obvious that she wasn't getting close until she'd had a chance to feel Arie out.

"Welcome to Italy, Miss Angelis," she said as she reached out to take Arie's hand. "I'm glad we're finally getting a chance to meet." Emphasis on the word finally. Obviously, she'd had many a conversation with Rome about his intended. Arie could just imagine the questions that had flown. Who was she? What kind of woman was she? What was her background? Was she of good stock? Mrs. Milano looked like the type for whom those things would be of the utmost importance.

But Arie refused to be intimidated. The woman wanted cool? Well, she could be that and more. "Thank you, Mrs. Milano. I'm happy to meet you, too." Now that was a lie if there ever was one but she could play nice just as well as anyone. And, for the sake of her beloved, she would play nice. Only for Rome.

"And I'm Lucia." Miss Brown Hair had come to join her mother and, just like the older woman, she was regarding Arie with a look that could only be described as wary.

"Pleased to meet you." Arie took the proffered hand and gave it a shake that said she was here and she wasn't going anywhere soon. She didn't know where she'd gotten this newfound bravado but, no matter how she was quaking inside, she would never give them the pleasure of seeing her sweat.

She got a reprieve when Rome stepped forward to gather his mother and then his sisters in big bear hugs. "Where's Papa?" he asked as soon as he'd released them. "I want him to meet Arie right away. He's going to love her."

Yeah, like your mom and sisters love me? It was a good thing Rome couldn't read minds or else her thoughts would deflate him for sure. When he'd said he couldn't wait to show her off he hadn't been joking. She could see it in his goofy grin and the way he kept looking at her like she was some kind of trophy he'd brought home to show his family.

She should be flattered, she knew, and she was touched by his pride in her. She really was. She just wished he would take off his rose-colored spectacles and see that he was the only one going crazy over her. Maybe then he would wrap up the visit real fast so they could beat a hasty retreat back to New Orleans.

"Your father is waiting for you," his mother said. "He's in the library."

"Great. Let's go, honey." He took Arie's hand and they were off again, barely giving her enough time to take proper leave of his mother and sisters.

"Slow down, will you?" she whispered fiercely as she tried to pull her hands from Rome's grasp. "What's your hurry?"

"Oh, sorry. I forgot how tiny you are. Your little legs can't keep up, can they?"

"Hey, you. Take that back. My legs are long enough, thank you very much."

"Then what's the problem?"

"You're just moving too fast. We'll get to see your father soon enough. Just slow down a bit. Let me see the house."

Rome kept on walking but he slowed down and shook his head. "All of a sudden you're interested in this old house."

Glad for the slower pace, she began to breath just a little bit easier. "I love old houses," she said with a shrug. "Sue me."

That got her an equally smart response from Rome. "You keep it up, Missy. You'll get your spanking soon enough."

Perverse creature that she was, Arie could hardly wait for 'soon enough'. Except that the 'soon enough' that came first was their arrival at the library.

"Come in." The voice that answered Rome's knock was big and booming, not at all the voice of a man who'd recently had a stroke. The man sounded as sturdy as a bull.

When Rome opened the French doors he stepped aside so Arie could precede him, which was the polite thing to do. Pity it made her feel like he was sending her on to be the sacrifice.

"So this is Aristotle Angelis." Vittorio Milano was an imposing figure, stout and tall, with a shock of jet-black hair streaked with gray. He came forward to meet her and, like his wife, his words were pleasant enough but somehow the greeting didn't quite meet his eyes. "Rome told me you were named after the wise Greek himself. Interesting. It's part of why I've been waiting so eagerly to meet you. What took you so long to pay us a visit?"

"The time was...not right until now." What kind of a question was that, anyway? She couldn't just drop in like an old friend. She'd had to wait until Rome was ready. Not that she'd been in any hurry.

"Well, I'm glad to finally lay eyes on you. Rome has been talking about you nonstop." Vittorio took Arie's hand in a grip that almost made her snatch it away. Didn't the man know his own strength?

"You're looking good, Pa." As soon as his father had released Arie Rome stepped forward to embrace him in a hearty hug. "All is good?"

"All's good and things are even better now that this little lady is here."

"Oh?" Rome cocked an eyebrow but then he gave his father a knowing smile. "You like her already, don't you? I told you she was irresistible."

"Yes, yes," Vittorio said, sounding almost impatient. "Now leave us alone for a while. I want Miss Angelis all to myself."

Rome shook his head. "Oh, no, you don't. You're not getting a chance to fill her in on all my dirty little habits."

"No such thing, my boy, no such thing. I just want to get a chance to know her, that's all." As he spoke he was turning Rome toward the door then he gave him a little shove. "Now go spend some time with your mother so Aristotle and I can talk."

And, as easy as that, the wily man got rid of Rome, closing the door firmly behind him. Then he turned back to face Arie and that was when she knew she was in deep doo.

"Now, little lady," Vittorio said as he folded his arms across his chest, "what are you up to? What are you doing with my son?"

CHAPTER SEVEN

"What's Pa up to?" Rome made to get up but again his mother put a hand on his shoulder.

"Have another biscotti. You look so thin."

"Ma, stop clucking over me. I look fine and you know it." He glanced down the hallway. "They've been talking for over ten minutes."

"Which is such a short time for your father to get to know your fiancee. I'm sure they have a lot to talk about. In fact," she got up and produced her handbag from God knew where, "let's give them some space. Can you run me out on the road for a little while? You and I have some catching up to do, too."

"What? Now?" Rome had to fight to keep the annoyance out of his voice. "Can't we do that some other time?"

"No, now Rome. Can't you tear yourself away from your fiancee for a little while? Not even to spend some time with your mother?" She gave him a look filled with hurt but he could tell it was exaggerated. "Is this how it's going to be from now on?"

Rome gave her a grimace but he got to his feet. "All right, let's go," he said grudgingly. "But I don't want to stay long. I don't want Pa grilling Arie too long. Fifteen minutes, that's all I can give you."

But it turned out that Rome was gone a lot longer than that. He'd thought his mother wanted to pick something up at a nearby store but instead she directed him onto the autostrada, telling him there was a friend she absolutely had to see today. It would be a quick visit, she promised. She would just run in and run out but it was an old friend of the family who she knew would love to see him.

When Rome pulled up in front of the sprawling home he turned off the engine, folded his arms across his chest and sat back in his seat. Then he fixed his mother with a scowl that would leave her in no doubt about how he felt about the trick she'd played on him.

"Really, Ma?" he asked when she looked away, a sly smile curling her lips. "You had to go there?"

Lily Milano had the grace to look embarrassed. "I'm sorry, Rome, but I knew you wouldn't have come if I'd told you where I was going."

"You're right about that one," he said. "So did you really have something to do here or was that a trick, too?"

"No, there's something I have to pick up. Honestly." She pulled her purse onto her lap. "But you'll need to come in, too. I told Daniela you'd be dropping by."

"What the devil?" Rome could not believe his mother. "Why would you do something like that?"

"Please, Rome, let's not fight over this. You're already here so you may as well come in with me." She opened the door and, not waiting for him to help, she got out and began to walk toward the house. "And please don't lag behind."

For several seconds Rome could only sit there, shaking his head. That was his mother, an expert in getting what she wanted when she wanted. She'd pulled such tricks on his father a couple of times. He just hadn't expected her to pull that sort of thing on him.

Despite the fact that he'd flown his fiancee all the way from the United States to meet his family his mother had gone and tricked him into dropping by the house of his ex. Trust Lily Milano to pull a crazy stunt like that. What did she think? That seeing Daniela would make him change his mind?

But, as she'd said, he was already here so there was nothing to be done but go inside and act civil. He couldn't very well sit there like he was hiding out in the car.

With a sigh of annoyance Rome got out of the car and slammed the door shut then he followed his mother into the home of Daniela Scalise, the woman he'd broken up with just over a year earlier. Before he'd even rung the bell the door opened and there, looking as stunningly beautiful as ever, stood Daniela.

"Rome. Long time no see. Come in." Before he could object she'd flung the door wide and was waving him in like she was used to seeing him on her doorstep. She was acting like it wasn't the first time they'd crossed paths since they'd parted ways so many months earlier.

Slowly, cautiously, he made his way into the room. The only reason he was even entering was that his mother had gone in before him. At least he had a chaperone.

That was what he thought but when he went inside Lily Milano was nowhere to be seen. He looked around the spacious entryway then peered into the living room. Both empty. "Where's my mother?" he asked, not bothering to hide his frown.

"Oh, she went out back with Luisa," Daniela said with a shrug. "Some new roses came in from the greenhouse. You know how crazy your mother is about flowers."

"Oh." Rome didn't have much more to say after that. Right then what he wanted to do most of all was hop into his car and head back home so he could curl up on a sofa with Arie on his lap. He almost sighed, knowing that wasn't going to happen any time soon. When his mother got into one of her raves over a brand new plant it would take a while to pry her loose. In the meanwhile that left him in the embarrassing position of trying to make conversation with Daniela.

As if reading his thought she let out a tinkly laugh. "Don't be a stranger. Go on into the salon. Make yourself comfortable." When he hesitated she laid a gentle hand on his arm. "I'll bring you something to drink. Just relax."

That did it for him. Not wanting to prolong contact he drew his arm away and walked off to the salon where she'd received him so many times before...until that fateful day when she'd told him she'd fallen in love with another man.

Rome went off to wait for his mother but he did not relax as Daniela had instructed. The woman was up to something. He didn't know what but he wouldn't rest easy until he'd figured it all out. And he would start by drilling his mother. She'd been the one to lure him here so on their way back she would have a lot of explaining to do.

Within minutes Daniela was back with two glasses of white wine. She gave him a smug smile and tossed her head, letting her long, black hair fall in a soft cloud around her face.

"You look good, Rome." Her voice was low, almost seductive. "But you look tense. You should relax more. You've always had a problem with that." As she spoke she came closer then held out the glass of sparkling wine to him.

It was either accept her offer or come across as rude. So, as much as he wasn't feeling it, he reached out to take the glass from her hand. And, as he should have known she would, she made sure that as he took the glass their fingers touched.

Daniela smiled then raised her glass to her crimson lips. As she sipped her eyes never left his face. When she lowered her glass her smile widened. "Remind you of old times?" she asked, her voice soft and silky. "We have so many memories in this house."

What the hell? Was Daniela crazy enough to think he would go down that road with her? What they had was in the past and he was more than happy to leave it there. And before she made one more move he'd better get the hell out of there.

"Go get my mother," he said, his voice cool as steel. "I'm leaving."

***

Taken aback by Vittorio's aggressive tone, Arie could only stare in disbelief. The man wasn't even pretending to be nice. Just the opposite. If the fire in his eyes was anything to go by he was barely an inch away from despising her.

Which was so unfair. The man didn't even know her.

"Aren't you going to answer me?" he demanded as he glared over at her. "How did you meet my son? How did you trick him into a marriage proposal?"

Like a slap across her face the words made Arie suck in her breath and her mouth fell open. In a flash she caught herself and snapped her jaws shut then she fixed him with a glare of her own. "I did no such thing. How dare you?" She clenched her fists, fighting to keep her anger under control. She hadn't come all the way to Italy to be attacked. "You don't even know me. How dare you cast aspersions on my character?" She was breathing hard, the anger bubbling up inside. There was a whole lot more she wanted to say to this man but she would not go there. For Rome's sake she would keep a lid on it.

"Oh, I know all about you, Miss Arie Angelis. You're trying to become a part of the Milano family. Don't you think I would have you checked out?" Vittorio cocked an eyebrow and gave her a mocking smile. "I know you have no family, no history, nothing. I don't know how you met my son but what I do know is that there was no way he could have fallen in love with you in the short time that he knew you. You must have done something to him."

"I didn't do anything to your son. He's a grown man. He's got a mind of his own." Arie folded her arms across her chest. It was either that or give in to the urge to slap the man upside his head. "And anyway, you already said you don't know how we met. How do you know we haven't been involved for ages?"

"I know you could not have been involved 'for ages' as you so elegantly put it," Vittorio snarled. "How could that be, when it's just been over a year since he and Daniela broke up?"

"Dan...who?"

Vittorio gave a triumphant laugh. "I thought so. You didn't know about Daniela, did you? You thought you could convince me that you and Rome have been together for a long time but it can't have been more than a few months. It wasn't so long ago that he and Daniela were an item."

Arie was floored. How could this be? In all the conversations she'd had with Rome never once had he mentioned a Daniela. And now to find out that he and this woman had ended their relationship just a year earlier?

Her heart was pounding in her chest and she had to clench her fists again but this time it was to keep her fingers from trembling. Through it all she kept her face blank, fighting hard to keep her emotions inside. There was no way she was going to give Vittorio Milano the pleasure of seeing how much his words had affected her. "I don't believe you," she said through gritted teeth. "You're just trying to interfere."

That made Vittorio lift his eyebrows. "You don't believe me?" Then he shrugged. "Why don't you ask Rome all about it?"

Arie was just getting ready to give him a sharp response when there was a rap at the door. They both swung around just in time to see the door open and a man who looked too much like Rome to be a stranger entered the room. "Sorry I just got here," he said. "I had some things to tie up at the office."

He walked in, headed straight for Arie and put out his hand. "Pleased to finally meet you, Arie," he said with a welcoming smile. "Rome's been boasting about you so much I was beginning to wonder if he'd made you up. Glad to see you're real."

For the second time that afternoon Arie was made speechless by the welcome she was receiving but this time it was because it seemed too good to be true. After the cool reception from Rome's mother and the vehemence of his father she'd expected more of the same but this newcomer seemed so genuine. She didn't know what to say.

"I'm real, thank you." She nodded as she took his hand.

"Where are my manners?" he said with a shake of his head. "I'm Lorenzo, Rome's brother."

"Hello Lorenzo," she said. "I'm pleased to meet you, too." If only the rest of the family could be like this one. Arie almost gave an audible sigh.

"Marco's on his way in. He's just parking the car." Lorenzo released her then slid his hands into his pockets as he looked down at her. "He's the runt of the family and he works for me."

"With you. Get your story straight, Lorenzo. I work with you."

Arie almost had to step back as the other brother bounded into the room, almost knocking Lorenzo out of the way. "Good to meet you, Arie. We left work just for you."

Arie lifted her eyebrows. "I appreciate that," she said.

But Marco's attention was now on his father. "Papa, how come you have Arie locked away in your office? Trying to keep her all to yourself?" He laughed. "It's not going to work."

Then his quick and ready smile was replaced with a frown. "But guess what? On the way here Mama called and we had to stop and collect a whole lot of plants for her. They couldn't fit in her car so we loaded them into the back of the truck. She was at Daniela's house and Rome-"

"Marco, I don't think Arie wants to know about Ma and her boring plants." Lorenzo broke in, effectively silencing his brother. The fierce look he gave his younger sibling could not be mistaken. It clearly meant, shut the hell up.

But Marco had just dropped a burning coal in Arie's already turbulent mind and there was no way she would let it go until she'd gotten some answers. "What was that about Rome?" she asked, taking a step closer so she was looking directly at Marco. "What were you going to say?"

"Uh, nothing. It wasn't anything important." He turned as if intent on beating a hasty retreat.

But Arie was having none of that. She put a hand on his arm, stopping him before he could get away. "Marco, please. Just tell me. I can handle it."

Looking like he had no greater wish than to disappear, Marco looked across at his brother but all he got in return was a scowl. Seeing that he'd gone too far to turn back, he sighed. "Rome was there," he said in surrender. "He was at Daniela's house."

Arie looked at Marco and then at Lorenzo and the older brother was regarding her through narrowed eyes. "You know who Daniela is?" he asked.

Arie stared at him for a moment longer and then, slowly, she nodded. "I know who she is." Her voice was quiet, resigned, but it was not emotional. Whatever all of this meant, she would deal with it. And she would not get emotional, not in front of the family.

But she almost lost it when she glanced over at Vittorio. In his eyes was a wickedly happy gleam that he made no attempt to hide. This Daniela person was the one he wanted for his son. That much was clear.

But it was Rome's choice, wasn't it? So the question was, now that he was back in Italy among friends and family, would he choose Daniela over her?

When Rome got back he was going to have a lot of explaining to do.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Rome was grumbling to himself as he drove swiftly along the autostrada toward his family home. He could not believe what his mother had done to him. First, she'd tricked him into taking her to Daniela's house, then she'd run off with the housekeeper, leaving him in Daniela's company for nearly an hour, and now this.

He glanced in the rearview mirror at the two women chattering away in the back seat. With his mother, looking as comfortable and carefree as ever, was Daniela. She was on her way to the house with them and it didn't seem to bother her one bit.

But it was bothering the heck out of him. Why his mother had insisted that Daniela accompany them back home, he could not fathom. It wasn't like he and the woman were involved anymore. Were Daniela and his mother this chummy all the time? He just couldn't figure it out.

And what the heck was he going to say to Arie when he showed up with his ex?

At the thought his solitary grumbling started again but, as they'd done throughout the whole journey, the two women just ignored him.

When they got to the house Rome went around to the passenger door to help his mother out. That taken care of, he leaned down to give Daniela his hand. She took it but then she refused to let go. As she rose from the car she stumbled against him then clung to his arm as she steadied herself.

"Are you all right?" he asked, making sure she was standing on her own before he began prying her fingers loose.

"I'm all right now," she breathed, leaning against him then sliding her hand down his arm before moving away. The way she was behaving, anyone looking on would think they were still involved. What kind of game was this woman playing?

He turned away from her, intent on getting as far out of her reach as possible, but it was too late. He glanced up just in time to see Arie at the front door. On her face was a look that told him she'd seen everything.

Realizing he had to do damage control Rome strode toward the house but Arie didn't wait for him to get to her. Looking stricken, she turned swiftly and disappeared into the house before he could get close.

"Rome, aren't you going to wait for us?" Daniela called out.

Then she gave a mocking laugh that made Rome's fists clench. He wanted to turn around and tell her exactly what he thought of her but now was not the time. He had to get to Arie so she would understand. Nothing was more important than Arie.

"Arie," he yelled and then he was bounding up the steps, across the landing and through the open door. "Arie." She was nowhere in sight. "Arie, where are you?" He knew she wasn't familiar with the house. As far as he knew, since arriving she'd only seen the entry hall, the green room and the library. She would definitely not seek refuge in his father's study. It had to be the green room.

When he got there he found her huddled in the corner of the sofa, her face in her hands. He hurried over to sit beside her then put his arms around her shoulders.

"Leave me alone," she growled, her words muffled by her hands as she jerked her shoulders, trying to shrug him off.

But he wouldn't let go. "Arie, it's not what you think. I can explain." It probably sounded lame but he didn't know what else to say. All he could tell her was the truth. Hopefully, that would be enough.

"I love you, Arie. Only you. Please don't ever doubt-"

"That's Daniela, isn't it?" Arie lifted her face and glared at him, her eyes glistening with tears. "Daniela, your ex-girlfriend. The one your family loves."

"Where'd you get that from?"

"Oh, your father told me all about the beloved Daniela, the one who should be the one in your life right now." Her frown deepened. "And he told me that you broke up with her only a year ago. Why didn't you ever tell me that?" She drew in a trembling breath. "That was just months before we met, Rome. Months."

"Which means absolutely nothing, as far as our relationship is concerned." He reached for her hand, wanting to reassure her, but she snatched it away. Determined to make her understand, he pressed on. "When I met you my relationship with Daniela was already over. Dead and done. There was no-one in my life when I fell in love with you."

She gave him a look of disbelief. "Are you sure it was love? Or did you just fall for me on the rebound? Under other circumstances, you probably wouldn't even have given me the time of day."

"Arie, listen to me." He reached for her hand again and this time no matter how hard she pulled he wouldn't let go. "I love you and there's nothing in the world that can make me stop. When I fell in love with you it was real. When I asked you to marry me, I meant it. I want nothing more than to make you my wife."

She bit her lip and kept her head down, refusing to look at him. Then she shook her head and when she spoke her voice was tinged with hurt. "And what about Daniela? Why didn't you ever tell me about her?"

Rome drew in his breath then he shook his head. This was the part he'd been avoiding all this time. It was an embarrassment but he had run away from it long enough. It was time to get it out in the open. It was only fair.

He gave Arie's fingers a squeeze. "Yes, Daniela and I were in a relationship before I met you. But it wasn't real, Arie. At least, not to me."

Not surprisingly, she gave him a look of confusion. "What's that supposed to mean?"

He let her go then got to his feet and shoved his hands deep inside his pockets. He was not proud of how he'd handled his love life before he met Arie. His back to her, he began to speak in a low voice. "Daniela and I were together because of our parents."

"Come again?"

He didn't turn around at her question but she had every right to ask it. They were in the twenty-first century, for Christ's sake. These days, who went into relationships for the sake of their parents? It was past embarrassing. It was pathetic.

"Daniela and I have known each other since we were kids. Our parents are old friends. Business associates, too. Ever since we were kids they kept saying that Daniela and I should marry, that it would be the perfect partnership. We'd end up with a multi-billionaire dollar conglomerate."

"An arranged marriage?" Arie's voice was faint with obvious disbelief, and how could he blame her? He wouldn't believe it himself if he weren't the one caught in the middle of the whole fiasco.

"An arranged marriage of sorts," he said on a grunt. "It wasn't real. It was nothing formal. It was just that Daniela and I knew that was what our families wanted and we never even questioned it. We just sort of...fell in line."

"So...what happened? How did you end up...with me?"

He turned around then and looked down at Arie, at her face so earnest, her eyes almost pleading. "Daniela got tired of the farce. She broke up with me, said she'd fallen in love with someone else. Thank God she did. It brought a close to something that should have ended ages before."

"So you don't love her anymore?" Arie's eyes searched his face like she wasn't quite believing what she was hearing.

"I'm not even sure I ever truly loved her." Rome shrugged. "I guess I was just taking the easy way out. It was what our families wanted. It was expected that we would be together. I was too complacent, too lazy to bother to rock the boat."

"But what if you'd met someone else? Fallen in love?"

He shook his head. "Never happened." Then he paused as he stared down at her. "It never happened until I met you."

For a moment Arie just sat there, silent, seeming to ponder his words. Then she cocked her head to one side and gave him a solemn look. "That was pretty convenient, wasn't it? Daniela moves on and you meet me then all of a sudden you're in love. Why should I believe any of this?"

"Because it's true. No matter how it sounds, that's the way it happened and I'm not going to apologize for it."

"Oh, really? And what happened just now, what was that all about?" Arie gave a snort of disgust. "You certainly didn't act like a man who was in love with me. You had your hands all over her."

"No, I didn't. For some strange reason Daniela wanted it to look that way." Rome let his breath out in a hiss of frustration. "Since we parted I haven't kept in touch with her. You asked what that was about? I'm asking myself the same thing."

Arie grimaced, seeming deep in thought, then she let out a soft sigh and when she looked at him again the worried wrinkle in her brow was beginning to smooth. "So there's nothing between the two of you?"

"Absolutely nothing," he said, his tone emphatic. "You are the one and only woman in my life."

On hearing his declaration Arie's brows smoothed just a little bit more and it was only then that Rome began to breathe easier. "You have to believe me," he said as he watched the emotions play across her face. "I'm telling you the truth."

She folded her hands on her lap and looked up at him, her face earnest. "I want to believe you," she said, "but can I really? I mean, it's your word against...her actions," she dropped her eyes, "and all that stuff your father told me."

"Damn what he told you." Rome spat the words out, he was so pissed. "My dad had his own agenda. I can see that now. My mother and my father, both of them do. They set me up." He balled his hands into fists. "I can't believe they would stoop so low."

Arie bit her bottom lip and when she released it, it began to tremble. "I told you they'd hate me. Why didn't you listen?"

The dejected look on her face pulled at his heart. He dropped to his knees in front of her and took her hands in his. "No, Arie. It's not that they hate you. It's that they're holding on to an illusion. They can't let go of the dream of Daniela."

Arie shook her head and gave him a sad smile. "Wishful thinking, Rome. And what you said about Daniela being over you? You're wrong. She still wants you. I can see it even if you can't."

"What can I do to make you believe-"

"Enough." Arie put up a hand, silencing him. "I've had enough of talking. It's good that you didn't take my things from the car. Please take me back to the hotel. I don't want to stay here a minute longer."

The look on her face told him her mind was made up. There was nothing he could say that would make her stay. And it was all the fault of his family. They'd messed things up...royally. Then again, maybe he should lay the blame squarely at his own feet. How could he have been so naive as to think they would accept Arie, no questions asked, with open arms?

Releasing her hands he stood up. "I'll take you back to the hotel," he said, "but there's something I have to do first. Wait here until I get back. Please."

Arie's mouth was set in a stubborn pout but she folded her arms across her chest and settled back in the seat. She looked like she would stay put.

Grateful that she hadn't put up a fight, Rome turned on his heel and strode out the door. Even if he couldn't repair the damage already done there was one thing he was determined to set straight before he left.

He had to tackle this problem that had reared its ugly head - the new and confusing and dangerously seductive element of Daniela Scalise.

CHAPTER NINE

Rome found Daniela relaxing in the solarium, having tea with his mother. After stirring up so much trouble the woman sat there looking as comfortable as could be.

He didn't bother with pleasantries. "Daniela, we need to talk." His voice was grim as he walked into the room. "Mama, can you excuse us for a minute?"

Lily looked from Rome to Daniela then back to Rome. "What did you want to talk about?" she asked, her voice uncertain. In fact, she looked darned nervous right at that moment and she had every reason to be.

"This is between Daniela and me, Mama," he replied, his tone curt. After the way she'd conspired to mess up his life he owed his mother no explanation. "Could I have a minute with Daniela?" he asked again. "Alone."

To her credit, despite her look of doubt his mother did not question him again. Resting the teacup on its saucer she got up from around the table, whispered her excuse to Daniela and walked out of the room.

Rome waited a full three seconds after she'd gone then he walked over to close the door firmly behind her. Then he turned to the object of his anger.

"Tell me something," he said, his voice deceptively soft, "do you take pleasure in screwing up other people's lives? What the hell is this game you're playing?"

Looking totally unperturbed, Daniela didn't answer. Instead, she raised her teacup to her lips and took a leisurely sip. After savoring the liquid she swallowed and only then did she turn her dark eyes on Rome. "Game?" she asked, her tone cool. "Who says I'm playing a game?"

Rome's gaze narrowed as he watched her. She was trying to tick him off, he could see that much. The question was, why?

Instead of flaring up in fury as he guessed Daniela was expecting, he decided to take it cool and calm just like she was. Two could play that game quite well.

He could see she was surprised when he walked over and sat down next to her, taking the chair his mother had just vacated. "Daniela," he said as he picked up a spoon and began to toy with it, "if you're not playing a game, what exactly are you doing?"

For some reason the question made her laugh. "Ah, Rome, if you only knew."

He kept toying with the spoon, not looking at Daniela, focusing his attention on the utensil in his hand. It was either that or explode and he wasn't going to do that. He would not give her the pleasure. "What should I know, Daniela?" he asked, his tone deliberately pleasant. "You're dying to tell me so why don't you?"

She chuckled. "You know me so well." Then she reached over and took the spoon from his fingers and dropped it with a clatter onto her saucer. "I'm not playing games," she said with a sly grin. "I'm simply doing someone a favor."

He raised an eyebrow then sat back in the chair. "A favor. Can you be a bit more specific?"

She shrugged. "If you insist. I'm doing your mother a favor. She asked me to...scare off a certain someone who's no good for you. After all we meant to each other how could I say no?"

"My mother set you up to this? So this wasn't you trying to start up where we left off?"

"Goodness, no. Of course not." Daniela looked like she thought it was the most ridiculous idea in the world. "I'm happily engaged to a wonderful man, a man I truly love. Why would I want to get back together with you?"

"Why indeed?" He shook his head, knocking the thought loose from his mind. "So you're engaged," he said, turning thoughtful. "Does my mother know this?"

The question made Daniela hesitate. "No, I guess not. I never mentioned it." Then she shrugged. "But that's not important. She knows I'm in a relationship. After all, that's why you and I broke up."

She said it so casually, like it was what everybody did. You're in the middle of a relationship until you find someone you like better and then you move on, just like that. Not that he was complaining, though. She'd done him a huge favor when she'd fallen in love with someone else.

"What do you know about the woman I'm in love with?"

"N...nothing." Daniela blinked. "Why do you ask?"

"I ask because I find it a bit strange that you're so quick to destroy my relationship when I willingly gave you the freedom to pursue yours." He could see his words were having an effect on her so he pressed on. "You know what it is to fall in love. Why are you so happy to deny me that pleasure?"

"I...it was your mother. She said the woman wasn't right for you." Daniela swallowed. "I was only trying to help her."

Rome gave a snort of annoyance. "Don't do anybody any favors, especially not my mother. Not where I'm concerned, anyway." He folded his arms across his chest. "Do you remember how your family reacted when you broke up with me?"

Daniela winced then she nodded. "They thought I was being an idiot. They didn't want me to be with Warren at all."

"Exactly. They would have loved it if we'd stayed together but you made your choice and I respected that even if it took your family a while to accept." He tightened his lips and when he spoke again his voice was cool. "Now I would appreciate it if you would pay me the same courtesy and respect my choice and stay the hell out of my business."

A crimson blush crept up Daniela's neck and she dropped her eyes. "I'm sorry, Rome. I didn't think..."

"Well, please do," he said, not letting her off the hook. "There's a lady sitting in another room in this house who was hurt by your thoughtless actions. I'm going to have to work real hard to make things up to her."

"I'm sorry," she said again and this time she actually looked like she meant it.

But now that he understood her motive Rome had no desire to spend another minute with Daniela. It was time to tackle his parents.

Without another word he pushed back his chair, got up and walked out of the room. He could feel Daniela's eyes boring into his back the whole time.

He could only hope that when it came to affairs of the heart she'd learned her lesson - to mind her own freakin' business.

***

"I can't believe you guys." Rome had to fight to keep from raising his voice at the two people who had cared for him since birth. He could not believe they would go to such lengths to sabotage his life and his chance at love. "How could you do this to me?" he demanded, his voice hoarse from the strain of holding on to his temper. "What did I do to deserve this?"

"It's because we love you, Rome. We only want what's best for you." Lily made as if to go to him but the look on his face must have told her that was the last thing he wanted just then because she stopped short and began to twist her hands nervously in front of her.

"I didn't expect this from you, Mama." He didn't try to hide his disappointment. He knew Vittorio could be ruthless at times. He'd demonstrated that side of his personality in more than a few business dealings. But his mother had always been a source of support, nothing at all like the woman who had convinced Daniela to be her accomplice in deceit. What had come over her?

"We felt we had to do something. You were acting on impulse. We had to stop you from making a mistake." It was Vittorio who was speaking now and his tone was totally unapologetic. "From what you told us, you met this woman and in less than two months you had asked her to marry you. A virtual stranger and not even an Italian."

"So which was worse?" Rome shot back. "Her being what you call a virtual stranger or her not being Italian? Which was the worse sin?"

"Now you're being unreasonable," his father growled back. "You didn't expect us to welcome her with open arms, did you? Take her into our family just like that without checking her out? Without testing her?"

"Check her out? She's my choice, not yours. What makes you think you have the right?" Despite his efforts, Rome's voice rose in exasperation.

But Vittorio didn't back down. Milano that he was, he faced his son head on. "You're forgetting something, my boy. You are heir to the family business. All of this rests in your hands. For the sake of the business, the family and the future we have to ensure that you make the best decision." His lips tightened and he shook his head. "Daniela was the best choice, for the family and for you, but you let her slip through your fingers."

Rome stared at his father then he was the one shaking his head. "You don't get it, do you? This is not about what's best for the business. This is my life. It's about what's best for me." He looked across at his mother and he could see the remorse, plain and stark on her face. "Daniela made a choice," he said, "the choice that was best for her. Now leave me alone and let me make the choice that's best for me."

"You're making a big mistake, son. If you continue with this foolishness I may have to take drastic action."

The heated words made Rome swing back toward his father. "Is that right?" he asked, his voice cold as steel. "Are you threatening to disinherit me like you threatened when I was sixteen? Well, guess what? I'm not a kid anymore. I'm a goddamn man who doesn't give a hoot if you decide to do that. I've made my life and I've made my choice, and damn if I'm going to change it because of your threats." With that he turned and marched toward the door.

"Rome, wait. Please. Don't leave like this."

It was his mother who was pleading with him but Rome was past listening. His father had pissed him off in the worst way and he didn't know if he would ever forgive him.

After he stalked out of the library room Rome didn't know what else was said and he really didn't care. He had more important things to worry about, like the woman his family had hurt so badly, a woman who didn't deserve any of that.

When he got back to the green room Arie was sitting exactly where he'd left her, waiting for him. He went over and took her hand. "Come on," he said gently as she looked up at him, her eyes searching his face. "Time for us to get out of here."

Like she could guess what had just happened, as if she understood that he didn't want to talk, Arie simply nodded and followed him to the car.

But as they drove away Rome's mind was in turmoil. Was his family really forcing him to choose between them and Arie?

If it came down to that, they weren't going to like his decision, not one bit.

***

Arie couldn't wait for Rome to leave their hotel suite. When he'd said he needed some air and was going to take a walk she couldn't get him out of there fast enough. The fact was, she wanted him gone. She needed some time alone to think.

The evening before, when they'd arrived at the hotel, he'd told her about his quarrel with his parents. That had been bad enough but then he told her of some sort of ultimatum his father threw down. Rome should give her up or else he would no longer be part of the Milano family? Was that what he'd said? Arie couldn't believe it.

And she felt terrible. Rome was in conflict with his family and it was all her fault. She was the one who had created this rift and there was nothing she could do about it.

Or maybe there was. She could forget about her own happiness and do what she knew was right for Rome. She could just leave.

At the thought, Arie's heart sank to the pit of her stomach. To have to leave Rome, just when she thought she'd found the man of her dreams, just when she thought she would have the perfect family. How would she bear it?

Tormented by the possibility, terrified by the likelihood that she could lose him, Arie jerked out of the armchair and went over to the window overlooking the tree-lined street. She was staring out at the scenery but she was seeing nothing. The only thing that loomed before her was a lonely future without Rome.

"What are you doing?"

Arie jumped. When she whirled around it was to see Rome standing in the doorway. "I...thought you were going for a walk." Her words came out quick and breathless, almost like she was the one who'd been walking.

"I came back to get you," he said, a slight frown marking his brow. "Are you all right? Were you crying?"

"No, I wasn't." Her answer was quick and sharp and just in case a tear had escaped and was sliding down her cheek she whipped back around to face the window so she could lift a furtive finger and get rid of any evidence of her desolate rumination.

"Don't give me that," Rome said, his voice both stern and gentle at the same time.

She heard his footsteps as he approached and then his hands were on her shoulders and he was turning her around to face him. "You've been thinking too much. I can see it on your face. I don't want you sitting here, making yourself depressed by what's happened." He turned her toward the bathroom. "Go get ready. We're going out on the city."

As much as she wasn't in the mood for any tours Arie did as she was told and soon she was on the way to her first real view of the city of Rome, the place for which the man by her side had been named. And if he'd thought this day of sightseeing would do her any good he'd hit the nail right on its head because, if even just for those few hours, her trouble ducked its head and shuffled off to the back of her brain where she totally ignored it and focused instead on the beauty and elegance of the historic city.

To Arie's delight their first stop was the Sistine Chapel, the exquisitely lovely chapel of the Apostolic Palace where the Pope himself resided. It didn't matter that, after paying their sixteen euros each, they'd had to jostle with a few thousand people just to get inside. As far as she was concerned it was well worth the wait. Outside, the building was pretty plain but inside it took her breath away.

On the walls were frescoes by Perugino and Botticelli and more paintings by della Gatta and Rosselli, but most impressive of all - and the one that she'd really come to see - was the ceiling with the world-famous paintings, 'The Creation of Adam' and 'The Last Judgment' by Michelangelo Buonarroti.

Her head thrown back, Arie gazed up at the beauty above her. "Awesome," she said in a reverent whisper, "and I mean that literally."

"I'm with you on that one," Rome whispered back, his face upturned and his eyes glued to the ceiling.

She spared him a quick glance. "This is your first time, too? You've never seen this before?"

"At least ten times," he responded, looking like he couldn't pull his eyes away, "and I'm in awe every single time."

After they left the Sistine Chapel Rome took her to see the Colosseum and then the grand Pantheon and by the time they'd fought those crowds it was already late afternoon and they were both exhausted.

"Had enough of Rome?" he asked with a wide grin as he snaked his arm across her shoulders.

Feeling tired but more relaxed than she'd felt since arriving in Italy, Arie returned the smile. "For today, yes," she said as she leaned against him. "For now I've had enough of Rome, the city, but Rome, the tour guide..." she turned her face to nuzzle his neck, "...I can never get enough of that one."

"Glad to hear it," he said, then he placed a finger under her chin and raised her face to his and there, in the middle of St. Peter's Square he kissed her soundly, sending all her cares sailing away on the breeze.

"Let's go back to the hotel," he said, his voice suddenly husky. "We've got a lot of catching up to do."

She knew exactly what he meant. Since arriving in Italy they'd had issues on their minds, chief of which was the frosty welcome Arie received from the Milanos. Now, though, they were miles away from that bunch and free to do whatever they so desired. And if Arie guessed right, what they both wanted would leave them even more exhausted than they already were...but blissfully so. She could hardly wait.

But when they got back to the hotel she realized that she had to exercise just a little bit more patience. She didn't have much of an appetite but Rome was starving so after a quick shower they dressed and went down to The Brunello Restaurant for dinner.

"I want you," Rome whispered as they headed for the elevator, "real bad. But for what I want to do to you I have to build up my strength. It's going to be a long night."

Arie laughed. She was all for long nights as long as they included Rome. And tonight, for the first time, she'd be enjoying her Rome in the city of Rome. What could be better?

After a meal of pumpkin stuffed tortelli, veal with frosted pears, and warm puff pastry with cinnamon cream, Rome relaxed with a cup of coffee while Arie sipped herbal tea. Then, as she took her last sip and laid her cup back down, he reached across the table. "Time to fulfill my promise," he said as he lifted her hands to his lips and kissed her, softly and seductively, in the middle of her palm.

Arie smiled. "I'm looking forward to it."

Just as the words left her lips, out of the corner of her eyes she saw the maitre d' heading toward their table. They both turned as he approached.

"Excuse me sir, madam." The man gave an apologetic bow. "I'm very sorry to disturb you but Mr. and Mrs. Milano are here to see you."

Confused, Arie looked at Rome. "You invited your parents to join us?"

Looking almost as confused as she felt, Rome shook his head. "No way. After what happened last night?" And then, as if remembering the man standing right by their table, he drew his lips back in what was obviously a forced smile. "Let them know we'll be right out."

"Of course, sir." The man gave Rome a polite nod, turned and did the same to Arie and then he was hurrying away, back to their unexpected visitors.

As soon as they were alone again Arie grabbed the chance to make her position clear. "You go talk to them. I'm going back to the suite."

But Rome was having none of it. "We can't run away from this, Arie. If they think they've got you running scared they'll think they've won. We can't give them that satisfaction."

Arie tightened her lips. He was right. She could just imagine the way they would gloat if Rome went to them alone while she scurried away like a frightened doe. Vittorio Milano was a master intimidator but he would soon learn that he couldn't intimidate her.

She got up and went to stand by Rome's side. "Let's go," she said, her voice so steady that no-one would guess her heart was beating a staccato rhythm against her ribs. "I want this over with fast. You made me a promise and I'm holding you to it. I don't plan on waiting long, either."

That said, she set off, leaving Rome in her wake. The Milanos had not come all this way to see her, of that she was sure, but like it or not she would face them head on. They would never be able to accuse her of being a coward.

Together, Rome and Arie arrived in the lobby area of the restaurant to see Lily and Vittorio waiting for them, Lily looking anxious and Vittorio looking like Vittorio - solemn and stubborn, with a scowl darkening his brow.

Rome was the first to speak. "Mama, Papa, to what do we owe this visit?" As he spoke he put an arm around Arie's shoulders and drew her close, his gesture protective.

Vittorio gave her a brief nod but then he turned his attention to his son. "Can we speak privately?"

Rome shook his head. "Anything you have to say to me you can say in front of Arie."

"You misunderstand me," Vittorio said, looking almost impatient. "What I have to say concerns Arie more than it does you." As he said her name he glanced at her but then his gaze skittered away.

Arie would not have thought it of Vittorio but he almost seemed embarrassed to be in her presence. So where was Vittorio, the overbearing lord over all?

Vittorio looked back at Rome. "I simply meant that I don't wish to discuss private family business while standing at the front of a restaurant. There's got to be some place we can go to talk."

Please don't invite them to our suite, please don't invite them to our suite. Arie was so desperate she almost mumbled the words out loud. She bit her tongue just in time and hid her consternation behind a tiny plastic smile.

"I guess the quickest place would be our suite," Rome said, his tone so nonchalant that Arie felt like slamming her heel on his toe. How had he not read her mind? Didn't he know he'd just made her worst nightmare a reality?

Lily looked doubtful. "We don't want to intrude-"

"Yes, let's go to your suite," Vittorio said, ignoring his wife's hesitation. "What we need is privacy and that would be the perfect place."

Rome shrugged then, as if reassured that Arie no longer needed protection, he released her and led the way with his father right behind. The two women brought up the rear but although Lily gave Arie a tiny smile they did not speak, not as they walked along the hallway nor as they rode the private elevator to the Ludovisi Suite on the seventh floor.

It wasn't until they got to the suite and Rome ushered his parents into the living room that any of them spoke again. Vittorio was the one who broke the near-solid ice. Even though his wife sat, he didn't. Instead, he stood with his back to the large bay window, his hands clasped behind his back in an almost submissive posture. But Vittorio was anything but submissive.

"I have something to say to you both," he began, "but especially to Arie." He was scowling again, a demeanor which was beginning to seem more like a habit than anything else. After all, what reason did he have to scowl? He was the one leading the discussion. It must be the legacy of all those business negotiations. Being tough and looking tough probably came with the territory.

"Arie," Vittorio said, drawing her attention away from her musings and back to him, "I owe you an apology."

That got her attention. In fact, her brows flew up and her jaw slackened, she was so surprised. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me," he said, almost sounding annoyed. "I'm apologizing to you. You came to my home and instead of showing you courtesy I was rude and disrespectful. My behavior was unacceptable and I'm sorry."

Arie's eyes widened. This was getting so strange it was unreal. After the way Vittorio had slammed her the day before, an apology was the last thing she'd expected.

"We're sorry," Lily corrected him. "We both are. I'm so ashamed of the way we acted. If I could do it all again..." Her voice trailed off. Maybe it was because she saw the look of disbelief on Arie's face.

Because, as much as they were saying the words, it was too good to be true. What? They'd slept on it and woken up one hundred and eighty degrees from where they'd been the day before? Whatever they were selling, Arie was not buying.

"I appreciate the apology," Rome said and it was ironic when, standing at the other side of the room, he adopted the same stance as his father, hands behind his back. But Rome's posture was unyielding. Feet wide apart, he stood bold and tall like he was ready to take on both his parents if they thought they could come into his territory and wreak havoc. "It's long overdue. What you put Arie through, it should never have happened in the first place. Can you imagine how much you hurt her?"

Vittorio drew in a long breath then let it out slowly. Then he nodded. "Yes, son, I know the things I said were hurtful. I am truly sorry."

Vittorio was apologizing and so was Lily but as far as Arie was concerned it was not enough. What she really wanted was to get to the bottom of this change of heart. Or maybe it wasn't so much a change of heart as a change of words.

"So why these apologies all of a sudden?" she asked, not bothering to play coy. "I'm still the same Arie I was yesterday. What's changed?"

The directness of her questions seemed to throw them off balance because it made Lily's gaze flash over to Vittorio and he looked back at his wife, for once seeming lost for words. Then his face sagged as he looked at Rome.

"It was your brothers," he said, his voice tight, ashamed. "They called Papa and told him what happened. He came over."

Rome raised an eyebrow. "They called Nonno?"

Vittorio nodded. "Yes, and you know what a vicious old man my father can be. He thinks he can intimidate anyone, even me, his own son."

Arie almost laughed but she bit down on her lip, holding the amusement in. It seemed that Vittorio had met his match. Grandfather Milano must be worse than he was in the bully department.

"He really lit into me," Vittorio continued, "reminding me how Lily's parents hadn't liked the idea of us getting married but we went ahead anyway." Vittorio drew in his breath and then let it out on a sigh. "They thought I was too much of a hothead and too arrogant but Lily and I were in love and there was nothing that could keep us apart."

Vittorio looked over at Arie, his face contrite. "I've been the worst possible hypocrite. As Papa said, I should mind my own business and let you two young people make your own decisions. I'm very sorry, Arie. Can you ever forgive me?"

Caught off guard by his question Arie didn't say anything but then, with all eyes on her as her silence stretched into seconds, she opened her mouth to say something, anything that would take the attention off her. "Why...yes, of course," she stammered. "I forgive you. Don't worry about it." And when his face relaxed into a smile she let out a surreptitious sigh of relief. As much as she wasn't one hundred percent sure she meant it, her answer seemed to satisfy him.

It more than satisfied Lily too because, to Arie's surprise, the woman walked over and drew her into her arms in a fierce hug. "Thank you," she whispered as she pressed Arie to her. When she stepped back she looked so relieved that Arie knew she'd done the right thing. She didn't know if she would ever accept them wholeheartedly but despite the hurt she'd made the first step and she was glad.

Vittorio cleared his throat, looking like he wanted to be anywhere but there. Shows of emotion either made him uneasy or embarrassed, that much was obvious. When he spoke again his voice sounded pseudo-cheerful. "Arie, Rome, to show you we mean what we say we've gone ahead and arranged a family dinner for tomorrow. Everyone will be there. You'll get a chance to meet the entire family, Arie."

She didn't know if she liked the sound of that. After all she'd been through she would rather just hang out at the hotel with Rome. But, reluctant to dampen Vittorio's spirit, she gave him a brave smile and nodded. "I'll come," she said, "as long as I get to meet your father."

Vittorio probably guessed why she'd said that but he didn't back down. "Deal," he said, with a broad smile. "We'll see you both at three."

Long after Lily and Vittorio left, Arie sat in the sofa, curled up against Rome's shoulder. Still in shock, her thoughts raced ahead to the family gathering planned for the next day. His parents had apologized but it had seemed too easy, even too good to be true.

Would she meet more rejection when she met the rest of Rome's family or would they give her fake smiles while hating her the whole time? No matter how she tried she could not stop the thoughts from swirling wildly, creating a whirlwind of confusion in her mind.

Needless to say, the Milanos had messed up yet another of her evenings in Italy. With all the trepidation she was feeling there was no way she would be making love tonight.

CHAPTER TEN

"Mama mia, she is bella. Come here and give Nonno a hug." The tall, stately man had a huge grin on his face as he held his arms wide and there was nothing Arie could do but go to him. He immediately caught her in a bear hug that threatened to snap her in two.

When he put her away from him he was still smiling broadly, as if he'd found a long lost friend. "So this is the Arie I've been hearing about. Pleased to meet you, my dear."

"And you, too, sir," Arie said with a nod and she couldn't help but respond with a wide smile of her own. It was possible she wasn't reading him right but he certainly came across as genuine.

"Sir? Did you call me sir?" He gave her a look of indignation which she knew was fake. "It is Nonno for you, not sir. You are family and don't you forget that."

"Thank you, sir," she said, just to tease him. "I mean, Nonno. Thank you for your welcome, Nonno."

"My pleasure, my pleasure," he said in a deeply accented voice that Arie was enjoying. None of the other Milanos spoke with such a deep Italian accent but she had no trouble understanding Nonno. In fact, she was enjoying his beautifully lilting speech.

"Come over here and tell me all about America," he said as he drew her toward the living room. "I have not visited that country in a long time. You will fill me in on the latest news, yes?"

Arie smiled. "I would love to."

"Ernesto, please leave signorina Arie alone." Before they could disappear, a tiny white-haired woman approached and jammed her fists on her hips. Arie didn't have to ask. This had to be Nonna. "Arie, if you're not careful this man will talk your ears off. Come to the kitchen with me, my dear. Come and relax at the table while I finish preparing the calzone." And with those words the lady marched over, took Arie's hand and began to draw her out of her husband's clutches.

But he was not giving up so easy. "Rosetta, Rosetta my dear, Arie is not interested in Italian cooking. We're off to have some stimulating conversation about America, her homeland."

"No, Ernesto. You're off to talk this poor young lady to death and I will not have it. Do you think I want you to scare her off before she's even settled in the family?" And again Rosetta tugged at Arie's arm, obviously intent on getting her away from her husband as fast as possible.

"But Rosetta, my dear, she wants to come with me," Ernesto insisted, making sure his hand was on Arie's other arm so his wife could not pull her away.

She was just beginning to fret that she would be split in two by the tug-of-war when, to her relief, Rome came to her rescue.

Apparently he'd heard the dispute because he left the den where he'd been with his brothers and now he was hurrying toward them. "Nonno, Nonna, please. Arie's here to relax, not to get caught in battle between the two of you." Without apology he took both her hands and drew her out of his grandparents' grasp. "And besides, she's mine. I found her first. Now go find somebody else to harass." With a huge grin he pulled her close then led her away, but not before she heard the grumbles about selfish grandsons.

"Looks like you're in high demand," Rome said, laughing as they walked away.

Arie chuckled. "Talk about irony. First I'm not wanted and then I'm wanted too much."

"That, I can deal with," Rome said as he escorted her back to where he'd been ensconced with his brothers, leaving Arie to the mercy of his grandparents. When the cooking had started all four of the young Milano men had run off to watch European soccer - or football, as they called it on this side of the world - determined that they weren't going to get drafted into beating batter, chopping lettuce or doing the dishes. It was the younger sister, Sophia, who had taken Arie under her wing until Nonno caught her in the hallway.

Now, instead of trying to make conversation with the family, Arie could hide out with the guys until dinner was ready. And although she didn't know one thing about soccer - oh yeah, football - she didn't mind it one bit.

It ended up that Arie had a blast with Rome's brothers. They all seemed so eager to get to know her and to please her. Maybe it was because of what she'd suffered at the hands of their parents. Maybe they wanted to make it up to her. Whatever their motivation was, she was grateful. And she was a fast learner, too. Within minutes she was the one cheering loudest for AC Milan and when Manchester United sneaked in a final goal that gave them victory she could sympathize with Lorenzo, Dante and Marco. In the end it was Rome who moaned loudest. Arie was in the middle of comforting him when Lily came to the door.

"We're ready for you," she said, looking tired but happy.

In the end it turned out that dinner was not so bad after all. When they got to the dining room there was a free place between Nonno and Nonna and they insisted that Arie occupy that chair. "This way we can share you," Nonna said as she patted the seat. "Rome can't keep you all to himself, you know."

"Don't fall for that," Rome warned. "They're either going to grill you on what kind of fiance I am or they'll bore you with stories about me and my childhood pranks."

"And I don't mind either one," Arie told him as she slid onto the seat beside Nonna. On the contrary, she was growing to love all the attention the two elderly Milanos were showering on her. It was more than she'd gotten from either of Rome's parents.

But then after dinner, to Arie's surprise, Vittorio did something that redeemed him in her eyes...sort of. While the other adults lounged around drinking wine and coffee and tea he retired to the living room where he sat on the floor with his five grandchildren who ranged from age six all the way down to fourteen months. There, he let them climb all over him and pull his hair and he gave not a whimper of protest. Better than that, he went on hands and knees and became 'horsey' for the little ones, going so far as to shake his tail and neigh at their command.

For the moment Arie had escaped from the grandparents and now she leaned over to whisper in Rome's ear. "I can't believe that's your father. I wouldn't have thought he had it in him."

Rome chuckled. "Believe it," he said. "When it comes to family he takes his duties seriously."

"Hmm, I can see that," Arie murmured as she watched the bear of a man, now gentle and kind, frolicking with his grandkids. He seemed to be totally dedicated to their enjoyment and he was protective, too, rescuing them from tumbles even before they saw the danger themselves. Was that how he was with his own sons and daughters? Although his son was now a grown man was that how Vittorio still saw Rome, as a beloved offspring he needed to protect?

There was no excuse for his behavior, of course, but maybe - just maybe - he'd done it out of concern for his son and not out of mere spitefulness. Yes, she would hold on to that line of reasoning. Maybe then she would be able to accept him in his role of future father-in-law. Maybe.

Arie was brought back to the present when she felt Rome's warm breath tickle her ear. "I'm bored," he whispered. "Let's get out of here."

That made her c**k an eyebrow at him. "Are you sure it's boredom you're feeling?" she whispered back.

"Naw," he said softly, giving her a wicked grin, "but it sounded a lot more dignified than 'I'm horny'."

Arie gasped and clapped her hand over his mouth. She glanced furtively around, wondering if anyone else had heard him. Rome had said the 'H' word out loud in his father's home and he'd said it with his entire family in the room.

Which meant he was serious. Arie knew she'd better take him at his word and pack up. Immediately, she got up and went over to take Nonna's hand. "It was so nice meeting you," she said, "and you, too, Nonno. It was such a pleasure."

"You're not leaving already?" Nonno was frowning and looking like he was about to object but Nonna put a hand on his arm.

"Arie is tired, caro. She's had a long day with us." She squeezed Arie's hand. "It was our pleasure, cara. You will come back to see us soon, yes?"

"Yes," Arie said with a nod, and she meant it. She would come back to Italy one day if only to see her new friends, Nonno and Nonna again.

She was reminded of how big Rome's family was when she went the rounds from Lucia to Sophia and their husbands, and then to Dante to Marco and to Lorenzo. Then it was time to hug each of the children and finally it was time to bid Rome's parents goodbye.

"Thank you, Lily," she said, taking the woman's hand and this time she felt no resentment. She was nowhere near loving Rome's mother but at least she could accept her, if only for Rome's sake.

"No," Mrs. Milano said, shaking her head, "thank you for coming. You didn't have to do this but you were gracious and I appreciate it."

Vittorio didn't give her a chance to go over to him. He came to her and pulled her close in an unexpected embrace. "Thank you, Arie," he said, his voice gruff. "It means a lot."

That was all he said but when he released her Arie could see that they were not just words. He meant what he said and for that she was grateful.

But now it was time to go. She had a hungry man to feed and her skin tingled, just thinking about it.

She was looking forward to being Rome's dessert tonight.

***

Rome couldn't get back to the hotel fast enough. He'd been craving for Arie since the night before, when his parents had turned up at the restaurant and rained all over his lovemaking plans. After that unexpected visit his girl hadn't been in the mood so he'd had to chill, pretty much put his passion on ice.

And then, as if that weren't bad enough, he'd had to endure an entire day of small talk when all he'd wanted to do was make hot, sweet love to his woman.

But he would wait no longer.

The door to the hotel suite had barely closed behind them before Rome bent and lifted Arie off her feet, raising her high until she squealed and flung her arms around his neck. "Rome," she shrieked, "what are you doing?"

His answer was a growl. "What does it look like I'm doing? Time for me to get what I've been waiting for these past two days."

She laughed. "It hasn't been that long."

"Too long," he countered. "I haven't made love to you since we left New Orleans." As he spoke he was striding toward the bedroom where he dropped her on top of the king-sized bed. She squealed again but he didn't give her the chance to recover. In quick time he divested her of shoes, jeans and blouse, leaving her in lacy bra and matching panties.

He followed suit, swiftly unbuttoning his shirt and letting it fall to the floor then kicking off his shoes and dropping his trousers on top of the pile. He leaned over Arie and gathered her in his arms again. "I'm in the mood to see you pretty-pink all over," he said. "Let's try out the Jacuzzi hot tub they've got in here."

"Sounds good to me," she purred and dipped her face to nibble at his neck. Within seconds she was lounging, relaxed and nude, in the bubbling water.

But relaxing was the last thing on Rome's mind. He reached for her, pulling her onto his lap so he could have greater access to the sleek smoothness of her body and the silky softness of her lips. As his hands slid up her body she sighed and tilted her face up to his and when he lowered his lips to hers she parted willingly, giving him leave to explore her sweetness.

As his tongue played with hers his hands moved over to cup her left breast, to caress the round smoothness and tickle the puckered tip until she gasped into his mouth. Wanting to heighten the pleasure he drew away but only to lower his lips to the teased nipple so he could draw it into his mouth. Then he suckled softly until Arie sighed and reached down to clasp the back of his head and press him into her.

But now that he'd turned her on Rome was ready to turn the heat way up. Where he'd been soothing her with his caress he now began to nibble at the distended bud, worrying it till it grew pebble-hard in his mouth. When she moaned and arched her back he gnawed at the taut nipple, torturing her even more before letting it slip from his lips, Then he turned his attention to the other breast. By the time he was through teasing that one it was Arie who was pulling at him, urging him out of the water.

"Please," she whispered, her voice urgent, "let's go now." She was climbing out of the tub even as she spoke, she was that eager to move on to serious business.

He didn't have to be asked twice. As he climbed out of the hot tub he reached for the heavy towel hanging on the nearby rack, wrapped it around Arie and for the third time that evening he lifted her off her feet. As he strode back into the bedroom with her in his arms she rewarded him with a caress of her own. Tilting her face toward his chest she covered his na**d nipple with her lips and applied the same sweet torture he'd administered mere minutes before.

Her tantalizing teasing spurring him on, when Rome reached the bed he rolled his beautiful bundle out of the towel and proceeded to cover her body with butterfly kisses that had her wriggling and giggling at the same time.

"That tickles," she complained in-between tiny bursts of laughter as he pressed his lips to the sole of her foot.

His mouth curved into a smile. "Not exactly the reaction I was hoping for," he chided and then he drew her little toe into his mouth. As his tongue grazed its tip she gasped.

"Ooh, that feels...so sexy," she crooned.

Rome chuckled. "Now that's more like it."

He kissed the tips of each of her toes then slid up her thighs, grazing the skin with his lips, sending shivers rippling up her body. When she moaned and reached down to tangle her fingers in his hair, urging him on, he gave in to her silent plea and moved up her body and back to her br**sts where he nuzzled then suckled until she clasped his face with trembling hands and drew him up so he could steal her breath in a kiss.

Rome was hard now, ready for her. He pulled away just long enough to sheath himself and then he was back on the bed, sliding his body up over hers, settling his h*ps between her legs. When she lifted those lithe limbs to wrap them around his waist he captured her lips in a deep, sensual kiss as slowly, smoothly, he sank into her sweetness.

And then as the kiss became more urgent he began to move, slowly at first then rhythmically, and as she met each thrust he began to stroke faster, gliding in and out of her core until the heat began to build then burgeon then bloom until it burst into a brilliant blaze that had them clinging to each other, gasping for air.

As Arie trembled beneath him Rome felt his body shudder in the throes of release, a sweet agony that made him groan and drop his face into the pillows.

It was several seconds before he stopped panting then rolled off the softness of the precious pillow beneath him, his dearest Arie. As he lay on his back catching his breath he reached out and gathered her to him.

"That was...awesome," she whispered and reached up to touch the tip of his nose with her finger. "And I mean that in the literal sense of the word."

The laughter rumbled in Rome's chest. "So I'm in Michelangelo class, am I?"

"No doubt," she said as she traced her finger along his bottom lip. "And do you know what that means?"

"What?"

"I want more of the same. I can't get enough of you."

That made Rome chuckle. "Now hold on, missy. I may be in the company of maestros but even Michelangelo had to take a break."

"All right, old man," she said, teasing him. "I'll let you sleep, but make sure you have lots of energy in the morning."

"Mmm," he murmured, stroking her shoulder. "There's nothing quite like making love at sunrise, is there?" Strangely, he didn't even hear her reply as his body slowly spiraled from its high and he sank beneath the shadowy sheet of slumber, falling into a deep and dreamless sleep.

Rome jerked awake, the marimba beat of his iPhone hauling him back to consciousness. He grabbed for the device and swiped it before it woke his slumbering companion.

"Yes, who is it?" Still half asleep, Rome's voice was husky as he half-spoke, half-whispered into the phone.

"Rome, it's Iyana. Can you speak?"

"What...what time is it?" He blinked, trying to clear his vision as he peered at the time on the cable box across the room.

"It's just after four o'clock. Oops, that means it's after eleven in Italy. Sorry." Then, as if it didn't matter, she barreled on. "We have a problem, Rome. I need you back in office tomorrow."

That made him frown. It sounded serious. "What's going on over there?"

"Nothing like this has ever happened before," she said, her voice tight. "Major problems with the union. If you don't resolve this we could have a strike on our hands. Now tell me you'll be on the plane first thing in the morning."

Typical Iyana, she wasn't asking. And, as usual, she had her finger on his pulse. There was no way he would stay in Italy with a crisis like that unfolding.

"First thing in the morning," he said and then he glanced at Arie who still slept, oblivious to what was going on. He wasn't looking forward to breaking this news to her when she woke up.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Rome hated these wranglings with the union but a man had to do what a man had to do especially when that man happened to be CEO.

He glanced at the clock. Eleven fifty-six. Time to head down to the conference room for his meeting with the big guns.

He'd gotten up from around his desk and was heading for the door when it opened and Iyana peeped in.

"Time for you to get going," she said. "Got everything you need?"

"Outside of a bulletproof vest, yes." As he walked toward her she stepped aside and let him pass.

"Sure you're good after yesterday's flight?" she asked as he walked by. Then she threw a parting shot at his back. "Want me to come be your bodyguard?"

"I'll give you a shout if things get too rough," he shot back then shook his head as he heard her laughter echoing down the hallway.

Even though Iyana was laughing he hadn't been joking when he made that comment about her. She was bossy but she was also super-protective and when it came to defending her boss she went all out. He was sure she would find all kinds of excuses to pop in and out of the meeting just to check how things were going. If things looked bad she would not hesitate to break up the meeting and send the union leaders packing. Yes, she was a bossy one and Rome had had a hard time taking her down a notch, reminding her that he was the boss, training her not to be so overbearing. He was still working on that.

It was four exhausting hours before an agreement was reached and Rome was finally able to wrap up the meeting. "I trust that the terms are satisfactory," he said as he stared at the three men and two women sitting around the conference table. "The increase in overtime pay is far more generous than what prevails in the marketplace and there's no other firm I know in the State of Louisiana offering up to six months paid leave for illness or to facilitate caring for a family member."

"I believe we can work with this, Mr. Milano." Linda French, the union leader, gave him a satisfied smile. "We'll take this back to the workers. I believe they will go with your proposals."

"Thank you," he replied and before he could say another word Iyana appeared in the doorway, face grim, ready to escort the visitors out. They looked surprised at her quickness to dismiss them but that did not deter her. She stood at the door, waiting for them to stuff their papers in their cases and follow her to the door.

By the time she'd bid them farewell Rome was back in his office. "You must be glad that's over," she said. "Next time you decide to run off to Italy on vacation make sure you don't have any disgruntled employees waiting in the wings, ready to stir up trouble."

"I didn't go on vacation," he said, loosening his tie and walking over to flop down in his chair. "I had to take care of some important business."

Iyana frowned. "Business? But you didn't check in with the Europe office. I thought you went to see your family."

"I did. I had to go over to introduce my fiancee."

Iyana's head jerked back and her brows rose in surprise. "Your fiancee? What fiancee?" Then she caught herself, shaking her head then biting down on her lower lip, probably realizing how presumptuous that had sounded. "I'm sorry but...you're engaged?"

"Yes, for a couple of months now. We're getting married in the spring."

"I see..." The words trailed off as Iyana watched him, then her eyes narrowed. "I didn't even know you were seeing anyone, not since you broke up with that lady in Italy. You didn't tell me."

That got Rome's attention. Where he'd been lounging in his chair, tired after that hell of a meeting, now he sat forward and it was his turn to regard Iyana with narrowed gaze. "I don't make it a habit of discussing my personal life with my employees," he said, his voice cool. "You learned of Daniela by mere coincidence. The fact that I'm in this relationship has nothing to do with your responsibilities as my personal assistant."

For the second time in minutes Iyana's head jerked back. She looked like he'd just slapped her across the face. Then her brows fell. "I'm sorry," she said, looking more angry than sorry. "I overstepped my bounds. I'm very sorry. It won't happen again. Sir." With that, she turned and marched out of his office, pulling the door closed with such strength it was just shy of a slam.

Rome sagged back in his chair, baffled. What the hell was that all about?

***

Next day when Rome arrived at the office he was not in a good mood. After what had happened the evening before he could guess what a grizzly bear Iyana was going to be. He was not looking forward to it.

But when he got to the office she was not there. He was almost ashamed to admit it but he was relieved. "Damn coward," he muttered under his breath, chiding himself. It would almost be funny if it weren't so pathetic. A man afraid of his own employee. Although, when that employee was Iyana Jackson, who could blame him?

Rome went straight into his office, locked himself away and buried himself in the ton of work that had piled up when he'd been away. He was so absorbed in his task that he didn't surface until his cell phone rang and he glanced at the screen. Eleven twenty-nine and Arie was on the phone. Jeez. He'd been in office three hours already and the time had flown by like it was half an hour.

With an involuntary smile he swiped the screen to answer the call. "How's my favorite girl?" he asked. "Hard at work?"

"Yeah," she said with her usual tinkly laugh. "Lena's got me under pressure, saying I've got to catch up on all the work I left behind when I went to Italy. I've been working hard all morning but now I've got a better idea."

"Yeah? What's that?"

"I'm going to play truant," she said in a dramatic whisper, "and come and steal you away for lunch."

He laughed. "Now that sounds like a great idea. I could take a break myself. And besides, I miss you."

"Aaw, that's so sweet. I miss you, too, Boo-Boo."

That made Rome groan. "Please, not that god-awful name you gave me."

"But it's my special name for you, just because I love you."

Rome stifled a second groan. There was little you could do about an embarrassing nickname when your woman told you she loved you.

"I'm coming over to rescue you," she said. "I'm taking you to lunch. Be ready by twelve."

At exactly one minute before twelve Rome walked out of his office in anticipation of Arie arriving at the executive suite. The receptionist had buzzed him to say that she'd arrived and he wanted to be there to receive her when she got to his floor.

He was surprised when he stepped out into the main office and met Iyana just coming out of her office. "I thought you hadn't come in today," he said.

"I did," she replied, her answer curt and cool, then she turned as if heading in the same direction he was. "Carina said there's someone coming up to see you."

She marched off, not giving him a chance to respond, and then she was opening the door to usher Arie in, his fiancee's first visit to his office since the day months before when he'd been so presumptuous as to offer her an entry level job.

As soon as Arie saw him she smiled but before she could say a word he stepped forward to take her hand. "Iyana," he said, his voice even and matter-of-fact, "I'd like you to meet Arie Angelis, my fiancee."

Iyana gave a start of surprise but then she caught herself and gave Arie a cool nod. "We've met before. A few months back."

"Oh, you remember me," Arie said, giving the other woman a surprised smile. "I've only been here once. I wouldn't have thought you'd remember."

"I remember," Iyana said drily, looking like it was all she could do to not roll her eyes. "Welcome back."

"Thank you," Arie said, seeming oblivious to the chilliness of the reception. "I'm stealing your boss away for a couple of hours, if you don't mind. I'm taking him to lunch."

Iyana stared back at her for a couple of seconds longer than was polite and then she shrugged. "Enjoy your lunch. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a ton of work waiting for me." With those words she shut down the conversation and turned and headed for her own office.

Arie's eyebrows raised then she turned to Rome and gave him a quizzical look. "Not too friendly, is she?" she asked in a half-confused, half-peeved whisper. But then, as if nothing could dampen her mood, she brightened right away. "So are you hungry? I'm starving. Grab your handbag and let's go."

Rome laughed. Trust Arie to throw humor into any situation. Tucking her hand into the crook of his arm he escorted her out the door, determined to forget work and enjoy the next two hours with his wife-to-be.

It ended up that Rome spent far more than just two hours away from his office. After lunch he and Arie had gone for a drive and then they'd started talking and before they knew it the workday was coming to an end and they both ended up having to hurry back to office. That was how it was when you were with someone you loved. Time flew by fast and you didn't even realize it.

Now, though, he had to get back to reality. He still had loads of work on his desk and he wanted to get through a good portion of it before he headed for home. He'd barreled through the front door of his office suite and was on his way to his private quarters when Iyana stepped out of her office.

"You're back," she said. Two simple words but they sounded like accusation.

"Yes, and I'm going to be here for a while," he said, not pausing on his way to his office. "I've got a lot to finish up before the day is done."

He was almost to his door when she spoke again. "I know you're busy," she said in her recently-acquired frosty tone, "but I would like to see you for a minute before I leave. Is that all right?"

"Sure, sure," he said, slightly annoyed. Since when did Iyana have to ask permission to come in and see him? "Whenever you're ready."

He didn't look back as he went into his office and closed the door behind him. Soon he forgot about Iyana and talks and meetings and lost himself in the pile of papers on his desk.

When he heard a knock at his door he glanced at the time at the bottom of his computer screen. Exactly five o'clock. It had to be his assistant telling him she was heading for home. "Come in," he called out and did a quick stretch then reached up to lock his fingers behind his head as he leaned back in the swivel chair.

The door opened and Iyana walked in as he'd expected. "I'm leaving now," she said, walking right up to his desk, "but I wanted to give you this before I go." She held out a white envelope to him.

"Oh? What's this?" He unclasped his fingers and took it from her.

She didn't give him a chance to open it. "That," she said emphatically, "is my letter of resignation."

CHAPTER TWELVE

"Where is he?" Arie glanced at the clock for what must have been the fifth time. After they'd had lunch together two days earlier they'd agreed it was his turn to arrange their next dine-out. They'd decided to leave straight from work and discuss some wedding plans over dinner. He'd said he would come get her at five-thirty and it was already eight minutes after six.

"Relax, will you? He's probably caught in rush hour traffic. Give the man a chance." Lena, who was working late as usual, shook her head and gave Arie an indulgent smile. "You're probably hungry but another few minutes won't kill you."

"I'm starving," she said, "but it's not that. He didn't answer his cell phone. I just want to know he's okay."

The words hadn't left her mouth before Rome appeared in front of the glass doors and pushed them open. "Sorry about that," he said and nodded to Lena in greeting then walked over to Arie and planted a swift kiss on her forehead. "The day I had a flat tire was the day my cell phone went dead on me." He gave her a rueful grin. "I forgot to charge it last night."

That didn't let him off the hook. "You had me worried this whole time," she chided. "You've never heard of something called a car charger for your cell phone? You don't have one?"

"Yeah, I've been meaning to get one of those for the longest." He shrugged. "I just never got around to it."

"Well, guess what? First thing tomorrow you're going to get one. I don't ever want you to be stranded without the use of your phone." She'd been hiding her concern behind a stern exterior but now she dropped it and slid her arms around his waist. "I don't want anything to happen to you. Don't you know that?"

Rome dipped his head to kiss her on the nose. "I know that. I'll get the charger tomorrow. Promise."

They bid Lena farewell and headed off to Antoine's in the French Quarter. They didn't have reservations but luckily for them, because it was the middle of the week, there were free tables. They made themselves comfortable by the window looking out onto the street where musicians played and entertained passersby. While they had their meals of poulet aux champignons and chateaubriand they discussed their wedding plans.

"Like I said, nothing big. I hate too much fanfare." Arie took a sip of her pineapple juice.

Rome shrugged. "And like I said, it's your call. Big or small, I'll be there. But remember, I've got a huge family."

"I know," Arie said with a grimace. "A family that doesn't like me too much."

He gave her a look that was half regretful, half apologetic. "They're coming around," he said as if that should be comforting.

But it wasn't. Not really. She sighed and gave him a wistful smile. "Sometimes I wish you were more like me."

He gave her a quizzical look. "Meaning?"

She chuckled. "Things would be so much easier if you were alone. You know, no family to contend with. Then we could just go in front of a judge and be done with it."

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "I thought women loved the idea of big weddings."

"Not all women," she said, shaking her head. "Definitely not me."

"And I have no problem with that," he said. "We could get married in the bathtub if you want. I don't care. As long as I snag you I'm happy."

That made her laugh and then they got to talking about work and how much of it they had to wade through.

"Right now I'm worse off than you," Rome said, "taking care of things on my own. I still haven't found a temp I like. My HR manager is getting tired of me. Says I'm too picky."

"What do you mean?" Arie asked. "What's the temp for?"

"Remember my personal assistant?"

Arie smiled. "How could I forget Miss Frosty?"

"She quit."

Her smile disappeared. "She quit? How come?"

Rome shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine. That day we went out to lunch, when I came back she said she needed to see me then at day's end she walked into my office and handed me her resignation."

"Just like that?"

"Just like that."

Arie frowned. Something was not right with that picture. "And before that day she'd never given any indication that she was unhappy?"

"No sign at all," he said. "At least none that I noticed. It was the weirdest thing..." His voice trailed off and his gaze took on a look of confusion.

For some reason Arie didn't like the sound of that. In fact, thinking back on that afternoon she was beginning to remember some things that now seemed downright suspicious. The cool reception, the rolling of the eyes, the abrupt dismissal when the assistant was ready to go back to her office. It was all adding up to something that she was almost too scared to say out loud. But she had to.

"Rome," she said, her voice deceptively calm, "before that day you introduced me as your fiancee did your personal assistant know that you were engaged?"

He gave her a puzzled frown. "Not until the day before you dropped by. Why?"

For a moment Arie didn't answer. Was his puzzlement for real or was he hiding something? She decided to press further. "Why was she so frigid to me when I dropped by your office?"

Rome's frown deepened. "I don't know. PMS or something?"

Arie gave him a heated glare. Typical man. Why was that the first thing they threw out when a woman showed anger? But she wasn't going to let him throw her off track. She was on to something. She could feel it. "Let's explore that 'or something' you just mentioned. What else could have triggered that woman's ire toward me?"

"I dunno." Rome shrugged. "And what makes you think she had 'ire' toward you?"

She ignored the question. Even if he hadn't noticed it, she certainly had. The question wasn't whether it had happened but why. "Tell me something," she said, looking him straight in the eyes. "Is there anything going on between you and your personal assistant?"

Rome's head jerked up then his gaze narrowed as he stared back at her. "What kind of a question is that?"

So he was surprised by her question. That much was obvious. But was he surprised because of the question or because she'd hit a certain nail on the head? "It sounds to me," she said, her voice cool, "that your employee is emotionally involved with you. Is there anything more to that involvement than just emotions?"

Rome's jaw slackened. Then he scowled. "What the hell are you saying?"

"I'm saying," she replied, her voice beginning to rise. She caught herself and glanced around. Luckily, there was no-one seated close enough to hear her. "I'm saying," she said again, but calmer this time, "that your employee obviously has a thing for you. In fact, I would say she's totally in love. Do you deny it?"

"What the..." Rome looked like he didn't know what had hit him. In fact, he looked flummoxed. Damn, he was good. His consternation was almost convincing. "If Iyana was in love with me I had no idea."

Arie didn't bother to hide her skepticism. "That," she said, her tone bitter, "I find hard to believe."

***

Rome paced the floor of his bedroom, mumbling to himself like a madman. And he might as well be insane, with all he was going through. It was now two hours since he'd parted from Arie and he still felt like he'd been whacked with a two-by-four. How the heck had he ended up in this crazy situation?

He was in the doghouse with two women and for reasons unknown to him. It seemed that Iyana was upset because he'd gotten engaged, so upset that she'd gone and quit on him. What? Had she expected him to ask her permission first?

And then, as if that weren't bad enough, Arie had gone and gotten mad because Iyana was mad that he was engaged. Women! He would never figure them out, not if he lived to be a hundred.

Exhausted from his pacing and his ruminations, Rome dropped down onto the bed then reached for his glass of brandy. He sipped slowly as he pondered his next move. Finally, he came to one conclusion. If he would have peace in his life there was nothing to do but get to the bottom of this Iyana mystery. He would have to track her down and get some answers. It was too late to reach out to her now but he would tackle her first thing in the morning.

After a fitful sleep Rome got up, bleary-eyed and groggy, but satisfied that he had a clear plan for the day. He wasn't even going into office. He would not rest until he'd had a serious talk with Miss Iyana Jackson, a talk that would end with her agreeing to speak with Arie to set things straight. It would be as simple as that.

But, as oftentimes happens in life, things were not quite that simple. The first problem was, Iyana was not answering her cell phone. He called four times that morning and left two voice messages. It got to the point where he felt like a stalker. He wasn't going to call that number again.

He hated to do it but he called the home number he found on her file. The result was even worse. At least he'd been able to leave a voice message on her cell phone. When he tried the house phone all he got was a recording that the number had been disconnected.

After two text messages and an email his back was against the wall. He grimaced at the thought but there was nothing left to do but go to her home. He had to understand her real reason for leaving and, somehow, he had to get her to explain all that to Arie. If he could only get Iyana to talk to her and get Arie to listen then everything would be resolved. If clarification didn't come from him but directly from Iyana's mouth then Arie would have no alternative but to believe.

It was almost noon when he hopped into his car and sped off to Metairie. Iyana's home was not hard to find. Nestled at the end of the road, the neat little house was circled by an abundance of flowers that had obviously been tended with great care.

He pulled up in front of it and as he walked toward the house he took in the slightly peeling paint and the worn rocking chair on the front porch. Despite the subtle signs of age the house was beautiful, with windows that were clear and sparkling with soft white curtains falling behind them. On the front door was a cheerful wreath and on the ground in front was a wide mat that said, 'Welcome to our home'. The place had a happy, lived-in look to it, one that he liked.

Rome crossed the porch and, not seeing a bell, he tapped at the front door. He got an immediate response.

"Coming," a cheery voice called out and then he heard footsteps approaching.

He straightened, preparing to introduce himself to someone from Iyana's family. Maybe it was her mother who would answer the door or probably her sister. Whoever it was, he already liked her. There had to be a beautiful person connected with that pleasant voice.

When the door opened it was Iyana who stood in the entrance.

Rome's brows lifted in surprise. Iyana calling out a greeting in a happy, lilting voice? How was it that he'd never seen this side of his curt, no-nonsense personal assistant?

Obviously surprised, her eyes widened and the smile froze on her face. She looked just as shocked to see him as he was to see her in a lighthearted mood.

"Rome, what are you doing here?" Her voice was breathless as she stared up at him. Then her eyes narrowed and the old Iyana, the one he knew so well, began to creep back. "Are you here to order me back to work?" she demanded. "Because it's not going to happen."

He didn't get a chance to respond. He was opening his mouth to speak when another voice made him pause.

"Yana, who is it, baby?" It was the heavy, rumbling voice of a man.

Caught off guard, Rome stared at Iyana, waiting for her next move. He'd hurried to this woman's house, not even thinking of what he would find upon arrival. Now he'd probably put her in an embarrassing position - a man showing up on her doorstep when she obviously had company.

She swung away from him. "Coming," she said, again in that super-cheerful tone he'd come to associate with her alter ego. When she turned back to face him, though, she looked serious. "Rome, why are you here?" she asked, the smile in her voice gone. "As you can see, I'm busy."

He nodded. "I know and I'm sorry to disturb you but we need to talk. It's very important."

She gave him a look sharp with suspicion. "About what?"

"We won't talk about it now," he said, wanting to end the conversation quickly. "Just tell me when's good for you and I'll be back." Then he added, "Or we can meet somewhere. Anywhere. I just need to talk to you."

He didn't know if curiosity got the better of Iyana but instead of sending him on his way she stepped back and held the door open. "No, we'll talk now," she said firmly. "Come in."

For the second time since showing up on her front porch Rome raised his eyebrows in surprise. So, company or not, she was inviting him in? Then he did a mental shrug and stepped forward. He could only assume she knew what she was doing.

He found himself in a spacious living room with colorful rugs on the floor, a piano against a wall and a plasma TV that had to be at least seventy inches. The short, squat vase on the glass table in the middle of the room was overflowing with roses, orchids and jasmine that gave the place a flowery fragrance. The room was an intriguing mix of old world and new.

"Have a seat," Iyana said, waving him over to a wide sofa covered with an intricately embroidered quilt. "I'll be right back."

He did as he was told, going over to the sofa as his hostess disappeared into another room. And then he heard the heavy male voice again. "Is it Michael?" the voice asked. "Tell him to come on back here. That's easier than me going up front to see him."

"No, it's not Michael," was Iyana's reply. "I've got...a visitor. My ex-boss." The last words sounded tight, like she was clenching her teeth as she said them.

"Is that so? Bring him on back here. I want to meet him."

Rome's brows shot up again. Iyana's man wanted to meet him? After she'd suddenly quit on him? He couldn't help but wonder what story she'd fed the man. Even he didn't know her reason for leaving so what had she told her boyfriend?

Within five seconds the woman in question was back, beckoning to him. "Can you come with me, please? There's someone who would like to meet you."

"Don't I know it," he muttered under his breath but to Iyana he gave a brusque nod and got up from his perch. "I'm right behind you," he said as if the pending introduction did not bother him one bit.

She turned and led the way and soon they came to a sunny kitchen where an elderly man sat by a window overlooking a garden that was even more impressive than the ones at the front. The man was sitting in a wheelchair.

"Ho there," he said with a wave and a broad smile. "Is this the famous Rome Milano I've been hearing so much about?" He stuck his hand out for a shake, not waiting for an answer. "Come on over, young man. Let me greet you properly."

The man's grin was infectious and although Rome had no idea what Iyana had been telling him about her 'ex-boss' as she so eloquently described him, he somehow felt comfortable in the elder's presence. It was actually a relief to be shaking hands with a senior rather than someone who could have been Iyana's beau.

Rome took his weathered hand. "Pleased to meet you, Mr...." He paused, realizing he had no idea whose hand he was holding. Iyana's father, maybe?

"This is my grandfather, Andrew Jackson. Gramps, meet my boss, Rome Milano." Then, as if catching her blunder, Iyana mumbled, "I mean my ex-boss."

"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Jackson," Rome said, giving the man's hand a hearty shake.

"Welcome to our home," Mr. Jackson said then dropped his hands and wheeled his chair close to the kitchen table. "Take a load off," he said. "Have a seat and we can share a pot of tea."

That almost made Rome smile. He hadn't expected Mr. Jackson would be a tea-drinker. It was a stereotype but it made him sound so British.

"Uh, Gramps, Mr. Milano can't stay. He's sort of...in a hurry." Iyana made sure she was standing at an angle where Andrew Jackson couldn't see her face as she sent a speedy message to Rome with her eyes. The message was, 'no tea for you, just move along'.

Rome could take a hint. "I'm sorry, Mr. Jackson, but Iyana's right. I can't stay."

"That's too bad," he began but his granddaughter was already moving toward the exit, giving Rome eyes that obviously meant, 'let's go'.

Dutifully, he gave a bow of farewell to the gracious old man and followed his ex-personal assistant back to the living room.

Quickly, she pulled the door closed then turned to face him. "Now will you tell me what this is about? I'm sure it's not a social visit."

He didn't bother to beat around the bush. "I need your help," he said urgently. "I need you to come with me to see Arie to clear up something."

Iyana's gaze narrowed and she folded her arms across her chest. "Something like what?"

"I need you to tell Arie what your feelings are toward me. She's got all kinds of crazy ideas and I won't get any peace until this thing has been discussed and put to bed." He gave her a look he hoped was pleading enough to sway her.

She didn't seem convinced. "Why should I do something like that?"

"Count it as your good deed for the day, Iyana. Heck, it can count for the whole week. Just help me out, will you?" Now he was really pleading and he didn't even care. He needed her help and if he had to beg to get it, that was exactly what he would do.

"Would she have to come here?" she asked and Rome almost kissed her. The question meant she was actually considering it.

"No, I'll pick you up," he said quickly, "or we can meet you someplace of your choosing. I just need you to do this for me as soon as possible. This evening, maybe?"

"No," she said with a quick shake of her head. "I have to take Gramps to oncology at five." She bit her bottom lip then flashed him a look that said she hadn't meant for that slip out.

"I'm sorry?" he said, immediately picking up on the significance of what she'd said. "Your grandfather has cancer?"

Iyana's lips tightened and a cloud seemed to descend over her face but she nodded. "Yes. He's got to do chemo this evening. I can't do this for you until tomorrow."

"Of course," he said instantly, a wave of guilt washing over him. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

"No." Quickly, she shook her head. "I'm already doing all that can be done. Please..." For a moment she looked confused, as if caught between a rock and a hard place. "Can we talk about this when I get back tonight? I'll call you after Gramps is in bed."

"Iyana, if it's too much-"

"No, I'll call you. I just...need to get back to him now."

It was a pensive Rome who drove away from Iyana's home that afternoon. She'd worked for him almost two years and he hadn't even been aware of what she was going through.

And then another thought came to him. He hadn't even asked her why she'd quit.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

"I don't think she's coming," Arie said, looking peeved as she toyed with her fork. "Let's just go."

"Just relax," Rome said, taking the fork from her fingers. "Just cut her some slack. Remember I told you, she's got a lot on her plate."

That made Arie look pensive. "I know. It's just..." She sighed. "I don't see the point of all this."

"The point of all this," Rome said, "is that we need to have the truth laid out on the table. We can't go on like this. We have to do this."

Another sigh and then Arie gave him a rueful smile. "I guess you're right. I know she's going through a lot and I don't want to judge her. Maybe I was unfair, jumping to conclusions like that."

"You were," Rome said, giving her a pseudo-stern look. "You'll see."

It was another nine minutes before Iyana pushed open the door to Cafe Beignet, her eyes scanning the place in search of them.

"Over here." Rome put up his hand and she immediately hurried over.

"I'm sorry," she said, sounding breathless. "I got held up at my appointment."

"Something to do with Gramps?" Rome frowned, concern for the old man at the forefront of his mind.

"No, nothing like that." She shook her head as she slid into the vacant chair across the table. "It had to do with...a job." She seemed hesitant to share that piece of information, even embarrassed. Considering who she was sharing that information with, it was understandable.

Rome decided to change the subject. "May I get you something? Coffee? Tea?"

"No, nothing please. I can't stay long. You wanted me to come here. To answer questions, you said. Well, I'm here. Ask." It was only at this point that she turned her attention to Arie and her stare was cool, with just a hint of challenge.

It was a bit unsettling but Rome was the one who had hounded these women until they'd decided to meet so there was nothing left to do but get that ball rolling. "You ladies already know each other," he said, "so I'll get right to it."

He paused, trying to find the right words. When he'd planned this it had seemed so easy but now that the time was here it was like he was lost for words. He cleared his throat then turned his attention to the woman sitting across from him. He decided to plunge right in. "Iyana, I asked you to meet with us because Arie has drawn the most farfetched conclusion." He chuckled but it sounded awkward even to his own ears. "She thinks you quit because you fell in love with me." This time he laughed out loud but he was the only one laughing while the two women stared daggers at each other.

It was not a good sign but he pressed on. "If you could just tell Arie the truth it would clear the air once and for all. Please. Tell her your position because she won't believe me."

Iyana lifted an eyebrow as she shifted her attention to him. "My position?"

"Yes, tell Arie exactly how you feel about me." Rome had to fight to keep the impatience out of his voice. "That's all I ask and then I won't bother you ever again."

For several seconds Iyana just stared back at him, her eyes bleak. When she finally spoke her voice was low. "I'm not sure you want me to do that," she said.

Losing the battle to his annoyance, Rome glared at her. "Why the hell not?"

"Because," she said, as she looked him straight in the eyes, "I'm in love with you."

***

"What the..." Rome felt the blood drain from his face. "What did you say?"

Iyana did not repeat herself. She just sat there, staring back at him, her eyes defiant.

"I knew it. How could you? Have you been cheating on me?" With those words, the first she had spoken since Iyana's arrival, Arie exploded. But the target of her tirade was not Iyana but Rome.

And Rome was floored. His world was crumbling around his ears and there was nothing he could do to stop it. Arie was bristling beside him but his eyes were fixed on Iyana. "Why the devil would you say something like that?" he demanded, the anger mounting inside him.

"Because it's true." And those words, so simply but so clearly expressed, were what finally damned him.

As soon as the words left Iyana's lips Arie tore into him. "So this woman has been working for you, how long? Almost two years? Working with you every day, in love with you, and you had no idea? Do you expect me to believe that?" Suddenly, she switched from Rome to the other woman. "Were you involved with Rome?"

Iyana was beginning to look sullen but she answered nonetheless. "Not physically, no." Emphasis on the word 'physically'. And the way she said it, soft and seductive, made it seem like, physical or not, there'd been a whole lot going on.

And if Rome hadn't known it before, he knew it now - he was in big trouble.

"Okay, I've answered your question," Iyana said, rising. "I've got to go." And just like that, after dropping her bombshell, she walked away, leaving Rome in the deepest mess he'd been in, in his life.

"So there was nothing going on between the two of you, right?" Arie's tone was so sarcastic it was clear she meant the exact opposite. "You had an emotional thing going and yet you said there was nothing between the two of you." Her eyes flashing, she clenched her teeth as she bit out the words. "What did you guys do all day? Flirt with each other?" And then, as if a thought suddenly struck her, she gasped. "You took her on that trip with you, that trip to Italy. You told me it was just business but it was a lot more than that." She gave him a look so full of hurt that his heart quaked. For the second time that night she cried, "How could you?"

Arie shot up from her chair and grabbed her purse. "I'm leaving."

Her movement shocked Rome out of his stupor and he reached out to grab her hand. "No, wait. We have to talk. It's not what you think."

Her eyes narrowed as she looked down at him. "Isn't it?"

"No, it's not. Sit down Arie. You can't leave in the heat of the moment like this, not until we talk." Rome kept his voice low and even but inside he was in turmoil. Would she think of leaving him over something as petty as this? He would never let that happen. He had to make her see the truth.

But Arie would not budge. "No," she said, pulling her hand from his grasp. "I can't bear to sit here with you a minute longer. I need..." She put a hand to her forehead, looking bewildered. "I need some time...to think about this." Then she shook her head. "I...we need to take a break for a while. I can't deal with this." With a sob, she turned and hurried away, practically running out the door.

And Rome sat there watching her flight, wanting to run after her but knowing that right now she needed her space.

He could only hope that when he reached out to her, her emotions would have settled enough so that he could tell her his side of the story.

***

"Good morning, Mrs. Mullings." Rome gave his temp what he hoped was a pleasant smile even though he felt like his heart had died inside. It had been four days since he'd last seen his fiancee and with each day that passed he was falling deeper and deeper into despair. Would he ever regain the love and respect of his beloved Arie?

He walked into his office and closed the door behind him then dropped his laptop bag on the desk and sank down into his chair. He was definitely in no mood to work today. Deep in thought, he tilted back in his chair and raised his feet to prop them, ankles crossed, on the edge of his desk.

He'd called Arie the same evening of the incident but she'd refused to pick up the phone. He hadn't persisted, wanting to give her time to calm down. Next day he called three times before she picked up the call and when they spoke, her side of the conversation had been terse. He called every day after that, asking to see her, and each time she'd refused. He'd thought she would come around by now but things were ending up being just the opposite. It was like, with each passing day, her resolve to stay away from him was hardening into stone.

Lost in his dismal thoughts, he jumped when there was a tap at his door. Quickly, he slid his feet to the floor and straightened up in his chair. It wouldn't do to have Mrs. Mullings, the matron he'd chosen as his temp, walking in to find her boss lounging like he was in his sofa at home. Despite his depressed mood, the least he could do was act like a professional while in office.

"Come in," he called out and Mrs. Mullings walked in, looking apologetic.

"I'm sorry to disturb you, Mr. Milano," she said in her gentle voice. "There's a young lady here to see you. She doesn't have an appointment but she insists that it's urgent."

Rome's heart leaped inside his chest. "Is it Arie?" he asked and when his assistant gave him a puzzled look he shook his head. Of course Mrs. Mullings wouldn't know who he was talking about. She'd never met his fiancee. "Miss Angelis, I meant. Did she say her name is Arie Angelis?"

"No," she said with a shake of her head. "This lady's name is Iyana Jackson."

The words hit Rome hard. His hopes had shot through the roof with the announcement but his visitor was not Arie. Worse, it was the woman who had destroyed his life.

"What does she want?" he bit out, but the shocked look on Mrs. Mullings' face made him tone it down fast. "Did she say?"

"No, just that it was urgent."

"Send her in, please."

The woman nodded and went back to the main office. When she returned, the unexpected guest in tow, it was a subdued Iyana who came into the room.

When Mrs. Mullings left, closing the door behind her, Rome waved Iyana to the vacant chair but his demeanor was far from welcoming. "I can't say this is a pleasant surprise," he said, regarding her with a look just shy of contempt.

She sank into the chair, holding her purse on her lap like it was some kind of shield. "I'm sorry to barge in on you like this," she said, her voice surprisingly quiet, "but I had to talk to you."

"About what? Don't you think you've done enough?" Rome sat forward in his chair and rested his folded arms on his desk as he glared at the woman sitting across from him. "In fact, the last time you agreed to talk you did a damn good job of sabotaging my future with the woman I love."

She had the grace to look ashamed. "I know," she said and dropped her gaze to her hands clutching her purse. "I'm so sorry." There was a pause and then she looked up at him and the tears he saw glistening in her eyes made him frown in surprise. "I know I did a terrible thing," she said, her voice trembling. "I know you'll never be able to forgive me but I had to see you to explain why I did it." She drew in a shaky breath then continued. "You didn't know it but I was in love with you. I've felt that way for a long time." She shook her head. "When you hit me with the news that you were engaged I was devastated. I knew all along that my love for you was an impossible dream, but still..." her voice trailed off and she dropped her gaze again, "you can't stop a girl from dreaming, can you?"

He didn't answer. What the hell could he say? According to what Iyana was saying she'd been in love with him all this time and he'd been too daft to realize it. And the irony of it all was that her feelings for him, now coming to the surface, was what had sunk him like a stone.

"I was jealous," Iyana was saying. "So jealous I couldn't see straight. That's why I quit and that's why I did what I did."

Iyana shook her head again, as if trying to free her mind of the memory. "There's absolutely no excuse for my behavior. All I can say is, I'm sorry." She gave him an earnest look. "I hope you don't think I came in here to ask for my job back. I think we agree that would be impossible. I loved you from a distance but as an employee I should never have overstepped my bounds, not even emotionally. The problem was all on my end." She sighed. "And now it's time for me to accept reality and move on."

When Rome still said nothing she tilted her head to one side and on her face was a look of regret. "Is there anything I can do to make things right?"

Rome didn't have to think twice before he gave her his answer. After the stunt she'd pulled when he'd invited her to speak with Arie he would never trust her again. Maybe he could forgive but he would never forget.

If there was any hope of salvaging his relationship with Arie he would have to do it himself.

"No," he said, his voice firm. "There's nothing you can do. Absolutely nothing."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Five days and counting. Arie knew she was probably being an idiot, refusing to see Rome, but she couldn't help herself. The truth was, she was scared.

She loved him so much that it was easy for him to hurt her and with Iyana that was exactly what he'd done. How could she trust him to get close again? But despite her fear she was suffering terribly. She was dying to see him.

She'd come into office early that morning, intent on losing herself in her work. That plan ended up being a joke. Instead of working, she'd stared at the computer screen then at the papers on her desk then at the telephone then at the closed office door. She'd got up and paced the floor. She'd gone to stand by the window where she'd stared out at the parking lot for several minutes at a time. After that she'd gone and flopped back down in her chair. She'd gotten up and then she'd done everything all over again, and it was all in an attempt to keep her itching fingers from grabbing the phone and dialing Rome's number.

Thank God she'd planned to swing by a banquet hall where she would be catering a wedding in the next two weeks. At least that would take her out of the office and provide her with some distraction that would hopefully take her mind off the man she loved...the same man who made her clench her fists every time she thought about his betrayal.

She hopped up from her chair for the third time but this time it was to grab her purse. She would not linger a moment longer. Time to get some air.

She was halfway to the door when the phone on her desk began to ring. She hesitated, feeling like she should ignore it, but then the dutiful side of her won out and she dashed back to her desk and picked up the receiver. It was Marilyn, the receptionist.

"Miss Jackson is here to see you, Arie."

Arie frowned. "Miss...Jackson?" She couldn't recall an appointment scheduled for this time. She didn't even know who this 'Miss Jackson' was. "From?" she asked, hoping the company name would jog her memory.

"She didn't say. All she said was, she needs to see you urgently."

That made Arie raise her eyebrows. Weird. "Well...okay," she said, her voice hesitant, but she hung up the phone and went to hook the strap of her handbag on the back of her chair then sat, making ready to greet her visitor.

But when the door opened it wasn't a potential client who walked through the door but the woman who had turned her life upside down. Miss Jackson was none other than Iyana.

Arie stood and as soon as Marilyn had closed the door the words flew out of her mouth. "Why did you come here? What's this about? Have you come to finish the job?"

Iyana looked startled by her vehemence. She stayed right where she was by the door and put up her hands, palms facing forward. "Please, I'm not here to cause any trouble. If you'll just hear me out, just for a minute, I'll be out of here and out of your life for good."

Arie stared at her, the suspicion rising within. She didn't trust this woman as far as she could throw her. "Go ahead," she said, folding her arms in front of her. "Say your piece and then go."

Iyana looked uncomfortable. She probably took note that Arie hadn't even bothered to offer her a seat but remained standing herself, watching and waiting. When she spoke her voice was hesitant. "I know you probably hate me and you have every reason to. I came here to tell you how sorry I am for all the trouble I've caused."

Arie's eyes narrowed. "Did Rome put you up to this?"

"No, not at all." Iyana shook her head vigorously. "He doesn't even know I'm here. Please don't tell him I came to see you. He hates me enough already. I just...I just had to see you to explain that he had absolutely no idea how I felt about him." She drew in a deep breath then let it out with a heavy sigh. "I know I gave the impression that there was something between us but it was a lie. I only did that because I envied what you had. I was hurting so...I wanted you to hurt, too."

As Arie watched, Iyana drew her bag in front of her, as if protecting herself. "Rome is a good man. He doesn't deserve to lose you because of me. He did nothing wrong. I just wanted you to know that."

For the life of her, Arie didn't know how to respond. What do you say to the person who successfully screwed up your life, made you think the man you loved was a cad, and then showed up out of the blue to sing his praises?

"I'm not here to ask you to forgive me," the woman said, filling the awkward silence. "I just wanted to set things straight. Thank you for seeing me." She turned to go but then she paused and turned to look back at Arie. "And like I said before, I think it's best if you don't tell Rome I came to see you. I doubt he would appreciate my dropping in on you like this." She turned away again and took a step toward the door just as it swung open.

"Arie, I'm tired of this. I have to see you." Rome burst into the room, looking flustered and impatient. "Why are you avoiding m-?" He came to an abrupt halt, the words hanging in the air as his gaze fell on Iyana. His brows lifted in surprise then, just as quickly, they fell, gathering into a dark scowl. "You again? Haven't you done enough? What mischief do you want to make now?"

His gaze flashed to Arie. "Are you okay? Did she try to hurt you?"

Then, before she could even respond he was back on Iyana, demanding to know what she was doing there. "Give it up, Iyana," he growled. "Coming here to harass Arie is not going to make me love you. In fact, if you're trying to make me hate you, you're doing a damn good job."

With the fascination of an observer at a street brawl Arie watched as, with every word Rome uttered, Iyana seemed to wilt right in front of him, slipping deeper and deeper into despair. She stood frozen, staring at Rome in obvious shock and pain.

All of a sudden Arie couldn't take it. Right in the middle of the tirade she walked over to the crestfallen Iyana and put a hand on her arm. She looked over at Rome and gave a quick shake of her head, which meant he'd said enough. "There's no problem here," she told him. "Iyana and I were just having a little talk. Now make yourself comfortable," she said as she steered the shell-shocked woman toward the door, "while we ladies finish our business outside."

And as they went out she slid a comforting arm around Iyana's shoulder, knowing that Rome must think her the craziest woman on earth.

***

A whole week passed before she was able to clear Iyana's look of devastation from her mind. The woman had caused her pain but that didn't stop Arie from feeling sorry for her. That was why she'd comforted her in the face of her fiance's fury.

Of course, on the day of the incident as soon as she'd returned to the office he'd demanded to know what the exchange had been about.

"The woman loved you, Rome. We both know that now. Mind you, she went about things the wrong way, but what you said," she shook her head, "you were pretty tough on her. What she did was wrong but she's human."

A couple of seconds passed as Rome seemed to contemplate her words but then he cocked his head to one side and this time he was regarding her with a hint of bewilderment. "You're not angry with her?"

Arie lifted her shoulders then let them fall. It wasn't so much a shrug as a movement reflecting her own confusion. "I guess I don't hate her. For a moment I put myself in her shoes and I thought, why wouldn't she fall for you? I can't be the only one who sees what a great man you are." Then she smiled. "Not to mention, deliciously handsome."

That made Rome smile, too, the granite in his face softening. "So you've forgiven her?"

The question made Arie think and, to her own surprise, the answer came back positive. "I guess I have. I don't respect what she tried to do when she found out about me but I can't hate her for it." Then she shrugged. "Nobody's perfect, right?"

With a smile, Rome went to her and pulled her into his arms. "Except you," he said as he dipped his head to give her kiss. "You're one in a million."

That had made her feel good but even more important she was relieved that things were now back to normal between the two of them. Now they were one week closer to their wedding and, most exciting of all, Maya would be home at the end of the month.

That evening Rome swung by the house as they'd planned. There was so much to do. They were preparing for a wedding and a family, both at the same time. Thankfully, the decoration of the nursery was already done but they still had to get one or two pieces, such as a changing table and a diaper pail, then they would be ready to welcome their daughter into her new home.

Her fiance was all smiles as he walked in the door. "How's my favorite girl?"

She happily walked into his embrace. "How's my favorite guy?"

He kissed the top of her head then gently put her away from him and held out a brown box. "I've got something for you."

Her eyes lit up. "What is it?"

He shrugged. "I have no idea."

She laughed. "You're the one giving it to me. If anyone should know what's in that box it should be you."

"But this box came from Amazon, delivered to my office this morning, with your name on it. You didn't order anything from them?"

"Nope, not that I can recall. And even if I did, why would I give them your office address?"

Rome gave her a weird look. "You'd better stay here," he said, heading off in the direction of the kitchen. "I don't want you near when I open this box. Can't be too careful."

"And what about you?" Arie began but Rome had already disappeared, leaving her standing there, uncertain and just a little bit scared.

Seconds later he called out to her. Immediately she scurried off toward him, heart pounding just a little, but when she saw his huge grin her apprehension melted away.

"What is it?" she asked, curiosity now getting the better of her. She went over to peer into the box but Rome saved her the trouble when he lifted out something soft and puffy and yellow and held it up high.

"It's for Maya," he said. "Her first little blankie."

"From your parents?" She took the note he held out to her. She peered at it then read out loud, "I know what you did for me. Thank you for your forgiveness. Here is a gift for the little one. Wishing you safe delivery. God bless! Iyana." Her gaze flew to Rome. "Iyana?"

"Iyana," he said with a smile. "It looks like she wants to help us welcome the baby home." Then he chuckled. "One day she overheard me say something about the baby so I guess she put two and two together. Apparently, she thinks you're pregnant. "

But that wasn't what had caught Arie's attention. She looked back at the note. "I know what you did for me?" She lifted her gaze and gave Rome a pointed look. "When I asked you to use your contacts to get her another job I didn't want you to tell her. You said you wouldn't."

Immediately, he lifted his hands as if in self-defense. "I didn't. I swear. She must have guessed."

She pondered that for a second and then she nodded. "She probably did."

But then Rome broke into her thoughts. "Why did you do it, Arie? After what she did, why did you ask me to help her?"

She smiled then took the blanket from Rome's fingers and began to stroke its softness. "Iyana has a lot to worry about right now. You told me she's caring for her sick grandfather. Now is not the time for her to be without a job." She gave him a gentle smile. "I'm glad you were able to help."

"No, you did it."

She nodded. "We both did."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

When the day finally came for Maya to be delivered into Arie's care she was as nervous as a kitten. What if the baby refused to come to her? What if she cried and clung to her nurse instead? It was only Rome's constant reassurance that kept her from crumbling. She wanted this so badly. She prayed everything would be perfect.

And, to her relief, it was. As if she remembered Arie from the earlier visit, as if she knew this was her rightful place, Maya settled herself in her new mother's arms and immediately proceeded to pull on her hair.

Rome laughed out loud. "I guess we know what fascinates her. As long as she's got your hair to pull on, she'll be fine."

The flight back home was a happy one, with Arie singing to her daughter during the times when she was awake. She kept tickling the baby's legs and playing peek-a-boo. Sometimes she would entertain her with 'The Wheels on the Bus' and 'This Old Man'. Other times she would just stare at her and smile.

"She's grown so much," she said to Rome as he reclined the chair and watched them, a satisfied smile on his face.

"She's all of twelve months old now," he said. "Our 'big' little girl."

"I know," Arie breathed, as she stared at the baby in wonder. "Time flies so fast. Before you know it you'll be beating the boys from our door."

That made Rome wince. "Let's not even go there. Let me enjoy her childhood before you remind me about the teenage years. Not looking forward to it."

Arie reached over and patted his arm. "Aaw, did I scare you? You never know. Maya may be an angel all the way through. Who says she has to turn into a defiant teen?"

Rome gave a snort. "It's not Maya I'm worried about. It's those damn boys who'll be fishing around."

Instead of sympathizing with him, Arie gave him a look of reprimand. "Rome, you said the 'D' word. Watch your mouth, sir. We have a baby now."

"Right. Sorry." Looking suitably chastened he went back to singing 'The Wheels on the Bus' while Arie played out the actions and Maya babbled and laughed.

Arie soon found out, though, that taking care of a little one wasn't all songs and laughter. When they got to New Orleans the first few days were great because Rome had taken time off from work to spend with them at the house. After he went back to his duties it was a whole different story. What she hadn't anticipated was how exhausted she would be, getting up to feed Maya and rock her back to sleep two, sometimes three times a night. For some reason the baby refused to sleep through the night. She'd taken leave from work so the days she spent bonding with the baby were a charm. It was the nights that proved the killer. She could hardly wait until the wedding when Rome would join them and then he would share the nighttime duty. Hopefully.

Arie knew this was one of the many adjustments she would have to make, being a parent. There would be things she would sail through with ease and then there would be stumbles along the way. There was no guarantee that parenthood would be stress-free. In fact, it was sort of a given that it wouldn't be, but she was ready to take on each and every challenge headfirst.

A couple of weeks before the wedding she had a particularly difficult time, though. Maya had been fussy all day and now that night had fallen she just would not sleep. Arie was finally able to put the baby in her crib just after seven o'clock and, tired from dashing after the child all day, shielding her from all the dangers she seemed determined to explore, at eight o'clock she climbed wearily into bed.

She was just drifting into sweet sleep when a noise jerked her awake. "Maya?" she mumbled then the sound shrilled again. It wasn't Maya. It was the phone.

Still groggy she reached over and grabbed the receiver. "Hello?"

"Arie, it's Vittorio. How are you, my dear?"

For a second she thought she was imagining things. Vittorio being nice? What had wrought such a miracle? "I'm fine, Vittorio. Is everything okay?" She hoped he wasn't calling and being nice because he had some bad news to break to her. "Is everything all right with the family?"

"Perfect," he said immediately, "except for one thing."

Frowning, she propped herself up on one elbow. "What's that?"

He cleared his throat. "Lily and I were talking and we decided we're not coming to New Orleans for your wedding."

Arie's heart tightened. She'd known it all along but to hear it from Vittorio's lips was still a blow. She would never be accepted by the family. Now they were boycotting her wedding. But why did he have to sound so happy at the telling? "Oh," she said, nonplussed. "I'm sorry to hear that."

"Don't be," he said smugly. "We've decided you and Rome are going to get married right here in Italy."

"What?" Now Arie sat up straight. "We can't get married in Italy. We've already made all the arrangements here."

"Yes, yes, a small wedding with just family and close friends." Vittorio's tone said none of that was important. "I know what you said but Lily and I were talking and we were saying how we need to make things up to you, make you see how much we want to welcome you into the family. What better way than to throw you the perfect wedding right here where the entire family can get to meet you? Rome has aunts and uncles and tons of cousins who want to be there."

"Vittorio, are you serious?" Arie asked, incredulous. "The wedding is just two weeks away."

"Plenty of time for my team to pull things together," he said with confidence.

"But I would have to cancel everything..." Her voice trailed off. It wouldn't be impossible. After all, they'd only planned a small event. But what about her friends? There was no way she was getting married without Lena by her side. "I can't do that, Vittorio," she said firmly. "I can't disappoint my friends."

"No-one will be disappointed. They'll be flown to Italy in my private jet. We'll arrange accommodation for everyone." Then he chuckled. "And who knows? Your friends may love a free trip to Rome, compliments of your father-in-law."

It was the way he said it that finally convinced her. Vittorio really wanted to please her. And, to be honest, changing plans wouldn't be so hard. It wasn't like she had a lot of friends. Even more convenient, she had no family, none outside of Maya. And then she smiled as she thought about it. Lena and Marylin would love the free trip to Italy. She was sure of it. "Maybe," she said, thinking out loud. "Maybe we can make it happen but I'd have to speak with Rome first."

"Beat you to it," Vittorio said. "He's on board. He just wanted me to clear it with you before he made any commitments." Vittorio chuckled. "Smart boy."

Arie didn't know what to say to that. Vittorio had gone ahead and had discussions behind her back. She should be peeved about that. She should definitely be annoyed. Somehow, though, all she felt like doing was exactly what Vittorio had suggested. Right then, what she wanted to do was focus on her baby and let somebody else worry about pulling the wedding together. Like Rome told her once, it was so much easier if, on the appointed day, you just showed up.

It was so tempting to take him up on his offer. Maybe she was just tired. She sighed. "All right, Vittorio. It sounds like it could work. Can we talk about this tomorrow?" She was dying to catch a few winks before Maya woke up for her feeding.

But, like she'd sent her a message by telepathy, the baby woke long before feeding time, letting out a wail so loud it had Arie cringing.

"Is that the bambina?" Vittorio asked, his tone indulgent. "What is the matter with her?"

Arie sighed. "I think she's teething. I've tried everything but nothing works. She's so cranky. Can you hold on a second?"

She ran and got the baby and tried desperately to hush and soothe her as she again reached for the phone. Maya only wailed louder. "I don't know what to do," Arie cried, almost going crazy with frustration. "I tried everything."

Then she heard Vittorio call out, "Lily, time to come work your magic on your grandbaby."

And that was how Arie finally got some sleep that night. Lily had the perfect answer for teething, an old Italian remedy - a bit of lemon skin to rub on the gums. She tried it immediately and it worked like a charm.

And then Lily said the one thing that gave Arie a level of comfort that made her sleep soundly that night. "If you have any questions about the baby never hesitate to call me," the older woman said. "Remember, I'm your mother now."

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"My daughter, I have never seen you more beautiful." Vittorio smiled down at Arie as she slipped her hand into the crook of his arm.

"Thank you, Vittorio." She would probably never call him Dad but that was okay. They'd reached a point where they had a certain level of respect for each other and that was the most important thing, wasn't it?

"Shall we go?" he asked, with a gallant bow.

She smiled, her heart full of happiness. "We shall." And, to the sound of the organ playing 'Here comes the bride', Arie took her first steps down the aisle, leaning on the arm of her giveaway father. Slowly and carefully she walked the length of the chapel, her eyes fixed on the man who had stolen her heart and returned it to her, filled to overflowing with love. As she drew closer and closer, her eyes never leaving his deep, dark ones, his mouth curved in a smile and his eyes shone with emotion, leaving her in no doubt that he was as touched by the moment as she was.

When they got to the front of the church Vittorio turned her to face him and lifted the veil, revealing her to the view of friends and family, then he turned her toward her husband-to-be. As the well-wishers looked on he took her hand and laid it, palm down, on top of his son's outstretched one. "She's all yours," he whispered, smiling as he delivered Arie into Rome's hands.

As soon as his father stepped away and headed back down the aisle Rome enclosed her hand in his and drew her close, his eyes glowing as he gazed down at her.

And then the ceremony began. "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here together to celebrate the love of Rome Milano and Aristotle Angelis." As she'd expected, Arie's given name brought a couple of titters from their audience but she was too lost in love to care. "Into this holy estate, these two persons present now come to be joined. If any person can show just cause why they may not be joined together, let them speak now or forever hold their peace. "

"Mama!" Maya's yell was followed by a chortle that made the whole congregation break into laughter.

Arie turned to see her daughter bouncing up and down on Lily's lap, waving her chubby arms like she wanted to be picked up. And Lily, her soon-to-be grandmother, was beaming so proudly that anyone would have thought this was her first grandchild. Arie blew Maya a kiss then turned back to the matter at hand, the business of tying the knot with the man standing by her side.

And in the deep, mellow voice she had grown to love he began his vows to her. "Io, Rome Milano, prendo te, Aristotle Angelis, come mia sposa e prometto di esserti fedele sempre," he said for the benefit of the non-English speakers and then he followed in English, "I, Rome Milano, take you, Aristotle Angelis, as my wife and promise to be faithful to you always."

They were the sweetest words she'd ever heard. Following his example, she said her vows in the Italian she'd practised and then in her native English. And then the minister said the long anticipated words, "I now pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss the bride."

To Arie's surprise, her brand new husband let out an audible sigh like he'd been holding his breath all that time. And then his face relaxed into a smile that was tinged with relief and he pulled her into his arms and kissed her soundly, right there in front of family, friends and the smiling minister.

And then they were walking down the aisle together, hand in hand, and then out the open door where they were pelted with rice and flowers, the primary perpetrators of whom were Lena, Marilyn, Sophia and Lucia. "I'll get you," Arie called out as she ran down the steps of the little church but she was laughing as she went, glad that she had the support of her good friends and her two newly acquired sisters. She and Rome piled into the Bugatti Veyron convertible and then they were off, through the streets of Rome, her veil floating on the breeze. They would be meeting everyone at the banquet hall in an hour and this time Arie would not be the one doing the catering.

Rome leaned over and kissed his wife full on the mouth. "Now you're all mine, Mrs. Milano," he said, smiling, "for now and for always."

And the way he said it made a lump rise in her throat. Overcome with emotion, all she could do was tilt her face up and kiss him back. If there was a heaven on earth, this was it. She had her Maya and now she had her Rome...for always.

