CHAPTER ONE

"Thirty-three is not old," Emily Parker gave her usual indulgent smile. "Look at your Aunt Cecilia. She didn't have her first child until she was thirty-four."

Melanie shook her head. "You are so not the typical mother. Most moms would be harassing me for a grandchild by now."

Emily chuckled and the laugh line sank deeper in her sixty-four year old face. "The two I already have are more than a handful." She reached across the kitchen table and squeezed Melanie's hand. "I would love for you to have a child, dear, but don't feel pressured. Things will happen at the right time."

Melanie gave a snort. "If things are going to happen they'd better hurry up because I'm running out of time."

"You want to do things the right way, Mel. Find a nice man, fall in love, and then think about babies."

Melanie almost rolled her eyes but she stopped herself just in time. Now where was she going to find a man, fall in love, get married, conceive and then give birth - all before her thirty-fifth birthday? She was going to be thirty-four in exactly three months.

And she absolutely had to give birth before her thirty-fifth birthday. That was her deadline, because wasn't it at thirty-five that fertility was said to decline dramatically? And wasn't that the age where they began to consider pregnancies high risk?

She would never let that happen to her. She was a woman who planned all her moves strategically and being childless was not part of the plan. She'd written it all down in her personal book from as far back as her early twenties - by age twenty-five complete MBA, by age thirty build Dad's corporation into a billion-dollar enterprise, by age thirty-four have a child. Her younger sister thought she was weird, writing out her whole life plan years in advance, but that was just who she was. Ever since she was a teenager she'd practiced writing down her goals and had used those written goals to keep herself focused.

And so far her strategy had worked - at least where the MBA and the corporation were concerned.

"Mom, it's getting late. I'd better go now." Melanie got up and went around the table to give her mother a hug. "I'll give you a call when I get home, okay?"

"Okay, dear." Her mother gave her a squeeze before she released her. "And remember what I said. Don't force things. Everything will work out in good time."

"Sure, Mom." As usual, it was easier to agree with her mother than to argue the point. "All in good time."

That was what she said out loud but inside Melanie was busy formulating a plan. Because she never believed in letting things 'just happen'. She already knew what she had to do so now she was busy plotting part two of her scheme - how to get her man.

And she already knew the perfect one for the job.

***

Sloane Quest lifted his mug and took another swig of beer, savoring the crisp liquid as it slid over his tongue. He was early for his meeting with the guys but he didn't mind the wait. He loved hanging out on the patio at Terasse Suite 701, soaking up the spring sunshine. Living in a city like Montreal where you had to stay indoors most of the year you grew to appreciate the sunny seasons and learned to take full advantage of them whenever you could. And that was exactly what he was doing this relaxing Sunday afternoon.

"Sloane, you beat me to it again."

At the sound of Michel's voice Sloane turned and when he saw his friend laden down with catalogues and magazines, he grinned. Ah, the pains and troubles of a man preparing to get married. "You know me," he said, waving his friend over. "Always early. It's a habit I just can't break."

"Yeah," Michel said as he got to the table and plopped down in one of the empty chairs. "Military training will do that to you." Then with a look of disgust he dumped his armful of magazines on the table. "Want to go through these? Celine said I should take them to show you so we can pick out matching tuxedos, I guess." He said it with a grimace. "Women."

Sloane only laughed. "It's your wedding. You pick out the damn thing. I'm only coming along for the ride."

Michel gave him a scowl. "You're my best man. Aren't you supposed to show support or something?"

"Yeah, by standing beside you and handing you the ring." Sloane didn't even try to hide his amusement at the look of distress on Michel's face. When it came to weddings, that was a woman thing and the man involved usually wanted it over and done with so he could get back to his normal life. And obviously, Michel was no exception.

"You know what?" he said, picking up the first catalogue within his reach, the one on top of the pile. "I'm picking the one on page one, whatever it is, and she'd better like it."

Sloane only chuckled. He knew better than to get involved in that discussion. Celine was a feisty one and if word got back to her that he'd agreed with Michel on that strategy, she would let him have it. A woman planning her wedding was the pickiest, most cantankerous person in the world and he planned to stay far out of firing range. At least until the wedding was over.

After flipping to page one and studying the tuxedos there, Michel shrugged. "Looks okay to me." He flung the book onto the pile then his face cleared. "There. She can't say I didn't look at her books."

Sloane cocked an eyebrow. "A more accurate word would be 'book', wouldn't it?"

"As long as she doesn't find out." Michel's voice trailed off as his gaze went past Sloane and he peered down the street. "Hey, there's Marc. Patrick's with him. Just a sec." He stood and lifted a hand so their friends could spot them in the Sunday afternoon crowd. When they acknowledged him he sank back down. "They said they've got some ideas for a really whacky bachelor party." He gave a snort. "Knowing them, it will probably be something just shy of illegal."

"Come on. They're crazy, but not that crazy."

"Yeah, you're right. They wouldn't go that far." Michel gave a sigh. "I guess I'm just jittery after the last prank they pulled. Hard to believe we're talking about two grown men, isn't it?" He shook his head as if in disbelief.

Sloane chuckled. "They've been like this since high school. What did you expect?"

"Maturity?" He said the word but the expression on Michel's face said he knew it wasn't going to happen any time soon.

"Soakin' up some sun, eh?" Marc bent his long frame and sank into the seat across from Sloane while the other man pulled out the last free chair.

"What did we miss?" Patrick asked as he sat down.

"Nothing. I just got here," Michel told them. "Sloane's been here a while, though."

Marc snorted. "As usual."

"He's lucky." Patrick jerked his head in Sloane's direction. "No kids to babysit before running over here. No wonder he's always early."

"Lucky?" Marc scoffed. "Is that what you call it? The man has no life."

"Hey." Sloane put up his hands, ready to defend himself. "Just because I'm not married it doesn't mean I don't have a full life." He shrugged. "Okay, so you guys are married. So what? And you," he eyed Michel who had settled back in his chair, listening to the banter with great interest, "you used to be on my side. Now it's me against the lot of you."

"Join us," Marc moaned, zombie-like. "Become one of us."

Michel laughed but then he turned earnest eyes on Sloane. "Seriously, Sloane, when are you going to take the plunge? You're thirty-six, for God's sake. You want to wait until you're gray to start a family?"

"Who? This guy?" Marc looked amused. "He'll never settle down. Every few months he's got a new lady on his arm. This is definitely not a one-woman man."

"Yeah," Patrick chimed in. "Just like his motto, 'Love 'em and leave 'em'.

"Hey, who said that was my motto?" Sloane glared at Patrick whose eyes immediately went to Michel.

"I didn't have to say a thing," Michel said, putting a hand up. "It's pretty obvious, isn't it?"

Sloane frowned. "Obvious that what?"

"That you're one of those rolling stones that gather no moss," Marc said with a sardonic smile.

"I've got corporations to run. I'm a busy man." Sloane scowled. What the hell? He hadn't come here for his friends to gang up on him.

"Yes," Michel said, giving the other two a stern look then turning back to Sloane. "You're a busy guy but so are we. And we still found the time to focus on what's important. Family." He paused, giving Sloane a pointed look. "Just something to think about."

Marc barked out a laugh. "You're telling that to 'Mister love 'em and leave 'em'? It will never happen."

Sloane gave him a baleful stare. But then, how could he deny it? He'd gotten that reputation because it was like he'd done his best to live up to a certain image - the typical 'bad boy'.

But Michel's question was like the shock of ice-cold water. At his age, how long could he keep that up?

CHAPTER TWO

"I thought my schedule was free for the rest of the afternoon?" Sloane frowned as he listened to the voice of his personal assistant on the phone. "I was planning to leave early for a round of golf."

Megan Frawley killed that dream real fast with her next words. She'd seen his schedule open and had slipped in a last minute appointment. He bit back a sigh. "All right. I'll stay." She was about to hang up when he stopped her. "Hang on. Who's it with?"

"Melanie Parker," she said, "of Parker Broadcasting."

That made Sloane sit back in his chair. The Melanie Parker? His biggest competitor in the media business? Talk about an unexpected guest.

But what would she want with him? The competition between their two conglomerates had always been fierce, his a legacy of four generations and hers a company that had been started by her father forty years earlier before either one of them, the current rivals, had been born. And the rivalry between Quest Media and Parker Broadcasting had started from day one.

Quest Media was founded almost a century earlier by Sloane's great grandfather who launched with a newspaper, The Observer. A radio station was added twenty years later then that was followed by television. By the time Sloane took over Quest Media Group was a multi-billion dollar business serving markets all across North America and parts of Latin America. Under Sloane's leadership, the internet became a large part of their portfolio, garnering a worldwide audience and accounting for almost thirty percent of revenue within three years of launch. And it was a good thing, too. With the increased usage of the internet and the growing popularity of e-readers, sales of print newspapers began to hemorrhage, but the growth of Quest Media's electronic business was perfectly timed and business boomed.

That is, until a certain company appointed a new CEO who revamped that company's structure and core strategy and aggressively went after the market share of the leader in the business. The market leader and target of Parker Broadcasting's attack was Quest Media, and that CEO was the very woman who would be in his office in less than an hour.

A woman who had always intrigued him...

He hadn't had any personal dealings with her but they weren't total strangers. On the contrary, decades earlier both their fathers had been members of the same country club. And although Melanie Parker might not even remember it, they had actually gone to the same exclusive high school.

He'd been a senior, popular with the ladies even from then, not necessarily because he was from the wealthiest family in the region - all the kids at his school were from 'money' - but because he was on all the major sports teams. Hockey, soccer, football and basketball. And there was nothing that attracted hot females like being a sports jock. Apart from having the coolest Porsche on campus, of course.

She'd been a freshman that year, a shy-looking little thing with soft blonde hair and long-lashed brown eyes that she kept downcast most of the time, it seemed. The only reason he'd noticed her that first day she walked into the cafeteria was that Zena, the girl he'd been dating at the time, pointed her out.

"Hey, isn't that kid from the Parker family? You know, the people your dad's always blustering about. Parker Broadcasting?"

"Oh, yeah?" He turned to look, curious to see the spawn of his father's sworn enemy but all he saw was a skinny girl with horn-rimmed glasses perched at the end of her nose, her brown eyes looking huge behind the lenses. Then he remembered. He'd seen her a few times at the country club but she'd been so tiny then, running around the place with an even smaller girl, both of them with their hair in pigtails. Now she was bigger but still just a little kid, probably thirteen or fourteen. And she looked totally lost.

"So that's the next generation of Parkers, is it?" he said, growing thoughtful. As far as he knew the Parkers only had the two kids, both girls, and they looked like they would jump out of their skin if you said, 'Boo'. Parker Broadcasting didn't look like it had much of a future once the father retired. A threat, these girls were definitely not.

"Scrawny, isn't she?" Zena scoffed. "With all the money they make you'd think they'd feed the thing."

"Okay, Zena. That's enough. Let's not go there." Sloane's voice was firm as he cut her off. The kid might be from the family that was giving his dad high blood pressure but that was no reason to slam her. None of that was her fault. And even if it were, it was business. There was no need for personal attacks. "Leave the kid alone," he said as he grabbed his tray and got up. "Come on, let's get outta here." He didn't know why, but Zena's gibe had triggered a sudden protective instinct, one that he could not explain. Why the hell would he feel protective toward a kid he hardly even knew? From the family of their biggest rival, at that? Talk about weird.

After that Sloane saw the girl around campus a few times but with his busy schedule as a senior and being on so many teams, the incidents were few and far between. But each time she'd looked the same - distant and reserved and shy, her arms full of books. And she was always alone.

Before he knew it, it was time for graduation and then on to university and his sightings of the young Parker became a faraway memory.

Until she jumped onto his radar screen almost fifteen years later - as CEO of Parker Broadcasting Corporation.

And that was when he realized that he'd totally underestimated the kid he'd seen so many years before. Now a grown woman - a tall, slender and beautiful one at that - she seemed to have hit the ground running, reorganizing her company and implementing a series of marketing strategies which, for the first time in Quest Media history, raised a real threat to the corporation's business. The girl - no, the woman - had him scrambling to respond to her attempts to court his cable TV subscribers and then she added a digital telephone division just like he had when he took over from his father. Damn!

And now, four years after her appointment as CEO, she wanted to meet with him? He could hardly wait to hear what his nemesis would have to say.

Three o'clock came around and, right on time, Mrs. Frawley called him to say she was bringing the visitor in. Seconds later there was a rap at the door and when his personal assistant opened it, an elegantly dressed woman entered the room. Mrs. Frawley closed the door quietly behind her.

For a moment the woman paused then she raised her chin and looked across the room at him. And there were those big brown eyes he'd seen back in high school. But now there were no glass lenses hiding their beauty. And this time there was no shyness there. No, this time those eyes were bold and full of confidence and they did not waver.

Sloane got up and crossed the room. "Ms. Parker." He held out his hand. "Welcome to Quest Media."

"Thank you, Mr. Quest," she said in a low, almost husky voice and shook his hand. And hers was soft and warm, making her firm handshake all the more surprising. "Call me Melanie."

"And you may call me Sloane," he said, as he directed her to the chair across from his desk. As she stepped by him he caught a fleeting whiff of her perfume - cool, crisp and sophisticated, just like she was.

He walked back to his high-backed leather chair and sat down. "So, Ms. Parker...Melanie...how may I help you?"

Demurely, she folded her hands in her lap then tightened her lips. Then she gave a slight frown and bit her lip, a gesture that made her look nervous, which was strange from someone who'd seemed so bold just moments before.

Then she drew in a breath and raised her eyes to his. "I have a proposal to make to you," she said, her voice slow and steady, "one which I hope you will consider. I want you to give me a baby."

CHAPTER THREE

What the...

Sloane blinked then his brows fell. "Did you just say what I thought you said?" His voice came out hard and taut with disbelief.

"Yes," she said, her voice stronger this time. "I would like to have a baby. By you."

"Listen, lady," Sloane said, his voice rough with irritation, "I don't know what kind of game you're playing but I don't have time for this. I thought you were here to discuss business, not throw down this bull. Are you crazy or something?"

She gave a tight smile. "Or something." Then she gave a sigh. "Listen, I know this is a shocking proposal but I'm actually quite serious. Let me explain." She slid forward in her seat. "I'm thirty-three years old and I don't know if you know anything about the workings of the female body but I'm getting quite close to that age when the chances of having a child start to grow pretty slim."

"And what the hell does that have to do with me?" The more she spoke, the more convinced Sloane was that the woman was off her rocker.

"Yes, I know that question would be top of your mind," she said, her voice calm and agreeable, almost as if she were a teacher explaining something to a kid who wasn't particularly bright. "Of the billions of men in the world you must be wondering why I would come to you with my problem."

"Ya think?" Sloane gave her a sarcastic glare.

"Reasonable question," she said with a nod, "and I have a reasonable answer."

Sloane almost laughed. This, he had to hear.

"I'm a billionaire and so are you. We both have operations in the same city, so we're in close proximity to each other."

"Yeah, so?" Where the heck was she going with all this?

"I am looking to be impregnated by a man who is in the same income bracket as I am and who is close enough where his child can get to see him." She sat back in her chair, looking satisfied with herself like she'd just given an explanation even a fool would understand.

Well, he must be the biggest fool on earth because he hadn't heard a single word that made sense. "So you mean to tell me, in all of Montreal and its environs, I'm the only man you saw fit to approach with this cockamamie scheme?"

"Yes," she said with a wide smile like he'd finally gotten it. "It's important to me that the man be single, around my age, and a billionaire. Not because I want his money, of course, but because I don't want someone who'll later try to cash in on his good luck and blackmail me or something."

"Or something," Sloane said in a mocking tone, repeating the words she'd said earlier. "Now let me ask you something," he said, keeping his voice as calm and even as he could, under the circumstances. "You've never heard of something called a sperm bank? This is the twenty-first century, you know. You don't actually need a man."

"Hell, no." Melanie's voice was surprisingly vehement and her eyes flashed as she glared at him. "I will not have a baby for some anonymous donor and leave my child fatherless. I want an actual man who my child can see and spend time with. I want my child to have roots, both on his mother's and his father's side."

Sloane shook his head. "So you're looking for a relationship? You want a man?"

Melanie rolled her eyes. "Where in all of that did you get that I want a man?" Her voice, so full of exasperation, made it clear that he was too darned slow. "I want someone who can give me a baby and be a father to his child. No strings attached. Nothing more, nothing less."

"And you want me to do this because..."

Melanie heaved a dramatic sigh. "Were you listening to a word of what I said? I want you to do this because you're a man, you're right here in Montreal, you're close to my age and you're a billionaire."

Sloane cocked an eyebrow. "Is that all?"

"No, there's one more thing. You're free and single and you look like you have no plans to settle down in the near or even distant future. Don't you see?" Her voice rose in her excitement. "It's the perfect solution for both of us. Neither one of us plans to get married any time soon but in the meanwhile we can at least make sure we have a child. " Her face grew solemn. "Before it's too late."

"And who says I have no plans to settle down?"

The question seemed to take her by surprise. "Well, you don't, do you?" she stuttered. "Everybody knows you change women several times a year. You're always in the papers with someone new on your arm. I just thought..." She shook her head and now she didn't seem quite so confident. Instead, a look of doubt crossed her features. "You aren't planning to get married, are you?"

"Not bloody likely," he almost barked. It was true that he dated lots of women but marriage was not something he took likely. And he certainly wasn't going to propose because a woman declared her undying love and swore she couldn't live without him. He had to feel the same way too, right? "That's beside the point. This is all too crazy, too...practical."

"And that's who I am," she said earnestly. "A practical woman. I desperately want a child and I imagine you would one day want to be a father. Why not start now? This would be a straightforward arrangement. Love would have absolutely nothing to do with it."

For a long while Sloane just stared at her, wondering where that brain of hers dug up this zany idea. But a practical one, at that. The lady had a point.

"So," he said, his voice low and slow, "how do you propose we go about doing this? Where do we make love? My house or yours?" He'd asked the question half jokingly, just to humor her. He still didn't know if he'd even go down that twisted road with her, tempting though it was to have her in his bed. He could imagine those long legs wrapped around his waist as he sank...

Her gasp put a sudden end to his musings. "I don't plan to make love to you. All I want is your sperm. We can just go to the clinic and-"

"Oh, no, you don't." Sloane put up a hand, cutting her off mid-sentence. "I'm not going to any clinic for them to put my stuff in a bottle. You want my child, you'd better get to work. And I don't mean in your office."

That shut her up real fast. Mouth agape, she stared at Sloane then her face grew red. "I'm sorry. I thought..."

"What? Backing out?" Sloane chuckled. "Am I so repulsive that you wouldn't go there...even to get the child you say you so desperately desire?"

"N...no, you're not repulsive at all. You're actually...very handsome." She blushed a rosier pink as the words left her lips, reminding him of the shy kid he'd seen so many years before. "I just never thought..."

"You know what?" Sloane said, tenting his fingers as he watched her. "You go home and think about it. I might...just might...grant you your wish. But only if you grant me mine."

***

How crass. Melanie could not believe Sloane Quest actually said what he did. She'd better get to work? He'd made it sound like she was some kind of lady of the night. She shuddered at the thought.

But now that she was home and thinking about it, as he'd so rudely ordered her to do, try as she might she just could not come up with an alternative. When she pondered and pondered and still could not identify another suitable but less demanding donor, she thought of ditching the whole idea. But then where would that leave her? Miles away from her goal, and her thirty-fourth birthday fast approaching. That was not giving her much time to give birth before age thirty-five.

But Sloane Quest's ultimatum had not sat well with her and she wished she could tell him to just go to hell. But she couldn't. Not when there was a chance, no matter how slim, that he would say yes.

She wished she had a close friend to talk to, someone she could run to for advice. It was a sad thing when, at age thirty-three, the person you talked with the most was your mom. Good grief. She needed a life.

But that was how she'd always been. Approachable and pleasant to everyone but never forming deep friendships. She'd always been a loner and she guessed that would never change.

And as had been the case all her life, Melanie would end up coming to a decision all on her own. And, as always, her decision would be a practical one. Because that was who she was.

Maybe she should consider his counter proposal. After all, Sloane Quest was a highly attractive man. Even if he didn't have a cent to his name women would still be falling all over him. With his height and dark good looks, what warm-blooded woman would not find him attractive? She most certainly did - and had felt that way from the tender age of fourteen.

Yes, she'd fallen in love the day she walked into the school cafeteria and saw Sloane across the room, his steel-gray eyes trained on her. She'd immediately dropped her eyes, scared that he'd caught her staring, but then he'd turned back to the girl he was with and then they both got up and left. And, as usual, Melanie felt herself fade into the background, an insignificant little fly who hadn't even sparked a mote of interest.

All that year she'd paid keen interest in Sloane's activities around campus, even attending a couple of his games although she hated sports and would rather bury herself in the library. Had he even noticed she was there? Highly unlikely. And that was exactly how she'd wanted it...to watch and admire in private.

And even after he graduated she did not forget him. And through the rest of her high school years, on those rare occasions when she wished she had a boyfriend, he was the one who popped into her mind. Talk about puppy love...

And then she'd gone on to college and grad school and the years had flown by and she used other things to fill her void. She'd thrown herself one hundred percent into building her father's company, filling her days with strategic planning meetings and taking the work home at nights. And on the weekends when she craved companionship there was always her mom, her sister and her cute little nephews.

There'd been a couple of relationships along the way but at the age of twenty-eight, after two heartbreaks, she'd sworn off men, at least for a while. She'd been busy with the business, anyway. The last thing she needed was the distraction of a man and the issues that usually came with having one in your life.

She'd been so busy being CEO that before she knew what was happening the years had flown by and she woke up one day to find herself thirty-three years old, husbandless and childless. The husband, she would have to do without - maybe that just wasn't her destiny - but not having a child? That, she would not accept. Not without a darned good fight. And so, when she'd started thinking about who she could approach with her bold scheme, the first - and only - man that popped into her mind was Sloane Quest.

And so she'd made her audacious proposal. And then he'd gone and spoiled it with his insensitive demand.

Melanie sucked in her breath and stared at the phone. He'd not been as gentlemanly about it as she'd expected but at least he hadn't said no. Now it was up to her to proceed or not.

She lifted her clasped hands to her lips as she thought about it some more. Finally, she expelled her breath and reached for the phone. It was probably the craziest move she'd made in her life but, she decided, she would do it.

CHAPTER FOUR

Sloane was just stepping out of the shower when he heard his cell phone ringing. Not bothering to dry off, he walked into the bedroom and grabbed the phone from the nightstand. It was Melanie Parker.

Immediately, he clicked the answer button. "Yes?"

"Hello...Sloane." Her voice was tentative and soft. "I hope I didn't catch you at a bad time?"

The question made Sloane's eyes involuntarily slide down his body, still slick and wet from his shower. Well, if you call being caught with your clothes off a good time... "No, you're good," he said. "Go ahead."

"I...wondered if I could invite you to have dinner with me...so we can talk."

So we can talk. Was she actually considering what he'd said? Sloane didn't respond immediately, the possibilities racing through his mind. He, a father? He'd never really given it serious thought. Until now.

"Sloane, are you there?"

"Uh, yes." He shook his head as her voice brought him back to the present. God, this woman had him thinking all kinds of insane thoughts.

"Dinner?" she pressed. "Would you like to go out with me?"

"Sure. When?"

"I was thinking this Saturday night, at Toque. Could we meet there at seven? That is...if you're not busy?"

"Nope. As luck would have it, I'm free that night." He threw that in there just to tease her. She was probably thinking of his reputation as a ladies' man for her to sound so nervous about asking him out. Might as well rub it in a little.

"Well, okay," she said on a sigh. "I guess I'll see you Saturday night then."

"Sounds good," he said, just before she said her goodbye and hung up.

And then, prickling from the water drying on his skin, he headed back to the bathroom where he scrubbed himself dry, his thoughts still on the woman who had just called.

Almost twenty years had gone by and just like that, Melanie Parker was back in his life. Well, not that she'd ever been a part of it, but it was so strange how life threw these curves every once in a while.

And he was actually considering having a child with her. And making love to her. And at the thought he began to grow hard.

Melanie Parker was no longer the skinny little kid he remembered. Now she was an elegant beauty who would turn on any normal man. Pity she didn't seem to know that.

He smiled as he stepped into his boxer shorts. He was looking forward to his upcoming rendezvous with the lady in question.

***

Good grief. I look like a tart. Melanie grabbed a tissue and wiped the crimson stain from her lips. She hated this - dressing up, putting on make-up, dolling up to go meet a man. Once she stepped out of her business suit she was much more comfortable in sweatpants and a T-shirt. She was definitely not a 'going-out' person. As she stared at herself in the mirror she shook her head. Maybe that was why she hadn't been able to keep a man.

Suddenly pensive, she got up and crossed the room and plucked her black and gold scarf from the back of the armchair. Tonight she wasn't trying to keep or catch a man. She just wanted her baby. She knew some might judge her for being too matter-of-fact about the whole thing. Some might even call her selfish, saying she was putting her own desires before the best interest of the child. But she wanted to be a mom. Did that make her an evil person?

Tightening her lips she picked up her purse then turned to go.

When Melanie got to the restaurant Sloane was already there, looking striking in a dark suit and shirt open at the collar, his raven hair glistening under the light cast by the chandeliers in the lobby. He looked relaxed and cool, the total opposite of what she was feeling right then. Surreptitiously, she patted her palms against her hips. It definitely would not do to shake hands when her palms were damp with nervous perspiration. Come on. Get a grip. She stifled a sigh of frustration.

"Melanie."

He'd seen her and was coming over. Slow down, heart. He's not the bogeyman. She lifted her chin and pasted a smile on her lips.

"Very nice," he said, looking her up and down, his eyes appreciative.

Melanie felt the blush rising up her neck and she almost dropped her eyes. Now why did he have to go and do that? She hated compliments. They were nice, of course, but also kind of embarrassing. It meant she was being noticed.

"Thank you," she managed, her throat tight. "And you, too."

He smiled and took her arm and, to her relief, there was no more talk about looking nice. Right then she had other, more pressing matters on her mind and she wanted to get it over and done with. She'd psyched herself up for this meeting and she wanted to say what she had to say before she had a chance to chicken out.

After a surprisingly pleasant meal, one in which her dinner companion made light conversation which eventually put her at ease, Sloane leaned back in his chair and turned his gray eyes on her. "So, Melanie, what did you want to talk about?"

Her mellow mood immediately disappeared. Here it was, the moment of truth. And dare. Because she would dare to be bold...and sleep with Sloane Quest.

She cleared her throat. "I thought about what you said." She kept her voice deliberately low and even. This was not the time to sound shaky. "I've decided...to accept your counterproposal. This is...extremely important to me so I'll proceed as you recommended."

"You'll proceed as I recommended." Sloane chuckled as he regarded her with obvious amusement. "You make it sound so cold, so businesslike."

She flushed. "Well, it is sort of a business arrangement."

"And that's something I'd want to change, Melanie. After all, there'll be a child involved." He leaned forward and reached for her hand and suddenly he didn't seem so relaxed anymore. "And no matter how you may want to deny it, we will be involved."

Now what the heck did that mean? Melanie frowned as she looked at him but his gray eyes were unreadable. And he was holding her hand in his big, warm one and if he didn't let go soon her palm would begin to perspire. Goodness, why did it always have to go damp when she got nervous? She gave her hand a little tug, nothing too obvious, just a small attempt to break contact. It didn't work.

"So...wh...when can we start?" Melanie dropped her eyes again. This was so hard. She could be a killer negotiator in a business meeting but when it came to discussing personal - worse, intimate - matters she was pathetic.

He gave her an even broader smile and squeezed her hand. "Call me old fashioned, but seeing that I don't plan to have a child out of wedlock, we can start as soon as we get married."

CHAPTER FIVE

Now where had that come from? Sloane had never been impulsive but somehow, at that moment, it seemed that that had been the right thing to say. The only thing. Because it was what he believed.

Okay, so he'd always been a rover, never staying very long with any one woman. But, like his friend said, maybe it was time he grew up. After all, he was not that far from forty, and if he planned to have a family he might as well start now. He wanted to at least have enough energy to play ball with the kid.

And now, to his own surprise, he'd thrown another ingredient into the mix. Melanie had made her initial proposal because that was who she was - practical. And now he'd thrown marriage into the deal because that was who he was - surprising to admit but maybe, deep inside, he was a romantic at heart.

"Get married?" Melanie looked like he'd suddenly grown a third eye. Her expression was a mixture of shock and horror. "Are you serious?"

"Very serious. I'm from a traditional family with traditional values and starting a family is something I do not take lightly." He sat back and folded his arms across his chest. "No marriage, no deal."

"B...but you hardly even know me. Why would you want to marry me?"

Sloane almost laughed. "This, from the woman who asked me to give her a child. So it's okay for virtual strangers to have a kid but weird for them to get married?"

That shut her up. Her face fell visibly as his point sank in. "But marriage..."

"Think of it as an arranged marriage. A marriage of convenience, if you will." He shrugged.

"I...I don't know what to say." And she really did look flabbergasted, like the thought had never even crossed her mind. "But what about your lady...friends? I mean-" She stopped abruptly and her face reddened.

"I told you, Melanie, I'm a traditional man. Once I exchange vows, all of that ends." His voice was firm as he spoke because he meant every word.

"But what about love?" she asked, her face pale.

"What's love got to do with it? You're an attractive woman and I hope you don't find me repulsive. Many arranged marriages last a whole lot longer than ones where the players come together because of love."

"But...what if you find someone and then...you fall in love?" Her voice grew faint as she spoke.

"And what about you?" he asked. "It's a risk we'll have to take. That is, if you think getting this child by me is worth that risk." He raised an eyebrow as he watched the emotions flit across her face. "It's totally up to you."

She went from pale to pink then she drew in her breath and let it out slowly. He could almost see her business mind, her practical side, ticking away.

"Okay," she said and this time her voice was firm. "I'll do it."

***

"You sneaky girl." Emily Parker beamed as Melanie broke the news to her. "So all this time you were telling me you wanted a baby you had this up your sleeve and didn't tell me? You naughty thing." She reached over and pinched her daughter's cheek.

"Well, not really," Melanie began but she didn't get a chance to go much farther.

"How did you both hide it? How long have you been seeing each other? He's the first son in the Quest clan, isn't he? Isn't he the one with the reputation?"

The questions flew so fast Melanie couldn't answer them all so she didn't even bother to try. Instead, she leaned over in the sofa and put her arm up around her mother's shoulder. "Mom, I just need your help on this. It won't be big but I have no idea where to start. You're the expert on these kinds of things."

It was her mother who had organized her younger sister's wedding, and Kayla had been so pleased that she'd convinced Emily to take on her best friend's wedding, too. And their mother had loved it.

"The wedding planner will report to you, okay? Sloane says he wants nothing to do with it, outside of showing up on the appointed day. And me," she raised her shoulders, "I'm hopeless with these things."

"I know, dear." Emily patted her leg. "You're a corporate executive. You've got a lot on your plate. Just leave everything to me."

"And Mom," Melanie looked at her intently, "you don't mind that I'm marrying the 'enemy'?"

"Please." Her mother rolled her eyes. "You can't fight love, Melanie. You fell in love and that's all that matters to me."

'Fell' was right. In love was another matter. Of course, Melanie didn't go there.

"Now how your father will react, that's another story. But don't worry about it. I'll take care of him."

They'd set the date of the wedding for the week after her thirty-fourth birthday, three months down the road, and had deliberately planned small so that everything could be ready in time. There was no way Melanie was going into her thirty-fourth year without being in the position to start working on the biggest assignment of her life, her baby project. And Sloane had agreed, thank goodness. She'd thought he would have objected to the rush, maybe even change his mind about the whole thing, but no, he behaved like the kind of man who, once he'd made up his mind, would go all the way.

The next few months went by with the speed of a flashflood and before Melanie knew it, she was walking up the aisle to stand by the side of her husband-to-be. This was all so surreal. Only months earlier she hadn't so much as exchanged a word with Sloane Quest and now she was about to become his wife.

As they stood before the minister Melanie stole a glance at Sloane, so tall and handsome standing there beside her, and she could not believe her good fortune. A baby in her future and a desirable man to go along with it. Was she dreaming the whole thing?

And then the minister turned his attention to her and she knew it was all true. She, Melanie Parker, committed bachelorette and spinster, was about to become Mrs. Sloane Quest. "Do you, Melanie Parker, take Sloane Quest to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?"

"I do," she squeaked, suddenly feeling overwhelmed by the enormity of the situation. This was forever. Was she making the biggest mistake of her life?

"And do you, Sloane Quest, take Melanie Parker to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?"

"I do." There was no hesitation in Sloane's voice and Melanie almost sagged with relief. At least he didn't sound like he was regretting his rash move.

"I now pronounce you, man and wife."

And then, just like that, it was over and the minister was telling Sloane he could 'kiss the bride'.

As he turned toward her, Melanie drew in her breath and held it. Goodness. This would be their first kiss. And they'd have to do it in front of an audience. Was she that good an actress?

Quickly, before her nervousness became obvious to everyone watching, she closed her eyes and willed herself to relax as Sloane pulled her into his arms. His lips descended on hers and then he captured her lips in a kiss that was bold and masterful, one that left her in no doubt that he was in charge. This was not the chaste kiss she'd expected, a kiss just to satisfy a curious audience. He was kissing her like he meant it, like this was for real.

And to her chagrin, right there in front of the small gathering of well-wishers, her body began to respond to his domination. Instantly, her ni**les hardened and her legs grew weak, and all Melanie could do was cling to the arms that were like steel bands around her.

When Sloane finally released her lips and lifted his head her eyes flew open and she found herself staring into his smoldering gray ones. With that kiss he'd rocked the ground she'd been standing on, but now she could see that he'd felt it, too. He wouldn't be looking at her this way if he hadn't.

And then the minister cleared his throat and the spell was broken.

The organist struck the chord for Mendelssohn's Wedding March and as she walked down the aisle and out of the church, her new husband holding her hand, she saw her family beaming at her and her mother had tears in her eyes.

And so it was that she came to the end of step one in her baby-making plan. Now it was on to step two.

But with all her past hang-ups, she just prayed she wouldn't make a darned fool of herself in bed.

CHAPTER SIX

"It's...beautiful." Melanie stood in the middle of the huge and airy living room and turned around and around, taking in the rustic charm of Ian Fleming Villa with its furniture made of bamboo and reddish brown mahogany beams. An entire wall seemed to have been removed as the room opened out onto a lush and colorful tropical garden.

Sloane shoved his hands into his pockets but he was smiling at her. "I knew you would. That's why I chose this place. Exotic, comfortable, and best of all, private."

"But...it's so lovely and yet I've never heard of it before." Melanie crossed the room and went to stare past the palm fronds and green leaves of the almond trees to the brilliant blue sea stretching out before them. "This is a part of Jamaica I've never seen."

Sloane came to stand beside her, taking in the tranquil scene before them. "Most visitors hit the popular tourist centers like Montego Bay or Ocho Rios but that's not my style. I go for a more relaxed, personal experience."

"And it's on this property that Ian Fleming created James Bond." Melanie turned toward Sloane. "That's what they said when we checked in, right?"

He chuckled. "I see we're paying attention. He wrote several of his James Bond novels right here in Oracabessa, at GoldenEye. I guess he bought the place because it stimulated his creativity."

Melanie nodded. "Hey, if I lived in a place like this I'd be creative, too. Look at it. It's like we found the Garden of Eden."

And, looking out onto all that greenery, it made the early morning flight worth it.

She'd gotten up at the ungodly hour of four o'clock and met Sloane at the airport at five. At first she'd grumbled when he insisted on heading out that early but now she could see why. They'd arrived at the villa just about lunchtime, with lots of daylight left so they could start exploring and enjoying the island right away.

She'd been grateful when Sloane told her he would handle the honeymoon plans. Her only responsibility, he'd said, was to make sure she'd planned to take at least five days off from work because it was important that they used this time to get to know each other. He was right, of course. After all, how could you call a man your husband when you knew practically nothing about him? And having all the details of his professional life did not count.

So here she was, in one of the most idyllic places on earth, with Sloane Quest by her side. She would spend the rest of the day getting to know him, probably relaxing on the sparkling white sand, and then later when the night fell and the ocean turned inky-blue, she would get to know him even better. Because that was when they'd make love.

At the thought her breath caught in her throat and she stole a furtive glance at Sloane. Was he as nervous about tonight as she was? But Sloane looked one hundred percent relaxed, like he did this sort of thing every day - marrying a woman he hardly knew, taking her away on a honeymoon, getting ready to make love. Well, the making love part was definitely 'old hat' for him. Unfortunately, not so much for her...

"Why don't we grab some lunch then hit the beach?" Sloane turned away from the verandah and walked back into the living room. "Or do you prefer the pool? The villa comes with its own pool and private beach."

Melanie followed him into the room. "The beach, I guess. I like lying in the sun and digging my toes in the sand." She shoved her hands into the pockets of her cargo pants. "So what's for lunch?"

"We can stay here. We have a private staff who will cook a meal for us. Or, if you don't want to wait, we can always walk over to the Bizot Bar and grab something there." He shrugged. "It's up to you."

"Let's go to the Bizot Bar. We'll see other people there, right?"

"Sure."

"Then let's go."

He seemed amused by her eagerness but Melanie had a very good reason for wanting to get out of the villa. As spacious and open as it was, being there alone with Sloane, it was still too intimidating. It was too private, too intimate, and just then she did not want to be reminded about what was to come.

At the Bizot Bar they sat down poolside and enjoyed a meal that featured samplings of the local cuisine - jerked chicken and spicy escoveitched fish with ackee and salted codfish in flaky pastry cups. As they ate they enjoyed the sounds of France's Radio Nova playing in the background.

Soon, though, it was time to head back to the villa and to their own little world. "Ready for the beach?" Sloane asked as he strolled toward the master bedroom. "Let's get changed. We can do with some sun." He didn't even look behind to see if she was following.

And so she hesitated. Sure, the bellhop had taken both their bags to the same bedroom. They were man and wife, after all. But the villa had all of five bedrooms. Why did they have to share the same one? If she could avoid changing in front of Sloane she would feel so much better.

But then his voice broke into her thoughts and she realized she was being a perfect idiot. You're planning to have sex with the man. He's going to be seeing your body anyway, so why hide it now?

"Where are you? Come and change."

It sounded more like an order than a request and Melanie frowned. She did not like being bossed around. But then she sighed and headed for the bedroom. She was the one who'd said she wanted to try the beach so she might as well get moving.

When she walked into the bedroom Sloane had already stripped off his shirt and trousers and was wearing shorts and sandals. And his chest was bare.

Melanie could only stare. Talk about sexy. The man was in perfect shape, and not just for a thirty-six year old. Anyone looking at his taut muscles, broad pecs and narrow waist would swear they were looking at the body of a guy in his early twenties, he looked that good.

But if Sloane noticed her staring, he didn't acknowledge it. He walked toward where she stood in the doorway and as he approached, she stepped aside.

"I'm heading beachside. Join me when you're ready." And then he was out the door and gone, leaving her standing there, staring after him.

Well, so much for having him watch her while she undressed. He hadn't shown even a spark of interest. And, although she knew she was being contrary, she was not pleased. So she might not be Kate Moss but wasn't he even the least bit curious about what she looked like? Melanie gave a soft sigh. She guessed he wasn't.

In minutes she'd changed into a neon-orange bikini bathing suit with a wrap thrown over it and was on her way down to the beach. There she saw Sloane already in the water, floating on his back as he stared up into the cloudless blue sky. As she crossed the sandy beach he turned his head and when he saw her, he smiled and waved.

"How's the water?" she called out, encouraged by his smile.

"Awesome," he yelled back. "Come on, try it."

And so she did. Sloane hadn't flown her all the way to Jamaica for her to be a stick in the mud. She was sure he was paying several thousands per night for them to stay at this private villa so it only made sense for her to take advantage of all that the property had to offer.

She stripped off her wrap and dropped it right there on the sand. "I'm coming in," she yelled and ran through the crystal-clear water at the shore then dived in. She swam out to where Sloane was now treading water while he waited for her.

"It took you long enough," he said in a playful growl but his eyes twinkled as she surfed up to him and she could tell he was pleased she'd come. Well, that was some consolation after his speedy departure from the bedroom.

"Race you," he said and took off before she even realized what he was up to.

"Hey, no fair," she called out, and he circled and came back to her, a grin on his lips. "For a woman who's got to respond quickly to sudden changes in the market, you're real slow." He was laughing as he teased. "I'll give you a three second head start. First person to swim across to that rock, wins."

"And what do I get when I win?"

He raised his eyebrows. "Don't you mean 'if'?"

"No, I mean 'when'." She raised her own eyebrows - two could play that game - as she spoke with supreme confidence. "I'm not going to do it till you tell me what my reward will be."

"Okay," he said with a shrug. "One billion dollars."

She almost slapped him. "Will you be serious?"

He laughed. "I am. Because I know there is no way on God's earth you can beat me, I'll make you that bet. You owe me nothing if I win, by the way, because there's no doubt in my mind that I will."

"You're on," she yelled and before he could even turn, she was off.

And then he was after her. She could hear him behind, gaining on her, and within seconds he'd cut the lead she'd had on him and was neck and neck with her. But soon, as he'd predicted, he swept past her and sailed on to touch the craggy black rock that jutted out of the water. It took another four seconds before Melanie caught up to him.

"You cheated." She was panting as she reached out to grab the rugged surface. "You said you'd give me a three second head start."

"Yeah, but that was before I had a billion dollars on the line." He was laughing outright, water still streaming down his face, his dark hair slicked down and dripping.

"Beast," she grumbled but her displeasure only seemed to amuse him more. "Okay, what do I get if I'm first to climb on top of this rock?"

"Nothing," he said, "because I won't let you. See those sharp edges? I'm not going to have you mar your flawless skin with all kinds of cuts and scratches."

Flawless skin? She could hardly believe her ears. He'd actually noticed something about her?

"I have a better idea," he said, and suddenly he didn't seem quite so amused. The laughter was gone from his steel gray eyes and in its place was a look so intense that, despite the warmth from the sun, she shivered.

He reached for her then and his hand slid up to cup the back of her head. "I think it's high time," he whispered, "that I gave my bride a proper kiss."

Then, before she could make a move in protest, he'd pulled her against the solid wall of his chest, dipped his head and was kissing her with a passion that made her world spin. That first moment of contact was a shock but then, with a soft moan, she gave herself over to him, succumbing to the breathtaking ardor of his kiss, melting into him as he wrapped his arms around her.

And then slowly, gently, he lifted his head, releasing her lips, and her world righted itself. "Delicious." His voice was low but his eyes burned into her. "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."

The words sent a frisson of awareness all the way up her spine. Sloane wanted her and if his kiss was anything to go by, he would be a superior lover.

The question was, could she handle it?

CHAPTER SEVEN

Melanie was glowing tonight. As Sloane sat across from her at the secluded table in The Gazebo, the open-air tree house style restaurant, he could not believe this was the same woman who had invaded his office with her crazy baby-making scheme. She'd seemed so straight-laced, uptight and rigid, every bit the CEO. Now that woman seemed far removed from the one who sat across from him, soft and relaxed and smiling. It was quite the transformation and he liked it. Taking her to Jamaica had obviously been a good idea. She'd been coiled tight as a spring but now all that tension was gone and he meant to keep things that way, at least for as long as she was on the island. That was the only way she was ever going to open up to him, let him get to know the real Melanie Parker. Or, as of the last thirty hours, the real Melanie Quest.

But as the night progressed and it came closer to the time for them to leave he noticed a change in her demeanor. She began to throw nervous glances his way and, more than once, he caught her twisting her napkin in her hand.

He frowned. "Are you all right?"

She jumped then reached for her glass of water. "Uhm...yes. Why?"

"You're kind of jumpy all of a sudden." He looked at her through narrowed eyes. "Do I scare you?"

"No," she said quickly, "not at all." But the flush rising up her neck made that statement an obvious lie. He stared at her for a moment longer until she dropped her eyes and started fiddling with the stem of her glass. If she wasn't careful she'd be spilling the thing in another minute. "Look," he said, his voice cold with annoyance, "you don't have to do anything you don't want to. I'm not going to force you, if that's what you're scared of."

"No, please, I..." She drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly then she raised her eyes to his. "I'm fine. Really. I just need to get used to the idea...that I'm a married woman now."

"Well, you are, so deal with it." She looked shocked at his harsh rejoinder but he didn't give a damn. How the hell did she plan to ever get this baby if she was going to be so uptight? And besides, she was a grown woman in her thirties, not a teenage virgin.

He got up, startling her, and dropped his napkin on the table. "Let's go." He was behaving like a jerk but he had good reason.

The fact was, he wanted Melanie. All through dinner he'd been sitting at the table with a boner in his pants, his body tight with anticipation of the coming night. Ever since that kiss in the ocean he'd been holding himself in check, wanting more, but determined to be patient until the time was right. And now that it was time for them to retire to the privacy of their villa, now that it was time for him to take her into his arms and make love to her, she was acting like this? Like she wasn't sure she was ready? It would drive any red-blooded man to frustration. He wasn't used to this crap.

No, in his world, he didn't have to go hunting. Women offered themselves to him. They didn't act like they were scared he was going to ravish them. They craved his attention. They sought him out, not the other way around. But Melanie...she was the total opposite of what he was used to.

As he strode back to the villa, Melanie walking beside him in silence, he shook his head. He was in a heck of a fix.

But then when he got back to the villa his prickly mood softened. Maybe he was being unfair. Maybe she was not used to his intimidating personality. Maybe her reaction was all his fault.

And so he made a deliberate attempt to play nice. After all, despite her status as CEO of a multi-billion dollar enterprise, she was obviously no match for the women he'd had in his life, not where handling men was concerned. So, he decided, he'd just take it slow.

They got to the door but he did not go in. Instead, he reached out and took her hand. "Come here," he said, but his voice was gentle as he pulled her closer. "Are you all right?"

"Yes," she said, her voice quiet as she lowered her eyes. "I'm fine now."

"I apologize for my earlier behavior," he said. "I was a brute. Can you forgive me?"

She looked up at him then, her eyes wide with surprise. "Of course," she said. "No hard feelings."

"Good." He looked over at the tropical garden, the pathway lit by soft lights, the leaves and flowers glowing in the light of the moon. "I don't feel like going in right now. Let's go for a walk." And then, suddenly aware that he hadn't given her a choice, he asked, "Would you like that?"

Her face broke into a relieved smile. "I'd love to."

So he'd guessed right. She still wasn't ready for the inevitable. A walk along the beach by the light of the moon should put her in the mood. It would be calming and it would be romantic. Women loved that kind of thing.

Sloane almost chuckled aloud. He could not believe this was him, being so patient and understanding when what he wanted to do right then was to have this woman lying in bed, na**d and panting under him. And then the realization struck. Maybe that was the difference. The woman holding his hand as they walked along the path was like none he'd ever had before. This woman was his wife.

And although he'd been a playboy all his life, a bad guy in the eyes of many, he did not take marriage lightly and, whatever it took, he was determined to make this work...even if it meant taking it slow, a lot slower than he was used to.

They spent the next twenty minutes strolling along the sand, saying little, but learning to relax in each other's company. At least that was what Sloane hoped and, from what he could see, his plan was working. Melanie did not let go of his hand the entire time and in her grasp he could feel the easing of her tension and her increasing comfort with him. When he finally turned to head back to the villa she did not resist. Instead, she leaned into him with a sigh and that was when Sloane knew. She was ready.

When they got back to the villa he steered her toward the living room couch. "Let me get you a drink," he said. "White wine?"

"Perfect," she breathed as she leaned back and closed her eyes.

He flipped on some music and the sounds of Bob Marley's 'Turn Your Lights Down Low' filled the room. When he came back with the wine and sat down beside her, Melanie opened her eyes and smiled.

"Thank you," she whispered as she took the glass. And this time there was no hesitation in her eyes, only longing. Sloane could see that she wanted him and that was all he needed to know.

They relaxed into the sofa, sipping wine and listening to the crooning of the reggae singer but as soon as Melanie's glass was empty Sloane reached over and took it from her then deposited both glasses on the coffee table. With a gentle hand he reached out and tilted her chin, turning her face up toward his, and then he lowered his head to taste those soft, sweet lips, the ones that had been tempting him all evening.

She was so tantalizing, her lips soft and succulent as she yielded to him. He pulled her closer and there was no resistance there. Heartened by her acquiescence he wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her onto his lap, giving himself greater access to her lips, the softness of her cheeks, the smooth column of her neck.

When he released her lips she moaned and clung to him even as he feathered kisses down her neck and over her collarbone. She sighed when he went lower, and when he skimmed the top of her breast she arched up to meet his lips.

Thrilled at her response Sloane tilted her back, giving himself greater access, and when he slid the spaghetti strap off her shoulder to reveal even more of her breast, she shivered. But it was not from the cold, not when the air of the tropical night was so balmy and warm. No, she'd shivered because she wanted this, probably just as much as he did.

He hooked his thumb into the other strap and that one went the way of the first, sliding down her arms to reveal her br**sts, soft and full, covered by the delicate lace of her strapless bra. She dropped her gaze, probably struck by shyness, but he did not give her a chance to turn away or hide herself. Seizing the moment, he lowered his mouth to her laced-covered bra and planted a kiss on the creamy skin then he slid over the lace to capture a taut nipple between his teeth.

Melanie gasped and dug her fingers into his arms.

Sloane took that as license to go on. He sucked the nipple into his mouth, lace and all, and teased and nibbled until Melanie let out a long, low moan. Then he moved to the other breast and gave it the same treatment, chuckling deep in his throat as he felt her squirm with want.

Releasing the stiff bud, he lifted his head and looked into her brown eyes, now cloudy with desire. "I know exactly what you need," he said, his voice a hoarse whisper.

In one fluid movement he rose, lifting her into his arms, and strode toward the bedroom. There, he laid her gently on the bed then proceeded to slide her dress down, revealing inch by delicious inch of her slender body. As the dress went lower, the color rose in her cheeks and she closed her eyes tight. Sloane smiled to himself. It was kind of cute, the way she was acting, like she wasn't used to having a man admire her beautiful body.

With the black shift now off, he stood back to admire her sleek beauty, then he reached down to remove her bra.

"I'll do it," she said, her voice hoarse - whether from passion or nerves, Sloane didn't know, but he chose to believe the former.

He shrugged. "No problem." He turned and in quick time he'd divested himself of his own clothes. When he turned back to Melanie she was already under the covers, her eyes huge as she stared up at him. He frowned as he noticed her grip on the bedclothes. Was it possible that she was scared of him?

Her gaze left his face and skidded down his body and when it reached his groin she sucked in her breath and closed her eyes. Sloane almost laughed out loud. What kind of game was she playing? What, she'd never seen a grown man na**d before? He lifted the covers and climbed into the king-sized bed beside her and pulled her into his arms and that was when he realized she was shaking.

What the...

"Melanie, what's the matter?" He stared down at her in confusion but she refused to open her eyes. "Are you scared of me?"

She shook her head but still she did not look at him.

"Open your eyes." He needed to see her, to understand what was going on inside her head. When she still did not open to him his patience grew thin. "Look at me, dammit it."

That got the desired reaction. Her eyes flew open and in them was an uncertainty that made him pause.

And made him sit up. No, it couldn't be. "Christ, you're not a virgin, are you?" Was that even possible? A thirty-three year old virgin in the twenty-first century?

She shook her head. "No, I'm not. I...just haven't made love in the last five years."

Now that caught him by surprise. A woman as attractive as Melanie? But then he understood. This must feel strange to her, almost like new, making love to a man who, despite being her husband, was practically a stranger. "It's okay," he whispered. "I'll be gentle. Just try to relax."

He reached out to take her into his arms but she flinched and clutched the sheet even tighter. He frowned. There was definitely more to this than she'd told him.

"Talk to me, Melanie." He kept his voice quiet and low, holding his frustration in. The last thing he wanted to do was to frighten her even more. "What's going on?"

She gave a soft sigh then bit her lip. Finally, she spoke. "I've...always had a problem with sex." She gave a nervous chuckle. "You're going to laugh but...it makes me nervous. I just can't...relax."

Sloane did not laugh. There was absolutely nothing funny about what was happening right then. He felt like he'd just swallowed the craggy rock they'd seen in the water. This was serious. "And yet you put yourself in this situation? Just to have a baby?"

"I didn't want to have sex," she said, her tone defensive. "I didn't even want to get married. You insisted."

With a grunt of disgust he got out of the bed and walked out of the room. A cold sliver slid into his heart and he clenched his fists to hold in a burgeoning anger. It was true. He was the one who had insisted on both those conditions. But, for her part, she could have put all her cards on the table...before they walked down the aisle. And with a healthy sex drive like the one he had, he knew he was in big trouble.

What the hell had he gotten himself into?

CHAPTER EIGHT

With five bedrooms in the villa Sloane had no trouble finding a place to sleep. At first, Melanie had been relieved when he stalked out of the master bedroom and then never came back. At least he wouldn't have her up all night, making her explain the bombshell she'd dropped.

So she hated sex. So what? Lots of women did.

But then when she'd stop pouting and bristling from having to defend herself she decided to be a bit more honest, if not with Sloane, at least with herself. What she really hated - or rather, feared - was her own performance in bed because so far it had been nothing but disastrous. And she had two failed relationships to prove it.

It was over an hour before Melanie's nerves calmed enough for her to drift off but it was a restless sleep and when the day dawned she groaned, still tired and groggy. And what made it worse, she would now have to face Sloane.

Even though it was only seven, she dragged herself out of bed and headed for the shower. There was no use putting off the inevitable. It would be so much easier to hide out in bed all morning but she wouldn't do it. Today, she would meet her monster head on.

To Melanie's surprise, when she went out into the living room Sloane was already there. She paused in her tracks, momentarily unsure of what to do, what to say.

He spoke first. "Couldn't sleep?"

Cautiously, she stared back at him, but when she could detect no anger she gave him a rueful smile. "I'm afraid not."

He slid his hands into the pockets of his khaki slacks and grunted. "Me neither." Then his gray eyes grew thoughtful as he stared back at her. "We need to talk," he said, his voice quiet. "Let's walk down to the beach."

Melanie nodded. She owed him that much.

The air was fresh and cool as they walked along the pathway, and the moisture from the grass dampened her sandaled feet. She drew in a deep breath, seeking strength for what was to come, and was rewarded with the fragrance of the flowers as they lifted their dewy heads to greet the morning sunshine.

It was calming, this rich tropical scenery that surrounded them, so Melanie did not object when Sloane took her hand and led her to the bamboo bench that looked out onto the shimmering blue water of the Caribbean Sea.

For a while they sat in silence, both of them just staring out at the ocean, watching the gentle waves rolling in to the sparkling white sand, listening to the early birds singing in the nearby trees.

"Do you want out, Melanie? Do you want to annul the marriage?"

Startled by his questions, Melanie tore her gaze away from the scenery and stared at Sloane. "I...no...I don't."

And she meant it. She looked directly into those intense gray eyes and she did not flinch because she knew that she wanted to be here with him. She wanted to give this her all. And, regardless of her fears, she wanted to get to know him in every sense of the word.

His brows fell as he looked at her intently. "Are you sure? Last night you said the only reason you were in my bed was because I insisted. I don't want to force you to do anything you don't want to do."

"I..." How could she deny it? Essentially, that was what she'd said, and it must have been a huge blow to his ego. Sloane was a man who was used to women offering themselves to him and here, he'd gone and married one who pretty much told him she didn't want him.

"You need to be sure," Sloane continued, his eyes never leaving her face, "because if you decide to stay I will make love to you. And often."

That sent a ripple up her spine and that ripple, she was sure, had nothing to do with fear. She dropped her eyes, suddenly wary about what he might see there. Because, deep down, she wanted him.

And how could she explain that, when she'd rejected him the night before? She couldn't even explain it to herself.

"I'm sure," she whispered, as she stared down at her tightly clasped hands. "I want to stay."

At first Sloane didn't answer. He continued to stare at her in silence. She could feel his eyes burning into her as she kept her head bowed. Finally, he turned away and sighed. "So where do we go from here?" The frustration was clear in his voice.

It was only then that she lifted her face to him. He did not turn to her but continued to stare out at the ocean, giving her the chance to get a good look at his face, so still and drawn, the morning shadow around his chin telling her that he hadn't bothered to shave.

She swallowed. "Sloane, I want another chance. I can do it."

He looked at her then, his eyes skeptical, his lips tight. It was obvious he didn't believe her.

"Let me prove it to you," she said, her voice a lot firmer than she really felt. "Tonight."

His face did not soften but his eyes did not leave hers. He nodded. "Tonight."

That was all he said but Melanie knew he would expect her to be true to her word.

Inwardly, she was quaking. She just hoped she would have the courage to deliver.

***

That evening Melanie drank three glasses of wine, which was a record for her, but she needed it.

She and Sloane had stayed at the villa, choosing to dine on the patio and enjoy a meal prepared by their private staff, rather than head over to the restaurant. The food was great - spicy pumpkin soup to start, then curried goat with rice, fried plantains and boiled yam followed by sweet potato pudding for dessert. Melanie loved the local cuisine and she knew she'd miss it when it was time to leave the island.

But tonight food was not the item that was top of mind. She'd made a promise to Sloane and to herself and, whatever it took, she was determined to keep that promise.

And so, as the evening shadows turned to night and the moon rose higher in the inky-blue of the sky, Melanie drew her courage to her and reached out and took Sloane's hand. They'd been outdoors for hours, eating then relaxing with the sound of the gentle waves rolling in to the shore. She could delay no longer. She had to show Sloane that she was woman enough to keep her word.

She drew him inside and into the living room where she directed him to the sofa and, just like he'd done the night before, she switched on the CD player and let music fill the room. The soulful voice of Sade undulated in soft, raspy waves and as the sounds of 'Sweetest Taboo' flowed through Melanie walked back to the sofa, sat down beside her husband and cupped his face in her hands.

She glimpsed his momentary look of surprise just before she closed her eyes, leaned forward and placed her lips on his. It was a bold move on her part, but it was something she had to do.

At first he did not respond, his mouth so firm and tight under hers but then, just as she would have pulled back, his lips softened and his arms went up to draw her to him.

Immediately, she sank into him, relief washing through her. Maybe he still wanted her and that gave her hope. And courage. Because she knew, without a doubt, that she wanted him.

Within seconds, Melanie was no longer in control of the kiss. It was Sloane who dominated, his lips moving over hers, making her yield and open to him, and as she did, his tongue slipped in to explore the softness of her mouth.

Melanie moaned as Sloane's kiss stoked the embers within but she could feel the fire rising in him, too, in the tightness of his hold and the pounding of his heart against her br**sts. And then his kiss grew urgent, demanding, as he plundered her mouth, leaving her breathless.

Sloane's breathing was ragged as he pulled his lips away and the look in his eyes told her all she needed to know. He still wanted her. He looked ready to rip the clothes from her body and she knew exactly how he felt because she felt like doing the same to him.

And as the thought came to her she moved, reaching down to unbutton the cotton shirt that hid his body from her gaze. Ignoring his raised eyebrows, she did not stop until all buttons had been loosened and she could push her hands in to slide the garment from his shoulders. When she saw his torso, bare and beautiful in the glow of the lamp, she licked her lips, eager for his taste on her tongue.

Lowering her head, she planted her lips on his collarbone and kissed him softly, and at the sound of his groan a thrill ran through her. Emboldened, she put out her tongue and licked at the taut skin, tasting him just like she'd craved moments before. Her tongue sliding over the smoothness, she sampled the sweetness of his skin and then her lips were sliding lower till they covered a flat nipple, making him moan.

Thrilled with her newfound power, Melanie caught the stiff bud between her teeth and nibbled and sucked until Sloane groaned and sank lower in the sofa, giving her greater access to his body.

She took full advantage, sliding down with him, moving her mouth to tease his other nipple even as her hands slid down his body, stroking and caressing, until they settled just above the waistband of his trousers. Here she paused, wanting him to make the next move. She needed the rest of his clothes gone but stalled, hoping he would grant her wish.

But, deliberately it seemed, Sloane did nothing to help her, as if saying this was her call. And so she took up the challenge, sliding her hands lower to loosen the buckle of his belt then opened the button on his pants.

Hands shaking slightly, she began to push the trousers off his hips. He raised himself up and off the sofa, making her task a whole lot easier but she almost got cold feet when they fell down to his ankles, leaving him only in his shorts.

She bit her lip as she felt the blood rise to her face. Don't chicken out now, Mel. You've got to prove yourself. She raised her hands again but instead of grasping his shorts and pulling, as she should have done, she leaned forward to rest her face, burning-hot with embarrassment, against his chest.

This time Sloane took pity on her. He took her hand then got up, pulling her up with him. He didn't say a word - he didn't have to - but simply walked into the bedroom with her in tow.

There, he laid her on the bed and slowly began to remove her clothes. Her sandals were first to go, then he slid the ankle-length cotton dress up her body and over her head, leaving her in bra and panties. He rested a big, warm hand on her belly but then he paused, looking at her with questioning eyes. When she nodded he moved his hands higher and reached behind to unsnap her bra then pulled the undergarment off, leaving her br**sts bare to his heated gaze.

Melanie dropped her eyes but said nothing. More than anything, she wanted to wrap her arms around herself, to hide herself from his stare, but she knew she couldn't. That would spoil everything.

As the thoughts swirled in her head, Sloane was moving toward his next goal and before Melanie could pull back he had drawn her panties off her h*ps and down her thighs, exposing the most private part of her to his gaze. She sucked in her breath and clenched the bed sheets in tight fists.

Sloane lifted his eyes to hers. "It's okay, honey. I'll be gentle."

His voice, quiet but firm, was what she needed to steady her jangling nerves. She drew in a deep breath, let it out slowly, then nodded. She would do this.

Sloane eased himself up and slid his boxer shorts down his legs. Then he climbed back onto the bed and, without warning, began to kiss her knees, then her thighs, and his lips began sliding up, tickling and teasing, moving closer and closer to that private place between her legs.

Melanie didn't know what to do. Sex was one thing, but this - so intimate and so new - was a totally different matter. Reaching down, she put her hand on his head to halt his progress but it was like trying to stop the inevitable.

Sloane reached up and grasped her hand but his hold was gentle and almost reassuring. "Just relax," he whispered. "Don't tighten up. Just flow with me."

But I've never done this before. Her mind screamed the words but she couldn't open her mouth to say them. Sloane already thought her repressed and frigid. She didn't dare make things worse.

And so she pulled her hand from his, dug her fingers into the bed again and bit her lip to keep from crying out. Relax, you fool, relax. He's not going to bite. She hoped...

As she held her breath Sloane moved his lips over her mound, making her flinch, then he slid lower until his mouth settled over the center of her pleasure. And then his tongue came out and he gave the stiff bud a lick.

Melanie jumped and an involuntary gasp escaped her lips. The touch of his tongue sent a jolt of electricity coursing through her and it took all her willpower not to moan out loud.

He shifted, moving closer, and then he licked her again, sending sweet sensations shooting through her body. Then he was nibbling at the bud, then licking, then sucking so softly until her insides began to melt and she felt the tension seep out of her body.

And then it began to feel good. Oh, so good. The muscles of her legs relaxed and she sighed as Sloane stroked her there, starting a fire whose heat began to rise till it had suffused her entire body and she wanted him more than she'd ever wanted a man in her life.

She wanted to feel his hard body on hers, she wanted his muscled arms around her. But more than any of that, she wanted him inside, so deep inside her. And, to her chagrin, she grew moist at the thought...right there in her secret spot.

"Sloane," she croaked, her voice ragged and hoarse. "Please..."

"I know, my sweet. But be patient. I want you to want this..." His voice grew muffled as he dipped his head once more and this time he flattened his tongue and gave a swipe that made her shiver from the sheer ecstasy of it.

God, where had he learned to do that?

But she could wait no longer. For the first time in her life she needed a man like she needed air but the only one she wanted was this man, her husband, who had taken it slow, pleasing her first so that she would want him even more.

"Please, Sloane. Now..." She moaned and reached down for him.

But still, he would not release her from the tantalizing spell he'd cast. After giving her one last lingering kiss he slid his lips up her body, his breath tickling her skin as he went, and paused to lick the hollow of her navel.

She sighed and reached for him again. He ignored her.

Next, he feathered kisses up and over her ribs and then he was circling her br**sts, the left and then the right, until she thought she would die from the sheer torture of it.

This time she grabbed his head in both hands and he had no choice but to follow as she dragged his face up and over the stiff peak of her nipple. He lowered his lips and sucked the bud deep into his mouth, putting her out of her misery and drawing a deep groan from her throat.

"Yes," she half sighed, half sobbed. "Oh, yes."

When he slid over to the other breast and administered the same treatment to her throbbing nipple she moaned and her arms went up involuntarily and she hugged him to her.

At long last, Sloane slid his body up and over her and settled his h*ps between her legs. He dipped his head to lick the top of her ear, sending fresh new shivers down her spine, then he whispered, "Are you ready, my sweet?"

"Yes," she whispered back.

"Are you sure?" he pressed her, giving her ear another lick, driving all sane thought from her mind.

"Yes," she sobbed. "I want you so bad."

"Then you may have me." He slid his mouth across her cheek and captured her lips in a kiss so filled with passion that it drove everything except his kiss from her mind. All she could do was feel him, taste him, drink him in.

And then, as her mind spun down into the whirlpool of desire, Sloane sank into her, slowly but steadily, filling her with that part of himself that she craved so badly.

For a moment he went still, never releasing her from his kiss, but waiting for her to adjust to his invasion. And then, when her body began to relax and she began to move under him, making her desire plain, he began to move too, stroking rhythmically then thrusting into her as she moaned.

And this time her moans were soft and sensual, trembling with pleasure as he slid in and out, stroking her, feeding the fire that burned inside. This time her moans were not from pain but from a mounting tension, a sweet sensual sensation building inside her as he slid his manhood into her core.

"That's it, honey. Just relax. Move with me."

His whispers were soft and soothing, surprisingly gentle as he made love to her, letting her follow his every move, matching the rhythm of his h*ps to hers.

And then he shifted position, angling his h*ps so that with each thrust his pelvic bone stroked her clitoris, sending sparks shooting up her body.

"Ooh," she hissed as the sensation swept through her.

And still he kept on thrusting, and stroking, and sweeping her up in a swirling cloud of ecstasy.

And then a ball of fire began to build in her nether region, burgeoning and billowing till it burst in a volcanic eruption that shook her body from the top of her head to the tips of her toes.

Melanie screamed. She clutched Sloane's shoulders and clung to him as she cried out his name.

Sloane stayed still, bracing himself over her as her body continued to shake as she pulsated around his manhood nestled deep inside her.

It took several seconds, almost an entire minute, before Melanie's gasping ceased and her breathing slowed. Only then did she release her hold on Sloane and only then did she open her tear-filled eyes to stare up into his gray ones.

"Sloane," she said in a hoarse whisper, her eyes wide with wonder, "what did you do to me? That was...wonderful." And, to her mortification, more tears came, sliding from the corners of her eyes to roll into her hair.

He smiled down at her and she could see that he was pleased. He bent his head to give her a soft peck on the forehead. "Was it good for you?"

"It was more than good," she breathed. "It was...I can't even find the words to describe it. It was out of this world." She reached up to touch his cheek. "Sloane, for the first time in my life I actually had an orgasm." She gave him a grateful smile. "I can't believe this is what I was missing all this time."

Sloane's eyes widened then he frowned. "The first time? Are you serious?"

"I'm dead serious," she said, nodding. "I had no idea sex could be this good." Then she gave him an impish grin. "I want to do it again."

He laughed then. "No problem, honey. Any time you want, but no more for now. You're new to this so I want you to take it slow, at least for now."

"I'm not new," she growled.

"Shh," he whispered and put a finger on her lips. "To me, you are. You're practically a virgin. Now get some rest."

And with those words he eased himself off her and rolled over to lay beside her.

And that was when she looked down and saw him, stiff and red and standing at attention.

Melanie gasped and her eyes flew to his face. "Sloane, you didn't come. I thought-"

"Shh," he whispered again as he reached up to pull her down into the crook of his arm. "I'll be all right. Remember," he said as he stroked her arm, "we have three more nights on the island. Plenty of time for us to work up a sweat."

At his words, Melanie shivered. But it was a good kind of shiver, a shiver of pure anticipation.

Because, if the next three nights were going to be anything like this one, she could hardly wait.

CHAPTER NINE

Sloane slammed the ball across the net and watched as Patrick dove to reach it.

No such luck. The spinning ball flew past his racquet to land just inside the white line and then it bounced up and away.

"It's over", Sloane yelled and raised his hands in victory as Patrick threw down his racquet and stalked off the court. The guy was practically throwing a tantrum. All that was left was for him to throw himself on the ground and start screaming like a two-year old. But that was Patrick.

Grinning, Sloane ran toward the net and leaped over it then followed his friend into the club house. It had been an intense game and he'd really worked up a sweat. After months of not being on the tennis court, it felt good.

He caught up with Patrick in the locker room. "Done sulking yet?" he teased. "You know I'm the man on the tennis court so what's up with the pouting like a girl?"

Patrick hung a towel around his neck then turned to glare at him. "I had a bet on that. Fifty bucks."

"Oh, yeah? Who with?" Sloane was not surprised. His friend was always pitting himself against him even though Sloane was bigger, faster and more physical. It had always been that way since they first met in the fourth grade and although Patrick was far superior in all things technical - stereos, computers, video games - he was still way past competitive whenever they faced off in any kind of sport.

"Marc." He gave Sloane a guilty grin. "I know, I know. I need to put down this vice but I was so sure I'd beat you, with you being rusty and all. You haven't been on the court all year." Then he shrugged. "And besides, you're a married man now. Everybody knows once you get married you put on weight and get sluggish."

"Man, I've only been married two weeks." Sloane walked over and slapped him on the shoulder. "Give me at least a few months. I'll grow a paunch and go to seed. Promise."

That made Patrick laugh, then he jerked his head toward the benches. "Listen, I want to talk to you," he said. "Let's jam over there for a second."

"Sure." Sloane shrugged, went back to grab his towel off the hook, then sauntered over and dropped himself onto the bench. Patrick plopped down on the other end. "Ever since you dropped that bombshell," Patrick began, "you and I haven't really had a chance to talk." He cocked his head to one side. "Now tell me, why the heck did you keep this thing a secret all this time? The guys and I were ribbing you just a couple of weeks before you announced your engagement. You didn't say a word. What's up with that?"

Sloane chuckled. "You're not going to believe this, but I was probably more shocked than you were."

Patrick looked at him askance. "What the hell's that supposed to mean?"

"It means," Sloane said, giving him a smug grin, "when it comes to whirlwind romances this was the ultimate. When you guys were on me that day, I honestly didn't know I'd be walking down the aisle months later."

"Huh?" Patrick's face was a study in confusion.

"I know, I know, I've got a lot of explaining to do." Sloane laughed softly but despite his casual exterior he wasn't as calm as he was pretending to be. He had a lot of explaining to do all right, even to himself. He'd taken a huge leap without even giving it the level of thought he would have given a minor business deal. And all because a woman he'd met almost twenty years earlier had asked him for a baby.

Had he made the biggest mistake of his life?

If he'd asked himself the question the first night of his honeymoon he'd have probably said yes. But now?

He smiled to himself. No freakin' way. He'd taken that leap of faith because, as strange as it seemed, from the day Melanie came into his office, somehow he'd known they were meant to be together. It was like his destiny had walked in the door. Yeah, it sounded corny and he was hard put to explain it, but that was just the way he felt.

Sure, her response in bed that first night had given him a shock, but after that...

Sloane's eyes glazed over as his mind flashed back to his days...and especially his nights...in Jamaica with Melanie. After she'd had that first orgasm - and he still couldn't believe he'd been the first to give her that experience - it was like she couldn't get enough. Of course she was a bit hesitant the next time, but she loosened up quickly and then she had her second orgasm and then her third. And as the night passed, and as she got bolder and more demanding, he stopped counting.

And she had this cute little pout that she used when she didn't get her own way in bed. He loved it. If he wasn't careful, he'd soon be falling in love with his wife.

"Earth to Sloane." Patrick snapped his fingers in front of Sloane's face. "What's that smirk about?" Then he shook his head. "You know what? Don't tell me. I have a feeling that what's on your mind should stay there." He swiped the towel across his forehead. "So you beat Michel to the punch, and then you have all of us guys catering to you at your wedding and we still hardly know your other half. When are you going to bring her over to the house? Jacqueline's dying to meet her."

"What about next Sunday?" Sloane asked, happy to change the subject. He still didn't know how he was going to explain his sudden marriage, not without revealing the baby element. And he had absolutely no intention of going there. He made a mental note to think up a good story before the subject came up again.

"Sounds good to me. You guys can come over for dinner."

"Thanks. Melanie will have a ball with Thierry and D'Jean." Sloane got up and walked back to his locker and grabbed his bag.

"Hey, you never know," Patrick called after him. "Seeing the kids might inspire her to want one of her own. She'll soon be harassing you to get her pregnant."

Sloane just chuckled. If Patrick only knew.

***

"Come on in, Ken." Melanie gave a nod of acknowledgement as her financial controller peeped around the door. She returned her gaze to the spreadsheets she'd laid out across the conference table in her office. "You'll have to go through these numbers with me again because this is not looking good."

As Ken walked over he gave a heavy sigh. "I know and that was what I was telling you before you left on vacation."

"It wasn't a vacation," she said, her tone just a tad bit defensive. She hardly ever took time off from work and the one time she did, it was like everyone kept mentioning it. Workaholic that she was, she couldn't help but feel guilty.

"Sorry," he said, his tone apologetic. "Your honeymoon." And then he gave her a weird look, almost like he still couldn't believe it.

Well, it had been a shock to everybody, including her. She glanced down at her wedding band. She still couldn't believe it herself. She was a married woman.

But now there were other, more pressing matters on the table. Literally. She pulled her eyes away from the ring and focused on the papers spread out on the table. "Now tell me what these numbers are saying."

By the time her meeting with Ken Ferguson was done Melanie was feeling sick to her stomach. The film studio she`d bought was turning out to be a money-sucker rather than a brand new star in her portfolio of companies. She'd made the wrong call with that one and she was pissed.

When Ken left she flung herself down into her chair and stared ahead, her eyes unseeing, as she ran her dealings with Rapid Films through her mind. She'd let her next in line, the chief operations officer, handle most of the assessment as he had seemed so caught up with the project. She'd joined the discussion in the later stages when she met the former owner and CEO of the company who painted such a rosy picture of its potential that she'd bought it - hook, line and sinker, as they say. He'd been a charismatic speaker and a brilliant negotiator but she'd always been a tough nut to crack, so why had she folded on this one?

But the thing that really baffled her was that she'd gone through the numbers, line by line, with her VP of Finance. It had looked like the new acquisition would turn a profit immediately. How could they have been so wrong?

And with competition heightening in the media industry, that was not a mistake she could afford to make.

With a hiss of frustration she got up and walked over to the window overlooking Rue Rene-Levesque below. She needed to clear her mind, put this behind her, at least for the moment. She drew in a deep breath and, absentmindedly, she began to twist the ring on her finger.

Suddenly conscious of what she was doing, she looked down at the band of gold glittering up at her. An involuntary smile softened the tight set of her lips and her mind immediately went to Sloane. She couldn't help it. She still found it hard to accept that he had married her...her, of all people. With all the women he could have had, he had chosen her. He was so weird but she couldn't be happier that he was. Because of him she was now happily married, working on getting pregnant and, wonder of wonders, having great sex.

Her smile widened into a grin. Who would have thought that she would have a bigger appetite for sex than Sloane Quest himself?

As she stared out the window her mind drifted back to the last time they made love on the island...on the starched white sand of their private beach...under the light of a tropical moon.

Yes, a tropical moon, because it had all seemed so surreal, with the distant chirps of crickets in the trees, the sound of the gentle breezes rustling the leaves overhead, the fragrant frangipanis filling the air with their perfume, and the soft twilight of the moon bathing their na**d bodies. They'd been bold enough to lie there on the massive towel they'd commandeered from the pool house, and they'd made love...over and over and over again. It was their own private beach, after all. And if a wayward stranger had happened upon them she would not have flinched because it was the last night of their honeymoon, their perfect night, and she never wanted it to end.

As the memories came floating back it drove all thoughts of the present from her mind and Melanie felt a subtle heat, a now familiar heat, rising up her body. Her heart picked up pace as the heat spread until it tickled a most intimate part of her anatomy. Good grief. She was standing in the middle of her office and she was horny as heck.

"May I come in?"

Melanie swung around just in time to see her assistant peeping around the door.

"I knocked but I didn't hear anything so I decided to check if you were in."

That must have been a really soft knock because Melanie hadn't heard a thing. Or maybe she'd been so caught up in her heated memories that the sound had simply not registered.

"Are you okay?" Tamara asked, a look of concern on her face. "You look flushed. Are you coming down with something?"

"No, I'm fine." Quickly, she turned away and walked back to her desk. "Did you need something, Tamara?"

"I just wanted to bring you this FEDEX package that just arrived. It's probably the storyboards from the ad agency. I know you wanted to get them as soon as possible."

"Great. Please leave it on top of the credenza. I'll open it in a minute." Then, adopting a very businesslike air, she reached for a folder in her desk and pretended to be engrossed in its contents. "Is there anything else?`` she asked, without looking up.

"N...no, that's all," Tamara replied, sounding nonplussed by her boss's unusually cold reception. "I'll go now."

Melanie breathed a sigh of relief as she closed the door behind her. She glanced at the time at the bottom of her computer screen. Three thirty-six. Was that all? No matter that she had tons of work to do, she was ready to leave office for the day.

She raised her finger to her lips, her mind on Sloane as she wondered what he was doing just then. Right at that moment, was he as horny as she?

She smiled to herself then shook her head. In all her thirty-three years this was the first time she'd found herself scheming to ditch her duties and run off and jump into bed with a man. And it was all Sloane's fault. He'd turned her into a wild woman.

She had no idea what Sloane was up to, but work day or no work day, she was going to call him. If luck was on her side, he'd answer his phone and she'd be able to convince him to play hookie with her.

She picked up the phone and dialed his number.

CHAPTER TEN

"Naughty, naughty."

Sloane's voice drifted up the stairs to Melanie and she immediately left the bedroom and ran downstairs to greet him. She was halfway down when she saw him at the door, tall and rugged and ever so handsome in his dark business suit, his tie already loosened and hanging around his neck. He was bending to drop his briefcase to the floor but when she came running he looked up and his face broke into a smile.

"There's my girl," he said, as he straightened and looked at her with open admiration. "Sexy."

Melanie paused at the foot of the stairs and gave him her most seductive smile. She knew she looked good. She'd dressed in a scarlet teddy that opened in the middle to show off her navel and the skimpy bikini panties underneath. She did a little pirouette for her admirer then walked right up to him, went on tiptoe and gave him a kiss full on the lips. Then she stepped back. "I've been waiting for you," she said, her voice husky with want, "and I'm ready."

"Then let's do this," he growled and bent down to press his shoulder into her middle. When he stood up it was with her over his shoulder in a fireman lift and then he was climbing the stairs two at a time as he headed to their bedroom, the one he'd converted from a bachelor's den to an abode fit for a royal couple. And she knew he'd done it just for her.

Sloane deposited her in the middle of the bed then headed to the bathroom, sliding his jacket off his shoulders as he went. "Just give me a minute," he said as he began to unbutton his shirt.

Within seconds Melanie heard the shower and she settled back into the pillows and smiled. She remembered Sloane's surprised response when she'd called to say she wanted him in bed. Now.

Apparently, someone had been in the office with him because he cleared his throat and gave her a generic answer. "Uh, yes. I think we can make that happen. Let's make it four-fifteen, shall we?" And then he'd hung up and she'd spent the next minute laughing her head off. She could just imagine the thoughts racing through his head. He was probably wondering why in the world he'd married this crazy woman who had gone from nun-like state to wanton in a matter of weeks.

She didn't get much more time to gloat over her newfound self confidence because within minutes Sloane was striding out of the bathroom, stark naked, his manhood one hundred percent ready.

"You wicked woman," he said as he climbed onto the bed beside her. "I had an operations meeting this afternoon. I had to tell the team to cancel as something very important had come up." Then he chuckled. "I wasn't lying."

Melanie reached out to slide her hand over his shoulder and down his arm, enjoying the feel of his smooth skin and taut muscles. "I never did anything like this before," she said, her eyes sliding over his chest and down to the soft hairs forming a V down below. "It's crazy but I couldn't help myself. I was so..."

"Horny?" He put out a hand and started some exploration of his own, sliding his palm up to cup the soft roundness of her breast.

"Yes," she said in a whispered gasp, as his thumb grazed her nipple.

"When I see you," he said not ceasing his torture, "I'm always horny."

And then he lowered his head and captured that tortured nipple in a kiss so sweet that she arched her back, wanting so much more.

That afternoon Sloane delivered on his promise, making sweet love to her till the sun began its slow descent behind the hills, painting the sky with swathes of red and yellow and gold.

For Melanie it was the most wonderful way to end her day, lying there in the arms of the man she was growing to love. Yes, she had to admit, with each passing day Sloane was becoming more and more a part of her life, her being. What she was feeling, she realized, had nothing to do with wanting his baby. What she was feeling was all for him.

As she lay there in the crook of his arm, his hand caressing her body which was still warm from lovemaking, she sighed and looked up at him. "I still can't believe this is me, skipping work for sex. This is so unlike me."

He laughed softly then touched his index finger to the tip of her nose. "That was the old you. You're a super sexy woman who loves to make love. Nothing wrong with that."

"But I never used to like sex," she protested.

"You never had the right man to show you what love is."

She dipped her head and tucked it under his chin. Her face pressed against his chest, she spoke again, her voice slightly muffled. "They both told me I was the problem. And then...they got frustrated and left. I thought...it was all my fault."

Sloane made a sound deep in his throat, an unmistakable grunt of disgust. "The men in your life, they were nothing but jerks. Sounds like they didn't even try." Then he wrapped his arms around her and lifted his hand to stroke her hair. "If you're the problem, you're definitely a problem I love to have. Did you know I get hard every time you're around?"

She pushed away from his chest and looked up into his face. "No way. You're lying." It was a sweet lie, but she didn't want that. He didn't need to flatter her. With her slender body and fairly small br**sts she was never going to win a prize for 'sexy'. The fact that he wanted her when they were in bed was more than enough for her.

"I can prove it," he said, his eyes never wavering as he looked at her. "Next time you want to test what I told you, wherever we are, whether at home or away, just rest your hand right here and check what you feel." He took her hand and placed it on his groin. And he really was hard - or at least semi-hard - even though they'd just made love.

Melanie gave him a playful glare. "Sloane, I can't do that. Not out in public. It's...indecent."

He shrugged. "Well, you asked..."

She laughed. "Okay, I'll take your word for it. I believe you."

He tapped her on the nose again. "Never question that I want you. You should have no doubts about that."

And she didn't.

But she couldn't help noticing that nowhere in his declaration had he mentioned the word 'love'.

***

"Aaw, he's so cute." Melanie knelt down and stretched out her arms to two year-old D'Jean but he made no move toward her. Instead, he clutched his mother's skirt with a tiny fist and popped the thumb of the other hand into his mouth, staring back at her with big blue eyes.

"Go on," Jacqueline said, giving him a nudge. "Go give Melanie a hug." That only made him cling tighter.

When Melanie's face fell in disappointment, Sloane gave her a reassuring pat on the shoulder. "He'll come around soon. Just give him time to get used to you."

"But what am I doing wrong?" She turned confused eyes up to him.

"Absolutely nothing. Just be patient. He'll be bouncing up and down on your knee in no time."

Melanie nodded but her tiny sigh and the slight droop of her mouth told Sloane that the toddler's lack of interest really hurt. He guessed she was feeling sensitive, especially because she so badly wanted a child of her own.

"Hey, Thierry looks ready to play." He pointed to the brown-haired boy throwing a tennis ball up into the branches of a tree, intent on hitting the bird's nest there.

Melanie looked doubtful. "Yeah, but he's four. Do you think he's into hugs and kisses?"

"Definitely not," Jacqueline said with a laugh, "but he loves playing catch and D'Jean's too young. Why don't you try that?"

"Ookaay." Melanie dragged the word, looking even more uncertain, but she got up from where she was kneeling on the rug in the kitchen, crossed the patio and went out onto the lawn where Thierry was peering up into the leaves. When he saw her his eyes lit up and he pointed to the object of his interest, chattering excitedly, probably explaining what he'd been doing. When Melanie shook her head his face fell and the bright smile was replaced with a pout. Then he stalked off, climbed onto his tricycle and rode away, leaving Melanie looking depressed.

"Well, that went well," Jacqueline said as she stroked D'Jean's head.

Sloane laughed. "She'll recover, but I probably need to give her some moral support right now." He was still chuckling as he walked out the kitchen door and headed toward where Melanie stood staring up at the now abandoned bird nest. "Rejected by two men in a row," he said under his breath, of course not loud enough for her to hear. "That must hurt."

Despite the rough start, as Sloane had predicted, D'Jean grew more relaxed around Melanie with each passing minute and within the hour they were playing ball out on the lawn. Of course, the game had them doing nothing more than sitting on the grass, facing each other, rolling a melon-sized ball back and forth. From time to time Thierry would ride over and regard them with obvious disdain. Still, Melanie had a wide smile on her face as she played with the toddler and D'Jean, he was chortling with glee.

When Jacqueline called them in for dinner forty minutes later it was a smiling Melanie who came in, holding a babbling boy in her arms. And after she'd cleaned him up and then strapped him into his high chair, he raised his hands up to her, clearly preferring to be in her arms than over in a chair all by himself.

"Aaw, he wants to sit on my lap," she cooed, obviously pleased that he wanted to be with her. She looked over at Jacqueline. "May I?"

"Now, now. You have to be strong." Jacqueline shook her head but she was smiling. "Don't be fooled by that innocent look. If you have him in your lap while you're eating, before you know it all your food will end up on the floor. Trust me. I speak from experience."

Melanie seemed to accept that but she still looked wistfully back at D'Jean, obviously enamored by his cherubic charm.

"What did I miss?" They all looked up as Patrick came into the dining room holding a tub of ice cream in one hand and a cake box in the other.

"Sorry I'm late. The guys wouldn't let me leave the soccer game."

"They wouldn't let you leave or you couldn't tear yourself away?" Jacqueline gave him a teasing glare. "Anyway, you made it just in time. Leave those on the counter and go clean up."

After apologizing again to his visitors, Patrick went off to the powder room then deposited his gangly frame in the chair at the head of the table. "Cool," he said, grinning like a little kid. "Fried chicken and corn on the cob. Looks so good I could eat it all."

Jacqueline rolled her eyes but the glow in her cheeks made it obvious that she was pleased with his praise.

After that they settled down to a delicious dinner, with the children entertaining them with their chatter and Patrick giving them a detailed account of his performance on the soccer field - a far more detailed account than they would have wished, so much so that Sloane eventually cut him off midstream.

"Yeah, so you want to hear about my day?" he asked as he dipped up a spoon of pistachio ice cream.

"No, not really," Patrick sneered.

"Okay, then." Sloane gave him a pointed look and Patrick's sheepish grin said he got the point.

"Oh, shut up and eat your ice cream," he muttered under his breath, a rebellious smile forming on his lips.

Thierry gasped and his eyes grew wide. "Mommy, Daddy said a bad word."

"Daddy." Jacqueline's brows fell.

Patrick shook his head. "They don't hear you when you tell them to pick up their toys," he grumbled, "but they always hear what they're not supposed to."

Jacqueline gave him a stern look. "Apologize."

He sighed. "I'm sorry, Thierry. Daddy didn't mean to use naughty words, okay?"

"Okay, Daddy." Thierry, looking suitably appeased, picked up his spoon and began eating again.

Melanie looked on, obviously amused by the antics of Patrick and his family, and then her eyes took on a faraway look that told Sloane she was busy daydreaming about her own future family, one that would have at least one child, probably more.

He was just about to reach over and touch her hand, just to let her know he was privy to her thoughts, when the doorbell rang.

Jacqueline and Patrick glanced at each other, their looks quizzical.

"Are we expecting someone?" Patrick asked.

"Not me," Jacqueline said with a shrug then she started to rise. "I'll go see-"

"No, I'll get it." Patrick put up a hand, stopping her, then he got up from around the table. He glanced over at Sloane and Melanie. "Excuse me a minute."

A few seconds later they heard the sounds of laughter and one of the voices was a woman's.

"Hey, look who's here." Patrick came bounding into the dining room and close behind him was a woman, tall and dark-haired and sophisticated. "And just in time for dinner, too."

Sloane felt a shock run through him. Zena. What was she doing here?

He kept his face passive as he stared at her even though he felt like he'd just been kicked in the gut. There, not six feet away, stood the first woman he'd ever made love to.

"Zena," he said, as he rose to his feet. "This is a surprise. What brings you back to Montreal?" He kept his tone deliberately relaxed but inside he was anything but. Over a decade had passed since his last contact with Zena but he could have played back that final conversation word for word. "Get out of my life," he'd told her. "You disgust me."

But now she was back.

"Sloane, it's been too long," she gushed, ignoring his outstretched hand and stepping forward to embrace him. Then she leaned back to gaze up at him. "And you don't look a day older than the last time I saw you. How do you men do it?" She gave a brassy laugh then stepped away and turned to Patrick and Jacqueline.

"For 'Taboo' we're shooting a scene in Montreal. Can you imagine how thrilled I was when I heard we'd be in my hometown?" Her eyes flashed as she gave them a movie star-white smile. "So I decided to pay a surprise visit to my old school friends."

"It's a surprise, all right." Jacqueline's face said she didn't quite know what to make of the sudden visit but then she masked it with a smile as she got up. "But it's good to see you, Zena." She waved her hand at an empty place at the table. "Have a seat. I'll set a place for you."

"No, no." The unexpected guest lifted her perfectly manicured hands and shook her head. "I have to get back to the set by five. My limo's waiting outside." Then she gave a trilling laugh. "But I've been away so long, I couldn't be back in Montreal and not drop in on you guys. We were all best friends, remember? We were a team."

"Yeah," Patrick said, his tone nostalgic. "Those were the days."

"Well, guys, it was good to lay eyes on you again but I've got to run. Doctor's visit, you know." Her eyes swept the table, over the children who she didn't acknowledge then to Melanie, where her gaze paused. And then she glanced away, a tight smile on her lips. "Nice seeing you again, guys," she said as she turned. "Sloane, why don't you walk me to the door?"

Now what was Zena up to? She hadn't acknowledged Melanie's presence even though he was sure she knew who she was. They'd parted on less than amicable terms and now she wanted him to escort her out? She was definitely up to something.

He did walk her to the door, where she turned and gave him a sly smile. "It's not over till it's over," she whispered, and then she was sashaying down the driveway to her waiting car.

Sloane frowned. He didn't know what to make of that, but coming from Zena it was definitely a threat.

He closed the door and returned to the dining room where the others had already turned their attention back to their meal. All except Melanie. She was staring at him, her eyes huge in her face, her fingers clutching the napkin in her hand.

He could see the worry in her eyes and he knew that as soon as they got home that night he'd have some explaining to do.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Melanie was seething. How dare they? If Sloane had wanted to flirt with his ex he didn't have to do it right in front of her face. The cad. And she knew exactly who the woman was. It was an older face, and a lot harder, but it was the same face she'd seen in the high school cafeteria when she'd been fourteen. It was the girl Sloane had been with that day she saw him from across the gym-sized room.

Obviously they'd been involved, and even more obvious, there was still something going on between them...even though he was now married to someone else.

With a huff, Melanie folded her arms across her chest and stared straight ahead, refusing to respond to Sloane's questions. She was not going to speak to him and he could talk till he was blue, she would not give him the satisfaction of a response.

For the entire journey back to the house Melanie remained silent and when he pulled the car to a halt in front of the steps she flung the door open and hopped out before he could come around to help her. She didn't want his conversation and she definitely didn't want his help.

"Melanie." He barked out her name as she flew up the steps and headed for the front door. "Wait."

She whirled around to face him. "Why should I? So you can insult me some more? Throw your lover in my face?"

"You got it all wrong." He was climbing the steps and coming toward her, the shadows of night hiding the expression on his face, but Melanie could guess he was looking smug.

"I don't want to hear it," she grated but by this time he was standing right in front of her and he was looking anything but smug. On his face was a scowl.

"Well, you're going to hear it, whether you like it or not." He reached behind her and unlocked the door then took her elbow in a grip from which she could not wrest her arm even if she tried. "You're going to sit and you're going to listen to what I have to say."

Realizing resistance was futile, Melanie let him lead her across the foyer and toward the den where he deposited her on the sofa and sat down beside her.

"Listen to me, Melanie," he said, his face stern. "I know what you're thinking but you're wrong. There's absolutely nothing going on between Zena and me."

She glared back at him, not believing a word. "No? So why was she giving you all kinds of googly eyes? And then you went to the door with her for some sort of secret conference." She clenched her fists. "I heard you guys laughing out there. You didn't even care that I could hear you."

"That was Zena you heard, not me."

She shook her head. "It doesn't matter. You were there with her so you're guilty by association. And why did you ask me to marry you, anyway, if you're still in love with...Zena?" As she said the woman's name her voice dripped with venom. She was working herself up into a state, she knew, but she didn't care. The situation called for it.

To her surprise, Sloane reached out and covered her hand with his. "Look, I know you're angry and not knowing the whole story, that's understandable. All I ask is that you hear me out and then you can decide whether to be angry or not."

Melanie bit her lip, dying to tell him to go to France - which was her way of saying go to hell - but how could she say no? He was calm and what he was asking was not unreasonable. If she refused she would simply be acting like a fool.

She heaved a sigh. "All right. But this had better be good."

He nodded. "Zena was my first serious girlfriend back in high school then we went to college in two different countries. She went off to France and I stayed in Montreal so the relationship dissolved and we moved on. When she came back home we sort of picked up where we left off but we had issues." He shrugged. "We had frequent arguments so our relationship was more like 'on again, off again'. And then one day she said she'd had enough. We should either be together permanently or not at all. I thought, what the heck, and asked her to marry me. At the time I thought settling down would be the best cure for both of us."

As she listened to his words, Melanie's heart went still. He'd said 'what the heck' and then asked Zena to marry him? As casually as that? Was that how he saw marriage, as casual and insignificant? Was that how he saw their marriage?

He continued speaking, seeming not to notice her distress. "She agreed and we were engaged for about five months. And that was when things fell apart."

That pulled her attention from her worries and back to his narrative. "You broke up again?"

"Worse than that," he said, his tone bitter. "I dropped by her place and found her in bed with another man."

Melanie gasped. "Good grief."

He gave a hollow laugh. "Good grief is right. I didn't say a word, just turned and marched right out of there. She ran after me but I told her I didn't want her in my life. I told her," he said, his mouth twisting with an ugly emotion, "that she disgusted me."

Melanie didn't know what to say to that so she only stared, watching the memory of the betrayal darkening his face.

"Outside of glimpses of her in the tabloids I haven't had any communication with Zena since then, not until tonight." He shook his head. "After what she did to me that day, I couldn't trust her or any woman again." His eyes were bleak as he stared straight ahead as if seeing the ghost of his past in the distance.

His words were not lost on Melanie. Trust, probably the most significant element in a relationship, and he couldn't share that with any woman. This was important. She decided to venture a question. "You married me...but you don't trust me?"

Sloane spared her a glance. "This is different. I know you're not after love or money and the way you are, you're not going to be looking around for other men. You made it clear that all you want is a baby." He shrugged and looked away again.

She decided to press him further. "I can see what I get out of this, but what about you? What do you get?"

"Stability. A family. I'm almost forty, Melanie. It's about time."

"And that's all you want?"

His gaze swung back to her. "What else is there?" And then his face softened in a wry smile. "Except for a whole lot of good sex?"

With each word, Melanie's heart slid lower and lower. She'd known what she was signing up for when she agreed to be Sloane's wife but after weeks of living with him, stupid or not, she wanted more.

And the thing she now found she wanted most was the one thing it seemed he did not have in him to give...his love.

***

When Melanie got up and walked away Sloane realized that had been the dumbest thing he could have said. What he wanted out of marriage was good sex? It was already understood, so what woman wanted to hear that?

He made to follow her but then decided against it. She probably needed some time alone and he could do with some time himself. He'd better gather his thoughts before he went after her and put his foot in it a second time.

The truth was, things were getting a whole lot more serious than just sex, but how could he tell her that? It would be more than dumb to say anything when he wasn't even sure where his head was. So he'd begun to care for her, but that was normal when you'd been living with someone for weeks. But did he love her?

That was the question and he wasn't sure he had the answer so, for now, he'd just say nothing.

With a grunt he got up and headed for the bedroom. He had a feeling he'd hurt Melanie with his thoughtless remark and he needed to do damage control before he had a weeping woman on his hands.

As expected, she was sitting in the middle of the bed, her arms wrapped around her tucked-up legs, her chin on her knees. She looked depressed but, thankfully, she wasn't crying. He could deal with pretty much anything except tears.

Saying nothing, he went to sit on the bed beside her then pulled her into his arms.

Immediately, she sank into him and wrapped her arms around his waist. She seemed drained, too exhausted to speak, and he understood. Sometimes emotional trauma was more draining than the physical. Right now what Melanie needed was comfort and reassurance. Healing.

Sloane leaned down to kiss the top of her head and then he lifted his hand to softly stroke her hair. When she sighed and tucked in closer he tilted her face toward his and gave her a kiss that was gentle but firm, his small way of giving her the reassurance he knew she needed.

She clung to him like she would never let go. It was the emotions - the uncertainty, the sadness - coming to the surface. Right then she was at her most vulnerable.

Seeking to comfort her he leaned down, pressing her into the pillows, deepening the kiss when she moaned. When he finally released her lips and pulled away she reached for him, so he kissed her forehead, her eyelids, her cheeks, her collarbone and when she shivered he smiled and went lower still. He slid her top off and kissed her shoulders then his lips tickled her upper arms and the soft hollow by her elbow and she shifted in the bed, seeming anxious for his attention elsewhere.

He obliged. He spent the next few minutes worshiping her br**sts, cupping the mini-globes in his big hands, catching the ni**les between his teeth and nibbling till she sucked in her breath and reached up to tug at his shirt.

Sloane needed no further encouragement. In quick time his clothes were gone and he was pulling Melanie's jeans down her legs. Both na**d now, he climbed back into the bed but this time he lay on his back and pulled her on top of him. "Ride me," he whispered. "Tonight, you're in control."

For a moment she looked nervous but when he made no move to help she bit her lip then straddled his h*ps and planted her hands in the middle of his chest. She positioned herself over him then slowly, gingerly, she began to descend.

He could see the uncertainty on her face, the fear that this would hurt. Immediately, he reached up and began to tickle her ni**les and her nostrils flared as the thrill ran through her. Then she drew in her breath and sank down on his rigid shaft.

Melanie learned to ride Sloane that night, to take full control as she set the pace for their lovemaking. And when he could hold it no more and shot his seed deep inside her she rode faster, bucking wildly, and then she screamed her orgasm out loud as her vagina walls convulsed around him.

She collapsed on top of him and he let her lie there, panting, struggling to catch her breath. Gradually her breathing slowed and when he began to stroke her back she settled more comfortably on his chest with a groan of satisfaction.

"Was it good for you?" he asked, his hand never ceasing from its caress. "Not sore?"

"It was perfect," she said on a sigh. "I can't believe I never tried that before."

He chuckled, pleased that she was contented, and slid over to his side so she could nestle into him and drift off to sleep. And as Melanie slept, Sloane stroked her arm and stared, unseeing, up at the ceiling. He may have put some of her fears to rest but he had some fears of his own...

...chief of which was what the hell would Zena be coming with next?

CHAPTER TWELVE

Oh, great. Just what she needed. She was already in a bad mood after seeing Sloane's ex the evening before and now she'd gotten up, ready to face the work day, only to realize that her friend had arrived. Yes, the same unwelcome guest who showed up every single month without fail.

But this month she'd thought things would be different. She was a married woman now, one who'd been actively trying to get pregnant. Melanie did a quick rewind in her mind. She'd been married to Sloane a month now and they'd made love at least a dozen times. Where the heck was her baby? After so many tries, shouldn't she be good and pregnant by now?

Apparently, her body hadn't gotten the memo. It was chugging along as per usual, totally forgetting the plan to pause along the way so she could start a family. Darn!

Now she would have to make extra effort in the coming months. Not that Sloane would mind, but it wasn't like she had lots of time to play with. She was already thirty-four and she wanted to have her baby before she hit the ripe and troublesome age of thirty-five.

Still fuming twenty minutes later she slammed out of the house and into her car and made her way to the office. And as if her day hadn't started off badly enough, it decided to get worse. Ken Ferguson and his team were waiting for her.

She glared at her financial controller. "You could at least have waited till I settled down before camping out in my office."

Ken shook his head. "This is serious, Melanie. It can't wait."

"Okay," she said with a sigh. She knew she wouldn't like what was coming. "Give me ten minutes." She glanced over at the two men and the woman who had accompanied Ken. "Meet me in conference room C. I'll be there shortly."

She watched them gather up their papers and laptop computers and as they exited her office she drew in a long and steadying breath. She needed these few minutes alone to focus.

As CEO she'd taken her father's multimillion dollar company to a billion-dollar enterprise and although there'd been some obstacles along the way she'd overcome them all eventually. Lady Luck had been on her side all these years but now it looked like the lovely lady was planning on throwing her overboard. Her latest acquisition had been a disaster, she realized, but how bad was it, really? She tightened her lips. From the look on the faces of the finance team things must be really bad.

And to think she'd bought the new company specifically for the purpose of revitalizing her existing one. The fact was, Parker Broadcasting had not achieved growth forecast in the past two years and needed an infusion of new technology, new ideas. And then her COO told her about Rapid Films. New technology to the rescue. Or so she'd thought. Instead, she'd added another woe to her already long list.

She picked up the phone. "Tamara, can you arrange for coffee for conference room C, please?" With what she was about to face, Melanie had a feeling she'd need that plus a shot of gin.

With a grimace she grabbed her laptop and headed for conference room C.

***

"What the hell are you doing here?"

Not the most polite greeting but Sloane didn't give a damn. Zena had bullied both his receptionist and his personal assistant into letting her through to his private office and, not wanting her to create a scene - which, if she was like the Zena he used to know, she would very likely do - he'd allowed it.

But now she was here, behind the closed door of his office, and there was no longer any reason to feign courtesy. "And what kind of stunt was that you pulled on Sunday, showing up at Patrick's house without warning? You knew I was there, didn't you?"

"Of course, darling," Zena said in her best film star voice. "I called Marc and he told me I'd find you at Patrick's."

Son of a...Sloane clenched his fist. He would have to exchange a few choice words with Marc. But that was for later. Right now he had a witch in his office, one who was certainly up to no good. It was time to get rid of her.

"Just state your business and then go." Still standing by his desk, he folded his arms across his chest and scowled at her.

"My business, dear Sloane," she said, her voice suspiciously sweet, "is not so much with you as with your wife."

Sloane's jaw almost dropped. He caught himself just in time. "My wife? You don't even know her."

"Oh, but I do." Zena came farther into the office, her movements as seductive as a cat, as she came to stand just a few feet away from Sloane. "Everybody knows Melanie Parker of Parker Broadcasting, heiress to a billion-dollar empire."

Sloane looked at her askance. "And what's that supposed to mean?"

"It means, my dear sweet Sloane, that I have you by the you know what." She was even closer now, so close that Sloane could see a fleck of gold in her eyes. "You hurt me. You walked out on me when I needed you most, and I never forgot that."

"I walked out on you?" Sloane stared back at her, incredulous. "You were the one who defiled our relationship by cheating." The woman was obviously deranged, living in a totally warped reality.

"You could have forgiven me," she said, her voice rising with her anger. "I was searching, trying to find myself. That was all it was. He meant nothing to me, but you did."

"Yeah, right." He regarded her with disgust. "Not even a fool without a brain would believe that."

"Well, it's true." Her nostrils flared and her chest rose and fell with her agitated breathing. "I had to talk to you, to explain, but you refused all my calls. You even had me thrown out of your office building. Well, after that, I was left with no other option but to hate you. It was either that or go mad."

Sloane stared at her in disbelief. "You left and went to Europe, Zena. You started a new life, a damn successful one at that. Are you telling me that you've held on to your hatred of me all these years?"

"Yes," she spat, "and all these years I've wanted to find a way to get my revenge. Touching you would be too easy. Now you have someone in your life who you loved enough to marry. She's my target."

At her words a flash of panic went through him but, just as fast, it turned to anger. Fingers itching to reach out and grab her, he clenched his hands at his sides. "You are literally mad," he said through gritted teeth. "You've been bearing a grudge for ten years for something you did, not me. I asked you to marry me, you fool."

"Yes, and then you dumped me."

"For good reason."

"For something we could have worked out."

Sloane raised his eyebrows at that and then he shook his head. He'd been one hundred percent right. The woman was off her rocker. How could she have stayed silent all these years, living a grand life as a movie star in Europe, and then, as soon as he got married...

And then it dawned on him. That was what had triggered this. She must have seen the announcement of the engagement and then the photos of the wedding. The paparazzi were everywhere. The tabloids had had a field day with both stories. He wasn't surprised at all that she'd found out.

The media attention on him must have brought the old grudge to the fore and so she'd come back to torture him. And he wasn't going to believe that cock-and-bull story about shooting a scene in Montreal. Too much of a coincidence. No, she'd orchestrated the whole thing so that she could come back and create havoc in his life.

"If you so much as harm one hair on-"

"Too late, honey," Zena smirked. "The deed is already done."

"What the hell's that supposed to mean?" Sloane's hands shot out. He grasped Zena by the upper arms and dragged her to within inches of his face. He wasn't in the habit of manhandling women but this was not the time for self control. "What have you done to Melanie?"

Zena did not seem the least bit perturbed. In fact, she curved toward him, almost touching him, coming a whole lot closer than he wanted. "Don't you worry," she whispered as she leaned into him. "You'll find out soon enough."

With a growl of frustration Sloane pushed her away and walked back around his desk to grab his cell phone. When he looked up Zena was still standing there. "Get out of my face, Zena," he said, his voice a chilling whisper. "You've said enough for today. Now leave."

The woman threw him a bitter laugh and then she backed away. "Throwing me out again, are you? Well, this time I've got you where it hurts." With that, she whirled around and flung the door open then marched out, leaving it wide open behind her.

And Sloane could only stand there, holding the phone and staring after her.

Now he knew first-hand what the saying meant - 'Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned'.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Melanie was in the middle of her finance meeting when her cell phone rang. Annoyed at the interruption, she frowned then glanced at the screen. Sloane. Immediately, her face cleared.

She put up a hand. "Excuse me a minute, guys," she said, giving her team an apologetic smile. "I have to take this call." They all nodded and Melanie slipped out of the conference room and went to stand at the end of the hall where she had a little more privacy.

"Hi, Sloane," she said, keeping her voice low. "Is everything all right?" It was unusual for him to call her in the middle of the day and the fact that he had, caused her a twinge of worry.

"All's good," he said, his voice strangely wary, "but what about you? Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," she said, feeling slightly confused. "Why?" And then she knew. Her face broke into a smile. "Oh, you. Naughty, naughty. Come on, it's only eleven o'clock in the morning. Couldn't you at least wait until the afternoon?"

There was a pause then Sloane let his breath out in a whoosh. "Thank God you're all right."

Melanie frowned. "Of course I'm all right. Why wouldn't I be? Sloane, what's going on?"

"I'm not sure. I'll talk to you when you get home tonight. Just be careful today, okay?"

"Okay," she said, stretching out the word. Sloane was acting really weird. She would have loved to question him further but she had a room full of executives waiting for her. "Uh, Sloane, I've got to go. Talk to you later, okay?"

"Okay," he said, sounding like he wanted to say something more but then he didn't.

"Bye," she said, and hung up. And then she was heading back to her meeting, forgetting all about her conversation with Sloane, caught up once again in the drama that was unfolding in the conference room. On the advice of her chief operating officer she'd made a hasty decision in her effort inject new life into the film division. Instead of shoring up the business, everything had hit the fan. Now she would have to face the consequences.

It was a huge blow to her ego, knowing she had fumbled, but she was the captain of this ship. She would just have to pick up the pieces and sail on. But the thought of having to tell her father made her cringe.

That night when Melanie got home Sloane was waiting for her. As soon as she walked in the door he came over and took her briefcase from her grasp and, brows furrowed, looked into her eyes. "Are you okay?"

Melanie shrugged. "Of course I am. Why wouldn't I be?" Then she frowned. "You've been acting really strange today. What gives?" And then it dawned on her. Somehow, Sloane must have known about her disastrous business deal with Rapid Films. How he'd heard, she had no idea, but obviously he was aware, or else why would he keep questioning her, asking how she was?

And then she tightened her lips. If Sloane had found out then that meant she had a leak in the company and that was not good. She couldn't have corporate secrets getting out like that. If Sloane knew about it then who else out there did, too?

She gave him a pointed look. "Sloane, answer me. Why do you keep asking how I'm doing? What do you know that you're not telling me?"

His answer was to take her arm and lead her into the living room where he pressed her down onto the sofa. "We need to talk."

Melanie's heart sank. No conversation that began with 'we need to talk' ever ended well. Her heart thumping, she stared up into his face. So he'd found out that Parker Broadcasting had a division that was in a serious financial crisis. She was sure he was going to blast her about it but else was he going to do? Then a thought struck her, a really frightening idea. Oh God, what if he thought she'd demanded a baby and then married him because one of her companies was in trouble and she wanted him to bail her out? What if he'd called her in here to tell her he wanted a divorce?

She opened her mouth to speak, anxious to explain herself before he started his reprimand, but she never got the chance.

"There's something you should know," Sloane said, his face serious, "something that could affect your safety."

Her safety? Melanie tilted her head, confused. That was the last thing she'd expected Sloane to say. "What do you mean?" she asked, watching his expression change from concern to something like anger then back to worry. Something was definitely not right. "Sloane, what is it?"

He put his fist to his lips, his eyes thoughtful, then he sat down beside her. "Remember that woman we talked about? Zena. My ex."

"Of course I remember her. What about her?" If Sloane was now going to tell her he suddenly realized he had feelings for his ex, she would kill him.

"She's up to something. I don't know what it is, but she said something that made me fear for your safety."

"My safety?" Melanie gave him a puzzled look. "She doesn't even know me...well, outside of the time she saw me at Patrick's, but she acted like I didn't even exist."

"I know," he said, "but she's very much aware of your existence." His look grew more serious. "And that you're my wife." He drew in a breath then expelled it. "She hates me and is bent on revenge but she wants to hurt me through you. I don't know what she's planning but I want you to be careful. Do you understand?"

Melanie's eyes widened but she nodded. "Yes. Do you...think we should go to the police?"

Slowly, he shook his head. "I wish we could but right now it's just my word against hers. She can deny everything I tell them. And the worst part is, I have no idea what angle she plans to come from." He reached out and took her hand in his. "I'm assigning a bodyguard to you from here on."

"But I don't do bodyguards-"

He put a finger to her lips, cutting her off. "It's non-negotiable. You are not leaving this house without one."

"Okay, if you say so..."

"I say so. Now come on," he said, standing up and pulling her with him, "let's get you some dinner. You must be starving."

That got her attention. "You cooked."

He chuckled. "I wish. You know that's not my thing. But I did order you something from Mango Bay Restaurant."

Immediately, her mouth began to water and she gave him a huge grin. "Curried goat? Escoveitched fish?"

He laughed as he led her toward the kitchen. "I won't spoil the surprise."

And as Melanie followed him down the hallway she released a sigh of relief. It was obvious that Sloane knew nothing about her business disaster with Rapid Films and she planned to keep it that way.

***

To Sloane's relief, the days passed without any further sign of Zena and no indication - so far - that Melanie was in any danger. Still, he was not taking any chances so, despite her objections, he had the security detail covering her day after day. After a week he began to breath a little easier but he knew that neither he nor Melanie could afford to relax their vigilance. And, in the meanwhile, he would have to find some way to regain contact with Zena and set some sort of trap for her. If he wanted to get the police involved he had to come up with evidence.

Then one day, a couple of weeks after his conversation with Melanie, he came home to find her sitting in the sofa, her feet up, arms wrapped around her legs, her chin on her knees. This seemed to be her favorite position when she was deep in thought. There was a deep crease in her brow, the worry visibly stamped on her face.

"Melanie," he said softly. "What's the matter?"

Her head jerked up and it was as if she were noticing his presence for the first time. "Oh, hey Sloane. You're home early."

"No, actually it's late. How long have you been sitting here?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. Since six o'clock?"

"And it's now way past seven. What's on your mind?" He went over to sit beside her.

"Uhm, nothing important. I was just thinking."

"Yes, about something very important, or else you wouldn't be sitting here in a dark room staring off into space."

"Yeah, but it's not about anything you'd want to hear about."

"Melanie, I'm your husband." Sloane's voice was brutally stern. "If there's something worrying you I need to know about it. Now talk."

"But it doesn't have anything to do with us," she said, obviously determined to hold her ground. "It has to do with business. My business."

"And your business is my business. Don't let me have to ask again."

It was only when he said those words that Melanie began to look like she was considering talking, and it was a good thing because he was not going to move until she opened up to him.

"I...it's nothing." She breathed in, then let it out slowly. "Well, actually, it's something but it's sort of embarrassing."

"I'm listening."

She looked down at her hands and when she spoke her voice was quiet and low. "I made a bad business move a few months ago and now it's coming back to bite me. I needed an infusion of new technology so I gobbled up a film company, hoping that would bring in some new investors. Instead, it's been nothing but a big hole in my film division's already leaky bucket." She sighed. "I thought I was rescuing the company but it was the worst business decision of my life."

Sloane frowned. "But you have deputies who should have been advising you on the transaction. I know the final decision is yours but what about the analysis? Didn't your team assess the potential of this acquisition before you put money on the table?"

She looked up at him then, her eyes cloudy with confusion. "That's the really puzzling thing. It was my COO who first identified this company as an opportunity. I hadn't even heard of them. Then my VP of finance checked it out and they both gave me the all clear." Then she shook her head. "It wasn't until after the deal was done that all the rotten details started coming out. It was the financial controller who first brought it to my attention but by that point it was too late."

Sloane shook his head. "This sounds fishy to me. You had your top guns review this business and come back with positive feedback, and it took a subordinate of theirs to figure out that this was a mistake? Bull."

She gave him a quizzical look. "You think this was deliberate?"

"Any possibility they're trying to sabotage your company?"

The question made her look away, obviously deep in thought. "I...really don't know."

"I suggest you look into it. Your greatest enemy may be right there on your team."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

"Son of a bitch." Sloane slammed his fist down on the desk and scowled at the private investigator. "She trusted him."

Mark Danvers, looking more like a bouncer than a P.I., shrugged as he lounged in the chair across from Sloane. "And that was what made it so easy for him. He manipulated her trust."

"But what about the VP of finance? He was in on it, too?"

"Doesn't look like it. Looks like he was intimidated by the COO who's his superior. The operations boss probably told him to leave the decision to him."

"Goddamn wimp." Sloane snorted in disgust. "I should have both of them thrown in jail."

"Now hold on a minute." Danvers put up his beefy hand. "Let's not jump the gun. I want to dig into this some more. I still haven't figured out how all of this would benefit the perp. All he's succeeded in doing is making your wife's life miserable." He tapped his fingers on the arm of the chair. "There's got to be more to it than that. What does he get out of this?"

"He probably owns shares in Rapid Films, saw it was sinking and wanted to dump it," Sloane snarled. "And he dumped it on Melanie. I'll kill the bastard."

"Not until I do what you've paid me for," Danvers drawled, looking unimpressed by Sloane's tirade. "You can commit all the murders you want after I'm done my job."

"Well, get on with it then." Sloane's fingers itched to throttle somebody and if the P.I. didn't hurry up and bring the guilty party down, he was of a mind to handle the whole situation himself. And it would not be pretty.

"All right," Danvers said, pushing his hulking frame up and out of the chair, "I'm going. But don't do anything or breathe a word to anybody until I say so."

"Got it." Sloane got up to walk the man to the door.

There, Danvers paused, turned, and gave him a piercing look. "Quest," he said, his voice cool, "not a word. Not even to your wife."

Sloane knew Danvers and how he worked and he trusted him completely. If there was one man who could get to the bottom of this, it was the one standing right in front of him. Without a word, he nodded.

***

As expected, Mark Danvers was true to his word. Within a week of their meeting he was back at Sloane's office with information and, more importantly, enough evidence to throw Trent Palmer, soon-to-be ex-COO in jail.

"Have you ever heard of a film actress called Zena Paloma?" Danvers asked.

Sloane's heart jerked in his chest. "I have. Why?"

"She was the brain behind the scam sale of that Rapid Films company." Danvers leaned forward, his eyes intense. "For some reason this woman seemed intent on sinking Parker Broadcasting, or at least leaving a huge dent when she was done. She made contact with Palmer. Told him she'd pay him two hundred grand if he'd convince the owner to buy the company. He folded like a leaf on a hot pavement."

"Greedy SOB." Sloane clenched his fists as the anger rose inside him.

"And desperate," Danvers inserted. "Somehow she found out that he was up to his ears in debts from a real estate investment gone bad. He was about to lose his house." The big man chuckled. "That gal did her homework, I tell you. She found the perfect pigeon, high enough in the company for his decision to be accepted with minimal questions, and desperate enough to grab what she had to offer."

"My God, would she go to such lengths..." Sloane's voice trailed off as his thoughts ran wild. Just how long had Zena been planning this coup?

"Hey, you know her?" Danvers regarded him through narrowed eyes. "Is there something you're not telling me, Quest?"

"Yeah, but I'm just realizing the connection." He paused again and did a quick rewind of his conversation with Zena. She'd said Melanie was her target, that the deed was already done, so all that was happening at Parker Broadcasting was her doing.

His eyes snapped back to the P.I. "When did she first make contact with Palmer?"

"Five months ago. May twenty-eight, to be exact."

Sloane sucked in his breath. "Two weeks after news of the engagement appeared in the papers. She moved damn fast." He looked at Danvers, who was regarding him with a puzzled expression. "I was in a relationship with Zena and it ended badly. But that was over ten years ago. Looks like she's the kind who can hold a grudge for a very long time."

The P.I. grunted. "You must have hurt her real bad."

"That's the crazy thing," Sloane said, still bemused. "The whole break-up was her fault."

Danvers lifted his eyebrows then he chuckled, obviously amused. "Isn't that what they all say?"

"This time it's true and that's what makes the situation so insane." Sloane shook his head. "I'm done trying to figure her out. The fact is, she saw announcements of my engagement, came up with a plan of revenge, and moved on it immediately. She attacked Melanie months before she even became my wife. How evil is that?"

In response, Danvers snorted. "The woman is a pro. Now let's teach her not to mess with the big boys."

By the time the private investigator left that afternoon they had a solid plan of action, one that would require that they now involve Melanie. So far Sloane had been shielding her from the investigation, not wanting her reaction to Palmer to tip him off in any way. Now that they had solid information she would have to be involved.

He picked up the phone and dialed her number.

***

As Sloane's executive assistant led her down the hallway toward his private suite, Melanie looked around and the memories came rushing back. Only five and a half months earlier she had walked down this hallway, intent on one thing - to secure Sloane's promise to give her a baby. It had been an audacious plan, a shocking one, but she was the one who had ended up with the greater shock when the notorious bad boy had presented her with an outrageous proposal of his own - marriage in three months.

She'd come away from the negotiations with a heck of a lot - his wedding ring and his name - but the key thing she craved was still not hers - a child to call her own.

Melanie blinked. She would not fret. A baby would come soon enough, hopefully earlier rather than later. Right now she needed to focus on the issue at hand. Sloane had said they needed to talk, not tonight at home, but before the work day ended. It was critical if they were to save her film division. That got her immediate attention and she cancelled her ad agency meeting and sped over to his office. The meeting with Sloane took priority over everything else.

Melanie was not surprised when she walked into her husband's office and he waved her over to the couch and began to pace the room. She'd come to know by now that this was how he did his best thinking.

"We've got the evidence we need," he said, "but we have to move cautiously. There's no way I want this guy to disappear before the police can slap handcuffs on him. Where's Palmer now?"

"I left him in a financial planning meeting. Those things go on for hours. He's not going anywhere for a while."

"Good. Here is what I have in mind..."

By the time Sloane finished speaking they had a plan in place, one in which Melanie would have to employ shock tactics to get Trent Palmer to confess. She was to call him into her private office and confront him with her knowledge of the scheme. Hopefully, he would become so flustered that he would quake under her questioning and divulge incriminating information about himself and his dealings with Zena, the mastermind. Unbeknownst to him, she would be recording the entire conversation.

"But what if he doesn't crack?" Melanie asked. Sloane seemed so confident that the plan would work. She, however, wasn't so sure.

"Offer him something he can't refuse," he countered. "He seems like the kind you can bait with a good carrot."

"Meaning?"

"Tell him if he comes clean you won't press charges."

"Won't press...that doesn't even make any sense. The man let that...Zena bitch...practically ruin a whole division of my company." Melanie shot Sloane a look that said he'd really messed up on that one. There was no way in hell she was going to let Trent Palmer go scot-free.

Sloane tightened his lips, nodding, as his eyes grew thoughtful. "You're right. I guess I was so intent on bringing Zena down that I lost sight of the enormity of the situation and this guy's role in it." For a moment he looked away then his eyes honed in on her. "Let Trent Palmer know that if he doesn't come clean we won't even consider a plea bargain. And trust me, his lawyer will come knocking." He folded his arms across his chest. "If he talks we can consider leniency for cooperation."

"Well, maybe." She spoke the words grudgingly but she was willing to consider that...but not for Zena. That one was going down.

Sloane put a hand on her shoulder. "Ready?" he asked, his gray eyes concerned as they skimmed her face.

She nodded. "I just want to get this over and done with so I can move on."

"I understand." His voice was heavy and Melanie could tell that although this was her problem, he really cared. "Come on, let's go."

She stared at him as he shrugged into his jacket. "You're coming with me?"

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "You thought I'd let you face this man alone?"

"But what if your presence tips him off?"

"By the time he comes into your office it will be too late for him to run anywhere. He'll have no choice but to talk."

"Or else what?" she challenged, giving him a teasing grin.

"Or else he'll have a very irate husband to answer to." Sloane gave her a playful chuck under the chin. "Now let's go before that meeting ends and he disappears."

Melanie took his hand and stood up beside Sloane and in his grasp was a firmness and strength that gave her a sudden surge of confidence.

She was a feminist in her own way - a strong, independent businesswoman - but it felt good to know that she had a man like Sloane in her life. It made fighting a battle like this one so much easier. And, for that, and the fact that she'd been blessed with a caring husband, she was truly grateful.

***

Sloane put his arm around Melanie's shoulder as she spoke, her voice clear, her eyes never wavering from the officer's face. And he was proud of her.

It had been a harrowing twenty minutes in her office, with Palmer looking like he wanted to bolt any minute, but with Sloane in the room, leaning against the door that represented his only possible exit, he had no option but to keep his plump backside in the chair and sweat through Melanie's interrogation.

Of course, he had no idea his confession was being recorded but in the end that was extraneous because Sloane was right there in the room with them, a perfect witness, listening to every word.

Palmer blamed Zena, he blamed his wife who had pressed him into a shaky investment scheme that crashed, he blamed everybody but himself.

But in the end it didn't matter who he blamed. He was guilty as sin and he would be made to pay. The only thing was, Sloane wanted to make sure he dragged Zena down with him.

In the end, he needn't have concerned himself. Once he realized there was no way out the man was more than eager to talk and he was out to protect no-one, not if blabbing his mouth meant less jail time. He told them everything, from the day Zena called him out of the blue and arranged for a lunch meeting, to the story she'd given him about the rosy prospects of her cousin's film company, to his hesitation after reviewing the paperwork, and then to his capitulation when she'd offered him the hefty cash incentive.

"You threw me under the bus, Trent." Melanie's eyes flashed as she held him with her glare and even when he bowed his head in shame she did not let up. "You were my right hand. I trusted you." Then her lips twisted in a bitter smile. "I trusted you way too much. I let you have free reign to make major decisions because I had faith in you, in your loyalty and your competency. Look where it got me."

When Palmer left the office he was a shell of the man who had walked in. But that was his problem. As soon as they saw the back of him Sloane jerked his head toward the door. "Let's head down to the station and get this reported immediately."

He didn't have to say it twice. Melanie was out the door and marching down the hallway before the words were all out, her mouth set in a determined line, her back straight. It was obvious she meant business.

And now, without so much as a tremble of the lips, she was recounting the tale to Officer Sutherland, leaving no detail out. Sloane had expected a show of emotion, possibly even tears, but the woman, his brave little wife, was handling things like she made police reports about rogue employees every day.

Still, when they finally left the station two hours later, Sloane could see that she was drained. He gathered her to him, letting her lean against him as they walked back to his car, then he bundled her into the passenger's seat and buckled her in, just like you would a little kid.

And that was what she looked like now, so different from the woman who had spent the afternoon bullying a man three times her size. Now she was fragile and vulnerable and all he wanted was for her to know that everything would be all right.

When Sloane pulled out of the parking lot the sun was beginning to set behind the hills. He looked over at Melanie but her head was back against the rest, her eyes closed. He reached over with one hand to pat her leg. "It will all work out," he said quietly. "They'll pick Zena up before she leaves the country. Even if Palmer called her right after he left your office there's no way she could have boarded an international flight and skipped town. The police alerted the airport as soon as we tipped them off."

Melanie's eyes were open now and she gave him a tired smile. "Oh, I'm not worried about that. I'm just doing an internal strategy session on how to pick up the pieces. Whatever happens to them, my film division is still in shambles."

"I've been thinking about that," Sloane said as he stroked her leg, his eyes never leaving the road, "and I want my team to do an assessment of what can be salvaged of this Rapid Films operation."

She threw him a puzzled glance. "Why?"

"I'm thinking, if it's got anything worthwhile, I can buy it from you."

She dropped her hand on top of his and pushed it off her leg. "Buy it from me?" she snapped. "Do you think I'm some damsel in distress that you have to save? I'm a business leader, Sloane, a CEO who grew her portfolio to over a billion dollars. I don't need you to rescue me."

Her reaction took him by surprise. Relief, he'd expected. Even gratitude. But anger?

"Listen, all I said was I'd have my people review the case. There's no need to get defensive."

"There's every need to get defensive. If I need your help I'll let you know." She folded her arms across her chest. "In the meanwhile, you run your business and let me run mine."

Sloane gripped the wheel with both hands and stared straight ahead.

"Fine."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

It didn't take long for Sloane to figure out why Melanie got so crabby at his suggestion. And he should have known better than to say what he did. He'd offended her when he made the offer because what businesswoman wanted to even contemplate that her husband thought she couldn't handle a problem without him having to bail her out? Without meaning to, he'd insulted her and he felt like a royal fool for doing it.

That night as they prepared for bed Sloane made an attempt to appease Melanie. Since arriving home they'd spoken little and he wanted to remedy that. If there was one thing he admired his parents for, it was that they practiced the rule of never going to bed angry. In his own marriage Sloane wanted to live up to that standard.

"Come over here," he said, patting the space on the bed beside him. "Let's talk."

For a moment she hesitated, still sporting a rebellious pout as she stared at him. But then a rueful smile softened her lips and she scooted over to cuddle up next to him.

"That's better." He kissed the top of her head then stroked his hand up and down her bare arm. "I'm sorry I came off like a chauvinist. I was only trying to help."

"I know," she said with a sigh and lifted her hand to run it over his belly. "And I'm sorry I jumped all over you like that. I just didn't want you to think I was some helpless dodo. I've dug myself out of holes before and this time won't be any different. I'll think of something."

"I'm sure you will." He held her just a little bit tighter as her fingers slid just below the waistband of his shorts. "Just remember, if you want a sounding board, I'm here."

She rubbed her face against his chest just like a little kitten. "Thanks," she said in a muffled whisper.

They were silent for a while, just enjoying the comfort of being in each other's arms, and then Melanie spoke. "You know, I've been thinking...if I can find a company to partner with, one that really understands the film business but also has a computer animation division, I just might be able to salvage this project." She sat up and in her eyes was a glimmer of excitement. "That's it. Forget about traditional movies. Animation is the way to go. Remember how Disney Studios partnered with Steve Jobs's computer animation company, Pixar? The partnership produced the first computer animated blockbuster, Toy Story. That's the way to go." Eyes wide, she stared down at Sloane. "What do you think?"

He reached out and tapped her on the forehead. "That, my dear, comes from the workings of a genius mind. I couldn't have come up with a better idea myself."

"Yeah," she said, nodding as she gazed off into space again. "Now if only I could find a company with that sort of technology readily available. I'd offer them fifty percent of profits. It would be a real partnership. We share the investment costs but we also share the rewards." She was smiling now even as she shook her head. "I'm going to have to find me a computer animation partner, a really good one like Pixar." She raised her eyebrows. "If it exists."

Sloane smiled at her but he said nothing, letting her marinate for a while in her excitement.

It must have finally hit her that he was acting really weird, just sitting there grinning like a buffoon. Her eyes narrowed. "Hey, you look like you know something I don't." Then she gasped. "You know a company that can do this. That's it, right?"

"That's right." He said then he folded his arms across his chest and stared at her, smiling, but saying nothing more.

"Well, don't just sit there," she demanded. "Spill it."

When he still didn't make a move to comply she reached over and punched him on the upper arm.

"Hey, domestic abuse." He gave her a scowl as he resorted to drama by nursing his arm even though her punch was, for him, little more than a pat. It was hard to feign suffering when you were grinning ear to ear.

"And there's more where that came from if you don't start talking." She placed both hands on his shoulders, looking like she was ready to shake him. "Which company do you know that can help me with this? Who do I call?"

"I'll tell you if you give me a kiss."

"Sloane," she wailed, "will you stop kidding around? Just tell me. Who can I call to get some talks going?"

"Me."

Melanie sat back on her haunches, clearly frustrated, and her pout returned. "Sloane, I wish you would get serious. This means a lot to me."

"I am serious. I own the company that can do this for you."

She stared at him in obvious disbelief. "Serious?"

"Very serious. I acquired Unix Computer Graphics last year and this is exactly the kind of project my engineers are looking to work on. In fact, we've been talking about the same sort of collaboration you just suggested. Been talking with Disney for months, but no go."

"So...my idea wasn't unique, was it?" Her lips curled into a wry smile.

"Well, maybe not unique, but brilliant."

"Yeah, right." She chuckled.

"Yes, it is right," he said with an emphatic nod. "Why do you think I offered to buy the company from you? Even though we haven't reviewed it yet, I was thinking of the possibilities."

That got him a frown from Melanie. "Then why didn't you say so?"

He shrugged. "I knew you would figure it out soon enough. You're a smart girl." When she scowled he corrected himself. "Sorry, a competent business leader."

"Thank you," she said with a curt nod. "So when can we talk? I want us to get started like yesterday."

"Definitely not now," he said with a groan, sliding lower in the bed. "It can wait till we get back to work tomorrow. Right now it's time to crash."

"No," she said, giving him a sly smile. "Right now it's time for your reward."

"My reward? For what?"

"For being such a great and understanding husband," she said, sliding her hand over his belly and up his chest. "For letting me work things out myself." She leaned over him and bent low to plant a kiss on the space between his pecs. "For having the solution to my problem." She slid her lips across the flat muscle and tickled his nipple with her tongue.

Sloane sucked in his breath as a jolt shot through his body. Melanie never ceased to turn him on.

As if emboldened by his reaction, she nibbled and suckled and then she slid across to the other side where she teased him until he got so hard he tented in his shorts.

And then, like a wicked witch, she tortured him even more, feathering kisses down his abs till her lips settled just above the waistband of his boxers. And there she paused, her breath tickling the hair on his lower belly, the close proximity of her lips driving him crazy.

And then to his relief, she hooked her thumbs into the garment and slowly, tantalizingly, she slid it down his hips. His manhood jutted up from his groin, aching for her touch.

Melanie, sweet Melanie, she placed her lips at its tip and covered it in soft kisses that drew tortured groans from his throat. And then she took him into her mouth and made sweet love to him with her lips, her tongue, even her tiny teeth as she gently grazed the head, sending sensuous shivers up his spine.

As if that weren't enough, she moved lower still and gave his sac her full attention, using her tongue to caress him till he moaned and reached for her, dragging her up and over his body, and then he pulled her down so he could capture her mouth in a kiss that displayed the depth of his desire.

When Sloane finally released her lips she gasped for air but he gave her little time to recover. Her nightgown went the way of his shorts, to fall in a silky white puddle on the floor. And then he was covering her body with kisses, just as she'd done to him, and when he took her, his shaft sinking in to the hilt, she was wet and warm and welcoming.

Sloane made love to Melanie with a heated urgency that was almost desperation, plunging into her till she cried out, calling his name, begging him for more.

"Don't stop," she moaned. "Oh, Sloane, please, please."

Her words were like fuel to his fire. He held her as she clung to him, driving faster, harder until she screamed his name and dug her fingernails into his shoulder.

And then he came, his body erupting as he shot his seed deep inside his dear, sweet Melanie; warm and willing Melanie; Melanie who made him explode like no other woman had before.

That night Sloane made love to his wife, not one time but three, filled with the energy of a teenager. It was like he couldn't get enough.

But Melanie was with him every step of the way. And when she finally drifted off to sleep he lay there, just holding her, thanking his lucky stars that of all the women he could have chosen as his wife, she was the one who was in his life.

***

It didn't take a day before the police advised Melanie that they had Zena in custody. She was asked to return to the station to provide additional details. Of course, Sloane went with her.

And that was when all hell broke loose.

"I didn't do anything," Zena spat as soon as Melanie and Sloane walked in the door. She was sitting at Officer Sutherland's desk but when she saw them she leaped to her feet. "He made this all up to get back at me. He's the one who should be arrested." And she launched herself at Sloane, nails bared, a crazed look in her eyes.

He was just in time to push Melanie out of harm's way and grab Zena's outstretched hands, pushing them none too gently down to her sides. She jerked wildly, trying to break free, but he twisted her around and marched her back to the officer's desk and slammed her down into the chair.

The policeman chuckled. "Well done, Mr. Quest. We could do with a man like you on the force."

Zena gave the officer a withering look. "My lawyer will have me out of here in no time," she sneered. "They have no evidence."

Sutherland seemed unimpressed by her declaration. He simply waved Sloane and Melanie over to another officer's desk, picked up his pen and gave Zena an exaggerated look of patience. "Can we continue with your statement, please?"

This time the visit to the police station only lasted an hour and Melanie was glad when she and Sloane were finally given the green light to leave.

"Was she the craziest girl you ever dated?" Melanie smiled as she walked back to the car with Sloane.

He raised his eyebrows. "I should hope so. We don't need any more of my exes coming out of the woodwork." At the car he paused and turned her to face him. "I'm sorry I put you through all this."

She shook her head. "You didn't put me through anything. Zena's the one who went haywire and that's not your fault."

"She's my ex and because of that you suffered. I feel bad-"

"Don't." She raised her hand and put her finger on his lips. "That's part of our past now. We have to move on."

He nodded. "You're right." He took her hand, looking relieved. "Let's go home."

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Good grief. Not again. Melanie felt her spirit plummet like a rock flung over into the Grand Canyon. Her period was here. Again.

She'd been married to Sloane seven months now and each month she'd waited in high anticipation of her very first missed period. But, like a curse, the damn thing kept coming, month after month, right on time like clockwork. When was she going to get pregnant?

At this point there was no hope of her giving birth while still in her thirty-fourth year. She was only five months from her thirty-fifth birthday so she'd have to settle for giving birth at thirty-five years of age...if it ever happened.

At the thought, Melanie shuddered. No, she didn't even want to contemplate it. Not being able to conceive, never fulfilling her dream of being a mother? That would be more than devastating. It would be like her worst nightmare coming true.

Call it irrational. Call it unrealistic and vain, but she didn't want to spend her whole life building business after business and then not find fulfillment in developing the other aspect her being. Maybe she was being greedy but she wanted a family, too...a family with kids running around and getting underfoot. The whole works.

She scheduled another appointment with her doctor.

"Mrs. Quest," he said as she walked in, "you're back. Didn't I see you a couple of months ago?" He glanced down at her file. "Yes, a physical and a prescription for vitamins." He looked up again as he waved her over to the chair. "So how can I help you today?"

"I'm still not pregnant," she blurted out even before her bottom touched the seat. "Doctor, it's been seven months."

Doctor Walton gave her a kindly smile. "Now, now, Mrs. Quest. Let's not be hasty. A couple isn't considered infertile until at least a year without conception. Give it some time."

"Some time?" Melanie's eyes widened in horror. "I've given it seven months, doctor. And it's been seven very active months. And nothing."

The doctor tsk-tsked and shook his head. "I still think you're being impatient-"

"Look, doctor, I'll be thirty-five soon and you and I know that fertility declines steadily after that. We have to do something before there's no hope for me."

"No hope for you." The doctor chuckled and clasped his fingers over his white-coated belly as he regarded her with amusement. "You have a flair for the dramatic, Mrs. Quest. Things are not as desperate as you make it seem."

"For me they are," she insisted. "Is there a fertility clinic you could recommend, a place where they specialize in cases such as mine?"

"I really don't think we've reached that point-"

"I have. I need help, doctor. Please. I'll do anything."

It took that urgent plea for the doctor to finally look like he was beginning to understand her desperation. The patronizing smile slid from his lips and his face grew thoughtful. "I can refer you to a clinic downtown," he said slowly, "but you know how things are here in Canada. It may take months before you actually get an appointment."

"What about the States?" she asked. "Surely they'd take me right away."

"Okay, if you want to travel all that way."

"I want to," she said quickly. "That's an insignificant price to pay to get the help I need."

Doctor Walton shrugged. "Fine. I'll have my assistant set it up at a clinic not too far from here. Boston, maybe."

"Thank you, doctor."

"But, Mrs. Sloane, you do know that your physical body may only be a part of your failure to conceive so far. Have you been under any undue stress lately?"

"No, everything's fine," she began and then she paused. How could she have forgotten? The past few months had been the most stressful of her life. There was the disastrous purchase of Rapid Films, the incident with Zena, the desperate efforts to save her film division, the long nights at the office and the endless meetings. All of that must have taken a toll.

"You're right, doctor, I have been under a lot of stress lately. But things are improving with the business." She nodded, giving greater emphasis to her words. "I've put things in place to get my business back in order. It's moving slowly but it's coming." Thanks to the partnership between Parker Broadcasting and Quest Media, the Rapid Films acquisition was working out to be a viable business with great profit potential. At least that was one burden soon to be off her shoulders.

She didn't mention her other stress, the one taking place at home. Her relationship with Sloane had been a little strained and, she had to admit, it was mostly her fault. Even though it might make sense to no-one but herself, she was racked with guilt. She couldn't help it. There were a few times as they lay in bed when Sloane had wondered out loud what it would like to be a dad. Most times his comments were in response to something she'd said about having a baby, but each time his face had taken on a dreamy look and she knew he was looking forward to a family just like she was.

And so far she hadn't been able to give it to him.

So now, as she sat in the doctor's office, she began to count the hours until they called and told her she could fly to the clinic in Boston to get specialist help.

Because if this barren spell went on for very much longer there was the frightening possibility that Sloane would want out.

***

It took a week before Melanie heard from Doctor Sutherland's office regarding the fertility clinic they'd found for her and another week before she built up the courage to tell Sloane what she was doing.

"Why don't you give it some time?" he asked. "We haven't even been married a year."

"Don't you see? I don't have time. I'm thirty-four years old."

"Which is not old," he said drily.

"For a woman who hopes to have kids, it is." She threw up her hands in frustration. Why didn't men get this? Just because they could get kids at the ripe old age of seventy it was like they couldn't understand a woman's sense of urgency. Jeez. "I have to do this, Sloane. It might be my only hope."

"If you think it's necessary I won't stop you," he said, "but I don't want you to feel pressured. I'm happy to wait and see what happens."

He said the words but she didn't believe him. She refused to believe him. She knew he wanted this as badly as she did.

And so, early the following Monday she left for Boston to meet with a consultant to discuss her case. Sloane had offered to accompany her but she'd refused his offer. There were some battles that she just had to fight on her own.

At the clinic they discussed her options then ran a series of routine tests - blood, urine, cervical smears - then gave her an appointment for the following week to do more intensive checks. It was a week after that second round of tests that she found out - to her dismay - that she had an endometrial growth that might prevent her from ever getting pregnant.

Her heart crashed against the rocks of despair. Was she never to get her deepest wish? And how could she tell Sloane?

Melanie told Sloane that same night when she got home but it was hard. It was hard when she saw the disappointment flit across his face but it was even harder when he put his arm around her and told her it was okay.

He was faking it. He had to be. He was just as devastated as she was.

But she had one last card up her sleeve. Her final option for getting pregnant. "I want to try artificial insemination," she told him. "Whatever it takes, I want to have your baby."

Instead of jumping at her idea, he looked at her calmly and spoke in a quiet voice. "I know you're stressed out right now, Mel, but let's not jump to a decision just yet. We have time-"

"No, we don't." She pulled out of his arms and glared up at him. "Don't you see I'm getting older by the minute? Can't you see it's almost too late?" Her voice rose with each word, till she was almost shrieking. "We can't wait. We have to move now." She ended on a hiccup and the tears began to flow and when he pulled her back into his arms she clung to him like she needed his strength or else she would fall.

"Hush. It's okay, honey," he soothed as he stroked her back. "We'll do it and it will be okay. You can let it all out. It's okay."

And Melanie could not speak. She could only cry, clinging to her husband as the sobs racked her body.

Because she knew if this didn't work, it would all be over.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Melanie, happy birthday to you."

Melanie's heart was in her throat as she walked into her office suite and saw a host her employees - from her executive assistant to her managers to the intern who had joined at the beginning of summer - gathered there, wide smiles on their faces.

She almost cried. They'd gone to the trouble of throwing her a surprise birthday party and it had been exactly that - a huge surprise.

Tamara had called her immediately after her site tour of her brand new studio to tell her that she was needed back in office right away. It was an emergency, she'd said, but it was so confidential that she couldn't discuss it on the phone. Heart thumping, wondering what could be so urgent and so private, Melanie hurried back as instructed and headed straight to her office. Now that she thought back, the place had seemed deserted as she rushed through but she'd been too preoccupied to worry about it.

And now she knew why. The schemers.

She sniffed as she smiled back at them, her heart filled with gratitude that they cared enough to make all this effort. And she sniffed, too, because she was suddenly overcome with another emotion, the bitter disappointment of knowing that she'd hit this major milestone with no bambino in sight.

"How old are you now?" they began to sing, and she raised her hand.

"Now that, I'm not going to reveal," she said with a laugh. "Now excuse me while I wring Tamara's neck for scaring me half to death. I thought the place was on fire." She walked over and hugged her assistant then she went around and greeted each of her well-wishers individually, teasing them with threats of more assignments as payback for having deceived her.

All in all, it was a fun and happy get-together...at least for them. They'd each brought food from home so there was an impressive array of dishes - barbecued chicken, beef stir fry, cornbread, coleslaw, potato salad and macaroni and cheese pie. Everything was delicious. When it was time for dessert they wheeled in a tray on which sat a huge slab cake. It read, "Happy thirty-fifth, boss!"

So they'd known all along. And the number staring up at her was like a knife to the heart - for her, the dreaded start of her middle years and the beginning of the end, where babies were concerned. But she was in the company of her employees so, depressed or not, she had to play cheerful.

She was the one who squealed loudest when they blindfolded her and had her smack a pinata and when the celebrations ended an hour later she was still smiling as they all filed out and headed back to their own offices and workstations.

It was only then that Melanie gave in to her true feelings. Feeling drained, she slumped into her chair and dropped her chin on her palm.

It was her thirty-fifth birthday, she would be celebrating her first wedding anniversary in one week, and all she wanted to do was bawl.

***

"Melanie, are you okay, honey?" Sloane's voice echoed through the phone line but his concern was very clear. "I tried calling you earlier but my calls didn't go through. How was your birthday?"

'Was' was right. It was almost nine o'clock at night so the birthday was almost gone. Only three hours left for it to be part of her past. "It was all right," she said, trying to sound enthusiastic but failing miserably.

"Did you get the flowers I sent you?"

"I did. They're...beautiful." That part was the truth. They'd arrived at her office early that morning and she'd taken them home with her. She was staring at them right now as they sat on top of the chest of drawers, a kaleidoscope of startlingly brilliant colors against the almond-white of the room. "Thank you."

"I wish I could have been there to celebrate with you but there was no way I could miss this conference." His tone was apologetic. "I'm the keynote speaker."

"I know and I wouldn't have you miss it just to be here on my birthday. There'll be other birthdays." She meant what she said. To be totally honest, she was glad Sloane wasn't at home to see her mope. His presence would have been an additional strain on her because, even now, she would have to be faking cheerfulness so he wouldn't feel bad for her. Being alone, at least she could sulk in peace.

"I'll make it up to you," he promised. "As soon as I get back we'll plan a getaway. Do you want to do the Caribbean again? We could try St. Kitts. I hear the diving's great in Basseterre."

"Yeah, that sounds great. We can talk about it when you get back." That didn't sound quite as enthusiastic as she'd hoped but, depressed as she was, it was the best she could do.

There was a pause on the phone line and when Sloane finally spoke his voice sounded strained. "Melanie, are you sure you're all right? You don't sound like yourself."

"I'm perfectly fine," she said, forcing into her tone as much liveliness as she could muster. "I'm just tired, that's all. It's been a long day." She gave a satisfied sigh. It was fake, of course, and only for Sloane's benefit. "So how's London, anyway? Did you get a chance to check out the city?"

"London is London," he said drily. "It's like my second home. Wonderful city, but after you've been here a few dozen times you basically know the place so well you stop getting excited . I'm more like an expat than a visitor. Quite a bit of rain here, though, and kind of chilly for August."

"Aaw, that's too bad," she sympathized. "When you get back I promise I'll warm you up real good. In fact," she said, letting a naughty inflection slip into her voice, "just think about me and you in a variety of brand new positions. That should warm you up while you're standing in front of your audience."

That made him laugh. "Bad girl. Now that you've planted the picture in my mind you know I won't be able to think of anything else."

"That's the whole idea." This time she was laughing along with him and her mirth was real.

Sadly, by the time Sloane hung up and she'd lain back down among the pillows, the sadness returned. Within minutes silent tears were sliding down her cheeks. She didn't even bother to wipe them away. She just lay there, staring through the tears at the now blurry ball of color on top of the chest of drawers.

But when the horrible lump in her throat climbed up and up until she could no longer hold it in she turned her face into the pillows, clutched them to her, and sobbed out her grief and pain.

Nothing had worked. Not sex, not the vitamins and stress pills the doctor had prescribed, not the artificial insemination. She'd done intrauterine insemination, twice, with zero success. Now she felt like there was no more hope.

And on top of her despair was the overwhelming feeling of guilt. She'd promised Sloane a baby, demanded it of him, and he'd put his trust in her and married her. And she'd failed.

It just wasn't fair. She'd wanted this so bad and worked so hard, to no avail. But mostly, she came to realize, it wasn't fair to Sloane.

Under these circumstances there was only one thing to do. She was going to give Sloane a chance at life, a chance to find someone who could give him the family he deserved.

Before Sloane got back from London, she was going to leave.

CHAPTER 19

"Honey, I'm home." Sloane had a smile on his face as he flicked on the light in the foyer and dumped his suitcase and briefcase on the floor. The flight from London had been long and dreary - that, after a delay of over two hours due to bad weather - but he was finally home.

"Melanie, where are you?" he called out as he headed for the stairs. It was late but not that late. He hadn't expected her to be in bed before ten. Then again, she'd probably had a long day at the office and decided to turn in early. When he'd called earlier that day she'd sounded distant, almost as if she didn't have time to talk. He hadn't pressed, knowing he'd probably caught her in the middle of a business meeting but now that he was home he was eager to see her, hold her, make mad love to her.

And he had every intention of holding her to her promise. Making love in all kinds of new and crazy positions? As tired as he was, he was still willing and ready to try them all.

He bounded up the stairs then strode toward the master bedroom. The door was slightly ajar and he could see that there was no light inside. Strange. Melanie usually left the bedside lamp on until he got home.

Gently, he opened the door wider and was on his way toward the bed when what he saw in the shadowy room made him freeze. The bed was still made up and there was no-one in it.

Where the hell was Melanie?

Immediately, he turned and walked back to the door where he flicked on the light. And that was when he saw the plain white sheet of paper lying in the middle of the bed.

A sudden feeling of dread fell over him in a thick, grey cloud - something was seriously wrong. He went over to the bed and picked up the paper.

"Dear Sloane, I've made a very painful decision but one which is for the best," it said. "Our relationship is just not working and it's time for me to move on. This is hard for me to say, especially since we've been through so much together, but it's better to say it now rather than continue to live a lie. I can't be with you anymore. I've found someone else..."

What the fig?

There was more but Sloane couldn't read another word. He felt like the earth was shifting under his feet. Another man? Impossible.

And the more he thought about it, the more he realized that it really was impossible. Melanie couldn't have someone else in her life. Where the hell would she have found the time?

Between her hectic schedule, running Parker Broadcasting and her constant trips to Boston in her desperate effort to conceive, there was no way she could have fit an affair in between all that. There was definitely another story, the real story, and he was going to find out what it was.

Sloane picked up the phone by the bed and dialed Melanie's cell phone number. No answer. He slammed the receiver back down.

Logically, she must have gone back to the house she owned in Westmount, her home before she'd gotten married. She hadn't sold it and he knew the caretaker was still there. That was where he would start. If she didn't want to talk to him on the phone then she'd have to talk to him face to face.

After his flight from Europe Sloane was dead tired but there was no way he was going to let this wait until morning. He jumped into his Benz and hit the highway at top speed, never easing up until he screeched into the dimly lit driveway of Melanie's old home. He hopped out of the car and ran up the steps to ring the doorbell. As the chimes echoed in the house he waited, shifting from one foot to the other, his insides wound so tight it was like they'd snap at any moment.

A whole minute passed and no-one came to the door. He rang the doorbell again and thirty seconds later he was pressing it again. And after that he pressed the button over and over and over, filling the house with incessant chimes until finally a light came on in the hallway and the door opened to reveal Melanie, her eyes looking big and bruised, her mouth defiant.

"Didn't you see my note?" She folded her arms and planted her body in the doorway. "Why are you here?"

"I'm here to take you home."

She straightened her back and glared at him. "Didn't you read what I wrote? There's no more 'us', Sloane. And I'm already home, right where I belong."

"You belong with me," he growled. "Now let me come in so we can talk about this like adults."

She sucked in her breath. "What part of 'we're over' don't you understand? There's no use talking. I've made up my mind."

"Melanie, you either get in the car now or let me in so we can talk."

"I'm done talking." As she said the words she was stepping back and pushing the door closed in his face.

Sloane was not having it. There was no way he was leaving there without his wife. He jammed his foot in the entrance just in time to stop the door from slamming shut then he planted a hand on the heavy mahogany and pushed.

Melanie stumbled back with a gasp of anger. "You can't do this," she snarled. "I don't want to talk."

"You're talking," he growled and before she could sprint away he clasped her upper arm and steered her into the living room. "Now sit and talk."

She sat but she did not talk. She sat there glaring up at him, her mouth set in a mutinous pout.

Sloane remained standing, arms folded, staring down at her. "I'll stay here all night if I have to. The quicker you start talking, the quicker we can get this over with."

She just sat there, her lips tight, and even when he still stood there watching her she would not speak. It took about three minutes of this stand-off before an agonized sigh finally escaped her lips. "I don't want to fight, Sloane. I just want to end this."

Her words sliced into him. How the hell had they gone from a happy marriage to this? "Why?"

"Because..." She dropped her eyes and twisted her hands in her lap. "Because I've found someone else."

"Don't give me that bullshit. I want the truth."

Melanie's body jerked and her eyes flew to his. She was obviously startled by his outburst but he didn't give a damn. He was done with this game.

"I want out..." she said, her voice trailing off.

"Why?" he asked again. "What did I do to make you want to leave?"

She shook her head as she stared up at him, her eyes big and bright with unshed tears. "Nothing. It's all me. I'm just no good."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Confused and frustrated, Sloane shoved his hands deep inside his pocket and expelled his breath. "What's going on in that head of yours? And why would you make up a story about some fake man in your life? Are you so desperate to get away from me?"

"I wanted a clean break," she said, her voice tearful. "I thought that would do it. If I told you the real reason you might try to make me stay." She shook her head. "But I can't, Sloane. It's not fair to you."

Sloane dropped down onto the couch beside her. "What is this real reason? Tell me."

She swallowed then drew in a deep breath. "I...can't have your baby. I'll never be able to give you an heir." She sucked in her breath on a sob. "Don't you see? It's not fair to you. You need a future. I can't give you that but someone else can."

"Melanie, Melanie, Melanie. What am I going to do with you?" Sloane shook his head. "Don't you understand? You're the best thing that ever happened to me." He reached out and cupped her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. "Baby or no baby, I want you in my life. I love you, Melanie. Don't leave me. Please."

Melanie blinked and her eyes grew wide. "You...love me?"

"Yes," he said, releasing her chin. Now that he had her full attention he just wanted her to know the truth. His truth. "I love you more than anything. More than your dream of having a baby." He reached down to take her hand in his. "When I asked you to marry me it was you I wanted, not your promise of a baby. I married you for you."

"But...you hardly even knew me."

Sloane looked down at their clasped hands as his mind wandered back to that day. It was true. He hadn't really known Melanie at all. "It's weird," he said, his speech slow even as he tried to process things himself, "but from the day I saw you back in high school I never forgot you. When you took over your father's business I saw you in the press from time to time but, even then, you were a distant dream. But when you walked into my office that day, I felt it." His hands tightened around hers and he looked at her, searching her eyes, trying to make her understand. "I didn't understand it myself but I knew it was fate. Our destiny. It was the sign I'd been waiting for all my life."

"So...you didn't marry me because of the baby?"

He laughed. "Please. I didn't need to marry you to get a child. Trust me."

"And...you still want to be with me even though I can't give you a child?"

"I want to be with you as long as I'm on this earth," he declared. "And who says we can't have a family? If you have your heart set on a child, I would be more than willing to adopt."

That brought a smile to her tear-streaked face. "You would do that? For me?"

"For both of us." He reached out and drew her close, and sighed in contentment as she laid her cheek against his chest.

"Then I'll stay with you," she whispered. "I thought if I loved you I had to let you go but now I'm so glad I don't have to."

Sloane chuckled. "Don't you worry," he said as he stroked her hair. "You're not going to get rid of me that easily. You're stuck with me for life."

And he was looking forward to spending every minute of the rest of his life with his beautiful wife.

EPILOGUE

"You did this to me." Melanie gritted her teeth and gripped Sloane's hand as the pain ripped through her body.

"Eergh," she groaned through clenched teeth.

"It's okay, honey," he soothed as he dabbed at her brow with a cool cloth. "Just push."

"Looking good, Mrs. Quest. Now bear down. We're almost there."

The doctor's voice was reassuring in its coolness and Melanie drew strength from his calm. Although the massive pressure on her lower half was a hair's breadth away from unbearable, she fought to stay calm. She was swimming in pain but it was normal. It had to be. The doctor didn't look the least bit perturbed.

And then she looked over at her husband, so strong and supportive, his furrowed brow and perspiring upper lip telling how much he was sharing her pain. But he was fighting hard not to show it. And he was there with her one hundred percent.

"I see the head," the nurse said with a hint of excitement in her voice. "Keep pushing, Mrs. Q. Help us out here."

So Melanie pushed and even as the pain tore through her, her heart soared. She was having her baby.

It had been a long time coming. Good grief, she was all of thirty-seven years old. She'd totally given up hope that this day would ever come. She'd accepted her fate and in her mind, she'd moved on.

And now this.

"One last push. Come on now. Give it all you've got."

At the doctor's order, Melanie gave Sloane's hand a bone-crushing squeeze and pushed with all her might.

"Your baby's here," the doctor announced.

"And it's a boy," the nurse said, laughing.

And then Melanie heard the most beautiful sound in the world. Her baby's very first cry. And it was a lusty howl.

"My baby," she sobbed. "My baby." When she looked up at Sloane she could hardly see him through her tears. But one thing she did make out was the wide grin on his face.

"We have a boy," he said. "I have a son." And his voice was so full of wonder that Melanie blinked to clear her eyes, the better to see his face.

And what she saw made her heart melt. Big, bold and powerful Sloane Quest - now overcome with emotion - actually had tears in his eyes.

At that moment the nurse handed her a very pink baby swaddled in a white blanket adorned with pink and green stripes, and as she looked into the face of her own special miracle baby her eyes welled up again.

"Welcome to the world, Sloane Parker Quest," she whispered as she gazed down at the tiny dark-haired bundle in her arms. "This is your mommy." She could hardly believe she was saying the word. She was finally a mom.

Smiling, Sloane reached out a hand to touch the top of the baby's head, then he turned and gave Melanie a gentle kiss on the forehead. "You have your baby at last," he said, "and as soon as the adoption papers come through we'll have our daughter, too. We are so blessed."

At his words Melanie choked up, so much that she couldn't speak. Finally, she managed a trembling whisper. "I love you."

"I love you, too," he said softly. "And thank you."

"For our son?" She looked up at him, trying to understand.

"For our family," he said, his voice vibrating with emotion.

And her heart filled with love because she knew exactly what he meant.

THE END

