TROUBLE TO THE 'NTH DEGREE.

When Maximillian Davidoff meets Silken McCullen little does he know how much trouble will follow in her wake. The woman practically gets him thrown out of an establishment he could have purchased without a thought. And then, as if that weren't bad enough, she bulldozes her way into his life and proceeds to act like she's in charge. He soon finds out that there's a whole lot of woman packed into that petite bundle.

Silken McCullen has always had a feisty streak but no matter how she tries to curb her fiery nature it's forever getting her in trouble. When she first meets Maximillian Davidoff it is under less than ideal circumstances...particularly because her temper clouds her judgment and she ends up cursing him out. It is only after she has given him a good piece of her mind that she finds out that he is innocent of her charges. Now it falls on her to track him down and apologize. But apologies come hard for Silken and, before you know it, she's in a new kind of trouble with Max...but this time it's oh, so sweet.

With Silken McCullen, trouble is always just around the corner.

CHAPTER ONE

Damn, she looks good. Max took a sip of mineral water as he stared across the room at the dark-haired beauty as she practically bounced her way to the bar. Petite and slender, she wore a white polo shirt and tennis skirt that exposed legs that were tanned and toned. She looked so full of energy that he couldn't help but smile. She'd obviously just finished a round of tennis and had been energized by it. He, on the other hand, was brand new to the sports facility in Cupertino and had just finished a work-out in the gym. He'd been lax these past few months and his return to weightlifting had left him drained.

The girl leaned against the counter and gave the bartender a wave and a smile. "Hi, Peter. The usual, please."

The man, big and burly with a bushy mustache that gave him the air of a rough woodsman, gave her a welcoming smile and a nod. "One bottle of ice-cold spring water, coming right up."

The girl hopped up onto the barstool and stuck out her hand to grab the bottle of water the bartender sent sailing along the smooth wooden surface.

"On your tab?" he asked, giving her a solicitous look.

"As usual, my man," she said with a laugh then popped the cap off the bottle and raised it to her lips.

Just then, the door to the back of the bar swung open and a gangly kid with a shock of red hair and glasses walked in. "Yow, Peter. The boss needs you in the office for a sec. I'll hold the fort till you get back."

Peter shrugged. "Not much going on out here anyway, not at this time of day." Then he tilted his chin toward the girl. "Suave's my only customer. Make sure you take care of her."

"Sure thing," the kid gushed as he hurried to position himself behind the bar. He had a twinkle in his eyes and a wide grin that told Max he was more than stricken by the beauty perched on the stool. But he looked seventeen, eighteen max, while she looked like she was in her early twenties, probably twenty-three or twenty-four. Max couldn't help but chuckle as he watched the boy approach her. Good luck with that, kid. She probably won't even give you the time of day.

To his surprise, the girl - Suave, the bartender had called her - actually engaged in animated conversation with him, not seeming the least bit perturbed that he was checking her out in his bumbling kind of way. From what he could hear of the conversation she had no problem with flattering his teenage ego. He was sure most women who looked like she did would have shooed him away at his first stuttering utterance and at the first sight of his freckle-faced grin. But not this one. She was the epitome of patience, he had to give her that much.

And then another lone customer walked in, a man Max remembered seeing in the weight room, and he plopped himself down on the stool right beside Suave. "Hey, kid, get me a beer." He jerked his head at the boy, dismissing him, and turned his attention to the girl who kept her head straight and her eyes averted, obviously disconcerted by the nearness of the man who had just arrived.

"So what's your name, honey?" he asked as he leaned toward her, so close that she jerked back. "Hey, I'm not gonna bite." The man gave an exaggerated version of a wounded look. "I'm a lover, not a fighter." Then he gave her a sugary smile. "I'm Dirk, by the way. I'm new here. Want to show me around?"

Suave's brows knitted in a frown and she shook her head. "I don't think so," she said, her voice quiet but firm, then she began to slide off her stool.

"Where're you going?" The man's hand shot out and encircled her upper arm.

She gasped. "Let go of me." She tried to pull away but his grasp must have been too strong because instead of moving farther away she ended up just inches from her tormentor.

With a grunt Max shoved back his chair and got up. Although it was technically none of his business, damned if he was going to sit there and let that jerk harass a defenseless girl.

But before he could move she took matters into her own hands, pulled back her sneakered foot and gave him a swift kick.

"Oww!" The man released her and grabbed his shin with both hands. "What did you do that for?" he shouted but by that time she was off the stool and flying across the room and out the door.

Max expelled his breath but he didn't sit back down. He stood there, staring at the frowning man until he looked around and caught Max's narrowed gaze on him. That must have made him real uncomfortable because he gave a grunt, got up off his stool and walked away, not even waiting for the beer the kid was bringing over to him.

Max tightened his lips and shook his head. No matter where you went you couldn't get away from the bozos. They were like bugs in the woodwork. You thought you had an insect-free environment until one day one of them reared his ugly head.

The kid, looking like he was still scared shitless by the burly bully, drew the mug of beer toward him, dumped it in the sink then stared at the exit through which Suave had disappeared. On his face was a forlorn, little-dog-lost look.

Feeling sorry for the kid, Max strode over and ordered a sports drink then struck up a conversation with him. It was almost funny the way the tension slid from the boy's face and soon he was busy blabbing about his surfing triumphs.

"Dude, it's like the best surfing ever." His eyes sparkled with excitement. "You've been to Waddell Creek?"

Max shook his head. "Nope. I'm pretty new to California. Just moved here from New York a month ago."

"You've gotta check it out, bro'. It's like way cool." He drew in a breath, looking like he was getting ready to give a pretty detailed spiel about the merits of Waddell Creek, when the big bartender walked back in.

"You're good to go, Red. The locker rooms ain't gonna clean themselves."

A flash of disappointment crossed his face. "Aaw. I was just going to tell this dude about the time I killed a crazy wave over at Waddell Creek."

"Yeah, yeah." Peter waved a beefy hand at him. "Now stop harassing the customer and get going."

The kid heaved a sigh then dropped the dishcloth in the sink and headed out the back. He hadn't so much as given Max a nod as a sign of courtesy at his departure. Yeah, well. Kids.

The bartender pretty much ignored Max, busying himself with tidying up behind the counter, so he turned his back to the bar and raised the last of the Gatorade to his lips. He was quaffing it down when a pretty picture caught his eye.

It was the woman, Suave, who had left just minutes earlier. She'd just burst in through the door and this time she looked hopping mad.

"You." Her dark eyes flashed with a blazing fire that hadn't been there the first time he'd seen her. "You're the jerk who goes around harassing helpless women, are you? Well, Mr. Big, Bold and Bad, let's see how you handle me for a change."

Max froze, his hand in the air, the bottle still to his lips. Then he frowned and slowly lowered his drink to the counter. The woman was staring straight at him and she was livid.

He stared at her. Had she mistaken him for her tormentor? They were both dark-haired, heavily muscled and wearing white T-shirts, but they looked nothing alike. How could she mistake him for the jerk?

"Yeah, so what've you got to say now, buster? Cat got your tongue?" Looking like she had not even one ounce of fear, the woman walked right up to him and jammed her fists on her hips.

Now this was taking things way too far. What kind of game was this woman playing, pretending like he'd done her wrong? She was either seriously nearsighted or freakin' crazy. "Listen, lady," he began. He got no further.

"No, you listen. When you feel like it makes you a man to grab a woman and manhandle her then you've crossed the line, buddy." She thrust her face forward, close enough for him to see the flecks of gold in her eyes. "Do you know I could have you charged for assault?"

"Hey, hold on there now." Peter, his face turning a dark shade of red, planted his brawny hands on the counter and scowled at Max. "Was this guy harassing you?"

"He was harassing Suave. He literally grabbed her, the brute. I saw the marks on her arm."

Harassing Suave. Grabbed her? Why was the woman referring to herself in the third person? This was getting weirder by the minute. But, weird or not, it was time to put a stop to this drama. "Lady, I don't know what the hell you're talking about. There was a guy here before, he was the one who was messing with you-"

The bartender slammed his palm down on the counter, the sound splitting the air like the crack of a whip. "You come in here and mess with one of my customers? My regular?" His nostrils flared as he sucked in his breath, the blood rising in his face. "Listen, guy, I don't know who you are or where you come from but this is a respectable establishment and we don't stand for that crap. Now you either leave right now or I throw you out. Take your pick." The big man balled his massive hands into fists like sledge hammers and began to lift the hinged counter so he could exit the bar.

As big as Max was - six feet tall and well-muscled - the man was way bigger, at least six foot three and about three hundred pounds. The burly bartender would have his ass for breakfast in any fistfight but Max was not going to turn tail and run off like some girl. He was not backing down.

Sliding off the stool, he stood up to face the giant. He might have little more than a snowball's chance in hell of winning but he wasn't going down without a heck of a fight.

The big man was in front of him now. He lifted his hands and cracked his knuckles. "You'd better apologize to the lady," he said, not even bothering to mask the threat of bodily harm.

"What the hell for? I didn't do a damn thing to her. She's mixing me up with someone else." Max swung his eyes back to the woman and now her arms were folded across her chest and her mouth was buttoned tight and mutinous. It looked like she was determined to see him go down...even though she was one hundred percent wrong.

The first time he'd seen her he'd thought she was a sweet girl but now he realized she was nothing but trouble...with a good dose of crazy thrown in.

The bartender shifted like he was ready to make a move. Max swung round to face him, ready to slam him in the gut.

"Wait." The woman inserted herself between them, forcing them to back off. "You can let him off easy this time, Peter. I don't think he'll be messing with women around here anymore."

"Now, you listen-"

"No, you listen," Peter, growled, his tone menacing. "The lady said to leave and I suggest you do that. I don't want to have to mess up that pretty face of yours."

Max scowled and his hands tightened into rock-like fists. He didn't take kindly to being threatened. And then he glanced from the man to the woman glaring at him and he saw that they were resolute. There was no convincing either of them that he wasn't the guilty party.

Fuck it. He wasn't going to stand here arguing with these two, trying to plead his case. If they didn't want to believe him, that was their problem.

His mouth twisted in a sardonic smile as he looked them over. Lucky for them he was a private person who kept his identity under wraps. But he could still mess them up. One phone call and the entire sports complex would be his, lock, stock and barrel. Then he would have the bartender's ass. And the girl? Well, she'd just have to play tennis somewhere else.

But he wouldn't go there.

Without a word Max gave them one last look, turned and sauntered out the door.

***

"You did what?" Suave's eyes grew wide as she stared at her sister.

"I went in there and told him off." Silken shrugged then plopped down on the locker room bench and began to untie her sneakers.

"But I didn't ask you to do that." Suave's voice rose sharply, as it always did when she got upset with Silken. Which was pretty often. "I told you what happened in there and I said I handled it. Didn't I?" When Silken ignored her she marched over to stand directly in front of her. "Didn't I?"

Both sneakers now off, Silken looked up. "Yeah, but we both know how you are. You probably gave the guy a pat and said," she pursed her lips in her best impression of a school marm, "'now be a good boy and don't do that again'."

Suave glared at her, her face indignant. "I did not. I was very firm. And I don't need you fighting my battles for me. You have to stop doing that."

"I'm your big sis. What do you expect?"

"Will you stop saying that? You're just one minute older than I am so that doesn't count and you know it." Suave's eyes flashed and she looked just about ready to stomp her foot, which was about as mad as she ever got.

Silken wanted to laugh but she held it in. She loved teasing her little sis about who was older and she never failed to get a rise out of her sibling. She had to stop doing this.

Yeah, maybe when they were sixty.

"I can just imagine how you embarrassed the poor man in front of everybody."

Silken sucked in her breath. "Oh, no, you didn't. You did not just start feeling sorry for the man who was sexually harassing you at the bar."

"Well, no..." The pink flush of guilt rose in Suave's cheeks. "It's just that sometimes you can be so harsh."

"Harsh? Didn't the guy deserve it?" Silken hopped up off the bench and reached out to rest her hand on Suave's arm. "You see? This is why you need me, sis. People will walk all over you if I'm not around. You're just too nice."

Suave shook her off. "I don't need you fighting for me all the time. I'm sick of it." And then she proceeded to pout and refused to say another word.

Silken stared at her then shook her head. Typical Suave. Spoiled brat.

But as they changed into street clothes Silken had to admit that if Suave was spoiled, it was her fault.

They were the offspring of a teenage mother who had asked that the State take custody and give them up for adoption. But, for some reason, it never happened. They'd grown up in the foster care system, moving from home to home, until they gained their freedom at the age of eighteen. And all those years it had been Silken who'd taken charge, beating down any bully who so much as sniffed at her little sister.

And that was who Suave was, her little sister, even if their time of arrival into the world was separated by only one minute, based on what they'd heard from their first social worker. They took her word as gospel, especially as they got older and Silken grew bigger, bolder and far more savvy about the ways of the world...and about men.

But Suave had to grow up sometime, Silken guessed. And yes, she had to start fighting her own battles. She heaved a sigh. "All right, Suave. No more getting involved in your business. Promise."

Her sister turned, her eyes full of hope. "You promise? Really?"

Silken nodded. "Yes, really." Then she gave a little grimace and muttered under her breath, "As much as it pains me."

"What did you say?" Suave came closer.

"Uh, nothing." The smile Silken gave her sister was all innocence. She bent to pick up her gym bag. "Let's get out of here before the traffic builds up."

They were pulling out of the parking lot when Silken put a hand on Suave's arm. She jerked her chin toward the gleaming silver Mercedes Benz convertible pulling out ahead of them. Top down, it left the head and shoulders of the driver clearly visible. Dark head of hair, broad shoulders and a square chin set in stern lines, there was no mistaking his identity. "There's the beast who put his hand on you," she said through clenched teeth. She was still more than pissed off by his audacity. The nerve of the guy.

"What? Where?" Suave turned the steering wheel then took her focus off the inside road for a nano-second to glance around.

"There. Ahead of us." Silken pointed in the direction of the car that was slowly turning onto the road to follow the line of vehicles ahead, all of them making their way toward the parking lot exit. "Don't you see him?"

"N...no, I don't see him." Suave peered ahead, her voice full of doubt.

"You're staring right at him," Silken said. "There, in the silver Benz up ahead."

Suave shook her head. "No, that's not him. That guy's hair is jet black. The man who bothered me had dark brown hair."

"Are you sure?" Silken frowned, a niggle of worry just beginning to creep into her mind. "That's the guy who was at the bar, wasn't it?"

"Nope." This time Suave's tone was strong and confident. "That guy had a bull neck and short, dark hair. This one's hair curls at the nape and I can tell he's a lot more handsome."

"From staring at the back of his head?"

Suave chuckled. "You'd be surprised."

Silken exhaled and sank back in her seat. Well, I'll be damned. She'd hauled off and slammed the wrong man.

She glanced over at her sister. "Uh, Suave?"

The response she got was a dramatic sigh. "Yes, I know. You cursed out that guy up ahead, didn't you?"

Silken grimaced. "How'd you guess?"

"You know what that means, don't you?"

Silken shrugged. "I'm going to hell?"

"You're going to have to apologize. We'll have to catch him and right the wrong you did."

Silken wrinkled her nose. "I'm not feelin' that right now. Let's just forget it ever happened."

"Silken McCullen, you will not back out of this. You need to take responsibility for your action." Suave gave her a look that said she planned on nagging until her sister gave in.

"All right, I'll apologize," Silken, said with a groan. "Goody Two-Shoes." The second part was muttered under her breath. Of course, Suave heard and delivered a slap that made her leg sting. "Hey, watch it," Silken grumbled. "I bruise easy."

Suave totally ignored her. "He's getting away," she said, jabbing at Silken's injured leg. "Write down his license plate number. Quick."

"Okay, okay." Silken dug around in her purse till she found a pen and a Pizza Hut receipt. "What's the number?"

When Suave told her, she scribbled it on the back of the receipt then reached over and dropped the paper in her sister's lap.

That got her a growl. "What're you giving it to me for? You're the one who needs to find him and apologize."

"Hey, you can do it for me." Silken raised her eyebrows. "You're the one who's insisting that he needs an apology so you can apologize for me. He won't know the difference."

"No, I will not apologize for you even if you chewed him out on my behalf. I've been telling you for years to stop fighting my fights. Now it's come back to bite you." Not taking her eyes off the road, she lifted the paper off her jeans-clad leg and dropped it on Silken's lap. "Now suck it up and do what you have to do."

Silken groaned but she didn't bother to argue. When Suave got like this, all holy and righteous, there was no swaying her. It was just her luck to have such a goody-goody sister. Darn.

Heaving an aggrieved sigh, Silken picked up the paper and slid it into her purse. Now, according to the decree of her royal highness, Queen Suave, she would have to hunt down a man she didn't even know - except that he had sexy dark eyes and a chiseled mouth and, yeah, even as she cursed him out she'd had time to notice all that - and she would have to apologize, even though he probably hated every bone in her body. And who could blame him?

Yes, she would apologize. It was the right thing to do. But God knew she was not looking forward to it.

CHAPTER TWO

"The track is almost at completion but we'll have to rework the stands. Safety first, of course. Don't want to put any spectators in danger."

Max tried hard not to yawn as the contractor droned on in his monotone voice. It wasn't that what he was saying wasn't important. It was the way he said it, his voice giving off a low vibrating buzz like the light back at his old college library, the same ones that used to lull him to sleep. They should hire out this guy to people who had problems falling asleep. He'd make a mint.

"And so I'm thinking we could go with wooden stands over plastic. Warmer on the behind in the cooler months and cooler in the summer. And then we could..."

The man's voice faded away again and Max found himself back at the sports complex, caught in probably the most confusing event of his life. What the hell happened yesterday? He'd been running the incident over and over in his mind and he still couldn't make head or tail of it.

So he'd gone to the sports complex to work out. It was only his third Sunday afternoon in Cupertino and he wanted to get back into his workout routine. Big mistake. At the cafe bar he'd gone from sipping mineral water and minding his own business, to observing a diminutive girl defend herself against a stocky bully, to getting chewed out by said girl who seemed to have lost all her marbles in a matter of minutes.

He still couldn't fathom how she could have mistaken him for the bully. They looked nothing alike.

He almost shook his head but then he remembered he was supposed to be listening to the man who was leading the project to build his racetrack just outside of Cupertino. He adopted a thoughtful look instead.

But his thoughts kept going back to that girl, so pleasant and unassuming at first, then so sharp and fiery, her previously dark eyes tuned amber in the heat of her impassioned rage. And her lips, no longer softened by a sweet smile, now full and pouting, looked all the more tempting...perverted as that might seem. As she scolded him...no, flayed him with her words...all he wanted to do was pull her close and silence her with a kiss. That is, after throwing her over his knee and spanking her butt for her impudence.

Now that was a fetching picture if there ever was one. Despite his resolve to display a bland facade the thought had him smiling...even as it had his crotch tightening. Jesus, Max. Lusting after a perfect stranger, a crazy one at that? You need a life.

"Do you agree?" Frank Slater gave him a pointed look, obviously fully aware by now that Max hadn't been listening.

"Just run that by me again," Max said with a grunt. "We'll hammer things out and I'll have you out of here in no time."

Slater seemed relieved at that and Max didn't mind wrapping up early.

He had a lot on his mind, not least of which was his mystery chameleon. And, for some insane reason, he had a pressing urge to see her again.

***

"Jeff's here."

Silken almost banged her head on the hood of the car as Suave yelled out to her from the office door. They really had to do something about their communication system around the auto shop. This yelling business could not continue. Jerked out of concentration by Suave's yells, one day she would put her eye out if she wasn't careful.

"Yeah, I heard you," she yelled back. "I'll be right in." She slid the oil dipstick back into its socket and grabbed a damp rag from the nearby counter, scrubbing at her hands as she loped toward the office. "I'll be back in a sec, guys," she called out to the mechanics working on the truck on the raised car lift. "Just need to have a quick chat."

"No problem, boss." Bill gave her a wave. "We'll hold the fort."

Silken had no doubt he would. He and Keith had been with her since they'd opened the shop two years earlier, fresh out of college, she with her degree in mechanical engineering and diploma in automotive repair, and Suave with her double major in finance and accounting. Although they'd grown up in Wisconsin they'd chosen California as the perfect setting for their new business and Cupertino as the ideal city - full of young professionals with fast cars and heavy pockets, the rewards of their jobs in the Silicon Valley tech industry. They'd never be short of business here.

Silken slid the glass door open and stepped into the air-conditioned office, sliding her palms down her overalls as she went. As soon as she saw Jeff's blond head, she smiled. His back was to her, his eyes glued to the television set in the corner where a basketball game was in progress. Typical male, when a game was on he was blind, deaf and dumb to the outside world.

"Hey, Jeff. How's it going?"

At her greeting he turned around and his dazed TV eyes cleared and she saw the spark of recognition. "Hey, Silk. Lookin' good, as usual."

She put a hand to her hair and gave him a simpering smile. "I bet you tell that to all the girls." Then she laughed. "Or at least to Suave. Where is she, by the way?"

"Told me she was going to get some files from the back room."

"Oh, okay." Silken dropped onto a nearby chair. "So did you find anything? Who's the man I'm going to have to humble myself to?"

Jeff chuckled. "Humble is right. You'll never believe who you cursed out."

"Who?"

"Patience." Jeff put up his hand. "Let's wait till Suave gets back. I want to see the look on both your faces."

Silken frowned. She didn't like the sound of that. It sounded like the guy was some kind of important person. Had she messed with the wrong man?

"Sorry, guys. I'm expecting a call so I just wanted to make sure I have the client's file on hand." Suave dropped the folder on top of the desk and slipped into her chair. "So what's the news, Jeff? You look like the cat who ate the canary."

"I feel like it." Jeff grinned as he looked from one to the other. "And you guys are damn lucky you have a friend in the police force who can get you critical information at the drop of a-"

"Yeah, yeah, get on with it." Silken cut him off before he could get started. Jeff loved to remind them that he was a detective on the force. You'd think he was head of the FBI, the way he carried on. She rolled her eyes but softened it with a smile. "Don't torture us, Jeff. You know we're dying to hear what you found out." The perfect words to stroke his ego.

Jeff grinned even wider. "Okay, guys. Listen up." He leaned forward in his chair and his face took on a conspiratorial look. "Have you ever heard of the Davidoff line of perfumes and skin care products?"

Suave shrugged. "Who hasn't? That's an international brand."

"And they have hair care products too, right?" Silken frowned as she tried to remember all the places she'd heard the name.

"Right you are," Jeff said, looking pleased. "So you've heard of Maximillian Davidoff?"

Silken snorted. "No. Is he the owner of the company or something?"

"I've heard of him..." Suave said, her voice trailing off. "I read an article about him once but he seems to be a very private person. They say he doesn't grant interviews."

Jeff nodded. "He stays out of the limelight. Acts like he's just an ordinary guy. No fanfare, no nothing. Rich like King Solomon although you couldn't tell it from the way he hangs."

Silken tilted her head. "So what does he have to do with the man at the complex? Does he work for this Davidoff fellow?" She'd asked the question but the sinking feeling in her stomach told her she was just fooling herself, hoping against hope, but doomed and destined for the worst case scenario. The man she'd embarrassed at the sports complex was none other than Maximillian Davidoff himself. She just knew it.

Jeff beamed. "That's the best part. You, my dear Silken, had a Maximillian Davidoff sighting. The license plate number checks out as his. Now as long as the man driving the car was the owner and not just his driver, you have the distinguished honor of cursing out one of the richest, most powerful men on the planet."

Suave gasped, her eyes wide as she stared at Silken. "Oh, my God. Do you think it's him?"

Silken stifled a groan. It was him. She could feel it in her gut and her gut was never wrong. "It's him," she said, her tone dry as wood chip. She cocked an eyebrow at her sister. "I know you're going to insist that I still go through with this apology. So, since you're my supportive sister and all...you wanna come with me?"

CHAPTER THREE

As expected, Suave's response to her request had been a big, fat no. So much for supportive sisters.

As Silken sat in her parked car outside the unassuming building that housed Davidoff's Cupertino office, Silken bit down her bottom lip. Was this really such a good idea? Maybe going in to see him to apologize would only make things worse. The man had probably forgotten all about the incident by now.

Then she expelled her breath in a long sigh. No, he hadn't. If he had, he wasn't human. She grabbed her handbag and slung it over her shoulder then slid out of the Volvo sedan. Time to face the music.

As she walked toward the low-slung building Silken couldn't help but wonder what a tycoon as big as Maximillian Davidoff was doing in a small city like Cupertino. A man of his stature should be in London or Paris, shouldn't he, or New York or Rome. What the beeswax was he doing here in Silicon Valley where she could end up running into him and getting herself in trouble? By the time she'd finished mumbling to herself she was convinced it was all his fault for moving to her town. He should have stayed in the urban centers of the world where he belonged.

By the time she got to the front door another question came to mind. Why in the world was he acting so unassuming, setting up office in a building that looked just like any other one around? Was this the Davidoff style? Understated and discreet? If Jeff hadn't dug hard they wouldn't even have been able to find the man's location. She and Suave would certainly not have been able to do it alone.

But Jeff had done as they'd asked so here she was, about to have her first face-to-face with the great man himself or, more accurately her second...but at least this time it would be an amicable meeting. She hoped.

Drawing in a deep breath, she pulled the door open and walked in. Then she stopped in surprise. The entrance and front office were practically devoid of furniture and there was no-one to be seen. The marble floor glistened under the pot lights and the lone potted plant sitting on top of the receptionist counter looked fat and green and very healthy. But outside of that, there was not a stick of furniture to be seen anywhere and not a single soul to greet her. Of course, she didn't have an appointment. It wasn't like the man would have been expecting her. But still, what kind of business could he be running in a barren place like this? For a moment she was nonplussed, just standing there in the middle of the open room, not knowing where to turn. Was Davidoff even in the building?

And then a door opened and there he was, in blue Oxford shirt and khaki slacks, looking tall and strong just like she remembered, and looking totally shocked.

One second his eyebrows raised up and the next they dropped back down in a scowl. "What are you doing here? Who are you, anyway, and how did you find me?" He shot the questions at her in rapid succession, his eyes pinning her to the spot.

Caught off guard by his sudden appearance, for a moment she was lost for words. Then she cleared her throat and turned to face him. "Uh, hi. I'm glad I caught you. I just wanted to..." Her voice trailed off and she blinked, the words suddenly stuck in her throat. She tightened her grip on the strap of her bag. Why was it always so hard for her to apologize? Pulling teeth would be easier.

He was watching her through narrowed eyes, his frown heavy like the onset of rain, but he said nothing. He was definitely not making things easier.

She swallowed. "I, uh..."

"Let me guess," he said, folding his arms across his chest, his stance wide and his back straight like he wanted to block her from taking even one more step into his domain. "You came here to apologize for being the craziest female on the planet but now that you're here you're having one of your attacks of insanity." His lips twisted in a cynical smile. "You've changed your mind," he said drily, his look cutting into her like the barbs of a wire fence.

And that pissed her off. What right did he have to speak for her? Adopting his aggressive stance she straightened her back and folded her arms across her chest. "I don't need you putting words in my mouth, thank you very much. I can speak for myself."

"Well, speak," he said, his jaw tightening as glowered at her. "I don't have all day."

Well, of all the nerve... "You know what? You're right. I've changed my mind. I really did come all the way down here to apologize but now that you've confirmed what a jerk you really are, I see I'm just wasting my time. Even if I did curse out the wrong man, you probably deserved it." She lifted her chin and looked him straight in the eyes. "Maybe even more than he did."

She could see him gritting his teeth and then his nostrils flared as he sucked in his breath. "Is that right?" His voice was soft, almost menacing, and when he uncrossed his arms and lowered them to his sides she could see the tension in the way he clenched and unclenched his fingers.

But she wasn't scared. If he'd thought she'd tuck in her tail and make a dash for the door he'd better think again. She'd come here to apologize but he'd gone and rubbed her the wrong way and now she was ready for a fight. "Yes, that's right. Jerks come in all shapes and sizes, and obviously you're one of them."

The man's face darkened and she could see from the vein throbbing at his temple that she'd touched a nerve. Whether what she'd said was true or not, she'd obviously pissed him off big time. He looked just about ready to throttle her. God, why did she have to be so perverse, forever daring to goad the devil himself? Even when it didn't make sense...

But there was just something about this man that brought out the worst in her...and she had no idea why.

She could feel a serious pout coming on and suddenly she felt the weird irony of her situation. It was just like the first grade when she'd fallen hopelessly in love with Timmy Pickett in the front row. She'd called him names and acted so mean when what she'd really wanted to do was grab him and kiss his fat cheeks till he begged her to stop.

And now it was happening all over again. Holy crap.

Except that this man's cheeks were the polar opposite of fat. And he was nowhere near as cute as Timmy Pickett. No, this man was what she would call 'craggily' handsome. Almost like James Bond.

"Want me to show you what a jerk's really like?" His voice was little more than a whisper but it was cold, so cold she felt a shiver run through her.

But, contrary creature that she was, she would not back down. "I dare you." Where his voice was cool, hers was hot and defiant.

"Sure you can handle it?" Almost imperceptibly he moved closer and before Silken knew it they were mere inches apart.

She was tempted to step back but she didn't. She wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of thinking he could scare her. She didn't have a black belt in karate for nothing.

"There is nothing you can do," she said, her voice soft and challenging, "that I can't handle."

At her words the tension in his face slid away and in its place was a look even more frightening than his rage...because it was a look of supreme confidence, made even more worrying by the wicked smile on his lips.

"Why don't we put that to the test?" His voice, deceptively soft, slid over her like liquid silver, freezing her blood in her veins. She couldn't have moved even if she'd tried.

But she didn't try. She could see the promise in his bold gaze, the daring in the twist of his lips, the desire in his intake of breath. He was going to kiss her. And, God help her, she wanted it.

Maximillian Davidoff stepped forward and, bold as you please, he reached out and cupped her chin in his hand. Then slowly, mercilessly, he drew her face to his, closer and closer, until all she could do was close her eyes tight and wait in breathless anticipation.

And then she felt it, his lips on hers, so firm and demanding, so masterful, just like she'd expected. He kissed her close-mouthed, taking his own sweet time as his lips roamed over hers, exploring, tasting, teasing. Then, inexplicably, his mouth softened, expertly caressing, seducing until, of their own accord, her lips parted on a soft sigh.

It was then that he moved in for the kill. Her guard down, her body pliant, he dropped his hands to her waist and pulled her into him, molding her h*ps to his, pressing her against his hardness.

And he was hard...like rock.

The shock of it, his manhood pressing into her belly, made her gasp. It was so forward even for her, seeing this man for the second time in her life and having that most intimate part of him branded into her, body and mind.

But then he swept all thought from her brain. Even as the arm around her waist tightened, he slid the other up her back till his big hand was cupping the back of her head and then he tilted her face, ever so gently, giving himself total access to her.

When the leather strap slipped off her shoulder and her bag slid to the floor, Silken was past caring. All she could do was cling to the broad shoulders of the man who was kissing her like she'd never been kissed before. At first he'd taken it slow, teasing her lips with soft kisses and nibbles. But now as she yielded to him, all resistance melting away, he took full control, his lips opening her to him, his tongue boldly searching, exploring then plundering, stealing her air, leaving her helpless in his arms.

Finally, when she had no more strength and lay limp in his arms, he lifted his head to gaze down at her with hooded eyes. He drew in a slow, deep breath, and she could tell he was not as unaffected as he would probably like her to believe. Still, he gave her a satisfied look and a slow, enigmatic smile. "You handled that pretty well," he said then gave a low chuckle. "Now as long as you don't go chameleon on me, we're good."

Silken frowned. Go chameleon? What the beeswax was he blabbing...oh, yeah. The mix-up with her and Suave. She dropped her eyes and bit her lip. Then she stepped back and out of his arms.

"I have something to tell you," she said, her voice coming out slightly hoarse. "I'm not who you think I am."

***

Oh God, not again. Was this woman, Suave or whatever her name was, going batty on him again? Max gave her a long, hard stare, glad she'd put some distance between them so he could have a really good look at her. Thankfully, she didn't look ready to curse him out or slap his face. For the moment, at least, she looked like she still had a grip on her fiery emotions, if not her sanity.

Finally, he spoke. "Meaning?"

She gave a little laugh and actually looked embarrassed. "Meaning, you think I'm Suave, but I'm not."

Oh, Jesus. She's losing her grip again. This was one crazy woman for sure. He certainly knew how to pick 'em. "I'm one hundred percent certain," he said slowly, not wanting to trigger her anger, "that's what they called you back at the sports complex." His eyes narrowed as he watched her. "So who do you think you are today?"

She laughed. "I'm Silken," she said, her eyes flashing with what looked like amusement. "I'm her sister." Then, as if that cleared up everything, she bent down, picked up her bag from the floor then straightened and looked back at him with a satisfied smile.

He cocked his head to one side, trying to figure her out. "Your sister, you say. So you're not Suave..." Of course, he didn't believe her but he didn't want to come right out and say it. You never knew what set these people off. He had to take it slow. "You're not the woman who chewed me out two days ago."

"Of course I am," she said with another laugh, looking like she was enjoying this little game she was playing.

"Okay." He dragged the word out. And as he watched her he folded his arms across his chest. The woman was making not a lick of sense but he'd be patient. He was sure she would come up with some sort of explanation. He could only hope it would have some semblance of reason.

"Can I..." She looked around then back at him. "Oh, I forgot. You don't have any furniture. I was going to ask if I could have a seat." Then she frowned. "What kind of a place is this, anyway? Not planning on receiving visitors?"

Max unfolded his arms and slid his hands into his pockets. He shrugged. "Just moved in. I don't even have staff yet."

That seemed to pique her curiosity. Brows raised, she tilted her face up to him. "What kind of business are you setting up here?"

He was about to say, but then he paused. She was a curious one. Right after dropping a big bag of mystery into his lap she'd moved on to a totally different topic. He shook his head. "I'll answer your questions as soon as you answer mine. If you're not Suave, who the hell are you?"

The dark-haired beauty rolled her eyes. Crazy or not, she was damn easy on the eyes. She gave an exasperated sigh. "I already told you. I'm her sister. We're twins."

"Well, I'll be damned." Things were finally beginning to make sense. "So Suave was the one the guy hit on."

She nodded. "She came out to the tennis court and told me what happened."

"And you tore back inside and blasted the man sitting at the bar," he said finishing the sentence for her. "The man who happened to be me."

She had the grace to give him a rueful smile. "Sorry."

He couldn't help but smile back. "Well, I'm glad about one thing."

"What's that?"

"You're not insane." He shook his head. "For a while there you had me convinced you'd lost more than a few screws upstairs."

"What?" She jammed a fist on her hip and gave him an indignant glare. "You thought I was crazy?" A mischievous smile tickled her lips. "Now I wonder what gave you that idea?"

"Probably when you marched in with fire in your eyes and proceeded to lambaste an innocent man." He laughed. "For a moment I thought I was in the twilight zone."

She shook her head. "I'm sorry. I really am. It's just...I tend to fly off the handle pretty quickly...especially if it has to do with my little sis. I don't let anybody take advantage of her."

"Your little sis? I thought she was your twin."

"She is, but I got here first." She lifted a hand to push a curly strand away from her face. "So anyway, she insisted that I find you and apologize, so here I am."

He gave her a crooked grin. "So this apology, it was her idea."

She shrugged. "Yeah, well. I came, didn't I?" It sounded like she was done with apologies. Apparently, once she'd said her piece, that was that. "So what's your answer to my question? What kind of business are you running here?"

Max almost smiled. The more he listened to this woman speak - and now he'd have to stop thinking of her as Suave and remind himself that she was Silken - the more intrigued he was by her. Within the space of mere minutes she had moved from defiant to crazy to seductive to apologetic. And now to demanding. He could see she wasn't going to give up till he'd given her an answer. "This is my brand new office," he said. "I'm here in Cupertino to finalize the building of a racetrack."

Silken's eyes opened wide. "Shut up. You're not serious, are you?"

Now his face broke into a smile. He couldn't help it. So he was supposed to shut up and answer her question at the same time? "I'm serious as a judge," he said. "The project is already underway. Half completed, in fact."

She frowned. "Hey, now that you mention it, I did hear something through the grapevine about some big construction taking place just outside of the Cupertino city limits. That's your project?"

"The same. I think the city could do with some NASCAR Racing."

"NASCAR," Silken repeated, her eyes full of wonder, "in my very own town?"

"You like the idea?"

She turned eager eyes on him. "Are you crazy? I love it. Cars are my life, especially fast ones."

Max almost did a double-take. So far he hadn't found a woman who got excited in the least about his latest project. Finally, here was one who seemed to share his passion. An idea came to him. He didn't even think twice before he threw it out to her. "Hey, want to come see the racetrack? I can take you there right now."

Her eyes sparkled and she gave him a toothy grin. "Take me to it."

CHAPTER FOUR

"You're going where? Silken, are you crazy? You don't even know this man." Suave's voice was so high pitched she was almost shrieking into the phone. "You get out of that car this instant, do you hear me? You've got to stop acting on impulse. You're a grown woman, Silken, not a little kid."

Silken held the phone away from her ear, looked over at Max and grinned. "My sister," she mouthed to him as the wind whipped her hair around her face. Her very able driver smiled back at her then turned his attention back to the wide-open highway as his Benz sports convertible sped past car after car. He was going at a healthy clip but she didn't mind. She could see that he was an expert driver. She had no doubt that she was in good hands.

Silken put the phone back to her ear. "It's okay, sis. I'm just going to look at the site with him and then I'll head right back. I'll even take him to the office so you can meet him and see that he's harmless." She glanced over at Max. He'd raised his eyebrows but he hadn't said a thing. Actually, she hadn't asked him first but she guessed he wouldn't mind it if she dragged him off to meet her sister. That way he'd know for sure that she had a twin and wasn't just making it up. "I'll be back soon, okay?"

There were more grumbles from Suave but eventually she calmed down enough for Silken to be able to hang up without worrying that her sister was going to have a heart attack. Suave was such a worrywart - unlike her, always quick to try something new.

Sliding the phone back into her purse, she turned to Max. "How much farther?" She had to yell to be heard over the wind whipping at their faces.

"Ten minutes and we're there," he yelled back. "Everything all right?"

"Perfect," she said and settled back in her seat to enjoy the rest of the ride.

Within minutes they were pulling into a massive parking lot, now totally empty except for Max's car that was pulling up to the entrance to a stadium that was still under construction. He swung the car into a nearby parking spot then hopped out to open the door for Silken.

"Welcome," he said with a dramatic flourish. "My latest and greatest project - NASCAR racing at its finest. Coming soon to your town."

She laughed. "Your latest but surely not your greatest. What about your Davidoff cosmetics empire? I checked you out, you know. I know who you are."

For a second his eyes narrowed and the smile on his lips hardened. Obviously, he wasn't thrilled that his identity was no secret, at least not to her. But what did he expect? She'd found him so, of course, she would also have found out who he was. She stared up at him, ready to douse him with a cold dose of reality if he questioned how she knew about him.

But he didn't. As if he realized she was no threat to him, the tight lines in his face smoothed and he relaxed visibly. "Okay," he said, the smile returning to his eyes, "you got me. It may not be my biggest project but it's the one I'm most excited about right now. Come on." He jerked his head. "Let me show you."

He held out his hand and Silken took it, surprised at how eager he seemed. One minute he was stern and suspicious, the next he was like a kid showing off his new bike.

She put her hand in his and his hand swallowed hers up, making her feel uncharacteristically fragile and small. She wasn't used to feeling like this and she wasn't sure she liked it. Silken McCullen was a 'take-charge' kind of girl who always set the pace. In the company of this man she didn't feel quite so in charge.

Before she could ponder further he'd pulled her to her feet, slammed the car door shut and was heading for the entrance with her in tow. "Hang on a sec," she said, pulling her hand from his. "I'm in high heels, remember? I can't go dashing across the gravel like you can. I'll trip and fall flat on my face."

He slowed down and gave her a wry grin. "Sorry. Forgot how challenged you females are when it comes to balance."

"Yeah, because of you men," she grumbled, giving him a mock glare. "It's because of you that we wear these things, uncomfortable though they are." She shook her head. "The things we do to look sexy."

He looked over at her. "You don't have any problem in that department. Trust me."

At his words Silken's body went tight and her breath caught in her throat. She bit her lip and looked away. It wasn't so much what he said but how he said it...like he would take her right there in the parking lot if she'd let him.

She was impulsive and she was daring, she'd be the first to admit. But she wasn't that crazy...as much as she would love to feel his lips on hers again.

"Uh, so when did you start construction?" she blurted out, desperate to divert his attention, to get him to look at anything but her.

To her relief, it worked. Raising a hand, he waved it in the direction of the massive structure. "We broke ground over eight months ago," he said, his voice tinged with pride, "long before I moved to Cupertino. I got tired of flying in from New York to check on the progress so I decided to set up a home here."

She glanced over at him. They were right inside the entrance now and he'd slowed to a halt. "But why Cupertino? Why leave New York to come all the way here?"

He shrugged. "My brother. He runs a software engineering firm here and I've been visiting for years. When I mentioned wanting to get into the auto racing business he was the one who suggested I set up shop here." He smiled. "I guess it helps that I kinda like the place."

Silken nodded. "The place is teeming with young professionals so Suave and I thought it would be the perfect place to start our business." She cocked her head to one side so she could look up at him. "Just like you."

"Great minds think alike." That was what he said, but from the look in his eyes she had a feeling it wasn't her mind he was thinking about. But then he jerked his head toward the open field ahead. "Time for the grand tour," he said and set off ahead of her.

To say that Silken was impressed was an understatement. Although not yet completed, the latest NASCAR racetrack was stunning in its colossal size. She felt like an insignificant speck of dust in the vast open space before her, a gigantic oval-shaped stadium with a tilted racetrack in the middle.

"Wow," she whispered as her eyes roamed the field, the track and the stands surrounding the racing area. "This is huge."

"Not by international standards," Max pointed out as he gazed at his handiwork. "You're looking at a capacity of about sixty thousand. Compared to Daytona and Indianapolis, this is nothing. But it's good," he said, nodding, "good enough for Cupertino."

"Good enough for me," Silken said emphatically. She wanted to be among the first to try out this new racetrack. "When will it be open for business?"

"It still needs a couple more months of work and my team is finalizing all the necessary paperwork, then we'll be good to go."

"Great. I'll be front of the line for a ticket."

"For you," he said, giving her a slow smile, "tickets will be no problem."

Despite herself, Silken blushed a rosy pink. She didn't need a mirror to tell her that. She could feel the heat rise in her face and she ducked her head, embarrassed. And all he'd done was offer her tickets. What the beeswax was wrong with her?

But she knew what was wrong and it was Max's fault. She knew it and he knew it. It was the way he said things, slow and sexy and seductive so no matter how innocent the comment, it came out like an invitation to join him in the bedroom. Damn the man.

Her skin prickling with awareness, she tore her gaze away from his and turning away, she drew in a surreptitious breath. Don't let him get under your skin, Silken. You're in control. As always.

She began to walk toward the exit. "This is really great," she said over her shoulder, "but we'd better head back now. I promised Suave that I wouldn't be long."

Max strode toward her and, with his long legs, within seconds he was by her side. "The sister I'm supposed to be meeting this afternoon, per your orders."

"Oh, yeah," she said, giving him an apologetic grin. "Sorry I didn't ask you first. I didn't think you'd mind."

"I don't mind at all," he said in a fake British accent that made her laugh.

The mood lightened, she took the hand he stretched out to her, accepting his help as they made their way along the uneven section of the pathway. As they headed back to the car, Silken had the tiniest of smiles on her lips. She liked this playful side of Maximillian Davidoff. This, she could handle...a whole lot easier than when he was being seductive.

Because, as weird as it was, she was beginning to like this man - sort of - even though she hardly even knew him. On an impulse she'd gone and arranged for him to meet her sister which meant she was a tad bit more than curious about him.

And based on his response she would say he was a tad bit curious about her, too.

This could be interesting...

***

Silken was a fast driver. No matter that all she was driving was a staid-looking Volvo sedan, she was eating up the highway, nearly leaving him in the dust. Max had driven her back to his office where she'd hopped into her car and told him to follow her. He'd thought she would be put-putting along but no such thing. This girl needed a NASCAR racetrack of her own.

Twenty minutes later they were pulling into a yard where at least half a dozen cars were parked, some with their hoods open. As Max drove further in he realized they were at an auto repair shop. She hadn't told him she needed to drop off her car but he didn't have a problem with that. He didn't mind giving her a ride to her office. Heck, he would love it. This girl was growing on him real fast.

She pulled the Volvo into an empty parking space then waved him over to park beside her. She hopped out of her car and walked over to stand by his door. "Slowpoke," she teased, grinning down at him.

He cocked an eyebrow at her. "You surprised me," he said and he meant it. "For someone driving a Volvo I definitely didn't expect you to tear up the road like that. Do you always drive that fast or were you showing off?"

"Oh, that's my sister's car," she said with a toss of her head. "I drive a Corvette but the guys were working on it this morning. And yes, I always drive that fast." Then she gave him an impudent look. "Think I can give Danica Patrick a run for her money?"

That made him laugh. "You want to test a world class NASCAR champion? You're nothing, if not ambitious."

She laughed, too. "No taxes on dreaming, right?" Then she stepped back and tilted her chin toward the tiny building with the sign that read 'Steady Auto At Your Service'. "Come on," she said. "Let's go see what Suave's up to."

He'd opened the door and was hauling himself out of the convertible when her words made him frown. He looked at the building then back at her. "This is the business you were telling me about? The one you and your sister set up?"

"Yup. So if you ever need auto service in Cupertino, you know where to come."

"An auto shop?" He looked around. "What do you know about..." he began then he stopped himself, realizing how patronizing he was sounding. That was not the kind of question to ask a woman, not in the twenty-first century. And definitely not a woman like the one standing in front of him, her face beginning to show just a hint of annoyance. "That's pretty cool," he said smoothly, taking his eyes off her to look around the yard. That was when he noticed the two men at the far end of the lot with their heads and half their bodies stuck under the hood of a Land Rover SUV. "Your staff?" he asked, more as a way of diverting her attention from his blunder than anything else.

"Yeah," she said, her face clearing. "That's Bill and Keith. They've been with us since we opened shop." She started walking toward the building, leaving him to follow. "The guys and I," she said as she led the way, "we're a team. Rain or shine, we're out here working on cars. Suave, she keeps everything else running smoothly, handling the paperwork, the advertising, client calls, that sort of thing. Me, I like to be outside in the thick of things."

That, Max could believe. Silken didn't strike him as the bookish type. She had 'tomboy' stamped all over her and that building they called their office would certainly not contain her. He could tell. Silken, a demure office flower? Not happening.

When they got to the building he held the glass door open for her and she stepped in.

"Hey, Suave," Silken called out. "I'm here and I've got a visitor."

As Max stepped in behind her he heard a rustling of papers and from behind a door at the back of the room came another Silken. The woman standing in front of them looked so much like the one with whom he'd just spent the afternoon that he blinked. No matter that he'd been told that Silken had a twin, it was still a heck of a shock. How did they even tell each other apart?

The new Silken - or rather, Suave - heaved a sigh and her face broke into a smile. "Finally. You're here. I was beginning to get worried."

"What for?" With a toss of her head Silken dismissed her sister's concern. "I'm always careful. You know that."

Suave didn't answer but the roll of her eyes told Max that Silken's statement left quite a bit of doubt on the table. Then she turned her attention to him and it was only then that he began to see the difference between the two women. The eyes had the same color and also the same shape but where Silken's eyes flashed with a bold impertinence, Suave's glance was gentle and calm and serene. There was no liquid fire in her eyes, just a friendliness that made you relax in her presence.

"Hello," she said as she shifted the papers to her left hand. "Pleased to meet you, Mr. Davidoff." She walked up to him, a soft smile on her lips, and held out her hand.

He took it and it was soft and warm in his. "Good to meet you, too, Ms..."

"McCullen. But call me Suave."

When he released her hand she turned to look at her sister. "And I hope Silken apologized for the...misunderstanding...the other day?" She glanced back at him. "She did apologize, didn't she?"

He didn't even get a chance to respond.

"Of course I did," Silken gave Suave a look of exasperation. "Don't you trust me?"

He noticed that Suave didn't answer that. Instead, she turned her attention back to him and on her face was a pained look. "We really are sorry," she said, her voice tinged with regret. "I know you must have been...terribly embarrassed and I feel so bad about it." Then she looked at Silken again and this time she gave her a stern, almost impatient look. "And please forgive Silken for her irrational behavior. The remnant of her childhood ADHD."

"Suave." Silken opened her eyes wide. "You didn't have to tell him that."

"Yes, Silken, I did. How else would he understand your impulsive actions?" Then she heaved a sigh of obvious frustration. "I'm sorry, Silky, but when is this going to stop?" She shook her head but said nothing further.

Silken answered that with a roll of her eyes as if she'd heard that story a thousand times. She didn't look the least bit perturbed by her sister's frustration.

Max had to fight to keep his face serious. These sisters were a trip and if anyone had to choose between the two it was pretty obvious which would be the sane choice. Although Silken kept harping on being the older of the two, he could see that Suave had the more mature personality. She was calm and collected and she seemed very patient, a striking contrast to the sister who had brought him here. If steady and sure was what you were looking for, Suave was it.

But, ironic though it might be, Silken's defiance was like a magnet. All this trouble with the twins must have driven him insane, but where Silken was concerned it was a long time since he'd felt this level of attraction to a woman he hardly even knew.

His thoughts were halted when Suave walked over to take Silken's hand. "I'm sorry I said that," she said, her voice soft and her look earnest. "I just wanted Mr. Davidoff to understand you and not judge you."

"I understand Silken fine." Max gave them a crooked smile. "She just needs to be taken in hand by the right person."

Just like he knew it would, that brought a flash of fire to Silken's eyes. She turned to stare up at him. "Oh, really? And who would that 'right person' be?"

Max took a step closer and looked down at her, his eyes holding hers captive.

"That 'right person'," he said, his voice cool and matter-of-fact, "would be me."

CHAPTER FIVE

Silken stifled a sigh as she watched Suave peering at the laptop screen. Her sister had been at it for almost an hour already and she was still there, scrolling through name after name and still coming up with nothing. After five more minutes Silken had had enough. "Give up, will you? You're never going to find her."

"Oh, stop grumbling over there." Suave waved her off. "I'm the one killing my eyes with this everlasting search and you don't hear me complaining."

"Well, at least let me get you a cup of tea." Silken slid off the sofa and padded across the living room.

"Thank you," Suave called after her.

"You're welcome."

In the kitchen Silken plugged in the electric kettle and pulled two cups from the cupboard. What they needed was some hot ginger tea to wake them up. It would be another long night of searching.

In another few minutes she would throw Suave off the computer and then she'd be the one scrolling through reams of records and information, trying to find their mystery woman. It was like searching for one special grain of sand on a mile-long beach. Winning the Lotto jackpot would be easier. Sometimes she didn't even know why they kept on trying. But they did, night after night.

She was on her way back to the living room, tray in hand, when she heard Suave's squeal.

"Silken, come quick. I found something."

Silken's heart leaped and she tried to hurry, but it was hard with two steaming cups of tea balanced on a tray. When she got to the room she saw that Suave had hopped up from her chair and was standing there, her eyes glued to the computer screen, flashing her hands in her excitement. "This is it, Silken. This is it." Her voice was a high-pitched squeak.

"What is it? Tell me." Silken dumped the tray on top of the piano and rushed over to peer at the computer screen. "What are you so excited about? I don't see anything."

"There. Look at it." Suave pointed at row after row of names, the font so tiny you had to squint to read them.

"What?" Silken's voice rose with frustration. She plopped down on the chair and stuck her face close to the screen. "You'd better start talking before I shake it out of you. What the hell are you seeing that I'm not seeing?"

"Don't you see?" Suave was hopping from one foot to the other now, like she was hardly able to contain her excitement. "It's right there. Our names."

And that was when Silken saw it. In tiny print, right in front of her nose, "Silken McCullen. Suave McCullen. Monday, September twenty-three, seven p.m. Live births. University of Wisconsin Hospital." Her eyes snapped from the screen to Suave's flushed face then back to the screen. "Oh, my God," she breathed, "that's us. That's really us. How the heck did you find this?"

"I don't know. I mean, I've searched this database so many times I'd given up hope. I...I..." She was stuttering now, still flashing her hands, and Silken had to reach up and grab the tail of her shirt to still her agitated movements.

"Calm down, Suave. We have to think this through." She turned her attention back to the screen. "Okay, so we finally figured out exactly where we were born. Now how do we go from here to finding the woman who gave us birth?"

***

Max took another sip of his lemonade and leaned back in the lounge chair. It was a good thing he was wearing sunglasses because the light reflecting off the shining water in the pool was near blinding. Relaxing into the shade, he shifted the cell phone to his other ear. "When is he going to be here?"

"Two weeks from today," his brother said, "and it's about time. I've been inviting that kid to come chill in California for almost two years now. What is it with London? He just can't tear himself away."

"Our kid brother's a workaholic. That's the problem."

Duke chuckled. "Good thing he loves what he does. At least he's having fun on the job."

"Yeah, who wouldn't?" Max asked, his tone sardonic. "He chose the fashion industry so he could surround himself with scores of beautiful models."

"Do I detect a note of envy?" Duke asked, ribbing Max. "I haven't seen any beautiful women on your arm lately. You've got to get with the program, big bro."

"Don't you worry about me," Max countered. "What about you? I don't see you looking like you have any significant other in your life. What's up with that?"

Duke groaned into the phone. "Too busy with the business," he said, then gave a grunt. "And too soon. I'm not ready for the dating game."

"Aw, come on. It's been almost a year since you and Amy broke up. When are you going to move on?"

Duke sighed. "After what she did to me, I don't know if I can ever trust a woman again. Lying, cheating-"

"All right, let's not go there. You found out in time to cancel the engagement before she got her claws on your money. Give thanks little brother. Things could have been worse."

"Yeah, I know." There was a pause as if Duke was deep in thought. Then he spoke again. "But it still hurts, you know?"

"Yeah, I know," Max said, his voice quiet. "Been there, done that."

There was another pause, a longer one this time, then Duke broke the silence by changing the subject. "Have you heard from Mom and Dad?"

"Yeah, they're back home in the Cayman Islands. They say the cruise was great."

Duke gave a sigh. "Oh, to be retired on an island with nothing to do but tour the world."

Max chuckled. "You'd hate it and you know it. You'd be bored out of your wits."

"Yeah, you're right. With all that time on my hands I'd be yanking my hair out, just for something to do."

Max could relate to that. "Me, I'll be working on new projects till the day I die. Can't see myself doing otherwise."

"I feel you."

Max's phone began to buzz. He glanced at the screen. "Listen, I've got to go. My project manager's calling in."

"Okay, no problem. Catch up with you later." With a click, Duke was gone.

Immediately, the second call came through. "I'm here," Max said, his voice brusque. "Talk to me."

"Mr. Davidoff, something's come up," Frank Slater said, his tone anxious, "and it's not good."

***

It took Silken and Suave four more days of research before they made any more progress in their hunt for information. "Doctor Raul Pintero," Silken said, feeling like this was almost unreal. "That's our doctor. The man who brought us into this world."

"Raul Pintero." Suave repeated the name, her voice soft and breathless. "Wow." Then she dropped her armful of laundry in the middle of the sofa and pulled up a chair beside Silken. "He's the key to this mystery, Silken. If we find him, we'll find her."

Suave's emphasis on the last word was not lost on Silken. "Our mom," she said reverently, staring unseeing at the screen in front of her. Her eyes glazed over as her thoughts played the scene in her head, the scene she'd imagined ever since she was a little girl. Their mother, seeing them for the first time since their separation, holding her arms out to them, tears in her eyes. "I'm sorry, so sorry," she would sob and it would be tears of sorrow and of joy because she would be so relieved to have them back in her life.

And they would forgive her for everything, for giving them up at birth, because there would be a good reason for her action. There had to be. And she and Suave would understand. And from that point they'd be a family again.

"Silken, are you listening?"

Suave's voice jerked her out of her reverie. "What?"

"Where is he, this Doctor Pintero? How soon can we talk to him?"

"Oh, uh, yeah." Silken blinked, half dazed. She looked at the screen again. "There's no contact information but I'm sure we can find him. We'll start at the hospital. He's probably still there."

Suave gave her a look tinged with doubt. "I don't know, Silken. Twenty-four years is a long time."

Silken shook her head. "It's not that long, not for a doctor. Lots of them work well into their seventies." She bit her lip. "Hopefully, he was a fairly young man when he delivered us."

"Yeah," Suave said, her brows creased in a tiny frown, "hopefully."

CHAPTER SIX

Almost a week and a half passed by before Max's hectic schedule slowed down enough for him to breathe. After what Slater had sprung on him that day he was lucky he hadn't suffered a stroke or worse. After investing millions in having the racetrack built, to be told they hadn't secured all the necessary licenses? That they may have to abandon the project? Jesus!

He'd had to jump in and take the matter in hand himself, even going so far as to gain audience with the California Racing Commission. His meeting paid off. Of the eight objections to the construction, five of them were resolved there and then. But they weren't out of the woods yet. Three more to go...

And in the midst of his dilemma there was one thought that never left his mind - he wanted to see Silken McCullen again.

As he sat in his office looking out the window at the highway in the distance he smiled wryly to himself, realizing how dumb he was being. The woman had made no attempt to contact him, not once since they'd parted almost three weeks earlier, even though he'd given her his card. She'd probably forgotten he even existed. But here he was like a lovesick teenager, pining over her.

Max chuckled. Pining was probably too strong a word. Thinking about her. Yeah, he'd give himself that. He'd been thinking about her these past few weeks and now that things were just barely beginning to get back to normal he definitely wanted to see her again. He picked up the phone and dialed her number.

Silken picked up on the second ring. "Steady Auto. Silken speaking."

"Hello, Silken. It's Max. How are you?"

There was a gasp, very subtle, a soft intake of breath, but he heard it...and he took it as a good sign.

"Max. It's...great to hear from you. How have you been?"

"Good. Just busy. And you? You're fine?"

"I'm fine," she said, her voice stronger now that she'd gotten over the surprise of his call. "Just trying to stay out of the heat, but hard to do when you've got cars to work on. That's why I stick my head as far under the hood as I can." She laughed, sounding more like her confident self.

"We just touched June. I can imagine how you're going to sweat when we get to July."

"Excuse me? I don't sweat, I would have you know. I perspire."

Her dramatically indignant tone made him laugh. "My apologies, ma'am. Let me make it up to you. If you can take a break from work there's a new Japanese restaurant in town I want to check out. They have an indoor waterfall, perfect for calming the spirit. Very Zen. Want to come?" Then he threw in the coup de grace. "Air conditioned, of course. Perfect, after a day of baking in the sun."

"Ooh," she moaned, "sounds good. I wonder if I can..." She paused, as if thinking. "I'm sorry," she said, the regret clear in her voice, "I don't think I can get away. We have a client picking up her car in an hour. I have to be here to make sure everything's just right."

"So your team can't get the job done without you?" he asked, amused. "No-one's indispensable, you know."

"I know," she said with a sigh, "but that's just me. The eternal perfectionist." There was another pause then she said, "Hey, I have an idea. What if I swing by your office when I'm done here, around three o'clock or so? I'll pick you up and we can have a late lunch. That is, if it fits into your schedule."

He'd planned to make it an early evening, chill and catch a ball game or two on the tube, but what the heck. Spending the evening in the company of a beautiful woman would beat that any day. Especially if that woman was Silken McCullen.

"I can make it happen. You're sure you want to drive all the way out here, though? We can do this closer to your place."

"I don't mind the drive," she assured him. "In fact, I enjoy it. I love hitting the highway. Sometimes you've gotta blow out the car a bit."

That put a frown on Max's face. "Just as long as you drive carefully," he said, his tone stern. "And no speeding."

"Yes sir, Mr. Davidoff, sir. I'll be good."

Silken's cheeky response put a smile on his lips. "So I'll see you sometime after three o'clock?"

"Three-fifteen," she said. "It won't take me long to get there."

"Make it three-thirty," he replied. "I'm in no hurry." He kept his tone casual even though he was really looking forward to seeing her. Of course, he wouldn't tell her that. He hardly even wanted to admit it to himself.

After they'd hung up Max went out into the lobby to have a word with his new receptionist. He had already hired an office manager, a marketing executive and a sales manager, all of whom would be starting in the coming week and would be hiring staff members of their own. The receptionist, though, he'd told to get started right away. He had no time to be manning phones. He had a business to establish.

He breathed a sigh of relief every time he thought of Davidoff Cosmetics, his flagship business. He had to thank his lucky stars he had a cadre of competent managers. They didn't need him getting involved in the day-to-day operations of the company. That left him free to pursue other interests, like this one.

After he'd assigned Mrs. Redman her tasks for the afternoon Max hopped into his car and headed out to the offices of Dundix and Crawford. Before they could tie things up they had to get the matter of the outstanding licenses resolved. Only then would he rest easy. Billionaire or not, sinking three hundred million into an investment only to then be forced to abandon it would be a major financial loss and a bitter pill to swallow.

Normally he would have had his deputies handle such matters but this time it was important enough for him to tackle the issue himself. When he'd launched Davidoff Cosmetics and until he'd formed a team he could trust he'd been very much a 'hands-on' CEO and now, with this new business, he planned to do the same. When it was up and running smoothly he would hand it over to the team but definitely not before.

He didn't have an appointment with Dundix and Crawford. He didn't need one. They knew how critical his situation was, so they were treating his case as a priority. They'd better, with all the money he was paying them.

But when he got there the senior partner, Carl Dundix, was not in.

"He's had to step out but he'll be back shortly," the attorney's secretary told him. "But Ms. Crawford is here. Would you like to speak with her?"

"It's okay," Max said, pulling out his iPhone. "I'll wait. I need to speak to both of them. Together."

The woman nodded and ushered him into the visitors' lounge. "Please," she said, her voice soft and her smile pleasant, "make yourself comfortable. May I get you something? Tea or coffee? Water?"

Max settled into the sofa and shook his head. "Nothing, thank you."

The woman gave him another nod and then she was gone.

As he waited Max made full use of his time, conferencing with his offices in New York, London and Sidney, making sure all his operations were running smoothly. He got so involved in his discussions that he was shocked when he glanced at the time and realized he'd been sitting in the lounge almost an hour. He frowned. Had Dundix's secretary forgotten him?

He was just leaning forward, making to get up, when she appeared at the door, smiling.

"Ah, Mr. Davidoff, you're all done. I peeped in earlier but I could see you were busy so I didn't bother to disturb you." Then her face took on a regretful look. "I'm so sorry but I called Mr. Dundix to tell him you were here but he said it would take a little while longer before he gets here. Are you sure you don't want to meet with Ms. Crawford in the meanwhile?"

Max stood up and shoved his phone into his pocket. He gave a grunt. "I guess I'll have to. But give me a second, will you? I have to make one more call."

The woman nodded and turned to go.

"Thank you, Mrs. Stockett."

The secretary glanced back at him, a quick look of surprise flashing across her face. Then she gave him a tiny smile and went on her way.

Max sighed. He hadn't planned to spend his afternoon sitting in the visitors' lounge of a law firm but he had no-one to blame but himself. He didn't have an appointment, after all. Despite that, he'd been pissed when he'd been told the man he was waiting for was still not in, a whole hour after he'd arrived. He'd taken out his annoyance on Mrs. Stockett - it wasn't what he'd said but how he'd said it - and from the tightening of the secretary's lips and the coolness that fell over her face, he could see that he'd offended her.

And, as far as he was concerned, there was no excuse for rudeness.

And that was why he'd made sure to thank her for giving him the message. As old as he was, a whole third of a century, he could never forget the lessons his mother had taught him at her knee. And being courteous at all times was one of them.

He dug the phone out of his pocket and dialed Silken's number. "I'm sorry," he said when she picked up the phone, "but I'm at my attorney's and I may not make it back to my office by three-thirty."

"Where's your lawyer's office?"

"De Anza Boulevard."

"That's on the way here. I can meet you there and then we can find a restaurant nearby. This is actually good. It's like halfway between my place and yours."

"I may be a little while."

"No problem. I'll wait. What's the name of your lawyer? Is there a sign outside?"

"It's Dundix and Crawford. You'll see the sign out front."

"Dundix and...are you talking about Carl Dundix?"

"The same. You know him?"

There was a hiss in the phone, an angry sound, and then Silken spoke again. "That snake? You're dealing with him? That scrawny little man, I could ring his neck."

Her vehemence took Max by surprise. He'd been told this law firm was the best in the Cupertino area but based on Silken's reaction it seemed Dundix and Crawford were not quite as wonderful as he'd been led to believe. "What's your beef with him?"

"If it were up to him, Suave and me, we'd have lost our business to a greedy shark who wanted that whole block for a strip mall. His client." The last two words came out in a snarl that dripped with disgust.

"That's business," Max countered. "He was hired to do a job and I guess he was doing it."

"Yeah, by employing underhanded tactics. He came over and tried to bully us to leave. The slime."

That didn't sound too good. Max placed a high value on integrity and if Silken wasn't exaggerating then it seemed there was not much of that to be had here.

"You be careful, Max," Silken said, her voice tight. "Don't let him screw you around." Then she gave a quick snort. "He's taken your money and not delivered, hasn't he? I bet he took the job halfway and you've been waiting months for him to wrap up your business."

Max grunted. "Not quite months but getting there."

"I knew it," Silken said, her voice both triumphant and angry. "He's no good for you. Take your business and run."

Max heard her but he didn't want to make any hasty decisions. He needed to dig further, figure out what she really knew about this man, but he'd let it rest for now and question her when he saw her at lunch.

"We'll talk later, all right?" he said, not wanting to prolong that discussion, at least not over the phone while he was standing right there in Dundix's office. "See you around three-thirty, then?"

"I'll be there." And before he could repeat his admonition to be careful on the road, she was gone.

In the end it was a good thing that Mrs. Stockett had encouraged Max to go ahead and meet with Ms. Crawford. After forty minutes in her office Dundix still had not shown up. Surprisingly, the absence of the senior partner seemed to have been a blessing. Without the shadow of the charismatic lead attorney hanging over her Ms. Crawford proved to be a knowledgeable and highly competent resource, particularly where licensing laws were concerned. It made Max wonder, was she the brain behind this operation? Was Dundix nothing more than a loud-talking showman?

They covered good ground in the time he spent with the lady lawyer and Max ended up not missing Dundix at all. At the end of the meeting he stood up and when he shook hands in farewell he was smiling. "You've clarified a lot, Ms. Crawford. Thank you."

As he left the office and strode back to the lobby he felt like a burden had been lifted off his shoulders. Even though his problems hadn't been solved, at least now he had a sense of direction. And now he could put his problems behind him for the moment and go out and enjoy his meal.

A tiny smile crept across his lips. Silken would be here by now, probably in the visitors' lounge waiting for him. It had been weeks since he'd last seen her and he was looking forward to spending the rest of the afternoon feasting his eyes on her fresh-faced beauty.

He was almost at the lobby now, just getting ready to turn the corner when he heard her.

"Don't you dare think you can screw him around like you've done to so many others. He's no fool so don't even try it."

What the hell? Max's brows fell and he turned the corner just in time to see Carl Dundix walking toward him, his face grim. And hot on his heels, like a feisty puppy making sure her voice was heard, was Silken.

When Dundix saw Max he came to an abrupt halt, his face reddening, and Silken almost ran into his back.

"What's going on here?" Max looked from one face, red with what must be embarrassment to the other, flushed with obvious anger.

Dundix said nothing but Silken stepped around him and planted herself right in front of Max. "I know this man and what he's capable of," she huffed, her eyes flashing with fire, "and I warned him not to try it with you." She turned to glare at the small-bodied man who'd now gone from flushed to pale, still saying nothing in his own defense. "He knows he can bully the little guys like me and Suave but with you, he'd better watch out. You can crush him like a bug-"

At that point Max reached out and grasped her upper arm and steered her toward the door. "Excuse us," was all he said to the man still standing stock-still in the lobby. Then he marched his bristling captive out the door.

When they got outside he did not release her but kept walking, ignoring her struggles, until they were at the far end of the parking lot, partially hidden by his car. Once they were protected by this relative seclusion he let her go.

Now Silken turned her glare on him. "What did you do that for? Dundix deserved everything I said to him and more."

Max took a step toward her, stopping mere inches from where she stood, her chest still heaving with rage. His brows fell and he fixed a dark scowl on her. "Don't you ever do that again," he said through clenched teeth, fighting to maintain a hold on his anger.

She scowled back. "Do what? I was only defending-"

"I don't need you fighting my battles for me," he said, cutting her off. "I'm a grown man, Silken. I can speak for myself."

"But-"

"No 'buts'. Whatever your beef with Dundix, what you did inside there was uncalled for and it was rude." He slapped his forehead with his palm. "God, where do you get off thinking you can do things like that?"

"I'm...sorry," she said, looking half shocked, half confused at his reprimand. "It's just that I know that man and he's nothing but a low-down snake."

"Yes, you've said that before," he said, shaking his head. Then he gave her a heavy sigh. "I appreciate the warning but let me handle my own business, okay? All you succeeded in doing just now was embarrass yourself and Dundix and me. Happy?"

"I...I didn't think..." Her eyes grew wide as she stared up at him and her brows lifted in a look of concern and regret.

"You're damn right, you didn't," he said, his voice full of reproach. "If you had, I wouldn't be in this predicament now. I practically had to throw myself out of their office." Then he snorted. "And worst of all, it was goddamn humiliating having a woman come in to defend me. Where do you come off doing shit like that?"

Silken looked mortified, her eyes big as saucers as he spat the words out. "I'm sorry," she said finally, her voice a pained whisper. "I didn't mean to embarrass you. I just got carried away..."

She dropped her gaze and ducked her head like she was trying to hide her emotions. But too late. He'd seen the stricken look in her eyes, the shame in her face, and the remorse. And he'd seen the way her bottom lip - so soft and full and tempting - trembled in her contrition.

Feeling like he needed to comfort her, wanting so badly to soothe her, he reached out to stroke her lip with his thumb.

That seemed to have the desired effect because she grew still and lifted her eyes to his, and in them he could see the conflict - the uncertainty and the desire.

Max knew he was taking advantage of her moment of vulnerability but he had to taste those lips again. His hand slid down to cup her chin and he lowered his face to hers then he was pulling her close, so close that they were only a breath apart. Then he touched his lips to hers, gently at first, giving her time to relax and give in to his demand. As he felt her acquiescence his kiss became more insistent and he pressed her softness against him, molding her body into his.

God, she felt good...and tasted even better. Sliding his fingers into her hair he tilted her head so that he had full control and soon she was gasping in his arms.

She clung to him and when he lifted his head - eventually - she moaned, eyes closed tight, lips soft and slightly swollen from his kiss.

"Silken," he whispered.

She blinked then, slowly, her deep brown eyes focused on his. "Yes?" she said softly.

"I think we'd better get out of this parking lot," he said with a chuckle, "before they tell us to go get a room." He lifted his eyes and threw a glance toward the side entrance where two people, probably staff members, had paused to stare at them still locked in each other's arms.

To Max's surprise Silken did not pull away. She'd seen the spectators but instead of breaking his hold, she lifted her face and gave him a peck on the cheek.

Confused, Max gave her a smiling frown. "What was that for?"

"Thank you," she said, her dark eyes glinting with renewed impishness.

"For the kiss?" He lifted an eyebrow. He couldn't remember ever being thanked for a kiss, at least not in words.

She shook her head. "For reining me in. Sometimes I can be such a hothead. I needed that."

If her kiss had bewildered him then her admission surprised him even more. It took a special woman to admit...so willingly...that she'd been wrong - and he admired her for that.

He bent his head to give her a quick kiss on the forehead. "Come on," he said with a smile that told her all was well. "Let's go have some lunch."

CHAPTER SEVEN

"Get your little butt in there." Silken gave her sister a shove toward her bedroom closet. "Pick out a nice little outfit and let's get going."

"I told you, I'm not going." Suave planted her feet firmly on the carpeted floor and folded her arms. "This is your date, not mine."

Silken let out her breath in an exasperated sigh. "For the eleventeenth time I told you, it's not a date. Max is having his brothers over for dinner and he said it would be great if I could come and you, too."

"Right." Suave's tone dripped with sarcasm. "He invited you and then you went and tacked me onto your invitation, didn't you?"

Silken looked away then walked over to the closet and began rifling through Suave's clothes.

"Didn't you?"

God, why couldn't Suave just let it go? "Well...not exactly." Silken's voice grew muffled when she stuck her head farther into the closet, hoping that Suave would just let it drop. But she knew Suave, and that wasn't going to happen.

"So what exactly did you say?" There was that bulldog tone again. Once Suave had chomped down, she was going to thrash and wrestle until Silken gave in from sheer exhaustion.

Realizing she might as well come clean and save herself the inevitable fight, Silken withdrew from the closet and went over to the bed where she plopped down. "I said," she bobbed her legs up and down, not looking at Suave, "I'll come meet your brothers if my little sis can come, too."

Suave gave her a look of horror. "You did not say that." At Silken's nod she began to sputter. "That sounds so...juvenile. What are we, in kindergarten?" She clenched and unclenched her fists then swung her arms, looking for all the world like she didn't know what to do with herself. Then she shook her head and heaved the mightiest of sighs, like she'd finally realized the futility of trying to reform her sister.

"You're going on a date, Silken," she said slowly, carefully, as if speaking to a toddler. "You don't bring your sister along on a date."

For a long while Silken just sat there, staring at Suave. Finally, she gave a hrumph and hopped off the bed. "Fine. If you're not going then I'm not going either. I'll call Max and tell him right now." Holding her head straight, not giving Suave another glance, she flounced past her and out of the room.

Suave gasped then ran after her. "Silken, are you crazy? You can't cancel your date because of me. You have to go."

Silken stopped and turned then she shrugged. "No, I don't. I'll just tell Max something came up," then her eyes narrowed, "or that I have to stay home with my sister."

Suave narrowed her eyes back at Silken. "Then he'd hate me for ruining his plan. You wouldn't."

"I would."

Suave began to pout then her shoulders slumped and she expelled her breath in a soft whoosh, a sure sign that she was accepting defeat. Smart girl.

"All right," she said. "I'll go with you," she stuck a finger in Silken's face, "but we're going in separate cars. When I'm ready to leave, I'm leaving. You're not going to have me stuck there till all hours of the night when I want to get to bed."

"Fine." Silken turned and set off toward her own room. She didn't want Suave to see her triumphant grin. "Wear the black dress with the bow at the back. You look cute in that."

That got her another hrumph from Suave but it didn't matter. She'd already won this battle. Suave, the consummate homebody, would not be home alone - at least not tonight.

***

When Silken pulled into the driveway of Max's home, Suave's car was nowhere to be seen. No surprise there. Her sister, ever the careful one, was probably plodding along the highway well within the speed limit. Silken, on the other hand, never drove at less than ten miles above. Anything less and she felt like she was driving backwards. Settling deeper into her seat she leaned back to wait. It would be another five, maybe six minutes before she'd see the Volvo pull up beside her. But no worries. They were early so she'd pass the time catching up on some good music on KISS FM.

But when she flipped on the music Silken did not hear a single note. Instead, her mind flashed to Max. So much had happened between them in the last two weeks, since that day they'd gone out to lunch.

It had taken a while to get over the humiliation of his reprimand but eventually she'd relaxed enough to actually enjoy the afternoon at Shiraito Restaurant. After a meal of Sushi, Miso Soup and Teriyaki Chicken they lingered over coffee and dessert and soon she found herself so caught up in the conversation that she was shocked when he tapped his watch.

"Time to get you home," he said, "before your sister sends out the troops."

That was when she checked the time on her cell phone and realized that it was almost eight o'clock. She couldn't believe they'd been sitting in the restaurant for almost four hours. And not just sitting. Talking.

Who could have known that Maximillian Davidoff would be such a funny, down-to-earth kind of guy? There was not an ounce of snob about him, no matter that he was the richest man she'd ever had lunch with. And he was rich, no doubt about that. The owner of Davidoff Cosmetics would be worth billions. But just looking at him, lounging in his chair across from her, you'd never tell.

Which brought her to her next question. Why had he asked her out? And he'd even gone and kissed her. Her. The woman who had embarrassed him in public, not once but twice.

As she sat in the car waiting for Suave she shook her head, still baffled by what must be the mystery of the ages...at least as far as her life was concerned. Because why would a man like him be interested in a woman like her?

And he was interested. There was no doubt in her mind about that. A man who'd been acting like he had these past couple of weeks - calls every few days, lengthy conversations over the phone, one of which had lasted almost an hour, and now this - an invitation to his house to meet his brothers.

She'd been blown away but she'd acted calmly and demurely accepted his invitation. Suave would have been so proud.

The lights of the Volvo flashed in her rear-view mirror and she blinked, suddenly realizing she'd just spent all her wait time daydreaming about Max. She would have laughed if it wasn't just a little bit scary. Was she going soft on Max? She shook her head, knocking the thought loose and dashing it out of her head, then she got out of the car and waved Suave over. She wasn't going to think about any of that, not tonight. Tonight she would get to know his family and just have fun.

When Silken and Suave walked in, Max introduced them to Duke, the brother who followed him, the one who had encouraged him to set up his latest business in Cupertino. He was tall, almost as tall as Max, with the same jet-black hair, square chin and long nose.

"So these are the twins," he said, looking from one to the other. "Now let me see if I can figure out who's who." He wrinkled his brows and tilted his head. "Based on what I've heard, Silken is the impulsive, saucy one. I can see the fire in your eyes. That's got to be you." He nodded his head toward Silken. Then he turned to Suave and his lips widened in a smile. "And you must be Suave, as serene and silky-smooth as your name."

Ooh, he's a charmer, this one. Silken let her glance slide away from his face and across to her sister who had turned a softly glowing shade of pink. Oh, beeswax. Now he's gone and embarrassed Suave. Silken could only pray that she wouldn't get cold feet and decide to take flight.

"Great job," she said with a laugh, trying to defuse the tension of the moment. "It usually takes people at least a few hours before they can figure us out, maybe even days." Then she shook her head. "But don't listen to Max. I'm not saucy..." she paused when Max gave her a pointed look, "...at least not all the time."

Duke laughed. "Don't worry about it. Hey, it's good that the two of you are different. At least this way we can tell you apart."

"Come on, let's head over to the den," Max said, breaking in. "We can chill there until Reed gets here."

It was after they'd settled down with mineral water and Martinis that Silken saw Suave begin to relax. Earlier she'd seemed so tense while Duke's attention had been on her but now she looked comfortable, laughing at his jokes and even sitting next to him when he patted the seat beside him. Silken breathed a whispering sigh of relief. It looked like the evening was going to go well after all.

Duke was deep in animated conversation, telling them about his work in the field of computer technology, when Reed arrived. "Hi, everyone," he said, bouncing into the room. "Sorry I'm late but I thought the runway show would have ended earlier."

"And, of course, your big brothers aren't worth missing a fashion show." Max's tone was dry but the grin on his lips said he didn't care a hoot that Reed had shown up late. He was just glad to see his brother.

Reed was the total opposite of his brothers. Where they were over six feet and dark-haired with craggy features he couldn't have been taller than five ten or eleven with brown hair and laughing blue eyes. And he was young, probably no older than twenty-five. "You're the famous twins I've been hearing about." He came over and shook both their hands then stood back to regard them with fascination. "You guys look so much alike, it's creepy."

That wasn't the part of his speech that caught Silken's attention. "Famous twins? We're not famous."

"According to Max, you are. He said you're known about town as the best auto repair operation in all of Cupertino." Reed nodded as he glanced over at Max. "He's been asking around."

Silken looked at Max, her eyebrows slightly raised. He'd been asking around? Now what was that all about? But she'd have to tackle him on that another day. Right now Max's face was giving nothing away.

"Grab a seat and tell the ladies all about your lovely life in London." Max jerked his head toward the empty La-Z-Boy. "They already know all there is to know about me and Duke."

A deliberate attempt to change the subject. Silken turned and gave Max a look of suspicion but he totally ignored her, keeping his eyes trained on his brother. She knew he could feel her eyes on him but he wasn't taking the bait. Okay, no problem. He could duck out now but he couldn't avoid her forever. She would tackle him on this soon enough.

Silken soon forgot about Max and his questions because Reed ended up being the most entertaining of all the brothers. When he told them about his work in Europe, the clothing lines he'd launched, his work with runway models from all over the world, and his recent launch of a jewelry line, his eyes sparkled with such life that there could be no doubt that he thoroughly enjoyed what he was doing.

"So you'll do a similar launch here in the United States?" Suave asked, looking intrigued.

"Of course." Reed leaned back in the chair, looking satisfied that he had an interested audience. "Whatever I do in Europe, I duplicate in New York, Miami and Las Vegas. I have staff here on the ground to execute all my plans."

"But you wouldn't move back to the States," Silken asked, "to live here and grow your business?"

Reed faltered, seeming taking aback by her question, and his eyes shifted to Duke and then to Max.

That was when Silken realized that she'd touched on a sensitive subject. Darn! She was so gifted at putting her foot in it.

"Well, no," he said and for a second he looked away. "I'm happy in London. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else." Then he gave Max a pointed look. Obviously, the answer was not meant for Silken alone.

"Well, I'm starving," Duke said, stretching then rising to his feet. "You're just going to have us in here all evening, blabbing?" He frowned at Max. "Where's the chow?"

The serious look on Max's face cleared and he laughed. "Hold your horses. Don't they feed you where you come from? You have a cook at your house, right?"

"Yeah," he said, rubbing his belly, "but that was hours ago. Now lead me to the food before I start chomping on the furniture."

They all laughed and followed Max into the dining room where the huge table had been laid out with a spread fit for royalty. There were so many kinds of food there that Silken didn't know how they could possibly get through all that. She looked across at Suave but her sister's attention was fully occupied as she thanked Duke and slid onto the chair he'd pulled out for her.

The rest of the evening was just as relaxed as it had started, with them enjoying the meal that Max's private chef had prepared. To Silken's surprise, it was Suave who seemed to have enjoyed the evening most. Under the light banter and teasing of the men her usually polite reserve disappeared and soon she was giving as good as she got, ribbing them for their gluttony - they'd made short work of the feast the chef had prepared - and laughing at their jokes, even the slightly risque ones.

When the grandfather clock in the hallway chimed nine, Suave lifted her face and on it was a look of regret. "Goodness, is it that late already?" She looked over at her host sitting at the head of the table and then at the other men. "I'm sorry, but it's my bedtime. I have to go now."

"Oh, so soon?" Duke gave her a mock pout.

"Yeah, it's not like it's midnight." Reed's look was one of disbelief.

"Sorry, guys. I need my eight hours or I'm no use to myself." She looked over at Silken. "I'll go on ahead of you, okay?"

"Sure, sis," Silken said with a shrug. It was usually like this. Suave was the early-to-bed, early-to-rise person while she was the night owl. "I'll catch up with you later."

The men, all three of them, got up and walked Suave to the door while Silken stayed at the table, surveying the damage wrought on the previously food-filled table. Max certainly knew what he was doing when he had his chef prepare all this food. There was hardly anything left. Where the heck had the men put all that?

When they returned to the dining room, Silken got another surprise.

"I guess I'd better follow Suave's example," Duke said, "and make it an early night. Good night, Silken."

She frowned. "You're leaving?"

He nodded. "I'm afraid so. It was nice meeting you." He stuck out his hand to her for a goodbye shake.

Then Reed came over and put out his hand, too. "It was a pleasure meeting you, Silken. Both of you."

She frowned again and she did not take his hand. "You're leaving, too?"

"Yeah," he said with a shrug, "I'm going to hook up with an old school buddy who lives in Palo Alto. We'll probably hang out a couple of hours then I'll head back."

"Well, okay," she said, slightly confused, wondering if she'd done something to make both Duke and Reed go running. Her mind did a two-second rewind of the evening but she couldn't think of anything...well, except for that blunder with Reed and London, but they'd forgotten all about that. Or maybe they hadn't...

She walked to the door with Duke and Reed where they each gave her a hug. "It was really good meeting you," Reed said, "and I'm not just saying that."

"I second that." Duke grinned at her.

Silken felt herself glow with pleasure at their words. They really were nice. She hoped one day she'd get the chance to meet them again.

CHAPTER EIGHT

After they'd left Silken closed the door and turned to head back to find Max. Maybe it was time for her to leave, too. She wasn't the least bit tired and she'd wanted the evening to go on and on but everyone had left except her. She certainly didn't want to overstay her welcome.

She went back to the dining room but Max was not there. The living room was empty and so was the library he'd shown them when they'd just arrived. The only other place she'd been in his house was the den so she headed off to look for him there. Why he'd thrown this disappearing act, she had no idea.

"Max? Are you in here?" She rounded the corner and walked into the room and there he was, lounging in the middle of the sofa, and on the glass table beside him was a bucket filled with ice, a bottle of champagne nestled in it.

She stopped in the middle of the room and narrowed her eyes at him. "What are you doing?"

He smiled, and it was a seductive smile, and he patted the seat beside him. "What does it look like I'm doing?" he asked. "I'm getting ready to seduce you."

And that was how she knew that the sudden departure of Duke and Reed had nothing to do with her. It was Max who had set it all up.

She lowered her brows. "You told them to leave, didn't you? You planned this."

He shrugged. "Not exactly. When Suave decided to make it an early night I just took advantage of the situation."

"And asked your brothers to leave, too." It was a statement, not a question.

"Yeah. I had enough of them for one night. I'd much rather spend the rest of the evening with you. Alone."

The way he said the last word, almost on a whisper, made a thrill run up Silken's spine. Her mouth went dry.

But she had to fight it, this desire for Maximillian Davidoff. This was all a fantasy that was going nowhere. It would end badly and she was the one who would get hurt.

"And what if I don't want to spend the evening with you," she parried, "alone?"

Max smiled at that and it was a confident smile.

Silken hated that. Was it so obvious to him that she wanted him?

"Stop being stubborn," he said, his voice both amused and slightly stern at the same time. "Come over and sit beside me."

Silken stood right where she was and instead of going over to him she folded her arms across her chest and glared down at him. Oh, so he was playing the manly man, was he, expecting her to jump at his bidding because he wanted her? Not happening.

"Don't make me come and get you," he said and although he was smiling the set of his jaw told her he was just as determined as she was.

She lifted her eyebrows. "Come and get me," she said, "if you dare."

Now it was his turn to lift his eyebrows. "Another dare. You like to issue those out, don't you?"

She gave him a crooked smile but said nothing. He could come all he wanted, come as close as he dared, but if he so much as touched her she had the perfect trick up her sleeve. She'd learned a special karate hold that she'd used to immobilize more than one man who thought he could take her on her dare. And she wasn't afraid to use it on Max.

She wouldn't hurt him, of course, just teach him a lesson, one that he would never forget - never underestimate a woman, any woman, and especially not Silken McCullen.

With a sigh that sounded like exasperation, Max rested his palms on the couch and pushed himself up then casually walked across the room toward her. "You just want me to come to you, don't you?" he asked, shaking his head and giving her an indulgent smile. "Why do you always have to be so contrary?"

Then he was right in front of her, smiling down at her, his dark eyes glinting in the subdued light of the lamp. "Are you going to come sit with me? I'm asking nicely."

Too nicely. Silken almost frowned. He'd issued a pseudo-threat so why didn't he act on it? She didn't want nice, she wanted daring so she could teach him a lesson. But she couldn't touch him unless he touched her first.

"Would you like me to walk you over?" He lifted his hand, palm upward, waiting for her to put her hand in his.

Dang. That wouldn't do at all. If he'd only just put a hand on her, somewhere, rest it on her shoulder, maybe, then she could grab his wrist, twist him around and have him in a chokehold that would have him passing out in seconds.

Okay, so maybe she was a show-off just dying for the chance to show him what she could do. He could at least oblige, dang it.

But he didn't. Somehow, in some way unknown to her, he must have known what she was planning, sensed it, because his hands stayed there, so close, but never touching, waiting for her to yield.

And how could she slam a man who was being polite? She had underestimated Maximillian Davidoff. This man was like none she had ever met.

Her shoulders sagged then she let out a sigh of defeat...and she lifted her hand to rest her palm on his. When she lifted her eyes to his she saw the flash of triumph and the amused twist of his lips.

"There's more than one way," he whispered, "to win a battle."

And then, before she could reply, he'd wrapped his fingers around hers and was walking her back to the sofa.

After settling her in the chair, Max popped the cork and poured a glass of champagne, only one, then held it to her lips. "Sip," he ordered, and with the glass practically touching her mouth she had no choice. She sipped.

The bubbles burst in her mouth, startling her although she'd expected it, and she blinked. "What..." she said on a gasp, "what are we celebrating?"

Max smiled then he took a sip himself, from her glass...their glass. "Possibilities," he said, never taking his eyes off hers. Then, still holding her mesmerized with his dark-eyed gaze, he reached his hand behind him to rest the bubbling glass on the table.

His hand now free, he lifted it to put a finger under her chin, ensuring that she could not look away. "Do you know the possibilities of which I speak?" he asked in an uber-formal voice with an amusing attempt at a European accent.

Still staring back at him, she shook her head, but only slightly. She couldn't move much, not with his finger holding her chin captive. "No," she whispered then licked her lips, a nervous response to his nearness.

As if he sensed her fear he moved even closer, his lips mere inches from hers. "Us," he said softly then moved his lips closer still. "Kiss me."

Silken's eyes widened and she drew in a surprised breath. She was expecting his kiss, she wanted it, but why didn't he kiss her? She didn't want to be the one to make the move.

But he was waiting. And it wasn't like she hadn't done this before. So she closed her eyes, pursed her lips and pressed them to his.

It looked like that was all he'd needed, just an indication that she wanted this. As soon as their lips touched, his arms came up to draw her close and then he was kissing her with such passion that she knew he'd been wanting to do this all evening.

And she'd wanted it too, so badly. As they kissed she slid her hands up but this time she did not cling to him helplessly. This time she steadied herself with one hand then boldly slid the other inside the V of his shirt, her hand gliding over the smooth skin of his broad chest.

And then she found it, the flat nipple, which she began to stroke until it grew into a hard nub beneath her fingers.

Max groaned but she did not let up. As his kiss deepened she stepped up her assault on his senses, pinching the nipple, her gentle torture making him gasp against her lips.

But she knew it was a torture so sweet that he would only want more. Pulling her lips away from his, she lowered her head to his chest, loosening button after button as she did so until he was beautifully bare to her gaze.

Then her lips found that suffering nipple. She covered it with the softness of her lips then stroked it with the tip of her tongue, flicking and teasing until Max groaned and lay back against the arm of the sofa, giving her full access to his body.

She accepted his invitation. Tilting with him, she never let go of that nipple, but when he writhed and moaned she gave him some ease and moved her lips over to the other nipple where she administered similar treatment.

"God, Silken, you know how to drive a man crazy." His voice, soft and hoarse, was music to her ears.

He'd thought he was the one in charge, getting her to sit with him on the sofa, ordering her to kiss him, but now he knew who really carried the big stick.

She released him then moved up his body where she calmly and boldly covered his lips with hers. He took hers like a hungry man, sucking her bottom lip into his mouth then reaching up to capture her head in his hands. Then he was tasting her, devouring her, kissing her till she was the one gasping and clinging to him.

Before she knew what was happening Max wrapped his arms around her and rolled over in the sofa, pinning her beneath him.

For a quick second she almost panicked, feeling so utterly helpless, unable to move her arms or legs. But then he lowered his head to kiss her in that sensitive spot by her collarbone and all thoughts of fighting to regain control dissolved in a pool of breathtaking sensation.

He slid his lips lower still and then he was skimming the tops of her br**sts, feathering her with kisses that made her tremble all over. When his hand slipped down to rest at the top button of her blouse she sighed. And when he paused there she arched toward him, eager for his touch.

He must have been waiting for it, this indication that she wanted him, because he began to undo the buttons - one then two then three - until her lace-covered br**sts lay exposed to his hungry gaze.

Sliding his hands up her torso, he reached out to cup both br**sts in his big hands. Ooh, delicious. And then, as if that weren't enough, with both thumbs he began to stroke her ni**les through her bra, turning the tips into hard nubs that ached for his lips.

He must have read her mind because no sooner had she thought it than he slid the cup from her right breast and dipped his head to capture her nipple between his teeth.

A bolt of liquid fire shot through Silken's body and she moaned. "Yes," she whispered, "please...don't stop."

Max groaned in response. Sliding his hands behind her back he released the catch on her bra, freeing her br**sts and then he lowered his head again, this time to slurp her left nipple deep into his mouth.

And the feel of his mouth on her, his lips clamped on her sensitive bud, his tongue sliding and stroking, was so sensual that her juices began to flow.

Feeling the dampness between her legs she gasped, wanting him so bad her mouth went dry. Oh God, what was he doing to her?

And even as he was driving her crazy with his caress the question reverberated in her mind. What was he doing to her but even more frightening, what in heaven's name was he doing with her?

The thought sent a sliver of fear sliding up into her heart. Was this all a game to Max? Was she just someone to amuse himself with until he found a newer, more exciting toy? Because who was she fooling? The man was a goddamn billionaire and she was nothing more than a mechanic. A damn good one, and the owner of her own business, but still...way below Maximillian Davidoff's league.

And the last thing she wanted was for this man to use her and then discard her like a worthless piece of rag. Because if he did, she would just have to kill him.

So before it got to that she'd better put a stop to this...this seduction he'd orchestrated. Because she was nobody's patsy.

"Max, stop. I want to get up."

At her words he froze then slowly he lifted his head to look up at her. "Now?" he asked, his eyes filled with desire and confusion.

"Yes, now." Silken's voice was firm and even before he moved away she was drawing her blouse together and feeling for the buttons.

Max's brows fell in a frown but he pushed himself up and away from her then got up off the couch, his shirt still flapping loose around his bare torso. He looked like he wanted to say something but then he tightened his lips and remained silent.

She stayed silent, too, her head down as she swung her legs off the couch then deftly buttoned up her shirt and tucked the ends back into her slacks. She stood up and when she did, Max backed away as if he wanted - no, needed - to put some distance between them.

Silken lifted her face and looked him straight in the eyes. "I'm going to head home now," she said, her voice firm. "Thanks for dinner."

CHAPTER NINE

Of all the women in the world for him to run into and begin to like, it had to be one who was certifiably insane.

At the thought of Silken Max could only shake his head. It had been almost three weeks since he'd invited her over to his house - and her sister, as she'd demanded - and then when he'd try to show her that he had feelings for her she'd shot him down cold and walked away. Just like that. Even though, from her body's reaction to him, he knew she wanted him. Her shivers, her gasps, the dilation of her pupils - that was something you just couldn't fake.

So what the hell happened? One second she was begging him for more and the next she was pushing him away. Chameleon through and through.

He'd thought of contacting Suave, seeing if she could explain Silken's strange behavior, but then what would he say? I tried seducing your sister and things started out pretty good but then she went cold on me?

He gave up on that idea real fast. And he gave up on the idea of ever seeing Silken again. At least, that was what he'd told himself three weeks ago. But now...

Dammit, he was beginning to miss the little witch and he didn't know who to be more pissed with - Silken, for setting up permanent residence in his brain or himself for being a damn fool who couldn't get a wacky woman out of his mind.

So now the question was, what was he going to do about it?

Max got up from behind his desk and walked over to the window to stare out at the grounds of the new offices of his racing division. Deep in thought, he shoved his hands into his pockets. He'd had a bellyful of Duke asking after the twins and even Reed, long after he'd arrived back in England, kept asking him to tell them hi. Each time he'd mumbled something noncommittal but the truth was, he hadn't spoken to either one of them since their departure from his home weeks before.

Not Suave and not Silken....Silken, with her too-often knitted brows, her flashing brown eyes and permanently pouty lips...lips he was dying to taste again.

At the memory of her lips, her soft full br**sts, her ni**les so puckered and pink, his mouth went dry. Dang! He hadn't seen the woman in three weeks and she still had such a hold on him that he was having a hell of a time shaking it off. If he ever did...

And he had a feeling he wouldn't, so he might as well do that thing he'd been avoiding all this time. He'd been telling himself he was a fool to even pursue it.

As much as it went against his nature, he would swallow his pride and go and find Miss Silken McCullen.

***

"Are you nervous? I'm nervous. So darned nervous." Suave was wringing her hands as they stood on the front steps of Doctor Pintero's stone English Tudor home in Shorewood Hills, a prestigious neighborhood not far from the University of Wisconsin.

"Just calm down. It's going to be all right." Silken gave her sister's hand a little squeeze. She knew exactly what Suave was feeling right now. She was nervous, too, but she wasn't about to let on. She needed to be strong for both of them.

By some miracle they'd finally found the contact details for the doctor who'd delivered them over two decades earlier, a doctor who was now well into his eighties and no longer practicing medicine. They'd tried calling him but only succeeded in getting his housekeeper who advised them that the doctor was very sick and was not taking calls. She'd been very abrupt and would have hung up on them but it took Suave's tearful appeal before she would listen.

After their explanation and pleading request - they weren't too proud to beg - the woman finally agreed to speak to the doctor on their behalf. She took their names and number and promised to call back. After two days of waiting they'd heard nothing. Silken, anxious to get things resolved, decided to call again but Suave convinced her to wait a day or two longer. On the third day they got the call. The doctor would see them but only for a short while and they should do nothing, absolutely nothing to cause him undue stress.

They promised and now here they were, on the doctor's doorstep, waiting to find out everything he knew about their mother. He was their only hope of ever finding her.

Suave pressed the button and they heard the bell chime throughout the house and then they waited, Silken holding her breath and Suave smoothing her skirt with trembling hands.

The door opened and a tall, severe-looking woman with ash-blonde hair stood staring back at them. Silken paused, surprised. She'd expected a little woman, probably one with gray hair but this woman was an Amazon, tall and strong and obviously in charge. "Mrs. Detlef?" she asked, wanting to make sure she had the right person.

At the woman's nod, she continued. "I'm Silken McCullen and this is my sister, Suave. We called last week about speaking with the doctor."

The woman's jaw tightened. "I was expecting you an hour ago."

"Please excuse us," Suave said, the knuckles gripping her bag strap turning white. "Our flight was delayed. We just got to Wisconsin this morning."

The woman seemed to accept that as a reasonable explanation because she nodded and opened the door wider. She stepped aside then jerked her chin toward them. "You may come in and have a seat while I speak to the doctor. He got up early today and he may be tired. I will check if he can see you."

Even when they were seated in the dimly-lit sitting room, Suave didn't look any more relaxed. She kept wringing the strap of her bag till the poor thing looked like it would snap from the abuse. "What if he's asleep?" she asked in a breathless whisper. "What if they say we have to come back tomorrow? We're already booked on the first flight out tomorrow."

"Don't worry about it," Silken said, trying to reassure her sister. "If we have to come back we'll just get another ticket and head out day after tomorrow."

"But our tickets are non-refundable. Our budget..."

"Shh. I told you, don't worry about it. The doctor will see us. I'm sure of it." That was what she said, but Silken wasn't half as sure as she sounded. But she'd just leave Suave in the dark on that one.

Two minutes later Mrs. Detlef was back in the sitting room beckoning to them to follow her. "You must speak very quietly," she said, "and don't say anything that could upset him. He must avoid any kind of stress."

Suave nodded but then she turned worried eyes on Silken, her question obvious. How would he handle their request?

When they got to the room Mrs. Detlef opened the door quietly, waving them in, then closed it gently behind them. They were in a cozy room with colorful rugs on the floor and although the evening was warm a space heater was on, placed close to the bed which stood in the center of the room. And in the bed lay a figure, so still and white, it looked like he was dead.

Silken looked across at Suave then slowly, almost creeping, she began to cross the room. When she got to the bed she looked down and that was when she realized that the man's eyes were wide open and he was staring back at her.

"G...good afternoon, sir," she said, feeling her face redden. Had he seen her creeping toward him? She must have looked so stupid. "Thank you for agreeing to see us."

"Yes, we really appreciate it." Suave was beside her now, nodding her head as if to convince the man of their great appreciation.

Doctor Pintero was old and wrinkled and as shriveled as a prune but his black eyes were sharp as lances as they moved from one face to the other. "Twins," he said, his voice a hoarse whisper. "Black-haired twins."

Silken's heart jerked. What did he mean? Did he actually remember them? Their birth?

"Yes," she whispered, trying to contain her excitement. "Do you remember us? Silken and Suave McCullen. University of Wisconsin Hospital."

The doctor drew in a deep breath and closed his eyes. Then he expelled it in a long, slow sigh.

Silken's eyes widened as she stared down at the man's ashen face. Had she shocked him with her outburst, even though it was a whispered one? Had she put him under the stress the housekeeper had warned her about, under penalty of being thrown out the door?

But then the doctor opened his eyes again and she could see the exhaustion nestled there.

He must be really sick for a simple statement to tire him out that much.

"Yes, I remember," he said finally. "What do you want?"

"Doctor," Suave said, stepping closer to the bed. "We want to know our mother. Can you help us?"

His eyes swung to Suave and a frown settled on his wizened face. "That was not her wish." His voice was only a whisper but there was no mistaking the firmness in it. "You must not...try to find her." Then he broke into a hacking cough that shook his body and made Suave grab for the glass of water on his nightstand. Gently, she slid her arm behind his shoulders and raised him up then put the glass to his lips.

He took two sips then, the coughing over, he sank back into the pillows. "Thank you," he croaked, even as his chest heaved and he looked like he was gasping for air.

For a moment both Silken and Suave remained silent, watching him. Then Silken decided to take the chance and speak again. "We have to find our mother," she said, keeping her tone as emotionless as she could. "We can't live like this, not knowing who she is. Please understand."

"I understand," he said, and Silken could see in his eyes that he did. "But she said you must never know. It was...her decision."

Silken felt like he'd just stabbed her in the heart. You must never know...the stricken look on Suave's face told Silken that the words had hurt her sister as much as they'd hurt her.

"But you have to tell us." Suave looked like she was about to cry. "You must."

The man drew in a breath and let it out slowly. On his face was a look of deep regret. "I swore," he began, then cleared his throat. "I swore I would never let her name be known even if...even if you came looking for me."

"Then why did you let us come all this way," Silken could not keep the bitterness out of her voice, "if you knew you weren't going to tell?"

The man shook his head as he lay there on the pillows, looking from one woman to the other, then his gaze focused on Silken. "I wanted you to know, to understand," he said. "There were circumstances." He dropped his gaze. Then, as if he suddenly felt cold, he clutched the sheet and pulled it up under his chin. "Your mother...she wished to...put this behind her. Try to...understand."

"So you're not going to tell us?" The room suddenly felt hot and Silken felt like she was stifling.

"No." His face resolute, he stared at them for a moment longer and then closed his eyes.

Well, that was that. He wasn't going to talk and there was nothing she or Suave could do about it.

She turned away from the bed and made a step toward the door. "Come on," she said to Suave. "We're wasting our time here."

"But Silken..." Suave looked from the old man to her then back again.

"Come on," Silken said again, her voice more insistent this time. "He's not going to talk. Didn't you hear him? Let's go."

She could see the hesitation on Suave's face but finally, sensibly, she backed away and turned toward the door. Silken put her arm around her sister and they headed back to the door.

"Wait."

They both froze then turned as one to stare at the man in the bed. He lifted a shaking hand to point at them.

"Make sure," he said in a whispered shout, if there was such a thing, "that you give Mrs. Detlef your contact information."

Silken looked at Suave and Suave looked back at Silken. They both shrugged. What did it matter anymore? He wasn't talking so his demand didn't make much sense. Still, just to humor a very sick man, Silken decided to agree.

"We will," she said, then with Suave in tow she turned back toward the door and went on her way.

CHAPTER TEN

When Max went to see Silken after a silence of almost a month it was a very different woman that he found that day he walked onto the lot of Steady Auto.

He'd called ahead and got Suave on the office phone so he'd asked her to let Silken know he'd be dropping by. He didn't ask to speak to her. He didn't want to risk it. Knowing how contrary Silken could be, she would probably say no.

He'd expected to find her with her head stuck under the hood of a car but this time she was sitting on a boulder in the shade of a tree, a somber look on her face. He walked over and stopped right in front of her.

She looked up and gave him a weak smile. "Hi, stranger," she said, and he could detect no sarcasm, no impudence, no...Silken.

He shoved his hands into his pockets as he stared down at her. "What's up?"

She shrugged. "Oh, nothing." Then she shifted over and jerked her head toward the free space on the boulder.

Taking her up on the invitation, he sat down beside her and looked out over the yard, just like she was doing. "I thought you'd be in the garage, working on a car," he said, his tone casual.

"Suave told me you were coming over so I decided to take a break."

He looked across at her. "I'm honored."

She gave a soft laugh. "Don't feel too honored. I was tired, anyway."

Max frowned as he took in her face, the lines between her brows, the slight downturn at the corners of her mouth. "That doesn't sound like you."

"Yeah, well..." She looked away like she didn't want to continue the conversation.

"Silken, talk to me. What's going on inside that head of yours?" When she just shook her head, looking crestfallen but saying nothing, he reached over and grasped her hand. Something was definitely wrong but she wasn't talking...and he needed to find out.

"I...it's nothing." She shook her head then she bit her lip.

Now he was beginning to get really concerned...and angry. If something was wrong, why the hell was she acting like a clam? "Don't give me that 'it's nothing' crap. Tell me what's wrong or else I'll talk to Suave," he fixed his narrowed gaze on her, "and I don't know if you want that."

She frowned and tried to pull her hand away but he refused to let her go. She wasn't going to get off that easily, not without him finding out what was wrong. She pulled again and when she saw that he had no intention of releasing her she gave a defeated sigh.

"Are you going to talk?" he asked.

She shook her head. "Not here, not now." She looked around the yard, her gaze bleak, and she was like a little girl lost.

"We'll talk tonight then. I can come to see you."

She shook her hear again. "No, not at my place. I don't want...Suave to know how upset I am. Somewhere else."

"Do you want to come over to my house?" He asked the question but he really didn't want to go there, not after what had happened last time.

She shrugged. "I guess so." Then she looked up at him. "Is Reed still there?"

"No, he's been back in London two weeks now." Would that make a difference to her? They'd be all alone at the house. His eyes roamed her face but there was no change there.

"Okay, I'll come over. Seven o'clock. I'll talk to you then."

Before he could say another word she got up and this time when she pulled her hand he let it slide from his grasp. Then he watched as she walked slowly back to the office.

That evening Max prepared a light dinner for two, grilled salmon with wild rice and asparagus. He had no idea how long Silken planned to stay or even if she would accept his offer of dinner. He would just have to be prepared for anything.

A couple of minutes before the seven o'clock hour his doorbell rang and he went to get it. Silken was there, standing at the entrance like last time, but this time she was alone. And this time she looked quiet and subdued and vulnerable.

He gave her a smile. "Come on in," he said and opened the door wider so she could step past him.

He took her coat then led her down the hallway to the den, the same place where they'd so recently had their tiff. He hated his living room - too huge, formal and cold. He almost smiled to himself, wondering if for her the den brought back memories. It certainly did for him.

She chose to sit in the single-seater La-Z-Boy.

He remained standing by the door. "Would you like us to talk now?" he asked, "or would you like to share dinner with me? I did a little cooking this evening, if you don't mind trying it out."

That made her smile. "You? Cook? You actually know how to turn on the stove?"

"Hey, are you challenging me?" he growled, giving her a hearty glare. "We can do a cook-off anytime, anywhere. Just say when."

"All right, all right, no need to get competitive." She put up her hands as if in self-defense but she was laughing. It was good to see a real smile back on her face. "You can cook, I believe it." She slid out of the chair and onto her feet. "And I'd love to share your dinner." Then she gave him a wry smile. "To tell the truth, I didn't feel much like eating today but now I'm starving."

The twinkle was back in her eyes and it made Max wonder if she'd gotten over her trouble of that morning. But he wouldn't ask. They'd get to that soon enough.

But dinner with Silken was an unusually quiet affair. After taking her first bite and praising him for his culinary skills she didn't say much. She responded to his question, his attempts at light conversation, but that was it. She didn't put forward anything of her own. After the way she'd loosened up earlier he'd hoped she'd be back to normal but maybe he was expecting too much too soon. He would just have to be patient and let her work things out in her own time.

"I'd like to talk now."

Max looked up from his plate, surprised. Those were the first unsolicited words she'd spoken since they'd sat down to eat. "Sure," he said and got up. "Let me just drop the plates in the dishwasher."

When he got back from the kitchen she hadn't moved. He sat down in the chair across from her, alert and ready to listen.

She tilted her head. "Can we do this in the den? I feel more comfortable there."

"Sure," he said again and got up to help her out of her chair. As far as he was concerned she could have anything she wanted just as long as it would get her to talk. This time Silken did not position herself in the single-seater chair. Instead, she dropped down in the couch then rested her hands demurely in her lap.

He looked at her askance. Was this Suave in his house? Had the sisters conspired to play a trick on him? Where was the Silken he knew?

But no. Silken was the woman he'd held in his arms, she was the one he'd kissed. He would know those eyes, those lips anywhere. But then, why was she acting so defeated?

"You're going to think this is stupid," she said and gave a nervous laugh, "that I'm making a big deal out of nothing, but...I can't help it. This means a lot to me." She sighed. "And Suave."

He almost said, 'yes, what is it' but he held his tongue even though the suspense was killing him.

"I..." she began then stopped. "We're trying to find our mother."

Now that caught him by surprise. This was a lot more serious than he'd thought. This sounded like a matter for the police. "Your mother went missing? When?"

She shook her head. "No, not 'went missing'. She's been missing since the day we were born."

Max stared back at her, confused. What the hell could she mean by that? And then it struck him. Of course. He deserved a kick for being so slow. "You and Suave were given up for adoption? At birth?"

She smiled but it was a sad smile. "Not quite. For some reason we never quite made it into an adoptive home. I don't know why. Probably because there were two of us, probably because we fell through the cracks," she shrugged. "We lived in foster homes until we reached eighteen and then we got the hell out of the system."

Max almost shook his head in sympathy but he caught himself in time. He knew Silken and she was not the type to welcome sympathy. Instead, he grunted. "That must have been rough."

She shrugged. "It was, but we survived. Came out pretty good, all things considered." Then she fell silent again and her face took on a faraway look.

"But now," he ventured, "you want to find your roots. Find your mother and figure out where you came from."

Her eyes refocused and when she turned to him it was almost with a look of gratitude. "You got it," she said. "I have to find out who I am, where I came from. It's like," she waved her hands as if trying to find the words, "I'm not really Silken until I know where...this...all started."

"Have you tried working with an agency?"

She nodded. "We tried that but it ended up being a total waste of money. Suave and I, just working with the internet, we were able to gather a lot more information than they did."

He leaned forward. "So you have a lead."

She grimaced. "Had. But it took us nowhere." She shook her head. "We were so excited, thinking that this was it. We could hardly sleep after we made contact with the doctor who delivered us. And then we flew all the way to Wisconsin to see him and he dashed our hopes against the pavement. He knows who our mother is but he won't tell."

"Doctor-patient confidentiality?"

"Something like that." This time her tone was bitter and she was blinking and frowning and scrunching up her face, almost like she was about to cry. "I could just wring his scrawny old neck," she spat, her nostrils flaring and then she gasped and covered her face with her hands. "I'm sorry. That was a terrible thing to say. But I want my mother," her shoulders began to shake, "I want to know her. I want..." she hiccupped and the tears began to seep through her fingers, "...I want to know my family."

Oh God, the tears. Max bit down on his bottom lip and his fingers clenched and unclenched. He wanted to go to her but she might brush him off, thinking he was trying to take advantage. But he couldn't just sit there.

What the heck. He would just have to take that chance. He went to her, sitting on the sofa right beside her, and pulled her into his arms.

"I just want to know my mother, Max, my people," she wailed as she turned her face into his shoulder. "Is that so bad? Everybody says I should drop it, but I can't. I can't." And then she clung to him, sobbing and shaking while he held her close, stroking her back, letting her cry it all out on his shoulder.

"It's okay, honey," he soothed. "It's okay." There was not much else he could say because what do you say to someone who has no mother? He couldn't even imagine what that was like. As long as he'd been on the earth he'd been privileged to have a father to guide him and a mother to spoil him. And even now, as old as he was, he knew they were there to give him advice or just to be his sounding board.

This woman in his arms, his Silken, knew none of that. When she'd been a little girl and woke up in the night from a bad dream, who had been there to comfort her? And when she first discovered boys, who had been there to guide her? Even now that she was a grown woman she still needed that love, craved that relationship, cried for it. Thank God she had Suave. At least she was not totally alone.

It took minutes before Silken's body calmed and she sniffed then cuddled closer into him. Her breathing was still ragged but at least she was calmer.

Max continued to hold her, saying nothing, just stroking her hair and listening to her breathe.

Finally, she lifted her head and then looked up into his face. She gave him a wan smile. "Right now," she said in a hoarse whisper, "I just want to forget. Can you kiss me? Please?"

Max drew in his breath, not knowing how to respond to this. She was vulnerable now and the last thing he wanted to do was something he - or more accurately, she - would later regret...even if she'd been the one doing the asking. His eyes searched her face but all he saw there was pleading. And sadness.

"Please," she said again.

This time he was powerless to resist. Lowering his head, he took her lips in a kiss that was soft and gentle, demanding nothing, just giving. He wanted her to draw from his strength, take comfort from his presence, forget all her sadness and bitter disappointment.

She clung to him, almost as if in desperation, and then she was kissing him back with such fervor it was like she was trying to steal his very soul.

He answered her plea by deepening the kiss, giving her all that she was begging for and more. She'd told him she wanted to forget and he would help her do just that. And if this was what would make her whole again, he would not deny her...because he wanted her to heal, to be bold, strong Silken again.

But this time he was not taking the initiative. He would go as far as she wished and not one step farther. And if this one kiss was all she needed then that was all he would give.

But Silken soon heightened her assault, sliding her hands into his shirt, playing his body like a banjo, wearing down the bands of self-control to which he clung. God, he wanted her, and if she didn't stop this...

The thought flew out of his head as he felt her hands slide down to his buckle. Before he could still her fingers she'd loosened his belt and was pulling down the zipper of his...

He broke the kiss. "Silken, do you know what you're doing?" He reached down to lay his hand over hers.

"I know what I'm doing," she said in an urgent whisper. "I want you, Max. I want you now." She slipped her hand from beneath his and renewed her attack on his trousers.

But that was as far as she got. As much as he wanted her, there was no way he would take what Silken was offering. Not now, when she was at her most vulnerable.

"Silken," he said, "no." His voice was firm. He had to put a halt to this, for her sake.

"What?" She looked up, her brow knitted in obvious confusion. "No?"

"No. Not when you're like this. I want you, Silken, but only when you're ready."

"But I am ready-"

"No, honey. Not yet." He lifted a hand to push the hair away from her face then tucked it behind her ear. "Listen to me," he said as he locked gazes with her. "Your emotions are raw right now. You're hurting and you're turning to lovemaking for comfort. I don't want us to do it this way."

"Even if this is what I want?" A note of frustration crept into her voice.

"Even if this is what you want." Max got up from the sofa, taking Silken with him. "Go home now, Silken. What you need is a good night's sleep. By tomorrow you'll feel better." He took her hand in his as they walked to the door. "I'll call you in the morning, okay?"

She mumbled her answer in the affirmative then walked with him to her car. When she got in and drove away she wasn't looking any happier than when she'd arrived.

Max did not go back inside right away. He just stood there, staring down the driveway long after the taillights of Silken's car had disappeared into the night.

He probably hadn't been much help to her in her time of need. Maybe she thought he was cruel for sending her away.

The fact was, he'd grown to care for Silken, too much to do anything that might jeopardize what they had. Which wasn't much, he had to admit, but there was hope. She'd actually agreed to come to his house and she'd asked for his kiss, both good signs.

But now he wanted to take their friendship to another level. The question was, would she let him?

CHAPTER ELEVEN

It wasn't until a week had passed that Silken began to feel like herself again. The blow of getting so far in her search and then not being able to achieve her ultimate goal was devastating. Even Suave seemed to be handling the situation better than she was, which was unusual because she'd always been the 'strong' one.

But now, with the passing of time, she was beginning to accept things as they were. She was not happy about it, not by a long shot, but she'd begun to realize that maybe there were some things that were just not meant to be.

In the last few days things had gotten busy around the shop and she was glad for it. She would not have been able to find the time to mope even if she wanted to. Lots of clients were getting ready for long trips over the upcoming holidays so they were turning up in droves to get their vehicles tuned up for the drive. She didn't mind at all. When Suave told her the current status of their bank balance she was all smiles.

And then she remembered that apart from a brief call the following morning she hadn't heard from Max, not since he'd thrown her out of his house. Well actually, it wasn't fair to say that since he'd only been trying to help. But still, what must he think of her, throwing herself at him like that? That night she'd begged him to kiss her and then she'd tried to divest the man of his clothes. God. She still blushed every time she remembered it. She must have been out of her mind.

She could only imagine what he must be thinking about her after that episode. Would she ever be able to look him in the eyes again? She grimaced just thinking about it. She should probably avoid him for a while, at least until he'd forgotten all about what had happened. He hadn't called her and maybe that was for the best. She, of course, would not call him either.

But then, as she packed up that Friday evening and prepared to head home, she couldn't help thinking about Max. He was the only one who knew how much she'd been affected by the failed trip to the doctor and his refusal to reveal the identity of their mother. Not even Suave knew. But Max, he'd been there when she'd broken down in tears.

And now she wished she could see him again. Should she swallow her pride and call? She pondered that for a minute but then she sighed. No. Bad idea. Better to give him time to get over the shock of her bad behavior.

She was climbing into her car when her cell phone rang. She knew exactly what this was about. Suave had forgotten her shopping list again and, as usual, Silken would have to remind her to get the stuff that they kept running out of, like dishwashing liquid, ketchup and fabric softener. Eggs, milk and cheese were no-brainers but Suave could never remember the other stuff.

She pulled the phone out of her pocket and stuck it to her ear. "Hand towels," she said drily, "and dishwashing liquid and detergent. Oh, and bring me some garlic powder. I used the last of it yesterday."

"Anything else?"

Silken almost jumped out of her skin. That wasn't Suave on the other end of the call, it was Max. She laughed out loud. "Max, I'm sorry. I thought you were Suave." And then, realizing she was on the phone with the man she'd been thinking about all afternoon, her body went warm all over. "How are you?"

"I'm good," he said, and he did sound good. Deliciously so. "What about you?"

He didn't say more than that but Silken knew what he meant. He wanted to know if she'd recovered from her meltdown at his house.

"I'm fine," she said, glad her voice had not even a little waver in it.

There was the briefest of pauses and then he asked, "Are you busy this weekend? I've got tickets for the NASCAR Sprint Cup in Daytona. Want to come?"

Silken sucked in her breath but she didn't scream into the phone like she wanted to. Did she ever. "Are you serious? I'd love to. But wait. Didn't that happen in June?"

"No. The tickets say July six. That's tomorrow. And," he said, sounding like he was teasing a toddler with a piece of candy, "one of these tickets has your name on it."

"God, I would love to," she groaned, "but that's all the way in Florida. And it's tomorrow. I probably couldn't get on a flight even if I went out to the airport, went down on my knees and begged. Those flights must be booked solid by now."

"Let me worry about the 'getting there' part," Max said, his voice one hundred percent confident. "Just tell me you can be ready by four o'clock in the morning and I'll come get you."

"I'll be waiting at the door with pom-poms."

"Fine. Now tell me, would Suave like to come, too? She's welcome, you know."

Silken gave a snort. "Suave? At a racetrack? I don't think so. She'd spend the whole day pining about all the reading time she was losing." Then a thought came to her. "Hey, you think we'll see Danica Patrick in action?"

"Absolutely. Probably the most popular female racecar driver in the country? You bet your socks she'll be there. She draws quite a crowd."

"And I hope she beats the shorts off all the male drivers. Go, Danica."

"Yeah, yeah. Save the cheering for when we get there," Max said drily. "She's still got Jimmie Johnson and Clint Bowyer to contend with. We'll see what happens when we get there."

Silken was ready a whole half hour before the appointed time. Suave was still lost in dreamland. It was way too early on a Saturday morning to wake her just to say bye. The night before, when Silken had told her about Max's invitation, she'd been excited to hear that Silken would be out of the house for the day. Maybe Suave wasn't as unaware as she'd thought.

At four on the dot Max buzzed the apartment. "I'll be right down," she told him then grabbed her jacket and her purse and flew through the door.

And there he was, standing with his hands shoved into his pockets - his favorite thing to do, it seemed - a beautiful sight for her sore eyes. The last time she'd seen him it had been through a film of tears but now her personal rain had passed and she could see him clearly. And she was enjoying the view.

Max had been looking out over the parking lot and it took a couple of seconds before he realized that she'd exited the building. When he turned and saw her his eyes brightened and his lips widened in a smile. "There she is," he said, holding his arms wide. "Ready to go watch some fast cars?"

Silken was a bit surprised at his greeting but she did not hesitate. She walked straight into his hug, reveling in the feel of his arms around her, breathing in the woodsy fragrance of his cologne.

Max held her close and he seemed to be holding her just a heartbeat longer than a friendly hug required but then he released her and stepped back. "You look good," he said, smiling down at her. "Smell good, too."

"Thanks," she said, suddenly feeling shy. It was like Max was turning her into a schoolgirl again. A blushing one at that.

After they'd settled in the seat of his Benz they took off for the airport where Max had a private jet waiting. Silken was impressed. She'd never been on a private jet before. But, come to think of it, what else did she expect? The man was a billionaire, after all.

After a five hour trip during which they were served a breakfast of fresh fruit, cheese omelets and champagne, they arrived in Daytona as the morning sun rose high in the sky. The stands were already full of spectators gearing up for the races but that was no problem for Silken and Max since they had reserved seats in the Tower Suites right at the finish line. Another first for Silken, and she was loving it.

And then the races started. Immediately the adrenalin rushed through Silken and after several minutes of sitting there trying to be decent, she hopped up and started cheering for her favorite. Danica tore up the track and Silken couldn't have been more pleased.

"That's my girl," she shouted with glee then she turned to Max who sat back in his chair, an amused look on his face. "Girls rule," she yelled and pumped her fist in the air.

"Yeah, we know," he said and this time he was laughing outright. "Now sit back down for a sec. You've trampled my foot enough for one morning."

"Sorry." Silken gave him a rueful grin and plopped back down beside him. And as the races went on, she stayed still...for a while. And then she was up again, cheering for her girls because now it wasn't just Danica, it was Chrissy and Amber and Jennifer. By the time she was done cheering she'd gone hoarse and had to swallow gulp after gulp of water just so she would be able to talk.

That day she feasted on hotdogs coated in ketchup, potato chips and soda pop. No healthy eating for her, not on a day when she felt so free, so alive and so...happy. Yes, she actually felt happy, cheering and laughing and just having a good time.

And it was all because of Max, this man sitting beside her, smiling at her so indulgently. He'd pretty much let her have her own way, hardly even complaining when, in her excitement, she smashed his toes.

And one time she even ended up on his lap. Even now, as she thought about it, she couldn't help but laugh. She'd tripped and he'd caught her before she fell, pulling her into him, wrapping his protective arms around her. And it had felt so right.

Too soon she'd had to slide off his lap and take her seat by his side. But she wished she could do it, that lap thing, again.

That evening as they flew back to California Silken leaned back in her seat and sighed.

Max looked over at her. "You okay?" He rested his warm hand on top of hers.

"Perfect," she whispered and gave him a smile of gratitude. He had no idea what he had done for her. How could he? It wasn't even something she could explain.

But today with Max she'd begun to feel joy again and as he closed his eyes and settled back into his seat she watched him, the way his strong brows relaxed, his mouth softened and his breathing slowed to a soft, calm rhythm.

And she wished she had the courage to tell him...because how could she dare say the words?

Max, I think I'm falling in love with you.

CHAPTER TWELVE

The rest of July shot by like a bullet. Where was the time going? Maybe it was because things had got so busy at the shop or maybe it was because lately she'd been feeling on top of the world. Silken didn't know which, but the days came and went so fast it made her head spin.

And maybe, just maybe, time seemed to have accelerated because she was having the time of her life...with a man who made her heart skip every time she thought of him.

Okay, so maybe it was a bit sudden, this falling in love bit, but since they'd gotten back from Daytona Max and she had spoken every day...every single day...and he'd been the one doing the calling, not her. And what normal girl wouldn't be flattered by so much attention?

And they'd gone out, too, three times this month already, to the best restaurants in Cupertino, places she'd only heard of but never entered. Not because she couldn't, of course, but because she'd never had occasion to...until now.

And tonight they would be spending time together again. Max had invited her to yet another restaurant but she'd suggested his house instead, as long as he promised to cook her dinner. She'd really enjoyed the meal he'd prepared last time she'd been there and although the restaurant cuisine had been exquisite, she was getting a bit tired of having to dress up every time she wanted to see him. At least at his house she could wear jeans or a summer dress. The high heels, she could do without.

And tonight, hopefully, he would kiss her again.

They'd kissed each time they'd gone out, but once it was in the car and then at the entrance to her apartment. The last time he'd come up in the elevator with her and kissed her in front of her door. But always, she'd felt his restraint, like he didn't want to go too far with her, probably because they were kissing in public.

But tonight he would have no excuse because they would be all alone. Not that she was planning to seduce him or anything but she hoped he would make that move and kiss her till her world spun round and round. And there was nothing wrong with hoping, was there?

Silken smiled to herself. It was funny how, in the last few weeks, her behavior and her personality seemed to be undergoing all kind of changes.

She wasn't quite so prickly, she was sure of it, and she'd even grown sort of slow, waiting for him to kiss her instead of demanding it, like the old Silken would have done. She must be getting old...

Silken got to Max's house at six o'clock as planned, four packs of microwave popcorn in her handbag. They were going to do dinner and a movie and how could it feel like a movie without popcorn? Sans popcorn it would only be a television show.

And if she had her way they'd have dinner and two movies because he wanted to watch one of those Bourne Identity films - of which she hadn't seen even one - and she wanted romantic comedy. Max had let her have her way on most things but on this he was adamant. No 'chick flicks' for him, he'd declared, as if there was something wrong with watching a nice love story. But she would have her way and she knew just the thing to make him yield.

In the end, she didn't have to pull out the big guns. One kiss on the lips and he crumbled. If only everything could be so easy.

In the den Max settled himself on the sofa while Silken slid her disc into the Blu-ray player. Then she came over and sat on the other end of the sofa, lay down and put her head in his lap. It felt so natural, being there with him, and there was no place she would rather be.

As she lay there watching Cameron Diaz charm her on-screen love interest, Max stroked her hair and she almost purred, feeling like the world's most pampered cat. She gave a soft sigh and stretched out on the couch then she settled back down to enjoy his caress.

Silken lay like that for several minutes, watching the movie but then not watching, so aware of Max's hand on her hair and the warmth of his legs beneath her cheek that she was having a hard time following the love story.

And then when his hand slid lower she was lost. It wasn't that he was doing anything blatantly seductive. All he'd done was slide his hand from her head down to her nape where his fingers kneaded gently then stroked and caressed, driving her to utter distraction.

On the big screen television the actors were speaking, lips moving, but Silken was hearing not a word. With nothing more than the stroke of his fingers Max had wiped her mind clean and all she could think of was the way his hands made her whole body tingle. No matter that he was lounging on the sofa, seeming totally relaxed and comfortable, she was like a live wire, electrified, every inch of her aware of him. Even her ni**les had gone hard in her bra.

Trying her best to relax, Silken drew in a slow, deep breath then let it out in a soft sigh. It didn't work. How could it, when right then his hand was leaving its safe place at her nape and sliding into the collar of her shirt? His warm palm caressed her shoulder and she had to fight to swallow a moan.

It was a gentle caress, and he wasn't touching the intimate parts of her body, but God it was so sensual, so...

Silken sucked in her breath and bit down on her lip. Oh, no. She was growing damp...and he hadn't done a thing except stroke her neck and shoulder. What was it about this man that made her respond to his simple touch?

Not good. Not when she was so used to being in control.

And then his hand slid over to cup her shoulder and a warm, softly-tingling sensation radiated from his palm, flowing through her body, making her tremble. This time she moaned. She couldn't help it.

How she wished he would stop this teasing, this sliding of his hand over her skin, showing so much restraint. How did he do it? Right at that moment all she wanted was for him to strip her bare and make sweet, hot love to her...right there in the den, right now.

But he was holding back...and she knew why. As sure as he was of himself, he still wasn't sure what she wanted, and he wasn't going to push. She would have to be the one to make the move. That had to be it.

And if taking that first step was what it would take for her to get what she wanted, then she would do it.

Eyes closed, Silken shifted her head on Max's lap, rubbing her lips along the smooth fabric covering his legs, moving closer into him until his hand, the one smoothing her shoulder stilled. Satisfied that she'd got his attention, she raised her head then slowly, almost seductively, she slid off him and got up, forcing him to release her and let his hand fall to his side.

He was watching her now, intently, his dark eyes blazing. But he said nothing. His eyes told the story. He would let her have her way.

Silken gave him a tiny smile, knowing what she had in store for him. Maybe she would shock him, maybe she would shock even herself, but tonight was the night that she felt like being daring.

Silken sank back down onto Max's lap - she loved his lap, strong and firm and muscled - but this time, instead of her cheek it was her bottom that settled there. And it felt so good.

And now she was in the perfect position to do what she wanted. Sliding her hand up, Silken ran her palm across Max's cotton-covered chest then moved her hand higher still to caress the deliciously rough skin just below his chin. Then slowly, deliberately, she slid her hand around to tickle the hair at his nape, just like he'd done to her. His groan of pleasure was all the reward she needed. But she didn't plan to take it slow, not like he'd been doing. Tonight was the night to indulge her inner diva - she would take what she wanted when she wanted. And that 'when' was now.

Sliding her fingers up and into the smooth thickness of his hair, Silken gained hold on the back of Max's head and, applying pressure, forced his head down toward hers.

She didn't let up until his lips, those wonderfully firm lips, were touching hers. Then she took command.

She claimed possession of his lips, kissing him like he'd probably never been kissed by any woman before. Tilting his head to the perfect angle, she molded her mouth to his then, before he could even respond, she tickled his lower lip with her tongue then sucked it into her mouth.

Max drew in his breath but he did not resist. He let her have her way, nipping and teasing until a groan escaped his lips.

Emboldened by his response Silken's exploration grew more intimate. Releasing his lips, she slipped her tongue in to taste him, to feel as one with the man whose touch made her body sing.

She knew she was doing something right when he moaned again and his arms went round her, pressing her against his chest. She deepened the kiss, taking from him all that she desired, feeding her hunger with the kiss.

His hand slid up as if he wanted to cup her head, probably take control, but Silken was having none of that. Just as he drew her closer she broke the kiss.

Max looked surprised then disappointment filled his eyes.

Silken smiled. She loved that. She'd made him want her and by the time she was done with him there would be no turning back.

Pulling back, she reached down and began to undo the buttons on his shirt and even when he fixed her with a questioning look she did not stop. When the shirt fell wide open she slid her hands up and shoved it off his shoulders, leaving his body bare to her gaze.

Still smiling, feeling as wicked as a witch, she lowered her head to capture a taut nipple between her teeth and then she began the torture she knew he loved. She worried the nipple, sucking then nipping the stiff bud till Max threw back his head and groaned. The other nipple suffered the same fate until she took pity and released him...for the moment.

Max must have thought her momentary pause was her signal for him to take over because his hands, which had clutched the comfy cushions, now reached for her. She slapped them away. "Don't move," she growled, "not until I say you can."

Immediately, he dropped his hands. Good boy.

She reached up and cupped his chin in her hand then kissed him forcefully, almost savagely on the lips then before he could recover she pulled away, leaving him wanting more. She could see the desire in those eyes that bored into her but she said nothing. Let him stew in the broth of his passion for just a while longer. Then he'd really be ready for her.

She'd almost chuckled at that thought. If the hardness pressed against her hip was anything to go by, he was way past ready.

The perfect time to move in for the kill.

She slipped off his lap. "Lie down," she ordered, jerking her head to indicate that he should stretch out on the sofa. As tall as he was, his feet would hang over the edge but there was nothing she could do about that. To move to stage two she needed him flat on his back.

Max obeyed, his look full of anticipation. The confusion gone, all she could see in him was want. Plain and simple.

This time when she attacked his belt she did not stop until it hung loose at his waist and in one smooth move the zipper was down. For a quick second she felt a flash of apprehension. Was she ready for this? What must he think of her? But as fast as the thought flew into her head she quashed it. Silken McCullen was no wimp and there was no way she would chicken out now.

Straddling Max's legs, Silken leaned forward and kissed the skin just above his navel. He jumped then settled back with a sigh. Sliding her lips lower, she tickled the soft hairs, trailing a path from his navel to the top of his shorts. The sound of Max's breathing grew louder, his nostrils flaring, his breath quickening as she moved lower and lower still.

She was teasing the hell out of this man, going so close but not quite there, and she was having the time of her life. Oh, Max, you have no idea what a crazy woman you hooked up with.

She slipped her thumbs under the waistband of his shorts and slid them down, ever so slightly, just enough to expose the smooth skin of his hips. There, she lowered her lips to feather soft kisses across that sensitive spot, drawing guttural groans from deep within his throat.

And then he moved. "Enough." One word, hoarse but firm, and then he was getting up off the sofa with Silken in his arms.

"Hey," she squealed as he lifted her even higher and began to stride toward the door. "I didn't tell you to move."

"You can boss me around all you want," he grunted, "but we'll do it somewhere comfortable. The den is not it." Silken shut up then. He was taking her to his bedroom. Things were moving exactly in the direction she'd hoped. But now that it was time, her already agitated heart began to pound.

She'd been acting like the big bad wolf and now it was time to deliver on her bold promise.

And even though she was scared witless she was determined to do just that.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

When Max got to the landing, Silken in his arms, he walked down the hallway, straight to his master bedroom where he pushed the door open with his foot. He didn't know what had come over Silken, changing from calm to almost aloof to a hot-blooded vixen all in one night, but it was a change that suited him fine...because, God knew he'd been wanting her all night.

Gently, he laid her in the middle of the king-sized bed and as he did so he looked up into her eyes. For one brief moment he thought he saw a look of uncertainty there but then, in a flash, it was gone.

Before he could ask if she was all right - he wanted to be sure she was ready for this - the audacious fire returned to her eyes and she reached up and snaked her arm around his neck, pulling him down so she could kiss him on the lips. Then just as quickly, she released him.

"Lie down," she ordered, her mouth curving into a mischievous smile. When he didn't move right away she hopped off the bed and gave him a shove, sending him tumbling back into the pillows.

Amused, Max lay there staring up at her. What the heck was Silken up to? Shy girl turned dominatrix? He liked that.

As sexy as that idea was, he had no time to dwell on that further because Silken dropped to her knees, slid his shoes and socks off his feet and began to tug at the cuffs of his pants. The girl meant business.

He raised his h*ps to help her out and soon she'd pulled his trousers off and dropped them to the floor, leaving him in nothing but boxer shorts. And the sad thing was, they didn't do a damn thing to hide his arousal. He was as stiff as a pole and the tent in the front of shorts was a very visible testament to that.

Trooper that Silken was, she didn't seem the least bit perturbed. When he'd seen that flash of uncertainty in her eyes he'd wondered if things were moving too fast for her but now, her eyes focused on him, her bottom lip caught by her perfect white teeth, all he could see was curiosity, determination and burning desire.

Max lay there, staring up at Silken in eager anticipation, waiting for her to make her next move. He didn't want to steal her thunder. As much as he wanted to reach up and pull her down on top of him, he didn't want to scare her. The last thing he wanted was for her to have second thoughts.

He waited a moment longer but when she still didn't move he frowned. Was she having second thoughts after all, even without his help? "Silken," he began but then his words died away as he watched her eyes scan the room. What the devil was she looking for?

Then her face lit up. "Perfect," she said and set off toward the bathroom.

Curious, Max turned his head to follow her with his eyes. When she walked over to the chair by the bathroom and snatched up his tie that hung from the back of it, he frowned.

He'd begun to rise up on his elbows when she whipped around. "Stay there," she ordered as she strode back toward the bed, tie in hand. "Don't move until I tell you to."

That made him lift his eyebrows. It looked like Silken had decided to be the boss tonight and she was taking her role very seriously. Her face looking flushed and eager, a mischievous gleam in her eyes, she looked ready for battle.

And the way things were looking, Max didn't know if he should be excited...or worried.

***

Now that she'd decided to be daring Silken was ready to go all the way. If she was going to make love to this man - which, of course, was her plan - why go for vanilla sex? She'd never believed in taking the regular, boring route for anything and she wasn't going to start now.

She grasped both ends of the tie, held it high and snapped it, making Max jump. When his eyebrows rose and he gave her a questioning look, she smiled. "Just lie back," she said softly, "and close your eyes."

He frowned. "What are you going to do with that?"

"Worried?" she asked in a silky-smooth whisper. "You should be."

When the furrow between his brows grew even deeper she laughed softly. It was so much fun to put some scare in a man. Slowly, seductively, she sashayed over to the bed then climbed on. "Hands above your head."

Max eyed her suspiciously but her no-nonsense tone must have convinced him that she was serious because he moved his arms from his sides and slid them up, as ordered.

Quickly and skillfully she bound his wrists together with a figure eight knot then secured his trapped hands to the railing at the head of the bed. Even when he tugged at it there was no give.

A look of uncertainty slid into Max's eyes. "I'm not sure this is a good idea."

"Shh." Silken laid a finger against his lips, silencing him. "It's okay. I won't hurt you," she said, giving him a reassuring smile. "You'll love this. I promise."

Max gave her a look of suspicion, obviously feeling no more reassured now than when she'd just bound him to the bed.

But Silken didn't mind. A touch of fear - just a hint, mind you - would make his ultimate release that much more explosive.

Then he cocked his head. "Aren't you going to get out of your clothes?"

"Not yet. Let's take care of you first."

Silken slid down the bed until her body lay alongside his then she leaned over and kissed him full on the mouth. When she moved away he raised his chin, still wanting more, but she wasn't about to grant him his wish, not when denying him his full satisfaction was what would drive him crazy with desire. And that was her goal, wasn't it? Softening her lips, she slid them to the sensitive spot behind his ear and brushed kisses there and down his neck to his strong shoulders. As her lips settled there a thought crossed her mind. Wouldn't the sensation be even more intense if she could deprive him of the sense of sight?

Silken lifted her head to look around the dimly-lit room, trying to find something, anything she could use to make a blindfold. In her room she would have found tons of stuff - sashes, head wraps, scarves - but here in a man's more spartan bedroom she couldn't find a single thing.

And then she saw it - a light cotton A-shirt hanging from a hook at the back of the door. Not as perfect as a scarf but good enough. It was soft and light enough where she could easily wrap it around his eyes and knot it at the side of his head. She hopped off the bed and ran to get her prize.

But when she got back and began to cover Max's eyes he shifted his head and glared up at her. "Oh, no, you don't," he said. "I want to see exactly what you're doing to me."

"Oh, come on," Silken chided, "don't be such a baby. It will be more fun this way." Then she gave a sorrowful pout. "Don't you trust me?"

"No." The answer was quick and unapologetic, making it obvious that her attempt at the cute 'puppy-dog' look hadn't worked on Max. "I don't trust you, not when you have that wicked look in your eyes."

She heaved a dramatic sigh. "All right, no blindfold. Spoilsport."

The blindfold idea shelved, she threw the shirt onto the nearby chair then turned her attention back to Max. This time she didn't climb back onto the bed. Instead, she simply leaned over and continued her trail of kisses down the middle of his chest.

His body jerked but, arms immobilized, all Max could do was watch. Then as her kiss moved lower he sucked in air and held it and even when she paused just above the waistband of his shorts - as she'd done just minutes before - he did not release his breath.

Now it was Silken's turn to have her breath catch in her throat. She was the one who had started this and now it was time to deliver. Max was waiting.

She glanced up at him and he was watching her, dark eyes gleaming. She could not turn back now.

Silken bit her lip. Then she closed her eyes. Then, before she could change her mind, she hooked her thumbs into his boxer shorts and pushed them off his hips. Down she went with the shorts, sliding them over his thighs and down his legs, her eyes still squeezed shut.

And then they were off...totally off and in her hand, and Max lay bare before her.

Not that she was seeing anything. Her eyes were still shut.

"Now it's your turn."

At the sound of Max's voice, Silken's eyes flew open. Big mistake. If she'd wanted to play shy girl and postpone her view of his private part, that plan was dashed when she got her first eyeful of Max in all of his glory.

It was the biggest...Silken swallowed. Not that she'd seen many. She'd fallen in love her freshman year in college - or so she thought until she'd ended up having to dump the guy for being so domineering. Her second relationship lasted all of six months before the guy ended up dumping her...for being too bossy. So, yeah, she had some experience under her belt. But experience with a penis this size? Er, not really.

Quickly, Silken turned away and fumbled with the buttons of her shirt. She needed a moment to think. Had she made a big mistake? Was this 'dominating Max' plan such a good idea? Because how could you dominate a man you weren't sure you could even handle?

"What's taking you so long?" The amusement was obvious in Max's voice. "You got to see me naked. Now it's my turn to see you."

"I'm coming," she said, annoyed that no matter that he was helpless to move, he still seemed to have the upper hand. "Don't rush me."

When she got a chuckle in response she gritted her teeth. So he wanted naked? Then he'd get it and she would torture him with it until he begged her for release.

Grumbling under her breath, she loosened the rest of the buttons and shrugged out of the shirt then she pushed her shoes off her feet and unbuckled her belt. Within seconds she was in nothing but bra and panties. Then she turned to face him.

Slowly, his mouth curled into a sly smile and he shook his head. "Not good enough," he said. "I want to see everything."

"All right, all right," she muttered then reached behind to loosen the clasp on her bra. She let the undergarment slide off her shoulders and down her arms to flutter down to the carpeted floor. Then she straightened and she saw that he was staring at her like he wanted to devour her...and that was exactly as things should be.

Seeing Max's hungry gaze made Silken feel a whole lot more confident. She hooked her thumbs into her bikini panties and slid them down her legs and when she straightened he was still staring at her but this time he licked his lips in a move she could swear was involuntary.

She smiled, moved back to the bed and climbed on then slowly, on her knees, she crept up and over his body, never once taking her eyes off his.

As her face moved closer he raised his chin, obviously expecting her kiss, but she ignored him and continued moving up and over his body until her right breast hung like succulent fruit just above his lips.

Reaching up with his tongue, he tried to taste the morsel that hung just out of his reach but she pulled back, denying him the pleasure. He groaned.

She decided to take pity on him and lowered her breast so that the nipple grazed his lips. Immediately, he captured the puckered tip and sucked it into his mouth. He moaned.

And Silken moaned. She'd been denying him and denying herself for too long but now it felt sinfully sweet to have his lips on her. God, it felt good. Shifting her other nipple to his mouth, she cradled his head in her arms and let him suckle at her breast, her body melting against him as the pleasure flowed through her like honey.

Max shifted his head, letting the nipple pop out of his mouth. "Release me, Silken," he rasped. "I want to touch you all over. Free my hands."

"Not yet," she said, still loving the feeling of control. "I'm not ready." She wanted to torture him some more, slide back down his body and straddle his hips. She wanted to ride him like this, denying him his freedom, making him beg her for release.

"Now," he growled, his eyes flashing with a fierce fire. "I want you, but not like this."

His voice was firm, his face serious, and Silken decided not to push him any farther. She'd loved the power but now he was ready to retake control. With a sigh, Silken reached up and loosened the knot at the bedpost then she tackled the knot that bound his wrist.

As soon as he was free Max flexed his fingers then he reached up and cupped her face in his hands. "You can still be in charge," he whispered, "but let me at least have the freedom to do this," he drew her head down and gave her a gentle kiss, "and this", he slid his hands over her back, sending a delicious shiver through her, "and this." He cupped her bottom in his big hands and pressed her pelvis against his, his hardness rubbing against her clitoris, sending sparks shooting through her body.

Silken wriggled against him. She couldn't help it. It felt so good, having his hardness pressed right there. She wanted more. She wanted it all. She drew in a shuddering breath, knowing that right now she wanted the whole length of him inside her.

Silken raised her head to look up at Max. "I'm ready," she whispered. "Do you have protection?"

"Night table. Top drawer."

In a flash she was off the bed and pulling a pack of condoms from the drawer. She'd ripped one out of its packet even before she got back to the bed.

There, she stopped. She glanced at Max's penis, so stiff and proud, and then up to his face then back again. She'd thought about giving the condom to Max, letting him sheath himself, but his cynical smile made her ditch that idea. He thought she couldn't do it, that she was a wimp. Well, she would prove him wrong.

Wrapping one hand around his penis, she positioned the condom at the tip with her other hand, then slowly rolled the rubber down its length. Satisfied, she climbed back onto the bed then gave him a questioning look.

In answer, Max rested his head back into the pillows and closed his eyes. "I'm all yours."

Silken raised herself up and straddled his h*ps again, and this time she was determined to finish what she'd started. She had a throbbing ache between her legs that needed to be assuaged and there was only one way guaranteed to give her the release she craved.

Silken positioned herself so the tip of Max's penis pressed against her entrance then slowly, gingerly, she sank down. For a second her body tightened, resisting the intrusion, but then Max slid his hands over her thighs, over her h*ps and up to her br**sts where he kneaded and caressed till her bones melted and the honey between her legs began to flow.

Her body now warmed by his touch, Silken received all of him and then she began to move, rocking back and forth, gently at first while her body grew accustomed to the feel of him, the size of him. And then, even as his hands continued to caress, she moved faster, planting her hands on his chest to steady herself.

And then, even as the sweet, sensual tension in her began to build, Max slid one hand between her legs to slide his thumb over her sensitive bud. And as he stroked back and forth, a slow and searing heat began to rise, causing her breath to quicken in her throat, and soon she was gasping and rocking, faster and faster, his magic fingers driving her, hurtling her toward her peak.

And now Max was gasping too, his h*ps bucking up into her, and all she could do was cling to him and ride the waves of pleasure as they dashed her into the shore.

"Oh, God, Silken." The words burst from Max's lips in a groan that seemed to come from the depths of his soul.

His cry of passion triggered Silken's response and she cried out, clinging to him as he made one final thrust, driving himself deep inside as he found his release. Then the fire he'd stoked burst into flames that shot through her, making her shake all over.

Silken collapsed on top of Max and for a long while she lay there, her cheek pressed against his chest, her body rising and falling with his. Gradually their gasps stilled, their breathing slowed and Silken snuggled up under Max's chin, enjoying the feel of his arms wrapped around her.

As she lay listening to the beat of his heart, she felt Max shift his head. When she looked up he lowered his lips to caress her forehead with a soft and gentle kiss.

"Thank you," he whispered and gave her a smile that made her heart melt like chocolate on her tongue. "After a night like this, I don't think I can ever let you go."

At his words Silken ducked her head back down again, hiding her face against his chest. Those were the sweetest words he could have said to her...and the scariest.

Because she had no idea if it meant he loved her as much as - she now realized - she loved him.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The next couple of months were probably the happiest time of Silken's life. She and Max were a couple, going steady, whatever anybody wanted to call it. All she knew was that she and Max spoke every single day and saw each other almost every weekend and she couldn't have been happier.

Even Suave seemed to be more cheerful than usual, and that was something, seeing that she was generally a happy person, a whole lot chirpier than Silken ever was. Maybe her happiness with Max was rubbing off on her sister. Maybe on everyone around her? She almost laughed at that thought. She, Silken McCullen, a bundle of joy. Too funny.

Then out of the blue one day, just as the maples and oaks began to turn yellow in their own subdued celebration of a California autumn, Max made a brilliant suggestion. "I heard the camp sites in California are pretty good. What say we try one out this weekend?"

"I'm in." Silken beamed at him. "Jalama's great. Right on the beach."

Max shook his head. "Naw. Too tame. I want something with a bit more challenge and definitely more wildlife. I hear Anza-Borrego's not bad." Then he reached out and pulled her into him. "They've got five hundred miles of dirt roads and hiking trails. And when we get tired, we set up camp and make love under the stars."

Silken snorted but she was laughing, too. "Yeah, with kit foxes and iguanas watching." Then she shuddered. "And rattlesnakes."

Max tilted his head. "Chicken?" He knew just the buttons to push to get her to react.

"Never," she said, her voice brimming with challenge. Then she shook her head. "Not chicken, just sensible."

Max cocked an eyebrow. "Of course."

"Okay, okay, I'm chicken. But it's only because snakes creep me out." She wrapped her arms around his waist, enjoying the closeness and the warmth of his legs pressed against hers. "Why don't we compromise?" she asked. "Anza-Borrego's at least a couple of hours drive away but Cuyamaca is maybe half that. And it's got a swimmable lake." She batted her eyes at him and anybody watching would think she was promising him a whole lot more than just a hike in the woods.

"I'll consider it," Max said, with a smirk of amusement, "if you say you'll go skinny-dipping with me in that swimmable lake you promised."

"Deal," she said with a laugh, "as long as we do it at night. I may be daring but I'm no exhibitionist."

"Aaw, and there I was thinking I'd get a free show."

Silken leaned into him and put her lips close to Max's ear. "You can get a show any time," she whispered, "your own personal and private striptease."

When Silken told Suave about the upcoming camping trip, her sister immediately began helping her plan. "Don't forget your toothbrush," she said. "Once you're all the way up in the mountains you won't be able to run to the store to get anything." Then she plopped down on the bed and reached for the notepad on the nightstand. "Now let's see...sleeping bag, pillows, tent, and anti-itch cream. You never know when that will come in handy." She tapped the pen against her lips and stared off into space. "What else? Oh yes, aspirin..."

"Suave, you don't have to write me a list. I've been on a camping trip before." Silken reached out to take the notepad from her but her sister swiped it out of reach.

Suave rolled her eyes. "Yeah, when you were fourteen. And that was with the girl scouts. You had camp leaders to keep you on track. Now you're on your own."

"Max will be with me."

"Yeah, but he's a man." Suave shook her head. "Men are clueless when it comes to packing. Don't you know that?"

Silken shrugged. "I guess I didn't." Then she headed for the door. "I'm running out to Bitter + Sweet to get some ice cream. Want to come?"

Suave shook her head, not even bothering to look up from her paper. "No," she said absentmindedly, "I want to finish this." She put her pinky finger to her lips and began to nibble on her nail. "Warm socks, raincoat..." She was talking to herself like she'd forgotten Silken was even there.

Silken only smiled and pulled the door closed. There was no use trying to talk to Suave when she was absorbed in a task. She'd just surprise her with ice cream from the store. She'd bring back her favorite flavor - Tahitian Vanilla.

When Friday evening came, Max picked her up at the apartment in a BMW SUV. He hopped out, gave Silken a swift kiss then grabbed her camping gear and threw them in the back. Then he held the door open for her. "Ready to roll?"

"Ready like Freddie," she said as she hoisted herself up onto the seat.

"Like who?"

She laughed. "Never mind. Just something Suave and I used to say when we were kids."

The drive out to the camp started out slow on a highway clogged with weekenders heading out on various excursions, and a forty-five minute journey ended up taking close to an hour and a half. By the time they made it to the camp grounds the sun had long set behind the mountains and the shadows of night covered the terrain. They ended up having to pitch their tent by the light of the moon and the battery-powered lantern that Max had packed. And the darkness, with its quiet intimacy, made things that much more special.

That night as they snuggled in their cozy tent Silken and Max made sweet love to the ribbits of frogs calling out in the trees and the chirps of crickets in the bushes. And long after they'd sated their hunger they lay wrapped in each other's arms, Silken lying na**d on top of her man, his hands warming her body as he ran it up and down her back. It was a different experience, a refreshing one. Tonight, lying na**d out in the wild, they were as one with nature itself.

Then, just as Silken was beginning to drift off, Max whispered in her ear. "Ready for skinny-dipping?"

Silken opened her eyes a crack then closed them again. She yawned then snuggled deeper into Max's arms. "This feels too good," she muttered. "I'm not moving one inch."

Silken didn't touch the water till Saturday morning when the sun was high in the sky. She woke to a crackling sound and the smell of bacon in the air. When she crawled out of the tent, Max's jacket wrapped around her, she found him crouched around a small fire, busily frying up breakfast.

As she came out into the open he turned and greeted her with a smile. "Morning, sleepy-head. I thought you were going to spend the whole camping trip snoring away."

"What time is it?" she asked, rubbing her eyes and then she glared up at him. "And I don't snore."

He lifted an eyebrow. "Number one, it's almost eleven o'clock and number two, you could moonlight as a freight train."

Silken gasped. "That's an awful thing to say. I don't snore." Then she frowned as she watched his face. "Do I?"

That made him laugh. "All right, you weren't that bad. No need to fret. Now come give me a kiss."

She grimaced. "All you're getting right now is a hug. I've gotta go clean up."

"I'll take it." Turning from the fire, he held his arms wide and when she stepped into his embrace he wrapped them around her and kissed the top of her head. Then he gave her a smart slap on the behind. "Now hurry up before your breakfast gets cold."

After a breakfast of scrambled eggs, bacon and grits with mint tea, Silken and Max put on their hiking gear and donned light backpacks with food and water.

"There's no way we can come all this way," Max said, "and not get some good hiking in."

Silken agreed one hundred percent. The mountains of Cuyamaca rose over four thousand feet into the heavens and before the day was over she planned to reach the peak. Putting one hand up to shield her eyes, she pointed up into the heights covered with pine trees. "How long do you think it would take us to get to the top?"

Max looked at her like she was crazy. "We're going hiking, Silken, not mountain climbing. Do you know how cold it is up there? We're not prepared for that."

"Oh," Silken said, feeling a little deflated. She hadn't thought of that. She'd psyched herself up for a major adventure but now Max had gone and burst her bubble.

At the look on her face, Max laughed. "Mountain climbing is not as simple as you think. We'd have had to start training weeks ago, walking, getting in peak condition. Mountain climbing takes stamina."

"Are you saying that I'm not fit?" Silken put her hands on her hips.

"All I'm saying," Max said, coming over to throw an arm around her shoulder, "is that a good hike will be more than enough of a work-out for us right now. We'll do the mountain climbing bit when things warm up next year. Okay?"

"Okay." Silken grinned and leaned into him. That sounded good, what he'd just said. Mountain climbing next year. It meant that he was thinking long-term. They had a future.

She hadn't let herself dwell on it but a few weeks into their relationship, after she'd gotten over the first high of knowing that she and Max were together, she'd begun to wonder - how long would this all last? She knew she loved him, and as far as she was concerned she wanted it to last forever. But what about Max? How did he feel?

As she pulled out of his arms and began to follow him down the trail she tried to flush the thought from her mind but it came swirling back - he'd talked about never letting her go, but what did that mean, really? Was his 'never' as long as hers?

Max was whistling as he walked, obviously in a good mood, the sun shining down on his bare head, the birds chirping in the trees.

It was a great day to be happy, and she was. She was out in the wild, enjoying nature with the man she loved. What better way to spend her weekend?

And yet there was one little kernel that had taken up residence in a quiet corner of her heart, one nagging doubt that she could not dislodge.

Yes, she was good enough to be Max's girlfriend, but would she ever be good enough to be his wife?

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Sunday night came much too soon and as Silken and Max dismantled their tent she almost got sentimental. She actually felt tearful. Of course, she didn't cry. Please. She was too much of a tough girl for that. But still, she couldn't stop the thought from entering her mind - why did it have to end?

"Come on, stop daydreaming." Max waved a hand in front of her face. "We've got to get out of here. It's almost eight."

Silken sighed and bent down to finish rolling up her sleeping bag. "I'm coming."

She was loading her bag into the back of the van when Max touched her on the cheek. "You okay?"

She gave him a wan smile. "I'm okay."

He smiled back. "It was great, wasn't it?"

She smiled wider. "The best."

"This was our first but it definitely won't be our last." He gave her a gentle chuck on the chin. "Now cheer up and let's ship out."

"Ay ay, Cap'n." She gave him a smart salute and when he lunged for her, probably to get back at her for being cheeky, she dashed off and hopped into the passenger seat. "Come on," she yelled. "You're holding us up. It's almost eight, you know."

With a laugh he took his seat beside her and they took off down the bumpy road that would take them to the highway.

By the time they got to Cupertino it was eight-thirty but Max didn't take Silken straight to her apartment. Instead, he turned onto the route that led to his house.

Silken relaxed into the seat and crossed her arms. "Are we forgetting something? You're supposed to drop me off, remember?"

"I remember," he said as he reached over to rest his hand on her leg, "but the night's still young. We have time for a nightcap."

Silken gave a snort. "So says the man who was just chasing me to the car, telling me he had to hit the sack early because he has a busy day tomorrow."

"Well, maybe I was hurrying you along," Max said, his voice taking on a seductive tone, "for other...selfish...reasons."

That got him a smile from Silken. She liked the sound of that.

When they got to his house and had settled down in his bedroom, Max turned to Silken, a sly smile on his lips. "Now that we've done the outdoor adventure thing, what about a little indoor adventure to close the weekend?"

"Meaning?" Totally na**d as was Max, Silken went on her hands and knees and moved up the bed until her face was mere inches away from his.

He reached a hand up and pushed a curl out of her face. "You've had your fun with me, with your tying up sessions."

"Yeah." Silken nodded. "And wasn't it more fun once you got comfortable with me blindfolding you?"

"Mmm, sometimes. But," he said as he traced his fingers around her chin, "what if we do something new?"

Her eyes widened. "Like you tying me up this time? That would be great."

Max grimaced then shook his head. "That wasn't exactly what I had in mind."

"But it's a good idea, isn't it?"

He frowned. "Wouldn't you being scared?"

"Why should I be?" Then, at his look of suspicion, she laughed. "Oh, come on, Max. You know me by now. I love this kind of thing. It's the games that keep the sex interesting."

He gave a grunt but said nothing and when he didn't look like he was going to make a move, Silken hopped off the bed. "I'll go get the stuff. You just start planning all the kinky things you're going to do to me when I get back."

That only got her a groan from Max. "I've awakened a monster," he muttered.

"And it's all your fault," she threw over her shoulder, "for putting these crazy ideas in my head." They both knew she didn't need ideas from anyone. She could do crazy all by herself, but how could she resist teasing poor Max?

By the time Silken got back she had two ties, chocolate syrup, whipped cream and a honey-glazed doughnut. She deposited her booty on the nightstand by the bed.

Max raised himself up on one elbow and eyed her treasures. "The ties, syrup and cream, I can figure out, but a doughnut? What am I supposed to do with that?"

"That's not for you, silly. It's mine." Silken grabbed it and took a big bite. "I'm hungry." Her voice, hampered by her mouthful of doughnut, came out muffled.

"Oh." Max sighed and sank back into the bed, a look of relief on his face. "As weird as you are sometimes, I was ready to expect anything."

Silken punched him on the arm. "Meanie." She polished off her doughnut then licked the flakes from her fingers. "Ready." She knelt on the bed and raised her hands, wrists crossed.

Max eyed her with amusement. "Are you sure?"

"Very. Come on. I'm ready to be tied up."

Max shook his head. "Don't say I didn't give you a chance to back out."

It wasn't very long before those words came back to haunt Silken. Bound to the bed railing by one tie, her eyes blindfolded by the other, she soon began to wonder what on earth she'd gotten herself into. Max had tied her up exactly as she'd demanded, but then he proceeded to drive her mad with the lightest of touches, starting at the soles of her feet then up her inner leg, touching and teasing until she was writhing with need.

And then that same tantalizing touch floated over the skin of her belly to circle the sensitive mounds of her br**sts and then it flicked and flitted over her aching ni**les, making her gasp and moan. That touch, so wickedly tantalizing, could not be his fingers or even his lips. He was using a feather to torture her. It had to be. But where in the world had he found one? She was in big trouble, she knew. When it came to making love, a feather was the ultimate instrument of torture.

And now, to her chagrin, the master was being schooled by the student.

Again and again the feather licked her ni**les, first the left and then the right, sending soft waves of pleasure rippling through her body. She arched her back in agony, moaning out loud, desperate for him to put her out of her misery. "Suck on it," she pleaded. "I need your lips. Please."

Her hands trapped above her head, she had no power to reach for him. Her eyes bound by his tie, neither could she see him. She had no idea if he was regarding her with pity or laughing at her plight. She did the only thing left in her power to do. She begged.

To Silken's sweet relief she felt Max's lips on her left nipple and she sighed, melting as he sucked the aching bud deep into his mouth. And then he began to roll it with his tongue, massaging so expertly that within seconds her moisture flowed as her body responded to his touch. The right nipple enjoyed the same loving attention and soon she was nothing more than a mass of quivering nerves.

Silken moaned, her body attune to his every touch, his every lick, his every nip. She was arching her back, pushing her nipple deeper into his mouth, when he pulled away.

She groaned. "Max, don't stop." Her voice was plaintive, so different from the Silken who was usually in charge, but she didn't care. She wanted him to soothe the fire he'd started and if she had to plead to get her release, then so be it.

But Max did not come back. She heard his feet padding across the floor and then he was gone. Just like that. Without a word.

What the beeswax?

Silken strained at the tie binding her wrists but she could not get free. That was the reward she got for teaching Max to tie a figure eight knot. Never again...

She was grumbling to herself when she heard Max's soft chuckle and that was when she realized that he was back in the room. "Where did you go?" she hissed. "You don't just leave me like this and go off-" Her sentence broke off in a yelp. She'd been slapped right in the belly by something ice-cold and slippery.

"Mmm, delicious."

Even as she squirmed she felt Max's lips on her, warming her skin as he licked at the ice cream he'd dropped there. Then he dropped the ice cream on her ni**les and followed the icy surprise with his personal method of consuming his dessert, his sweet and sensual way, slurping both ice-cream and nipple deep into his mouth.

And then, to Silken's horror, he moved down, directing his attack on that spot where her center of sensation lay.

And if he chose to stroke her there she would melt right into the bedclothes.

As she sucked in her breath to tell him not to go there, he dropped a dollop of ice cream right on her clit.

Silken gasped and her body jerked up, the shock of the icy, cold substance making her moan. She felt Max's body over hers and then he settled between her legs, spreading them apart, exposing her to his gaze. And then she felt it, his lips on her mound, his tongue licking the sweetness on her clit, sending sparks shooting up her spine, making her body melt into him.

"Mmm." The ice cream was all gone but still Max licked and teased, playing her body till she felt she'd die from the agony and the pleasure.

And as he licked she wanted to hold him...so bad. Instinctively, she pulled against her bonds but she was held tight. All she could do was relax and yield to the pleasure that flowed from his lips.

But then she realized that relaxing was something she could not do, not while Max was strumming her body and making it sing. Silken's breath came in shallow gasps and the tension within her grew, her body tightening with each stroke of his tongue, and when he slid lower to dip into the dewy warmth below, she cried out and arched up to receive him, crying his name over and over again as she cl**axed.

Max lay there hugging her h*ps as her body quaked then trembled then slowly settled into stillness, and then he lifted his head and planted a kiss at the top of her mound.

"Was that good for you, honey?" he asked as he began to move up and over her body.

"It was wonderful." She was still winded and the words came out in a breathless pant. She felt his hands behind her head, loosening the tie that hid her eyes. She was still blinking, trying to restore focus, as he loosened her wrists and set her free.

Immediately, she reached for him, sliding her hand down his belly. "It was sensational," she whispered as her hand circled his rock-hard penis, "but you didn't come yet and I want more."

***

That Sunday night Max didn't deliver Silken back at her apartment building until nine minutes after eleven. In the elevator she leaned against his body, feeling so languid and drained that she wished he would lift her up and carry her right to her door. But no, she couldn't ask him to do that. He was carrying all her camping gear. Instead, she rested her cheek against his chest and stifled a yawn.

At the door Max rested her bag just inside then turned to go but as he did, he pulled her into his arms. "Thank you for the most wonderful weekend," he said and gave her a peck on the cheek. "And apologize to Suave for me."

"For what?" she asked as she wrapped her arms around his waist.

"For having you out so late," he said with a rueful smile. "I know you have an early morning tomorrow. I didn't mean to get you back this late."

She shook her head. "It was my fault. I was the one who insisted on round two. But you know what?" She looked him right in the eyes, not caring what emotions he could plainly see there. "It was worth it." Then she drew his lips down for a real kiss.

When Max finally left, Silken closed the door gently and, leaving her bags right where he'd dropped them, she crossed the shadowy living room and headed off to bed.

And that was when she heard it - a racking cough followed by a terrible wheezing. And it was coming from Suave's bedroom.

Immediately, Silken turned around and ran back down the hallway. "Suave, are you all right?" She knocked at the door and when there was no answer she pushed it open.

There in the middle of the bed, all bundled up in sheets and blankets, lay Suave. And she was shaking.

"What's the matter?" Silken hurried across the room and pulled at the bedclothes hiding her sister. "What's going on?"

"It'th nothink. I jutht haff the flu." Suave sounded like she was submerged under a foot of water. Her voice was thick and hoarse, and it was obvious that her nostrils were totally blocked.

Silken rested her hand on her sister's forehead. She was burning with fever. "Oh, my God. Suave, you're really sick. Why didn't you call me?"

A fit of coughing overtook Suave and it took her a minute before she could reply. "I didn't want to bother you on your trip. It's all right. I can take care of myself."

"No, you can't." Silken glared down at her. "Look at you. You're shivering. You should have called me, Suave." Her voice rose in frustration because Suave was always trying to do things on her own even when it wasn't in her best interest. That was one thing, but the rise in the pitch of Silken's voice was also due to fear. What if something worse had happened to Suave while she'd been away? She hopped up and headed for the bathroom. "I'm getting the thermometer. If your temperature is over one hundred and four I'm taking you to the emergency room."

"No, Silken, it's okay. I already took some medication." The coughing started again, cutting Suave off.

But Silken was not listening. She was pissed, not at Suave but at herself. She should have known better than to go all that way out of town and not check up on her sister every single day. They'd spoken Friday night and then on Saturday afternoon but they hadn't spoken all day Sunday.

And then...Silken bit her lip as she remembered...and then she hadn't even come straight home. She'd gone to Max's house and made love while her sister lay in bed, roasting with fever.

The feeling of guilt was like a bitter pill in her mouth. She was supposed to be looking out for her little sister and this time she'd done a terrible job.

As she walked back to the bedroom, thermometer in hand, she vowed that no-one would come before her sister, and definitely not a man.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

To Silken's relief, Suave's fever broke within the hour but she still suffered from the guilt of having been away, totally unaware while her sister lay ill in bed. She'd meant it when she'd told herself she would never let it happen again. No matter that she was in a relationship, her sister would always come first.

And so she made Suave promise that no matter what she was doing or where she was, she would always let her big sis know when she was not one hundred percent. Actually, Silken didn't make her promise, she made her swear.

After that, life went back to normal and before Silken knew it, another month had passed and Thanksgiving was just over a month away. Not having any family outside of each other, Silken and Suave always spent the day serving meals at Martha's Kitchen, having also donated their usual half dozen turkeys. And even though Max was now a part of her life, this year would be no exception. Helping out at the soup kitchen meant too much to Silken for her to skip going down there to work.

Heck, she might even drag Max to the soup kitchen with her. She smiled at the thought. That would be nice, to have him serving right by her side, but she was almost certain he'd spend the day with his family. He'd talked about flying to the Cayman Islands to spend time with his parents. More than likely he'd choose that time of year to be with them. She would miss him but she'd be happy knowing that while she was busy at the kitchen he was having a good time with family.

And then one day, out of the blue, something happened that turned Silken's life upside down. Suave was thrown upside down with her.

It was a Monday evening and, like always, Suave collected the letters from the mailbox on the ground floor and took them up to the apartment where she piled them neatly on the table. They never usually went through the mail until after dinner but this evening there was one particular envelope that caught Silken's eye.

She picked it up, staring at the address label and frowned. "Wisconsin? Who do we know in Wisconsin?"

Suave pulled her head out of the refrigerator and looked at Silken, her brow furrowed. "Who's it from? The only person I can think of would be the doctor we went to see." Then her brows lifted. "Is it from him?"

Silken shook her head. "Nope. Some guy named Mr...." She squinted her eyes. "What the heck is this? Mr. Deeleef?"

Suave's eyes grew round. "Detlef. Do you mean Detlef? That's the name of the doctor's housekeeper." She flashed her hands. "Maybe the doctor's changed his mind. What are you waiting for? Open it."

Silken ripped open the envelope and spread the single sheet of paper on the kitchen table. Suave was there right by her side, anxiously reading the words aloud. "I regret to advise you of the passing of Dr. Pintero. However, he requested that upon his death the attached information be passed on to you. Please see the details on your birth mother."

Suave's words ended in a scream and she quickly flipped to the other sheet. And there they saw it - Meredith Hannah Shockley, forty-nine Oakwood Lane, Barksdale, Wisconsin. There was no phone number, no e-mail address but there was a full name, a city and a street, and that was enough. Silken screamed and hopped off the chair and Suave screamed and hugged her and then the two of them were hugging each other and jumping up and down, screaming their heads off.

When they finally stopped screaming they dropped down onto the kitchen chairs, panting.

"Can you believe it?" Suave said, her eyes still wide with disbelief. "We're going to find our mother." She looked up at the ceiling. "Thank you, God."

"I...I still can't believe it." Silken pushed her arm closer to her sister. "Pinch me. Tell me I'm not dreaming."

"You're not dreaming," Suave said with a laugh, "or else we'd be having the same exact dream. This is like the best day ever." There were tears in her eyes as she looked back down at the letter. "And Dr. Pintero helped us in the end, and we won't ever get the chance to thank him."

"It's okay," Silken whispered, patting her hands. "I'm sure he knows how grateful we are for this chance of a lifetime." She drew in her breath and let it out with a sigh. "Now our journey begins," she said, as she gazed out the window. "It's time to find our mother."

***

When Silken told Max the good news he immediately got involved. "I have the perfect P.I. who can help you locate her," he said. "With all this information, she'll be easy to find."

And he was right. Within four days of passing on their mother's name and address to the private investigator he was contacting them with concrete information on her current whereabouts.

"She hasn't moved around much," he told them, "which made it a whole lot easier for me. She's been pretty much in and around the Madison area all her life."

They learned that she was now Mrs. Meredith Albright, the wife of a pastor who ran a church in Baraboo, mother of a twenty-two year old son and an eighteen-year-old daughter. That surprised Silken. Their mother had started a family soon after giving them up. Still, she didn't dwell on it. Right now all she wanted to do was find their mother.

"How can we reach her?" she asked as she and Suave sat huddled close to the speaker on the phone, intent on catching every word that the P.I. said. "Is it okay if we call?"

"No. Let me handle it for the moment. This is a very sensitive matter." Russell Banner's voice was firm. "I know you're anxious but we have to take this slow. Remember, your mother specifically requested that her identity never be revealed." There was a slight pause then he said, "The only reason the doctor even gave you this information is because he's gone. She can't sue him in the grave."

Silken and Suave looked at each other, both obviously thinking the same thing. It was a sobering thought, the idea of their mother even wanting to sue. Why would she? Wouldn't she be thrilled to finally see her daughters again?

In the end they agreed to make Mr. Banner make first contact with Meredith. It would dampen the shock, he said, allow her time to adjust to the idea that her girls wanted to see her and be a part of her life.

Then finally, in the first week of November, they got the news. Meredith had agreed to see them. If they could fly out to Wisconsin the following week she would meet them in Madison at Michelangelo's Coffee House on State Street and they could talk.

For all that week both twins were on edge, anxiously awaiting the arrival of that long anticipated day when they would see their mother's face for the first time. She would open her arms to them, tears in her eyes, and hug them to her, begging them to forgive her for letting them go.

They would forgive her, of course, because she would have a good reason for giving them up. Maybe she had been too young or too poor to care for them and she'd only wanted what was best.

Silken and Suave flew into Madison, Wisconsin, the day before the appointed date and rented a car through the hotel's concierge. They planned to arrive at their meeting place half an hour early. There was nothing that would make them late for the most important meeting of their lives.

And then the day of the meeting dawned. Finally. That morning Silken was particularly meticulous as she applied her make-up and fixed her hair. She brushed the unruly curls straight then pinned them up in a bun on top of her head.

Suave, who'd been watching her the whole time, shook her head. "You look like you're going to a job interview. I don't think we have to look so severe." She'd left her own hair loose, letting it fall around her shoulders.

"Well, at least she'll be able to tell us apart." Silken bit her lip. "I'm just so nervous. I want to look presentable. I want her to like us."

Suave came over and put an arm around her shoulder. "I'm sure she will." Then she gave a soft chuckle. "What's not to like?"

Silken rolled her eyes. "A lot, where I'm concerned. You know I'm famous for putting my foot in my mouth." She put up a hand to touch Suave's arm. "If I say anything stupid just kick me, okay? Don't let me make a fool of myself."

Suave squeezed her hand. "You know I will but, trust me, you'll be fine."

Suave made to step past but Silken stopped her. There was one thing that had been on her mind ever since the meeting had been arranged. Maybe it was nothing but she couldn't help but wonder...

"Why do you think she told us to meet her at a coffee house? How come she didn't invite us to her house?"

Suave tilted her head, seeming to think it through. Then she shrugged. "She probably wanted to get to meet us first before introducing us to her family."

Silken nodded. "I guess you're right." Then she sighed. "It's the nerves, making me worry about nothing. What's wrong with me? This is so not me."

"I know but who can blame you? I'm nervous, too." Suave's eyes shone. "Can you believe it? We're finally going to meet our mother."

Silken and Suave arrived at the coffee house early and sat in the car for almost twenty minutes, watching the entrance just in case Meredith came early, too. She'd said she'd be wearing a pink sweater with black piping and a black skirt. No-one fitting that description went through the door the whole time they sat there so, at ten minutes before the noon hour, they went in and found a table that was partially secluded but by the window. Here, they could see everyone who came in and out.

They'd been sitting there for fifteen minutes when Suave gave Silken a worried look. "She's late. Do you think something's wrong?"

Silken shook her head. "It's only five minutes past twelve. She's probably caught in traffic." She got up, taking her purse with her. "I'd better go order some coffee till she gets here."

"I'll have tea, please. Chamomile." Silken nodded and headed off to the counter. She'd given Silken a casual answer but she would be lying if she said a twinge of concern hadn't crept into her mind as well. But they were worrying about nothing, she was sure. They just needed to exercise patience.

But when twelve-twenty came with no sign of a pink-and-black suited woman, Silken voiced the thought that had now begun to consume her. "What if she changed her mind and doesn't show up at all?"

Now it was Suave's turn to reassure her. "She will. I just know she will." The words came out more like a prayer than a declaration.

And, as if God had been listening, the door to the coffee house swung open and a tiny dark-haired woman wearing a pink top and black skirt entered the room.

Suave gasped. "There she is. And she looks just like us."

"And so young." Silken stared at the woman who looked more like their sister than their mother. Like Silken, she'd drawn her hair up in a bun, but a couple of tendrils had escaped and hung around her face, giving her a soft, innocent look. Her dark-brown eyes scanned the room and when they landed on the twins they saw that one thing they'd been yearning for all these years - instant recognition.

She did not wave nor did she smile but she immediately headed in their direction, her purse clutched tightly to her side.

When she got to their table, both Silken and Suave rose up but they said nothing. For that brief moment all they could do was stare.

Then Silken spoke. "M...Meredith?" She'd almost said 'mother' but caught herself just in time. She'd wanted to say mother but instinctively she knew they weren't at that stage yet.

"Yes," the woman said as she looked from one to the other. Her eyes wide, she stared at them for a full five seconds before she said another word. "You're so alike. I can't...which one of you is Suave and which is Silken?"

Smiling, Silken lifted a hand. "Silken here."

"And I'm Suave." Suave stretched out her hand and the woman took it without hesitation.

"And I'm Meredith," she said as she shook Suave's hand. "Meredith Albright."

It sounded so formal but Silken could only guess that Meredith was just as nervous about the meeting as they were. Probably even more so. At least she and Suave had the advantage of knowing they'd been searching for her for months. Years, actually. But Meredith, she'd probably been blindsided when she'd been told her daughters wanted to meet her.

They all sat down then Silken drew in a deep breath. "I hope you don't mind that we tracked you down like this..."

Suave put a hand on her arm, stopping her. She gave Meredith a soft, almost apologetic smile. "What can I get you? Coffee? Tea?"

Meredith shook her head. "Nothing, thanks. I can't stay long." She was clutching her purse tightly again, and drew it closer on her lap.

Silken almost frowned. She had to fight to keep her expression bland. What did she mean she couldn't stay long? After not seeing them their entire lifetime? And what had happened to the bear hug, the tears in her eyes and the expressions of regret? This was not going like she'd expected.

The smile on Suave's face disappeared and she drew her hands in and laid them on her lap. Silken knew what that meant. Her sister was prepared to wait patiently for an explanation. She would not be the one to ask.

Silken would not - could not - hold it in. "Why not? We came all this way to see you and you can't stay? You're the one who chose this date and time."

Under the table, Suave bumped her knee against Silken's leg. Too late, though. Silken had already spoken her mind and now the ball was in Meredith's court.

"I know," she said, and Silken thought she detected a hint of regret in her voice. "Maybe I shouldn't have."

This time Silken didn't bother to hide her frown. "Shouldn't have what? Come?"

Meredith didn't answer. She dropped her eyes then glanced away, looking like she'd rather be anywhere but there. The knuckles clutching her purse were white. "I told Mr. Banner it wasn't a good idea but he told me how much you both wanted this." She drew in a trembling breath. "This is very hard for me," she said then she shook her head and bit down on her bottom lip. "I told him just this once, just to make you understand."

Silken glanced over at Suave and the sadness in her eyes told her that her sister, too, had picked up on those significant words their mother had spoken. Just this once...which meant that after today they'd probably never see her again.

"I never wanted you to find me," Meredith blurted out. "I wanted to put that part of my life behind me. Forever."

Silken felt the ice-cold knife of rejection slice through her heart. There would be no happy reunion today because Meredith did not want them.

"Why?" she asked as she stared in confusion at the woman who sat across from them, their own flesh and blood, and yet a stranger. "Why would you hate us?"

Meredith looked up, her eyes wide with surprise. "I don't hate you. But I don't...I can't...have you in my life." She dropped her eyes again and shook her head. "I just can't."

"Why not?" It was Suave's voice that now rose up, strident and filled with pain.

"Try to understand. I can't afford for this to get out." Meredith's voice was low now, and she leaned closer across the table as if to prevent anyone from overhearing a word of their conversation. "That's why I asked you to meet me here and not in Baraboo. I'm a pastor's wife, First Lady of our church. This must never get out."

She drew in a deep breath then for the first time since she'd walked in the door she released her grasp on her purse and laid it on the table. She clasped her hands in front of her, looking like she was about to say a word of prayer. "I was seventeen when it happened. I don't know how I could have been so stupid."

Silken held her breath, waiting for Meredith to say it but she didn't. Finally she blurted it out. "What happened? Were you raped?" It was awful to even think it but she had to know.

"No, not that." Eyes wide, as if surprised Silken would even suggest it, she shook her head. "I was in love. Just...with the wrong man." Then her lips took on a bitter twist. "He was married. He told me how much he loved me, that his marriage was in shambles and he'd be leaving his wife soon." She laughed and it was a sad, hollow sound. "It never happened. It turns out that was just a lie to get me to sleep with him. And when he found out I was pregnant he laid the blame squarely at my feet. That's the woman's responsibility, he said, to make sure things like this never happen." Meredith looked up at them and the pain in her eyes was still raw. "I was only seventeen. A child!"

She paused and looked away as if she'd gone back to that time, back to that world. Then, slowly, her eyes refocused. "I grew up dirt poor. There was no way I could raise two children on my own. And Emmett," she shook her head, "he wanted nothing to do with me after that. That was when I found out what scum he was." She shrugged but her lips were tight. "Soon, I was on my own and big as a house. My mother had been dead a year. I did the only thing I could do. I went to live with the nuns, had the babies, then moved on with my life."

"That must have been so hard."

At Suave's words Silken turned to glare at her. She was actually being sympathetic when the woman had given them away and not looked back. Typical Suave.

"Then God blessed me." For the first time since she'd started speaking, a light shone in Meredith eyes. "A few months after I went back to Baraboo I attended a camp meeting led by a wonderful young pastor. The first time I saw him there on that pulpit, I fell in love."

Silken almost rolled her eyes but this time she exercised self-control. Meredith was probably talking about her husband.

"Pastor Albright," she said, her face glowing. "I went to every one of those meetings and I was among the first ones to be baptized. And then," her voice became hushed, "the pastor asked to see me privately and that was when he told me he had taken a special interest in me and would like to invite me to have dinner with him. We were married five months later." Her story over, she looked at Suave and Silken with earnest eyes. "So you see, I couldn't possibly have you in my life. I moved on, made a new life for myself. That part of me doesn't exist anymore."

"So your husband, he doesn't know about us?" Suave's voice was faint.

Meredith gasped. "How could he? When we married he thought I was a virgin." Her face reddened as she realized what she'd said. She frowned but then she spoke again. "He was a virgin when we married so he didn't have experience in such things. I decided never to let him know any different." Then she sat back and grasped her purse and hugged it to her stomach. "Now do you see why I can't have you in my life? Jeremy would be devastated. He'd know I lied. And my family, my kids, how could I do that to them?"

How indeed? Silken could only stare at the woman in disbelief - their mother, the one who would never claim them as her own because she'd created a whole new life for herself, the perfect life with a husband, two kids and the white picket fence. The perfect pastor's wife. And how could she and Suave dare come in and disturb that idyllic picture?

"So you don't want us in your life?"

Silken closed her eyes. Please, Suave, don't sound so pathetic. She expelled a slow breath and, her hand hidden under the table, she reached over to give her sister's leg a sympathetic squeeze.

"I'm sorry," Meredith said and this time her voice was resolute. "I can't. I only came here to make you understand why."

"I'm sorry," she said again but this time she was rising as she spoke. "Please don't try to contact me again."

She gave Silken and Suave one last look and Silken could not help wondering if there was a glint of regret there...or maybe it was just a figment of her still desperately hopeful imagination.

She never got a chance for a second look. Meredith turned, purse clutched to her breast, and hurried out the door.

For long moments they just sat there, staring at the door through which their mother - no, Meredith - had departed. Then finally Silken let out her breath on a grunt. "Well, that's that, I guess."

Suave didn't answer. Her shoulders slumped and she dropped her forehead onto her palm. "It's over," she whispered, the hurt in her voice almost breaking Silken's heart. "We'll never be part of her family."

And although her own heart was bleeding tears right then, Silken shifted closer to her sister and put her arm around her shoulder. "It's all right, Suave. You and me, we're family and always will be."

Her head against Silken's shoulder, Suave nodded but she said nothing. She probably couldn't say a word.

And Silken could relate to that because in her own throat was a lump that was growing bigger with each passing moment and if she didn't get out of there, and soon, she was afraid that lump would choke her...or she would burst into tears.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Max caught himself pacing back and forth in his living room. Again. He had to stop this.

With a sigh he walked to the den and flopped down then flipped the TV to the sports channel. He was wound tight and he would not relax till Silken walked in the door.

She'd got back from Wisconsin late the night before, calling to say the flight had been delayed, but that she and Suave were home safe and they were heading to bed. He'd immediately asked how things had gone but her answer was noncommittal, just a mumble that she'd come over and see him next evening and she'd tell him all about it then.

And now it was evening and she still wasn't here.

Heaving a sigh, he put his feet up on the rest, trying to relax. Truth be told, he couldn't figure out why he was so anxious. This was all about their mother, not his. But the fact that Silken was involved put him on edge. He just wanted to know that she was all right.

It was the strangest thing but this girl had dug so far under his skin that it was like she was a part of him, a part he could not live without. She'd carved out a place inside his heart and its every beat reminded him of her.

Max laughed, just thinking about it. He'd heard the phrase, 'the taming of the shrew' but in this case the shrew had done the taming and he was the one at the receiving end of the lesson...a lesson in love.

Because as much as he loved to play the tough guy, Silken McCullen was the only woman who could ever bring him to his knees.

It wasn't until almost seven o'clock that Max finally heard Silken's car pull up in the driveway. He met her at the door and when he saw her face he knew that her meeting with Meredith Albright had gone all wrong.

He led her into the den. "Speak to me," he said, watching the emotions flash across her face - anger, frustration, sorrow and pain. And then her mouth tightened in a determined line.

Silken didn't sit. Like a caged tiger she began to pace the room just like he'd done just hours before. "She doesn't want us," she said, her nostrils flaring. "She's got a new life as First Lady of her church. She doesn't want us messing up her fairy-tale life."

Max frowned. "Did she say that?"

"Not in those exact words but that was pretty much her position. She only agreed to meet with us so she could make us understand." The last words came out like a snarl.

But as Max watched Silken he could see that she wasn't quite as tough as she was pretending to be. Even as she bristled, her brows furrowed, her lips tight and her back tense, she would not look him in the eyes. And it was the eyes that said it all.

Max walked over to her and put his hands on her shoulders, stilling her agitated movements. Then, gently, he placed a finger under her chin and raised her face toward his.

Silken's eyelids fluttered then she looked up at him and the pain, the soul-searing pain she was suffering, brimmed up in her eyes and spilled over onto her flushed cheeks.

"Silken," Max said as he looked into her eyes, "I'm sorry."

At his words her face crumpled and a sob burst from her lips. "I'm sorry, too, Max. So sorry. I wish she could have loved us." Then she dropped her face to his chest and cried like her heart was breaking in two.

And there were no words to comfort her. All Max could do was hold her, press her to his heart and let her wash away the pain with her tears.

"Let it all out, my darling," he soothed. "Let it all out. I'm here for you."

Minutes passed before the racking sobs quieted and Silken's body stilled in his arms. Then she heaved a sigh that seemed to come from the depths of her soul. "I'm okay now," she whispered. "I'll be fine."

She made to pull away but he tightened his arms around her then bent to lift her up. He carried her up the stairs and straight to his bedroom. There, Max made love to Silken - slow, gentle, sweet love. It was his way of drying her tears, making her forget. When she clung to his shoulders and exploded with him deep inside her, he'd never heard a sweeter sound than Silken calling out his name. And he wanted to keep hearing that sound over and over and over again, for as long as he was on this earth.

That night when Silken fell asleep in his arms for a long time he just held her, stroking her hair, watching her sleep. When she finally stirred and opened her eyes he was still holding her, smiling down into her still sleepy face.

"Did I snore?" she asked with a crooked smile, not looking at all perturbed by the possibility.

"As usual," he said, his smile widening, "and it was the sweetest sound I could ever want to hear. It's a sound," he said as he brushed her lips with his, "that I want to hear every night when I close my eyes to sleep."

Silken gave a tiny frown and she tilted her head as she looked up at him. "You like being kept awake by my snoring?"

"Love it." He dipped his head to kiss her on her soft, full lips. Then he tightened his arms around her. When he lifted his head again and looked at her he knew it was the right time.

"Silken," he said, "there's a question I need to ask you and I hope your answer will be yes."

Her frown deepened and this time she gave him a look of suspicion. Then her eyes widened. "Wh...what do you want to ask me?" In her face was an endearing mixture of anticipation and apprehension.

Max smiled. "Maybe I should do this on my knees," he said and laid her on the pillows. Sliding off the bed, he turned and knelt down and took her hand in his. Now he could truly say that she'd brought him to his knees in both senses of the word.

"Silken McCullen," he said as he held her trembling hand in his, "will you marry me?"

Silken's hand tightened around his and for the second time that evening he watched her lips tremble and her face dissolve into tears.

Still holding his hand she slid off the bed and knelt on the floor beside him. Then she laid her head gently on his bare chest. "Yes," she whispered, "I will marry you." Then she lifted her face to his and now she was smiling through the tears. "Yes," she said, her voice now strong and brimming with confidence. "Maximillian Davidoff, I will marry you." She lifted her hands to cup his face. "I love you," she whispered.

And that was all he needed to hear.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

"Will you hurry up? He'll be here in a minute."

Suave stood at the door, baseball cap in hand, already dressed in a light jacket and carrying her lunch kit of healthy snacks - carrot sticks, apples, raisins and rice cakes. No hot dogs or pop for her. No, sir.

Silken, as usual, was running behind. She'd just come out of the shower and was dragging on her jeans and stuffing her feet into sneakers, both at the same time. "Coming," she yelled back. "Just a sec."

Today was a special day for Max and so, of course, it was special for Silken as well. Today was the grand opening of Max's baby, the Cupertino NASCAR Racetrack, and they would all be there to share the joy with him. Reed had already flown in from London, Duke would be meeting them on location, and Max would be picking up Silken and Suave.

And there was one other little thing that was making Silken both happy and nervous at the same time. Today she would meet Max's parents and she would be introduced as his fiancee.

Her heart did a little lurch every time she thought about it. What if they didn't like her? What if she was too loud, too brash, or just too ordinary for their son?

And she knew exactly who would think that. His mother. The father, she was sure she could charm, but the mothers were always harsh, always judgmental, and impossible to please. Even if she were Kate Middleton, faced with the impending loss of her son to marriage, the typical mother would still find some fault with the wife-to-be.

Downstairs in the lobby as she stood looking out for Max's car, she let out a soft sigh. Well, at least the parents wouldn't be in the car with him. Max had told her that Duke would be taking them with him. With just her, Suave and Max in the car, she wouldn't worry about what lay ahead. She would just relax and enjoy the ride.

When the SUV pulled up in front of the building she waved to Max then hurried outside. As Suave climbed into the back seat she hopped into the passenger seat beside Max. "Excited?" she asked, knowing that was a stupid question. Of course he was excited. His dream was coming to life.

"What do you think?" He gave her a broad smile and a quick kiss then turned to give Suave her good morning greeting. Then they were off.

The trip to the racetrack would only take a half hour or so and Silken planned to make full use of the time to prepare herself for what lay ahead. She shifted in her seat, rested her elbow on the storage compartment between their seats and rested her chin in her palm. "So tell me," she said to Max, "what are they like?"

He gave her a quick glance then his eyes returned to the road. "My parents? They're okay. Pretty laid back, to tell you the truth. They don't let things bother them."

"Do you think I would bother them?"

Max gave a soft chuckle. "Not unless you confuse the heck out of them like you did me, the first time we met."

She crinkled her nose. "That was just a rare, unfortunate incident."

"Brought on by a certain person's impetuous nature." That was Suave, putting in her two cents.

"Hey," Silken said, turning to look at her, "you're supposed to be on my side."

Suave laughed. "I am. But I also have to be honest."

Silken gave her a fake frown then turned her attention back to Max. "So who's the laid back one? Your mom or your dad? It can't be both of them."

Max seemed to give the question some thought. "Since you put it that way, I'd say my dad. Mom's cool but when the situation calls for it, she's more of a no-nonsense kind of person."

Silken almost groaned. Why was it always the mother who was the bear?

"Do you think she'll like me?" she asked, beginning to get worried all over again. She sat back in her seat and smoothed her hand down her shirt. "Do you think I should have worn something nicer? Used make up, maybe?"

"Will you stop worrying? What you're wearing is perfect and she'll love you." He reached over and gave her leg a squeeze. "I guarantee it."

Silken knitted her brow and pushed out her bottom lip then drew it back in. "I just hope you're right."

When they got to the racetrack, Max took them straight to the reserved area where Duke and Reed were already seated and there, between them, sat a distinguished-looking couple - the matriarch and patriarch of the Davidoff clan. The man was tall, surprisingly taller than all his sons, probably somewhere in the region of six foot two or three. Even though he was seated it was obvious he was taller as the top of his baseball cap was close to an inch above theirs. Sticking out from the back of the cap Silken could see his dark hair with its scattered streaks of gray. He had an angular profile and strong jaw and even from a distance, no matter what Max had said about his being laid back, she could see that he was not a man to take lightly.

Mrs. Davidoff, on the other hand, looked totally relaxed as she leaned against her husband's arm, looking over onto the racetrack below. She hadn't seen them yet so Silken had the opportunity to take a good look at her future mother-in-law.

She'd let her long, black hair fall free to flow over her shoulders and down her back and Silken could see a few strands of gray. The soft smile on her face made her look approachable and pleasant and it made Silken wonder if Max had gotten his parents mixed up. Based on what she could see, Mrs. Davidoff looked like the easy-going one. Now she didn't know what to believe. To be on the safe side, she would have to tread carefully with both of them.

And then it was time for the introductions. It wasn't the ideal place, not with the amount of noise in the stadium, but they made do. Max took Silken's hand and took her through the stands to where his parents sat. As soon as they saw Max they waved, both of them sporting broad smiles. Duke and Reed greeted them, too, then Duke waved Suave over to sit in the free seat beside him.

When they got close, Max pulled her in front of him. "Mom, Dad, I'd like you to meet Silken, the wonderful woman who'll be making a good man out of me."

"Pleased to meet you, Silken." Mr. Davidoff reached out to take her hand and the fingers that wrapped around hers were warm and strong. "We've heard a lot about you. Great to put a face to the name."

As soon as he released her Mrs. Davidoff took her hand, and where her husband's hand had been big and callused, hers was soft and tiny, almost like a child's. Still, her handshake was anything but weak. "Welcome to the family," she said. "We have a lot of catching up to do." She patted Silken's hand. "We'll talk later."

And that was it, at least for the moment. Silken was smiling as she waved goodbye and went with Max to find their seats but her smile hid a tiny prick of apprehension. Mother Davidoff was planning to have a talk with her later and she was not at all sure she was looking forward to that. When Suave had called her impetuous she'd been right. She just hoped that side of her didn't rear its ugly head while she was under interrogation.

As she sat down beside Max and he put his arm around her, she leaned her head against his shoulder and a renegade thought sneaked into her mind. Suave always knew the right things to say. Could she ask her sister to represent her during the daughter-in-law-to-be interview? But as soon as the thought entered her mind she shook it free. No, that would not do. She was the one marrying Max, not Suave. It was only fair that his mother should know exactly what her son was getting into. She would just have to face her fear.

After a successful first day at the racetrack, a day filled with the roars of high-powered engines, cheers and screams, it was an exhausted Silken who piled into the back of Max's SUV. "You take the front seat," she told Suave. "I need a nap."

"Not too much, now," Max said as he buckled up. "We're heading over to Duke's, remember? We're all going to have dinner there. My parents want to get to know you guys."

"Me, too?" Suave glanced over at him.

"Of course, you, too. You're part of the family. Don't think that just because you're the sister you're going to escape the cross examination."

Silken groaned. "Do we have to?"

"Yes, you have to. Now relax. They'll be gone in another couple of days and then your life will be back to normal."

In the end, the evening didn't turn out to be quite the torture that Silken was expecting. The atmosphere was so casual at Duke's place that she began to wonder what she'd been so uptight about. There was no fancy dinner food, just hot dogs, hamburgers and barbecued chicken that Duke prepared himself. And he roped everybody into the dinner-making project with Daddy Davidoff making lemonade, Mother Davidoff whipping up a batch of Duke's favorite cupcakes - he begged her till she gave in to his pitiful whines - Suave making the salad, Max doing the potato salad and Silken roasting corn in the husk. The only lazy one was Reed who complained that he had absolutely no talent in the kitchen. Duke ended up sending him out to get ice cream.

The whole evening they were all so busy preparing food then gobbling down helping after helping that there was really not much talking going on...and definitely no 'sit down and get to know you' interview. As they worked together in the massive kitchen, laughing and getting into one another's way, the Davidoff parents, and especially the mother, shot off questions to Silken and even to Suave, but while she was bustling around Silken was so relaxed that she shot the answers right back. She didn't skip a beat.

By the time they'd finished dinner and sprawled in the TV room with dessert, they were all pretty much knocked out. Mr. Davidoff - he'd told Silken and Suave to call him Herbert - was dead to the world, stretched out in the reclining chair, half a bowl of uneaten ice cream melting in his lap. Mrs. Davidoff - now Charlene to Silken and Suave - stifled a yawn then got up to pry the bowl from her sleeping husband's grasp.

Duke and Reed were sitting on the big sofa, Suave between them, as they watched the last few scenes of Madagascar. Silken had commandeered the love seat and dragged Max over to it so she could curl up beside him. His body was so big and warm and she felt so comfy that she didn't know how she'd budge when it was time to head home. She felt like she could stay like this all night.

But, of course, she couldn't. The movie ended and then it was time to go. Uncurling her body from where it had been tucked into Max's side, she slid off the seat and stretched. Then she reached out her hand to pull him to his feet. "C'mon, buddy. Time to take us home."

When they got to the apartment building and Suave had gone inside to bed, Silken walked Max back to the elevator. There, she wrapped her arms around his waist and pulled him into her. "I had a wonderful day with your parents. You were right. They're really cool."

He smiled down at her. "Glad you think so. And, based on what I heard through the grapevine, they think you're cool, too."

She tilted her head. "What grapevine?"

He put up a hand to stroke her hair. "The one where my mom pulls me into the living room when nobody's watching and tells me she really, really likes you."

Silken's eyes widened and her mouth fell open. "She didn't. Really?"

Max smiled. "Really." He dipped his head and gave her a smack right on her parted lips. Then he pulled away, a look of regret in his eyes.

"I wish I could have had you tonight but I guess I'll have to wait."

And then, as he stepped into the elevator and the door began to close, he yelled the words that made her eyes smart with sudden tears.

"Did I tell you? Mom always dreamed of having a daughter."

The elevator door closed so she couldn't give him her answer. Instead, she whispered it to herself. "And I've always dreamed of having a mom."

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Time was flying like the wind and Silken wanted to slow it down and speed it up both at the same time. Her wedding day was fast approaching and there was still so much to be done. She needed more time. On the other hand, she could hardly wait for the day when she would walk down the aisle and take Max's hand in marriage. She was caught smack in the middle of a tug-of-war that was driving her round the bend.

"You need some time off," Suave told her. "You need to focus. The wedding is just a month away. Don't bother to come into work this week. I'll hold the fort while you finalize your wedding plans."

"Are you sure?" Silken had never left Suave alone before. She'd always been there to share the workload.

"Very sure." Suave gave her a little push toward the door. "I want everything to be perfect on your wedding day. Now meet the wedding planner and tie up all those loose ends. Go on, get out of here."

And so Silken went and she was happy she did. You never knew how much it took to plan a wedding until you were in the middle of it yourself. Even with the services of a wedding planner it was a lot of work. She wanted to be sure things went just right. After all, this wasn't just her wedding. This was a Davidoff wedding and that meant it had to be perfect.

The fact that Max didn't seem to be worrying himself about anything was small consolation to Silken. Typical man, he didn't care if the wedding ceremony took place in a palace, on a beach, or in the back of a pick-up truck. He just wanted to show up, stick the ring on her finger and move her into the house where he could make love to her twenty-four-seven if he so desired. And, knowing Max, he would probably so desire pretty often.

But Silken knew better than to take the affair so lightly. This would be the most important day of her life. Not only that, but the world would be watching. She had to get it right. And even more scary, Mother Davidoff would be watching.

And, as nice as she'd been on the visit when the track opened, the last thing Silken wanted to do was give the family's mother hen reason to regret her son's choice of bride.

And so she went all out, spending the entire first week of May on the road, leaving Suave to run the show until she got back.

And then, just three weeks before her wedding day, a tsunami of disaster barreled in and Silken's world came crashing down around her.

***

"Silken, can you head back to the office? Something's going on with Suave and I can't figure it out." Bill's voice came crackling into the phone, the sound weak like he was out of range. One thing came over loud and clear, though. He was worried.

A feeling of dread rose inside Silken. She gripped the cell phone tighter. "What's wrong? Is Suave hurt?" She'd made sure to put Suave in charge of the books, particularly because she wanted to keep her out of the work area and out of harm's way. Now it looked like her plan had failed.

"No, nothing like that. She looked pale when she came in this morning but she insisted she was all right. But then by lunchtime she came over and said she felt weird, like half of her was numb and the other half was tingling. But still, she didn't look sick..." His voice trailed off as if something was distracting him.

"And then what, Bill? What happened? Where is she?" Silken's heart pounded as she waited for the news. Dear God, please let Suave be all right.

"And then she started walking funny, like she was off balance, and she said she felt dizzy."

Oh, Jesus. A stroke. "Where is she, Bill?" Silken yelled. "Can she talk? Call an ambulance."

"No, no, she can talk. She's fully conscious. And I know what you're thinking but this doesn't look like a stroke."

"Put her on the phone, Bill. Let me talk to my sister. Now." It took her frenzied shout to shock Bill out of his seeming stupor. Within two seconds Suave was on the phone.

"Silken," she said, her voice weak, "I don't feel too good."

"What's the matter, honey? Where does it hurt?" Silken had to fight to keep the fear out of her voice.

"It doesn't. I just don't feel right. And my body...it's going numb all over."

"I'm calling 911 right now."

"No, don't," Suave said, her voice breathless. "Can you come?"

"I'm on the highway, heading to you right now. Just hang in there."

When Silken hung up she had to bite her lip to keep a sob from escaping. Suave's question cut her to the quick. Can you come? There was nothing that could keep her away.

But what made things worse was that she knew she'd left a huge burden on Suave's shoulders and her sister ended up paying the price...all for the sake of Silken's happiness. She would never forgive herself for that.

When Silken arrived at the office eleven minutes later she wasted no time in bundling Suave into the car and rushing her off to the emergency room. There she ran into another frustration - a three-hour wait. What part of emergency didn't these people get?

Finally, after Silken had practically worn a path in the coarse carpet with all her pacing, Suave was wheeled inside for a battery of tests - blood, urine, ECG and MRI. The good news was, they could find absolutely nothing wrong with her...which was also the bad news. Nobody could pinpoint what was wrong with Suave. And as long as they couldn't figure it out they were not letting her back out the door.

That evening Silken did not leave Suave's side. When her sister drifted off to sleep she was still holding her hand. When Max came, carrying a brown paper bag and a cup of coffee, she was still sitting there, the thoughts racing through her head, the guilt eating into her heart.

"Any news?" Max asked as he sank into the empty chair beside her.

Silken shook her head. "Not yet." Her voice was hoarse from lack of use. She drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly, trying not to look as scared as she felt. What if this was a really serious illness? What if...

She couldn't even think it. If anything happened to her sister she would just die.

"I brought you some dinner," Max said, setting the bag on the nearby tray and putting out a Styrofoam container and a fork.

"I don't want any." She didn't even have the strength to be gracious.

He shook his head. "You have to eat. You'll have to stay strong so you can help Suave." He lifted the lid and the smell of sweet and sour chicken rose into the air. "Now come on. Eat."

When Max put the fork to her lips Silken opened her mouth and let him lay the succulent meat on her tongue. The sweet tang made her shudder, her taste buds shocked by the sudden stimulation. She hadn't eaten in eight hours and as she swallowed the first morsel her stomach growled.

With Max's help Silken got through almost half the meal but as soon as the food had taken the edge off her hunger she pushed his hand away. She had more important things to do than worry about her stomach.

She had to know what was happening to Suave.

***

It took another twenty-four hours and a second round of tests before the doctors came back with a diagnosis. Suave's symptoms were the manifestation of a disease of the nerves, brain and spinal cord. They determined that she had Multiple Sclerosis.

"What? How could that be? Suave's been strong and healthy all her life." Silken's eyes flew from the ER doctor to the neurologist. "She eats healthy, too. She's practically a vegetarian. How could this be happening to her?"

The neurologist drew in her breath and her face was grim. "We did the second set of MRI's with contrast. The ink allowed us to see the lesions on the brain for the first time. Those lesions plus the symptoms she's been experiencing make it close to certain that what your sister has is MS."

"But isn't that a disease that can paralyze?" Silken felt like they'd just dropped her heart inside a lead box. She was glad Suave wasn't in the room.

"Yes." The ER doctor folded his arms across his chest. "And that's why we have to proceed cautiously in handling this patient. Severe stress can exacerbate the condition." Then he frowned. "I meant to ask you, has she been under any undue stress lately? That's the primary trigger for this disease."

Those were the worst words the doctor could have said to Silken because it made her realize that what Suave was going through was all her fault. Because of her selfish behavior, focusing on her wedding and leaving all the work pressure on her sister, she'd put her under stress and made her sick. And this time, she wasn't sick with anything as benign as the flu. She'd heard about MS and that it was a disease that made you progressively disabled over time and there was no known cure. How could she have done that to her beloved sister?

That night after Suave had been discharged and Silken took her home to bed, she sat by her bedroom window staring out into the night. There was no way she could sleep. Not tonight when she had so much on her mind. Starting the following week Suave would have to begin getting daily injections in the large muscle in her leg. According to the doctors, this was her only hope of slowing down the disease. The sad thing was, the drug was only thirty percent effective but the list of side effects was long, the worst of which was damage to the liver.

Silken sighed. From here on Suave would be faced with a difficult life, with the best case scenario being that they kept things under control and staved off disability for several years. The worst case? It could be as bad as ending up being bedridden and suffering from depression and cognitive impairment.

And who would be there to care for Suave if that ever happened?

Through her tears, Silken stared up at the crescent moon glowing in its inky-blue sea. "Oh, God," she whispered on a trembling breath, "why didn't you let it be me?"

CHAPTER TWENTY

"You're not serious." Max felt like he'd just been hit by a freight train. "Our wedding is in two weeks."

"Was." Silken's shoulders sagged and her voice sounded old, like she'd already lived a thousand lives. "I can't marry you, Max. Not under the circumstances." She shook her head then looked away.

Max felt like she'd grabbed his heart and ripped it out by the roots. Fighting for composure, he reached out and took her hand in his. "Silken, I know you love your sister and I respect you for that but how can you say that? This decision, it will affect the rest of your life...and mine."

Her face still averted, she drew in a deep breath then let it out slowly. "I'm sorry but it can't be helped." Then she sniffed. "You'll move on, find someone else and I...I'll survive."

"Look at me, Silken." He was not going to take that from her, not when he couldn't see her eyes. He had to know if she truly meant what she was saying. "Tell me you don't love me and I'll walk away. But as long as you love me, as long as there's hope, I can't let you go. Not like this."

For a long time he stared down at her lowered head then, slowly, she lifted her face and looked into his eyes.

And as he looked back at her those eyes he'd grown to love so much were now deep, dark pools of sorrow.

"Let me go, Max," she said, her voice gone cool and distant. "I can't...I don't love you anymore."

***

"I've been doing a lot of research," Suave said, her face glowing as she walked into Silken's room, "and there's hope for me yet."

Silken smiled, not wanting to burst Suave's bubble but not wanting her to hang on to false hope, either. "What did you find out this time?"

"Remember I told you when I was browsing on the net last week that I found this book written by a lady in the UK who's had MS over thirty-five years?"

"Yes?" Silken was watching Suave's face and there was such hope, such excitement there that she couldn't help feeling excited herself. "And?"

"I got the book day before yesterday and I've finished reading it. Do you know that after thirty-five years she's still active and mobile and most people don't even realize she has MS?"

Now that caught Silken's attention. "How is that? Did she try an experimental drug?"

Suave shook her head and she was beaming. "That's the great part. It's not like she's pushing a miracle drug. She doesn't speak against using prescribed drugs but she says a big part of managing the illness has to do with diet, supplements and exercise. That's stuff we can control all on our own."

Silken frowned. "But how? Could the answer be that simple?" And then her frown deepened. "And why didn't the doctors tell us about this?"

For the first time since her illness a flash of something akin to anger crossed Suave's face. "If it's not a drug it's not worth mentioning, as far as some of these medical doctors are concerned. That's why it's important to do your own research. Thank God for the internet."

"So who's this miracle woman? Can I see the book?"

"Sure. Give me a sec." In less than a minute Suave was back, a thick white book in hand.

Silken took it from her. "Managing Multiple Sclerosis Naturally", she read as she stared at the cover. She flipped it over in her hand and began reading the back material. "Are you sure this is good information? Is this woman credible? What kind of doctor is she?"

Suave rolled her eyes. "Are you even listening? She's not a doctor but she's probably the best advisor you could want. She's been living with this thing for over three decades. And besides," Suave took the book from her hand and began to flip through the pages, "the lady's done her research." Then she smiled and clutched the book to her chest like it was a treasured Bible. "Anyway, I've got nothing to lose. I'm heading out to the drugstore to stock up on my fish oil with omega 3, my vitamin D and my vitamin B12. I'll catch up with you later." She was almost out the door when she stopped and turned back to Silken. "Oh, and by the way, you thought I was a health nut before? Now I'm really going to go overboard. Judy says the trick is to consume no more than fifteen grams of saturated fat per day. That's my new rule to live by." Then she smiled. "I think I'm going to send Ms. Graham an e-mail."

Humming to herself she walked out the door, looking and sounding happier than Silken had seen her in weeks.

Long after Suave had gone Silken sat on the bed, staring at the bedroom wall. This was the best news she'd had in such a long time. She was happy for Suave. Her sister's future did not have to look grim. There was actually something she could do to slow the progression of this disease, maybe even halt it if she was lucky, and she didn't even need a doctor's prescription to do it.

And yet, although she should have been hopping up and down with crazy joy, what she felt was relief...but she also felt numb...and she felt drained.

The last several weeks had been difficult, shuttling Suave from her primary care physician to the neurologist to the X-ray department and to the lab as more and more tests were ordered for her. And even as they did all that, the numbness and dizziness did not go away, and they were even exacerbated by bouts of nausea.

It was only during the last week, after Suave read something on the internet about taking fish oil supplements, that she tried it and began to feel better. And now that she'd found the new 'bible', Silken was sure she would go all out with her supplement regime. She was looking forward to her sister feeling like her normal self again. As Suave had said, it was no fun walking around feeling like you were on the deck of a ship being buffeted by the waves. Silken couldn't even begin to imagine living with such a feeling of imbalance.

But now maybe she could rest a little easier knowing that there were more options to explore. And maybe finally she could get some sleep.

Since Suave's diagnosis Silken had not had a good night's sleep for more reasons than one. She'd been fretting about her sister but she'd also been in mourning...for the loss of the love of her life.

Since she'd broken off her engagement with Max he'd spoken to her a few times, but only to find out how Suave was doing. Still, she could detect no resentment in his voice, only a cool distance and a formality that told her everything between them was different.

Not that she'd expected otherwise. She was the one who had made things different. She had no-one to blame but herself.

Her wedding day had come and gone and here she was, six weeks later, the 'almost' bride. At the thought of what could have been Silken pulled her legs up onto the bed and wrapped her arms around them. She dropped her chin on her knees, fighting the urge to cry.

She knew she had no right to be depressed. Nobody had forced her into the decision she'd made. She'd gone and made that move all by herself so now she had to live with it.

But knowing it had been her call wasn't making things any easier. She missed Max so much it hurt. Literally.

And, what made it worse, she hadn't been honest. Not with Max and not even with her sister. She'd told Max she didn't love him and nothing could have been further from the truth. And Suave, even when she'd practically gone into shock when Silken had told her the wedding was off, she'd simply told her they'd had an irreconcilable fight and that they'd both agreed to go their separate ways. She could never let her sister know the real reason for the cancellation of her wedding plans.

That evening when Silken saw Suave laying out her supplements on the kitchen table, her face glowing with excitement, she knew that the sacrifice had been worth it. She had stayed by her sister's side during the worst period of her life, when she'd been numb, unbalanced and mentally confused. Now it looked like she was on the road to recovery and Silken could not have asked for a better blessing.

After that, life took a turn for the better for Silken and Suave. The low fat diet that Suave was following made her so vibrant, energetic and upbeat that Silken decided to try it herself. She was pleasantly surprised to find that she was sleeping better and feeling generally in a much better mood. Things were not perfect, by any means, but her outlook on life had shifted from depression to a generally more positive outlook.

And then, as if this was their time for a miracle, Suave got the best news of her life. She'd gone for her regular visit with her GP that afternoon and even before she returned to office she called Silken, so excited she was stuttering.

"I can't believe it," she shouted into the phone. "The latest test results came back and the lesions on my brain, they're gone."

She'd rushed back and burst in through the office door. Silken was waiting for her and as soon as she stepped in she ran to meet her.

"What were you telling me on the phone?" she asked, her eyes searching Suave's. "You're healed?"

"No, not healed," Suave said, laughing almost hysterically. "Even better. It looks like I never had MS in the first place."

That stopped Silken in her tracks. She stepped back and stared at Suave's flushed face. Was she sick again? Was she hallucinating this time? "Uhm, are you sure you know what you're talking about, Suave?" She took her by the hand and led her over to her desk. "I think you'd better sit down." She pushed her down onto the office chair then placed a hand on her sister's forehead. "You're not having a fever, are you?"

"Silken, will you stop being such a mother hen?" Suave laughed and pushed her hand away. "Just shut up and listen, will you?"

Silken did as she was ordered. She pulled up a chair across from Suave and listened open-mouthed as her sister explained what had happened.

"A misdiagnosis," she said triumphantly. "That's what it was. I didn't have MS. I was deficient in vitamin B12."

Slowly, Silken shook her head. "But that makes no sense. What about the symptoms? Weren't those signs of MS?"

"As it so happens, the symptoms of MS and vitamin B12 deficiency are very similar, right down to the lesions on the brain." Suave pushed forward in the chair and leaned toward Silken. "Do you know how they figured out they'd made a mistake? My last MRI on the brain. Not a single lesion to be found."

Silken gasped. "But how is that possible? You can't reverse these things, can you?" She held her breath, hoping against hope that the answer was yes, that Suave would make her question totally irrelevant.

"Apparently you can. In my case, anyway." Suave grabbed her purse from where it perched beside her on the chair and dumped its contents on top of the desk. "Remember these pills I started taking after I read the book?" She slid a bottle across the table.

Silken picked it up and read the label. "Vitamin B12. So?"

"So that was the answer. Don't you see? I reversed my deficiency in that vitamin so my symptoms began to disappear."

Silken lifted her eyes from the bottle in her hand. "And so did the lesions?"

"And so did the lesions." Suave was positively glowing now. "And the good thing is, I can figure out why I was deficient in the first place. I cut red meat out of my diet a long time ago but apparently it's an excellent source of B12. My diet was almost like a vegetarian's and they're normally advised to take B12 supplements. I hadn't even realized that until I started my research."

Silken's heart was beginning to do a happy dance inside her chest but she had to rein it in. Before she started celebrating she needed to know for sure.

"So you're cured?"

Suave shook her head. "I don't want to say that yet. They're going to run some more tests just to confirm the results but it sure looks hopeful." Then she drew in her breath and let it out on a sigh. "But I'm a happy camper right now, you can trust me on that."

Then, before Silken could move, she hopped out of the chair, grabbed her purse and headed for the door. "I'll soon be back," she said. "I have to go share the good news."

"Hey, where're you going?" Silken yelled after her. She was getting up to follow her but Suave was already through the door.

Just before it slammed shut behind her, she yelled over her shoulder, "I've got to go tell Duke."

Silken sank back down, a frown of confusion knitting her brow. What in the world did Duke Davidoff have to do with any of this?

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Champagne glass in hand, Max couldn't help but shake his head and smile. It wasn't a bitter smile, by any means. He was more than happy for his brother. But it was partly a smile of regret for what he'd almost had and had lost. And now his brother had found that happiness he'd craved and Max wouldn't have wished it on a better person.

Who could have known that within just a few months of each other the second Davidoff brother would be announcing his engagement to one of the McCullen twins?

Duke and Suave had done a stellar job of keeping their relationship secret, or maybe the love had overtaken them like it had done Max months before with Silken. Maybe they hadn't even known what hit them. Whatever it was, Max was one hundred percent happy for them.

As he lifted his glass to take another sip of champagne he watched the bride and groom-to-be twirling round and round on the dance floor, the center of everyone's attention as they should be. They were the stars tonight and they made a handsome couple.

His eyes went round the room full of family and friends and they alighted on his parents sitting at a nearby table, watching their son and their soon-to-be-daughter on the dance floor. They were visibly pleased as Max had known they would be. In Suave they were acquiring a beautiful, humble and level-headed daughter who would not only be a great help-mate to her husband but an asset to the entire Davidoff family.

And then, as had been happening all evening, his eyes went back to searching the crowd until he found that one person in the room, the only one who had the power to make his heart lurch at the mere sight of her.

There she was, standing behind a group of Duke's friends and key employees, a champagne glass held stiffly in her fingers. She was smiling at the dancing couple, obviously happy for them, but there was a tension in her that he could see even from across the room. She was probably as aware of his presence as he was of hers. And Max didn't feel he was flattering himself by thinking that. She'd loved him once and if that love had made her feel for him half of what he felt for her, then there was no way she could be in the same room with him and not feel his presence.

And then she looked up, her brown eyes meeting his across the distance, and it was like they were the only ones in the room.

Moments passed as they stared at each other, as if drinking their fill, and then she blinked and dropped her gaze. But not before he caught the longing in her eyes.

Max drew in his breath and clenched his jaw, his eyes never leaving her face now growing pink under his scrutiny. Over the months that had passed they'd spoken on the phone a few times, mostly in relation to Suave and her health, but he'd never again laid eyes on Silken until tonight. The last time they'd been together she'd declared that she didn't love him anymore. The look he'd just seen in her eyes was clear and irrefutable testament to the lie she'd told him and had probably even told herself. There was no way she could have faked that look of love.

And that was when he realized what a fool he'd been all these months. He'd taken what Silken had said, cancelled the wedding plans, and sat their waiting for her to come back to him. He knew Silken and what a stubborn mule she was. Once she'd made her declaration there was no way she would ever have come back to him. Not over her dead body. Because that was who she was.

He should have known that the best thing he could have done was to give her a few days to get over the shock of Silken's illness and then march over there and demand that she repeat what she'd said. She wouldn't have been able to do it. There was no doubt in his mind, not after what he'd seen in her eyes tonight.

He expelled his breath and scowled, totally pissed with himself. He'd given in too easily and now it was time to remedy that.

Walking behind the people circling the room, cheering the dancing couple, Max moved purposefully through the crowd until he was by Silken's side.

She looked up, eyes wide, but she did not look surprised to see him there. She was searching his face, taking him all in, and in addition to longing what he saw there was hope.

Max glared down at her, and if they weren't in a room packed with people he knew he would have put her over his knee and smacked her pretty little bottom till she begged him to make hot love to her instead. Silken had put them through months of suffering, all because she'd made up her mind to be a sacrificial lamb to her sister who'd gone and made a great future for herself - all without Silken's help. Max could only hope that the woman he loved had learned her lesson.

"Let's get out of here," he said, his tone brooking no argument. "We need to talk."

Silken did not object. She looked into his eyes then nodded and put her hand in his. Then, hand in hand, they slipped away from the crowd and walked out the door.

***

Silken could not believe what was happening. Was this another of her recurring dreams where Max, like a knight in shining armor, would rescue her from her self-imposed misery, declare his undying love for her then whisk her off to his castle in the clouds where he would make mad love to her till she swooned from the sheer ecstasy of it all?

Or was this real?

She glanced over at him and the tight set of his jaw and the scowl on his face told her it was real. In her dreams he'd been smiling the whole time. The man striding down the hallway with her hurrying along beside him looked more angry than crazy-in-love.

It wasn't until they got out into the garden that Max released her hand and, putting his hands on her shoulders, turned her to face him. "I should punish you, you know that?" He was glaring down at her and making no apology for it, either.

"For what?" Silken buttoned her lips and glared back at him. She wasn't about to let him bully her, no matter that all she wanted to do right then was wrap her arms around him and never let go. It felt so good, having him so close, his hands strong and warm on her shoulders. How she wished she could have his touch always.

"For lying to me. You love me, Silken. You never stopped loving me." He reached out to tilt her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. "Look at me and tell me you can deny that this is the truth."

Silken swallowed. Who was she fooling? She loved Max so much she couldn't think straight. For months she'd been trying to tell herself otherwise, trying to ease the dissonance of having pushed him away and out of her life when all she'd felt was love for him. It was for the best, she kept telling herself, for the good of her sister. But, now that she looked back, despite her good intentions, had that decision been sensible or just plain stupid?

Finally, she spoke. "I can't." She sighed and gave him a sad smile. "How can I deny it when I've not gone a single day without praying that you're well. You're on my mind each morning that I wake and on my lips each night that I go to bed. I love you, Max, and always will."

Max expelled his breath as if he'd been holding it, anxiously awaiting her answer. Then he released her chin and wrapped his arms around her in a hug so tight it was like he'd never ever let her go.

"That, my dear, has sealed your fate. I will never let you escape me again."

And Silken, pressed against the body of the man she loved, felt the rumble of laughter in his chest.

"And just in case you have any more tricks up your sleeve," he said as he rested his chin on top of her head, "tomorrow I'm finding myself a judge."

Silken tucked her face into his shoulder and smiled. Like Max, she'd had enough of wedding planning. She just wanted to get on with her life, with this man by her side.

And if Max followed through with his threat like she knew he would, she would have her greatest wish.

Because by tomorrow this time, she and her beloved Max would be husband and wife.

EPILOGUE

The wedding of Duke and Suave Davidoff was the talk of the town and the church was packed with family members and well-wishers. And by his brother's side, best man to the groom, stood Max. And by the bride's side, reveling in her role as chief bridesmaid, stood Silken.

And as the bride and groom exchanged their vows, Silken and Max gazed into each other's eyes, confident in the love that they shared.

They'd beat Duke and Suave to it and they never stopped teasing that they would always hold the position of honor - a union of marriage between the first-borns of the Davidoff and McCullen families.

But Suave did some teasing of her own. "No need to mother me anymore, Silken. Duke told me to tell you, you're being laid off. He's made your position redundant." Then she hugged Silken. "So sorry about that. I'll see if I can get a good severance package for you."

But Silken only laughed and it was a laugh filled with love and just a bit of relief. Now her little sis had two people looking out for her, and with the close knit relationship of the Davidoff family, maybe more. And, of course, she'd always be mother hen to Suave but at least now she had more help than she could ever need.

At the wedding reception that evening as Silken stood by her husband's side, Mother Davidoff waved her over to where she was standing with Suave and Duke.

As soon as she approached, that regal lady opened her arms wide and drew both Silken and Suave into her embrace.

"My daughters," she said, her eyes filled with tears, "the daughters I've always dreamed of."

And as Silken and Suave stepped into her loving arms their eyes met and Silken knew they were thinking the same thing. Charlene was their mother now. She was their dream, finally come true.

THE END

